user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,231430,20149652,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,a lost swam appeared,"I really like this game and it is a really good game.So why dont I recommend it? Well the reason is simple: Relic has turned this game into a giantic ♥♥♥♥ing cashgrab with pay2win commanders, an overpriced in game store with microtransactions and a slow transition into a free2play game. This could be related to the 2013 takeover by SEGA and an imposed microtransactions model. I would'nt have granted them a single cent if I knew what they would end up trying to do. Free2play is coming soon. Every update is clear step in the free2play direction. In a final assault they want to get everyone to buy the game before they actually make it f2p. Like with almost every game, free2play will demolish of what is left of a once great game. If you really want to play, just wait for the free2play.No, its really that ♥♥♥♥ing bad. During the 2015 christmas sale, certain items were 75% off. Great!, is what you might think. However these ♥♥♥♥ers are so ♥♥♥♥ING greedy that they actually raised the price of certain commanders to 9 euro,s (instead of the normal 2-3) so that they could pretend giving a -75% discount, while selling it for the orginal price :^).Another example: The British expansion costs originally 13 euro’s. It has day0DLC commanders that cost 12 euro’s total. So you’ve just bought an expansion and then you already have to pay again? Didn’t I just purchase the expansion to the game…?Meanwhile I spend about 100 euro's on this game and I always did so gladly. Even with day0 DLC, ""no we wont add pay2win commanders, but we actually are adding pay2win commanders"", a 40 euro single player campain that didn't add any MP-content and wasn't even worth half of the orginial price, a weird random drop system that they just used to justify their pay2win model, ""because now you can get it by drop so it doesnt matter were asking outrages prices for content in our store"". (The chance that something drops you actually need or want is nihil and the only thing that really drops are crappy bulletins).Yet, I have always defended this game because it was enjoyable and it was a good RTS. In the end the game is still fine, but the way Relic and Sega want to make money of its player base is not. They have crossed the line.  In recent patches they have made it clear that they only see's players as a cow to be milked before they send you off to the slaughter in the free2play ♥♥♥♥fest they are planning, comrad!.Be smart and invest in a company that actaully gives a ♥♥♥♥ about their player base. If you don't own this game yet, wait for free2play. If you really want to play it... well the only thing I can say is: get it on sale. It would be worth the money, but be aware of what your getting yourself into and the direction that Relic and Sega are taking this game.As a historian I'm offended that they could abuse one of the most significant events in human history like this. They have chosen to use the traditional American centric Hollywood perspective on the war.  Some might like that perspective, but I think those with deeper historical knowledge and understanding will find it unsatisfying and childish. The campaign of COH2 was thus not compelling and (imo) did not paint a complete and historical accurate picture of the Eastern front."
76561198084571693,Not Recommended,231430,15291097,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,tim.buck2,"I have to write this review as it troubles me greatly the way that SEGA are distributing games.  I like Company of Heroes 2 and I like playing it just as I like the Total War series but I do not like the precedent that is being set through DLC and need to make others aware of it.I am reviewing this game on the basis that it is full price and all the DLC is full price, which no sane person would pay!  Please, please wait until the game and all its content are on sale to buy it else you feel like you've had a raw deal.  I bought this game for £10 from a supermarket when it was on special offer and the deals Steam puts on can undercut that.  I felt I had got a good deal but if I had paid £29.99 I certainly would have felt cheated.I'm from a generation of gamers who used to play on 4 colour 8-bit computers where you had to wait for games to load via a tape player that you bought from Tandy.  I've seen the development of PC games from Doom to the present day and it was a sad fact that the internet was double edged.  We had good things like forums, multiplayer servers, modders and the publisher could release updates for the game.  Then the bad like publishers releasing buggy, unfinished games which would then be patched later.  Now we can add to that the insidious practice of DLC (down loadable content) that we must pay for to use.  Now I'm a realist, some DLC such as extra levels or new units may be worth paying for where it adds to the game and its here to stay.  SEGA aren't the only distributors to sell DLC but in the case of Company of Heroes 2 they do let you know what you haven't got!Let me explain.  So you've just paid £29.99 for this and checked out the DLC from the store page and see that there's some Theatres of War and an add on for Ardennes Assault (this is really a separate game and I won't cover that in detail here but it is a very good campaign).  So what do you get for £29.99?  You get a base Soviet campaign, one theatre of war and some commanders, skins and intel bulletins for skirmish/multiplayer (more on that later).  So you have a relativity engaging single player campaign but for multiplayer you quickly realise you've just been sold a 'starter pack' if you will and you're lacking a hell of a lot.  That doesn't mean it isn't there, it just you can't use it!On the main menu screen you are hit with adverts for DLC - Theatres of War, Ardennes Assault and Fox company rangers to try and get you to purchase them.  It seems the game delights in showing you what you don't have.So you click on the store page and you are taken to options you cannot see through Steam, you have to see them through the game, those are: Commanders, Skins and Faceplates, all with associated costs.  Then you thin, what have I actually paid for other than the short campaign?  A good Question and the answer raises more questions!The theatres of war are like mini campaigns which take place on the maps from multiplayer and some are very challenging but they aren’t worth the full price of the game.  You look at the cost for all the Theatres of War DLC (Southern Fronts £2.99, Stalingrad £6.99 & Case Blue £6.99), total of £16.97.Now comes the gut wrenching part, the cost for all those bits of DLC for multiplayer.  For those who aren’t familiar with the Company of Heroes games one of their traits is it allows you to select a commander  who has specific abilities that you can use to gain a tactical advantage during the game.  This can be the ability to call in airstrikes, off map artillery, special units or uniquely powerful armoured units such as Tiger tanks.  In the original game there were three commanders (Infantry, Airborne and Armoured).  In this game there are lots, I don’t know how many but there’s a forum about it somewhere.  Initially when you buy the game you get a basic number of commanders for the Soviets and the Werhmacht.  (I got a message that as a legacy player I’d unlocked some so I have a number that weren’t ‘unlocked’ with the base game).  These are critical for your experience on multiplayer and skirmish as the computer can use commanders you don’t have access to and it will.  Likewise, online players may have access to that German commander who can call in a Tiger Ace (a Tiger tank with full veterancy level) and you don’t have a commander who can call in an equally powerful unit.  This makes the game unbalanced.OK, so I talked about ‘unlocking’ commanders and earlier on I mentioned intel bulletins.  Intelligence Bulletins change the mechanics of the game and you can select three from a vast number of options.  Some are subtle such as giving machine guns a 2% faster rate of fire and some have a greater impact such as giving tanks 20% greater accuracy.  You can’t buy these through DLC (that’s no loss as there’s already plenty of that) you have to ‘unlock’ them.  You unlock more commanders, intel bulletins, vehicle skins and other goodies via the war spoils system.  This essentially involves grinding away for hours on skirmish matches to ‘win’ random war spoils.  There’s no logic or pattern to what you get, when you get it or how many get.  For instance after one 20 minute game I won two war spoils and after one 1 hour game I got none.  Plus you can get repeats like trading cards except you can’t trade them with anyone.  So intel bulletins and commanders are classified as common, scarce and rare.  The rare types being the more useful and more powerful.‘Rubbish’ you cry, I want the special commanders, can’t I download them?  Yes you can, at a price through that store page accessed via the game.  Now I’m not saying that anyone would buy all the commanders, or that you would even need to, especially as many just have different combinations of the same abilities.  But just say you’re a completest, well there are: 1 x starter bundle of four commanders at £6.49, 8 commanders at £2.79/each, 8 commanders at £2.99/each and 10 commanders at £1.99/each.  Total cost = £72.63.I’m not finished with the DLC here though, no, you can also alter the cosmetic appearance of the game with vehicle skins (different camouflage paint jobs) and for a full set you need three (one for light vehicles, one for medium and one for heavy).  Now I’m not big on paying for cosmetic changes but just say you wanted to as they were there and you wanted them all.  There are two starter packs (one Soviet and one German) at £4.79/each.  There are then a whopping 40 extra skins at £1.59/each.  Total cost = £73.18You can also change the control bar face plate if you so desired and there are four options at £1.59/each.  Total cost = £6.36Then there are the Western armies (USA and OKW) at £14.99 that you will want for multiplayer.Total cost of DLC = £184.13, yes £184.13!!!But you say, surely you wouldn’t download all the cosmetic stuff, just what you want.  This is true, but it’s not the point.  You have paid £29.99 for a game that is missing fundamental aspects to make it playable in multiplayer and the only way to get it is to pay more, a lot more.  I would never part with my hard earned cash to buy commanders which should be in the game I’ve bought.  In fact they are in the game, I just can’t use them.  Fix the war spoils system, reward players who are very good and very skilful with the better commanders, don’t fleece us!That’s why I can’t recommend this game, stuff the gameplay, it doesn’t matter, no game is worth £214.12 (DLC cost plus base game cost, all full price) to access all of its features, not one, ever!Buy this game when it’s on offer, but please boycott paying for what’s in the game already.  Don’t buy the commanders, even those you really want or need.  £2.99 may not sound like a lot but you can often buy a FULL game for that on a Steam offer.  You’re paying to use a single special unit that the computer can use at will.  It sucks."
76561198074502848,Not Recommended,231430,19168793,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Pittsportsfan,"Save your money, buy the original CoH, and download the FREE Eastern Front Mod. The developers of the Eastern Front Mod took the AI from that game and actually fixed it to the point where the units use real strategy instead of blatant cheating like in Company of Heroes 2. CoH 2 AI will just call in smoke attack, after smoke attack, after smoke attack - cooldown time be damned! But there is no real strategy or adaptability. (FYI - smoke attacks are special ability artillery/bombing attacks)The only thing worse than the AI is the fact that this game really didn't do much to improve over the first. The pathfinding is still as terrible as ever and there aren't any sort of squad formations, which if included, would limit the amount of units that get killed when the computer calls in smoke every 20 seconds. These are two basic things that games in the late 90s were able to accomplish, so it boggles my mind how CoH cannot incomproate it! On top of that, I cannot think of anything added to CoH2, except for maybe line of sight and the ability to jump over sandbags that were actual improvements over the first.Last but not least is the fact that you actually have to buy so much DLC, which is just a slap in the face to anyone who is an early adopter. ""Oh, I see you paid $50.00 for our base game, here - spend another $20.00 five more times so you can get what should have been included in the original or offered at a significant discount for those who bought the original."" Instead, they just have more and more bundles for people who haven't bought the game yet.Once again - save yourself the time, money, and frustration and skip this game. Buy the original and download the FREE Eastern Front Mod. You can thank me later.(Edited for grammar and to state that I donated $25.00 to the Eastern Front Developers because they actually EARNED my money.)"
76561198079608461,Recommended,231430,28280313,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Field Marshal Insert Name,"After scrolling through many negative reviews, I began to realize that these reviews were not reviewing the game at all, they were just complaining about Relics business choices. Now the amount of DLC's  Relic made for this game is shameful, but the game is amazing and definitley worth the 30 dollars. Rather then write a lengthy review i will just have people see how many hours I put into the game and have them judge for themselves."
,Not Recommended,231430,8005072,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,♥Ashley♥,"While being a sequel, Company Of Heroes 2 offers less content than the original game and has many holes that scream to be filled with future DLC releases. Many of the units simply feel like a re-skin; the Russians take the exact role the Americans did in the first game. All of the Russian units have a similar counterpart in the first game and yet CoH2 still manages to offer less variety in units than that first game, leaving certain battlefield roles completely missing.On CoH2's day of release it already had a gigantic collection of twenty six DLC packages totaling a whopping £42. Costing more than the game itself, the downloadable content added vehicle skins and access to five unique commanders which could have simply added to standard release. Downloadable content implies you are actually paying for something, however Company Of Heroes 2 manages to charge and give nothing in return. The five commanders that can be bought offer no new abilities, just remixing the existing content within the game, only changing the orders of abilities players can spend hard earned cash without adding a single drop of new content to the experience. For pre-ordering I had access to the new co-op “missions” known as theater of war; instantly I was unable to access most of this since it will be released as future DLC. These missions are meant to have a unique co-op focus, however they did little to bring anything fresh to the game: most of these simply being a skirmish with one or two unique abilities and a smaller unit variety then a standard skirmish.The main campaign does little to inspire beyond the first game. Consisting of fourteen missions about an hour each, they simply feel like a skirmish game except offering unique units, upgrades, and abilities which are not available during any other game mode. I found myself questioning why all of this had been removed from the other game modes. With poor dialogue, story, and boring missions that simply feel like tutorials you will feel little incentive to return for a second play-through. Multiplayer does little to improve as an unfair matchmaking system frequently creates unbalanced teams as well as giving players no choice in what they would like to play. If you want to play with random players, you lose choice over the map played as well as only having access to point control mode. Creating your own custom game denies you access to other players, and only allows you to invite friends which feels unnecessarily limiting.The new winter maps add new mechanics to the game in which infantry become exposed to the cold and risk freezing, while random blizzards limit speed and visibility that can quickly turn heavy skirmishes into silence and small raids. This welcome and unique design can really change the battlefield while making players adapt to the new low sight conditions however it soon loses its novelty after a few games. After a few maps I soon found that blizzards simply seem to slow the game down and add to unnecessary micromanagement of units. After hearing “Your men are freezing to death” I  moved my camera to see an infantry squad stood one meter too far from a fire where they simply stood allowing themselves to freeze to death. After this happened a few times while I focused on the battle it just made winter maps soon feel like additional and unneeded “busy work.” With no other new game mechanics besides additional “busy work” it brings into question, “why should I choose Company of Heroes 2 over the first?”With the combat mechanics remaining the same of the first game I expected to find myself playing an almost identical game to the original but with additional content. However, after playing against the AI on many skirmish maps I soon realized that my choices were significantly more limited. All of the maps are very open, with little to no choke points to really plan any defensive tactics: I soon found myself getting slaughtered if I ever tried to play defensively.  Defenses soon become useless as they are now easily flanked by speeding armor or even basic the infantry squad which pushes all players to play aggressively and use almost identical tactics. Do you like to play defensively and push forwards inch by inch? Tough luck. Want to focus mostly on support infantry? Tough luck. The only way you can win is tanks, immune to most damage and with all anti-tank weaponry so easily flanked. Every match becomes a race to build the first tank and with Germany armor being superior to the soviets in every possible way, except mobility, the Germans have a significant advantage on all maps.During a match you will eventually earn your first command point, giving you access to your custom selected commanders with each having five traits. At least one of these will be a passive ability that will add little to nothing to the battlefield. Two points will often give you access to unique units, with only two semi-unique units per commander it hardly changes how you decide to play against your opponent. Often these unique units are shared between many possible commanders further removing any roles or unique identity on the battlefield. Everyone builds the same units, everyone is forced to play the same aggressive tactics and as a result every game ends up playing out like the previous one. Losing teams do not have any chance to retake the battlefield against aggressive players and the winning team within the game can be seen within the first five minutes.Pros:+good campaign length of around ten or more hours+action focused RTS appeals to those who are not interested in most RTS games+weather elements are impressive for the first few game+cinematic combat provides impressive sightsCons:-a complete downgrade of the first game-high system requirements-overpriced and unnecessary release DLC, with more to come!-winning with defensive or support roles is impossible-the new commander system makes every battle the same-poor multiplayer system, removing all choice from players-predictable campaign story does nothing to entice the player-no reason to ever replay the campaign missions-content available for campaign but denied in all other game modes-skirmish and multiplayer maps offer no chance for a losing team to fight backCompany of Heroes 2 remains a good game, the fun action-orientated strategy game remains satisfying and intense while able to appeal to players that are not familiar to the RTS genre. Though still an enjoyable experience it is a complete downgrade from the first release back in 2006. Seven years later fans are left with an overpriced game. DLC, and less content than the first release for a small graphical update. For these reasons I would not recommend CoH2 to those interested as the unique gameplay the game has to offer should look to the original Company of Heroes instead.Enjoy the read? Check out Analog reviews, for unbais gaming reviews.http://steamcommunity.com/groups/AnalogReviewsOfficialEdit: Simply improving grammar and sentence structure. Same text."
,Not Recommended,231430,19384382,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,HolyMoses,"Love the actual game, but extremely dissapointed by all the microtransactions, I want to buy a game and play what it has to offer, not be milked like a cow."
76561197996186863,Not Recommended,231430,17515395,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,nephilimnexus,"The game itself is actually good.  In fact, I've got no complaints about the game itself.Thing is, though, I just want to play the game that I bought without having to close fifteen different cash-grab ""BUY MOAR CRAP NAO"" advertisements every time I start the frikkin' game... and I can't.Seriously, Relic, this is embarassing.  Zynga isn't even this scummy.  You should be ashamed of yourselves.Luckily I stayed away from multiplayer, so I've been spared from the horrors of all the pay-to-win crap that fuels most of the advertising ぶっかけ that they mistakenly call their game interface.Good game made by terrible people.  The kind of people who keep sending company shills to attack anyone downvoting their game, for example."
,Not Recommended,231430,32215877,Posted: 6 June,all,Schmoopy Boop,"This game has so much potential, but, even though I paid actual money to play this game, I still need to pay more in order to:Play the campaign,Play different as different teams,and play different maps against AI.I absolutely hate how greedy the devs are. I bought your game, now let me play it.If this game was free to play, maybe I'd understand why almost everything costs money, but alas, I paid for it, and it wants more."
,Not Recommended,231430,18278284,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Optimism,"I suppose it's around that time I should revise the review again given that I've still continued to play this game once in a while, on and off.If you want a review with reasons you should consider purchasing this game, I apologize, but I won't be offering that here.I'm going to try and keep things simple, and list off the reasons I can think of as to why I personally do not recommend this game based on my 600+ hour experience.So,1. I find the excess of DLC annoying. The thought that I have to grind away for about two hours every gaming session at the least to have a very slim chance of maybe getting a paid commander through the was spoils system that sells for $3.99 is depressing. (Sales are your friend if you really, really want these)2. The single player campaign bored me to hell. Others might have enjoyed it, I didn't. I was disappointed, disinterested, and saw no reason to replay it after one run. It felt like a history circus cartoon, seeing Tiger tanks in Stalingrad and sappy drama instead of a narrative atmosphere that made me feel like I was up front and center in a war.3. Multiplayer is a mix. If you've got friends you can have a great time, but if you're thinking of getting this game as a single purchase you may find yourself struggling to learn all the skills and counters necessary to be a competitor online (If you're like me and don't like losing all that much). Unfortunately there isn't an official tutorial and the campaign doesn't pressure you to take action and micro the same way multiplayer does, so playing it does not teach you the ropes of multiplayer. The ranking system, which I put most of my game time into, does not offer any rewards for grinding away for higher rank. And when you're at max level, that's it. Have a cookie.I admit I like that patches for multiplayer come fairly frequently, so there's not too much bad to be said about multiplayer. It's not great without friends, though.4. The game did not stick with its theme. I get it, I suppose. Making more factions means appealing to a larger, broader audience with an American and British army, but when it gets to the point that the original factions sit on old abilities and units that have their roles displaced or scrambled by a flux of new units for new armies (you have to pay for commanders too to get ALL the new units for the new armies, lol. Buy the army so you can buy DLC for the army, hehe) then there's something not quite right.Unit variety in terms of infantry and armor is also pretty bland. Comon. 15 units on average for a faction? (Not counting additional ones you can get by using paid commanders. They usually only add 1 or 2 more, anyways)So, I bought this game with the interest in walking through an epic historical narrative about the Eastern Front in single player and being able to do some sweet tactical uraaaaah with varied Soviet Armor and Infantry in multiplayer. I was disappointed.Total cash paid: A small cashout of about $100"
76561198087311716,Recommended,231430,8806474,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Macho Man Randy Savage,"(EDITED 7/27/14 FOR ""ARMIES OF THE WESTERN FRONT"" STANDALONE EXPANSION)Hello everyone, I just wanted to write this because I've seen all the negative reviews out there, and I have no idea what most of these people are talking about. I am a huge fan of the Company of Heroes franchise, and I have put many hundreds of hours into CoH1 both before and after if went on Steam. Not everything that the nay-sayers is wrong, but the amount of negative attention this game is getting is unfair to it, and I think that anyone who was a fan of VCoH should give it a chance.First, I will say that the game mechanics are nothing but improved. Infantry AI is much better, units can no longer be run over by a stray tank and destroy entire squads. Tanks can no longer just roll over an opponent without being supported. Infantry anti-tank abilities (available on all factions core units except the Oberkommando West) will very often damage a vehicles engine, slowing it down to the point where other anti-vehicle weapons can easily take them out. Artillery is dumbed down from the first game, with only a handful of on-map artillery options available. You will not be able to park calliopes outside of your opponents base and win the game with long range barrage weapons. These are all, in my eyes, improvements and make for a more exciting, balanced game.Navigating the game maps is slightly different now as well. A few things that stood out is how much less important bridges are. Terror doctrine in VCoH could esentially pick a bridge, firebomb it, and destroy it on demand if the munitions were availbable. Now, alternate (but less convenient) routes to the front are almost always available, and bridges can even be repaired before they are destroyed. Infantry can vault over low walls and obstacles too, which is just one more tool available to the player to get to the fight (or away from it) swifter. This also means troops can no longer be trapped on the wrong side of a sandbag wall, they can simply jump over to the other side. This is true for trenches as well, they can leap in and jump out without using the main entrance.(EDIT-WINTER MAPS REMOVED)  While winter maps were not 100% removed, blizzard effects were removed on all maps. There are still places where you can fight in frozen conditions with heavy snow littering the ground and ice covering waterways, making new avenues for attack that are not present in summer. The removal of blizzards was a good decision on Relics part and shows how this game is still growing and changing. Blizzards allowed for very static gameplay by slowing down all units and encouraging long-range units to sit and camp, whereas the rest of the game demands that your forces be in constant motion, and the faster you can move the better.The true line of sight concept I mentioned is also a new improvement to the formula. Units can only see what is in front of them, and can no longer draw line of sight through walls, buildings, enemy vehicles, or smoke clouds, making smoke much more useful than it was in VCoH. This makes setting up ambushes and scouting considerably more important and exciting. It is a good feeling for an enemy tank to roll around a corner, only to find out that an infantry squad and an AT gun are in extremely close proximity to it. The infantry squad will almost certainly slow the vehicle with an AT grenade or panzerfaust, and the AT gun will take care of the rest.But not all was good on the eastern front, and the game did have the flaw of an overabuse of paid DLC. Relic has listened to its fans, and there is no more paid DLC commanders/skins/bulletins (the three prevalent multiplayer unlocks) that you cannot unlock by playing the game. Company of Heroes 2: Armies of the Western Front, unveiled a concept of ""War Spoils"", a stystem where players will earn random commanders, bulletins (which are static buffs for a specific unit type), and skins simply by playing for a set amount of time. War Spoils is a good idea, but it is poorly executed as the player does not have control over the drops they are getting. If you want to unlock a specific commander, it is very likely you will unlock three different commanders, four skins, and countless bulletins before you get the one you want. You also do not know how much you are progressing towards your next drop, and it does not seem to be connected to win/loss rating.Still, this formula is a radical improvement over buying those fancy commanders. If you want to play around with new units and tactics, now all you have to do is play more in stead of breaking your wallet out. Want to unlock that German winter camo for your heavy tanks? Better go kill more Communists. Blow up your opponent in style for the low low price of... who knows how much time spent playing the game you bought! The war spoils system is nice, but ultimately I think people will still pay for commanders rather than work for them, as it can take some time. A good improvement on this system would be making it so you can choose what to work towards unlocking as well as the elimination of duplicate war spoils drops, which are by and large useless with the exception of certain bulletins, though even most duplicate bulletins do not function.All this aside, the game itself is well worth its cost, and is definitely worth looking into for any Company of Heroes veteran, or anyone interested in real time strategy games or World War II history. Armies of the Western Front adds the OKW and American forces into the game, and both these armies bring new soldiers and vehicles (not to mention commanders) to the table, and demand new strategies from Whermacht and Soviet players to combat them. The unit emotes are all great, the sound effects are nice and authentic, and the checks and balances of the game make you end up using every weapon in your arsenal to crush your opponent, resulting in good-looking, authentic armies. The gameplay is fun, it is pretty, the auto-matching multiplayer will usually find you games in less than a minute, and the multiplayer is competitive and diverse enough to keep you coming back. I give it a 9.5 out of 10 and highly reccomend this game.[EDIT 12/26/15] A lot has changed in this game since I originally wrote this review. I have tried to go back over it and change content as is necessary, but tried to maintain its intergrity. The biggest differences are the removal of blizzards on winter maps, the overhaul to the OKW, which was a good idea but still needs some work as of this edit, and the introduction of the British forces in multiplayer, which brought a lot of new units to the table and changed the games balance."
,Not Recommended,231430,7838795,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Wuterich,"Earlier I would recommend this game for being fun and it being able to provide so many hours, but playing this game from launch to this day, the game has become unbalanced and it is way to DLC heavy, if you wish to win or stand a fair competitive chance in playervsplayer online you will have to connect your credit card to the pc.I am sad to see that this great and beloved franchise has been turned into a cash grind, I will not recommend this game unless you have a special interest, plan to play with friends, or get it on sale.*edit* I forgot to add how brutaly horrible pathfinding is, how much the company refuses to listen to it's fans and players complaints, and that they are so amazingly greedy that you have to buy 1 camo for light, then the same for medium, and the same for heavy units. Fair enough they are optional, but 1.99EU for 1 camo, that to use on all vehicle classes you have to buy a total of 3 times for the same skin. I wish they would take a look at the overwhelmingly large amount of negative amounts, just on their storepage here in steam."
76561198103082240,Not Recommended,231430,17922573,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,【HAN】falcofyc,Company of DLCsCompany of commanders
76561198023442449,Recommended,231430,23474979,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,haloixix,"I see a lot of reviews that are one sided, so I will try my best to give this game a fair review with: What I like and what I don't.What I don't like:1. In the game's multiplayer, there is free reign to choose one general. That is not a problem, but people can buy these generals. this gives some people a ""pay to win"" feel.2. This game is not for children under 15. Units, both in campaign and multiplayer, use an incredible amount of cursing. Some images in the campaign can be disturbing(nothing sexual, but a lot of blood).3.The game's population cap limits the use of large scale warfare.4.The Campaign is limited to USSR and USA.Now for the thing I enjoy about the game.1. The game is the Halo to men of war 2's call of duty. The Game has an outstanding campaign for the USSR, providing historical accuracy behind things like The Battle Of Stalingrad and Order 227. The campaign seems to glorify no one (including the player's faction) and has a very neutral tone on politics.2. The game is constantly growing( though it does require payment for DLC). What  started off as Whermacht and USSR became Whermacht, Oberkommando west, USA, USSR, and British commonwealth.3. The amount of time put into the voice production. I was Playing as the Whermacht,  and my ally had his stug stolen by our enemy. I ordered my Pak 40 to destroy it, and I heard, ""Destroy that captured stug"". The voices will change depending on the map, and unlike most strategy games, When a unit captures another unit(infantry crewing a tank), Their voice sticks to that of their unit, though slightly altered for the new role they serve, rather than changing the voice to that of the original vehicle.4. Every battle is rewarding. After any match, whether it be skirmish against AI or players, one recieves a loot crate containing generals, buffs, and other goods.(The Loot crate is free to open).My personal opinion of the game is that, while it is not perfect. it is a very fun game to play on your down time, and even more so with friends. Many people cry out that the game is unbalanced, but thats not entirely true. the factions are also based on time. the length of the battle can determine who wins or loses. People who say the game is unbbalanced may simply not know how to play their faction to its fullest. I played OKW, not knowing anything about it, and thought it was underpowered. I didn't realize that the faction gained power as the battle dragged out.I hope my review of the game has helped new buyers make a decision."
76561198073362561,Not Recommended,231430,32192529,Posted: 4 June,all,-Wu-Jaguar,"As many have mention it's not a bad game at all but its full of micro transactions. I usually play more skirmish on the German side and without the DLC you don't have a tiger among others. Everything that you got in the first CoH is missing in this one without the DLC. Now I got most of the DLC but only because it was on sale and if you do get this game and it's DLC get it when it goes on sale, not worth paying full price. This game without the DLC doesn't feel complete at all. No I don't recomend this game because of the massive microtransactions, it does more harm than good.Sigh..just to add insult to injury the AI in skirmish its somewhere between stupid and moronic. Often times when I make a push I do get some support but all the sudden the AI on my side stops working, they just stand there doing nothing wtf?? Now the Russian faction is kind of a cheap faction,  the  AI just spam, spam, spam tanks and AT guns. I find myself outnumber while my teammates of AI just jerk off. When I finally reach to their base it takes forever to destroy them like what are they made of? Titanium and concrete? when they look like third world house shacks. Once I destroy some of them they quickly build them up  a lot faster than what it takes me to destroy them making it very tedious. The fog of war is another mayor annoyance, face to face otherwise they vanish like fart on a windy day. Keep in mind this is from the German side so I don't know if the same applies to the rest of the factions."
,Not Recommended,231430,17029594,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Frostiken,"Somehow this game just ends up not being very much fun, at least from a single player standpoint. The campaign missions are long, dull, and repetitive. Before you get done with even the fifth mission you'll have grown tired of the 'capture a point, now hold it against near-infinite waves of enemies' trick. And spoiler alert: that isn't getting worn out anytime soon. You play that out in the second, fourth, fifth, sixth, etc. etc. etc.Now, we're supposed to be playing as the Red Army, the force that historically and infamously used mass wave tactics to victory. Thus, the gameplay just feels ridiculous when the German forces are the ones who are throwing waves of bodies, while the player is limited to the triumphant return of the utterly silly population limiter. The population limits wouldn't even be that bad, but we're also still dealing with completely inflexible squads. Let's say you have four free population, but want to call in a conscript squad. Well you need six for that. Got four guys on a machine gun? You have to use grenades to frag your own troops to bring them down to just two people so you can free up six population to call your conscripts.The game relies heavily on 'artificial difficulty'. There's no strategy to be found in the campaign. The enemy doesn't build units and send them to attack you. The missions exist in two states - in the first state, the gameplay is completley static. Enemies don't attack, and you have all the time in the world to slowly creep your way across the map. In the second state, you're facing the infinite waves of enemies, as you try to hold three points with two squads against literally HUNDREDS of enemies. That's it. That's the gameplay. Any sort of 'tricks' the AI has up its sleeve is entirely limited to scripted sequences. You attack a point, and a wall collapses and a tank drives through. Not because the AI has a tank and it's using it, but because the developers decided to make the game 'hard' by having you fight tanks with infantry. This is further compounded by the fact that they constantly 'turn off' the tech trees as you play. In mission 5, where you liberate Stalingrad, you have access to halftracks, T-34 tanks, and rocket launchers. In mission 6, where you clean up Stalingrad (and you also have to face - again - waves of armor and troops) they take away everything except your infantry. Again: artificial difficulty. The AI is terrible, so in order to make it 'hard' we're just going to arbitrarially force you to fight what might as well be Leopard 2 tanks and Eurofighters with broomsticks and rocks.My favorite example of this is the sixth 'secure Stalingrad' mission. The only anti-armor weapons you get are anti-tank grenades and anti-tank guns. The enemy has a freaking flamethrower halftrack. It impossibly takes over four head-on hits with a 76mm anti-tank cannon to destroy it (because halftracks are known for their armor?), so it just drives up, flamethrowers your gun crew and kills them instantly, and then burns all your infantry to death, and drives away.It's not a bad game, but it does absolutely NOTHING interesting or new, and it very much begins to feel like they just copy-pasted one level to the next. I'm not joking about that 'hold out against waves of enemies' thing being used on almost every single level either. This is World War 2, not Orcs Must Die. Not every battle was spent fighting as the underdog against waves of troops. The Germans get tanks in almost every mission, I'm lucky if I even get halftracks. There's almost no options for static defenses anymore either.I normally am a huge fan of Relic games, but this is such a bland, uninspired offering that I'm giving it a thumbs-down."
,Not Recommended,231430,17240168,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,«Manducabulla»,"This game doesn't deserve the ratings it has and I'll explain why. To me it is half a game. It is fine if you want to play the singleplayer, or 1v1 or 2v2 multiplayer. If you are someone who would prefer a competitive 3v3 or 4v4 game mode then I would pass on COH2.It all comes down to balance, and while most strategy games have some trouble with balance, COH2 has taken it to a new level. The WL ratio of 4v4 games has been in favor of the axis by quite a large amount for as far as I can remember, to the point of absurdity. I'm not overexaggerating this either, you can look up charts and graphs for stats on COH2 on google and you will see how imbalanced it is on larger game modes. You WILL lose more games than you win if you want to play the allied factions in larger game modes, I guess it is great if you want to play Axis, which a majority of 4v4 players do. So if you are at all competitive and wish to play Allied factions in the larger game modes, don't buy this game.Blobbing is also a problem in this game that bills itself as a strategy. Blobbing happens when you gather up all of your units, most of them of the same type, and send them across the map in a giant blob. Hardly strategic. Shrek blobs are blobs of rpg toting Nazi's that have been a problem for quite some time. They can kill everything, are a nightmare to deal with, and have helped skew the WL ratio the way it is. Blobbing is a problem across all factions though, and Relic have taken some tiny stabs at combating the problem, but they haven't done nearly enough. Of course blobbing is mostly found in larger game modes.What is probably the worst thing about all of this is that Relic has proven that they don't care about the larger game modes or the people who like to play them. That is even despite 4v4 being one of the most popular game modes. It has been two years since this game launched and still, these problems remain. In my understanding they haven't even acknowledged that blobbing or the WL ratio is a problem. And despite threads I've posted on reddit and on their own forums, I can't even get anybody to comment on it. For all the roadmap and their perceived ""communication with the playerbase"". Relic has even said that they balance for 1v1, leaving really no doubt how they feel about half of their game, so I guess maybe it will never be balanced.The idea that Relic does not have to balance the larger game modes is completely bizarre to me. They have an obligation to anyone who bought the game. The common excuse is that somehow they can't balance it all, it's impossible, like it has never been done before. The fact they can't balance this game into the larger game modes without a huge differential speaks of bad design decisions from the ground up. Why they even advertise 4v4 as a game mode when they won't balance it, or care about it at all, who knows.DLC is also problematic. The game has a warspoils system, wherein you are supposed to get bulletins (which are like small buffs in-game and cannot be purchased) and commanders (that decide what special units and abilities you can use) at the end of a round. Sometimes you get them sometimes you don't. It is completely random as far as I know, so you can get duplicates, you can get stuff for things you never plan to use or never have used. The commanders are $4 a piece, which is pretty pricey. Saying that you can get everything from just playing the game is a stretch, maybe if it weren't so random, you could play for a long time and get everything, but with duplicates you'd probably have to play for years upon years.This game also doesn't have any keybinds. A strategy game without keybinds?!?! Yep, it doesn't. Even though it has been a heavily requested feature for a long time.The community is horrible. I know that gets said about many games, but it's true. You are also unable to mute or block people in game.I can praise Relic and Sega for how they have handled DLC distribution. Maps are free to everyone (although there are not nearly enough of them), so as to not divide the player base, and even if you haven't purchased a faction, you can still play against other people playing as that faction so as to even further not divide the player base. Learning and improving, that's something we can all clap for. I hope it is something all other games adopt in the future because it really is the best way to do things.I loved COH and I've been playing COH2 since it's not so great launch. I have been a fan of Relic and I've tried to be a fan of COH2. The truth is that this is half a game. If you want the singleplayer or smaller multiplayer game modes, you'll have fun if you can look past the gouging DLC. If you are a competitive player who wants to play Allied factions in larger game modes, do not buy this game, you are wasting your money. Even if you'd like to play the Axis on larger game modes you really are wasting your money because the best games are the really tense, down to the wire ones and you hardly ever get those in 4v4.Thanks for reading, I hope you found it helpful."
76561198013362578,Not Recommended,231430,25696893,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Bevol,"First things first: The gameplay is awesome and a worthy sequel to CoH.BUT: The underlying story of the singleplayer campaign isn't very convincing and the constant jumps across the battlefields obstruct immersion. It doesn't feel like an ongoing conflict that you're helping to win. It felt more like a concatenation of completely independent battles.What bothers me more is that in the base version of the game you can only play Red Army or Wehrmacht on a very limited number of maps. ""Wanna play other armies or other official maps that you can see in your browser but can't access? Then buy our ridiculously overprized DLCs from the shop!"". Which brings me to my next point. The audacious ingame advertising on the main menu is driving me crazy. I find this kind of intrusion extremely annoying. As a gamer I can't support such marketing policies. Since I can only recommend or not recommend this game (what a dumb system) although the game itself is great I have to say no."
76561197992750083,Recommended,231430,13046844,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,sunny,"The game had a rocky start but it has improved quite a great ordeal as the devs introduced more patches and content.I'll start with the good,COH2 offers some improvements over COH1 most of which are small but quite significant.For insntace,You can capture points by holding your units within the limits of a capture zone instead of clicking on the pointInfantry can vault over small obsticlesInfantry can take cover behind vehiclesObsticles can block line of sight, vehicle tracks can be left behind, windows break when units first garrison a buildingThere is a hotkey for reversing tanks so you don't have to shift click in small increments behind a tankPoints can be capped straight from the minimapMaps can be downloaded straight from the lobbyYou can now automatch against AICoop campaignsMortars rounds don't take forever to land, trajectory is much lower, fire rate is higherModding support and map creation toolCommanders offer more variety when choosing a doctrine but it also has its disadvantagesThe bad:Sometimes you are in a pinch and try to take cover behind an obsticle, the vault icon appears instead and your units jump accross leaving them exposedYou cannot assign faction restrictions as host of a public game where you might want axis vs allies or american vs soviet only and what have youAI is not very intelligent, harder difficulty AI just cheats and gains more resourcesMost of the commanders are not unique instead drawing from a pool of abilities and call ins in different combinationsIntel bulletins are not very useful and don't offer anything interesting to the game besides minor stat improvements which are quite dullNew commander micro DLC offers new content however it can wreck the balance of the game's multiplayerGrindy war spoils system with plenty of duplicates dropping to entice players to buy the micro DLC at exorbitant prices.I do not wholy aggree with their buisness practices primarily concerning commander DLC, though overall I've found the game to be a satisfying experience, however it goes without saying that there is much that can be improved."
,Not Recommended,231430,26374332,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,MarioAda,"This game is in no way bad but it deserves this bad review for disrespecting its customers and here's how:1- The game cost 30$, to unlock the other ""factions"" you need to pay another 30$, if you don't do so you'll end up playing as the germans or the soviets and nothing else, with a very small amount of generals and maps which becomes boring very quickly.2- You have to pay 25$ to unlock DLCs, now these DLCs aren't anything special, they're just campaigns... So far we payed 85$ to get a decent game with campaigns in it lol...Right now they're selling 1 and 2 for 60$ but these new ""factions"" and DLCs never existed when old players like me bought this game for 60$...The devs disrepsected their old customers by selling them Updates.3- Just like I said, there's a very small amount of generals per ""faction"", about 3 of them, which is absolutely nothing! And that's why they started adding more generals and now there's about 15 per faction but each general costs 3-5$...My Point:----------People like me who bought this game when it was released had to pay about 150$ to enjoy it because they started to add DLCs and Factions but we had to pay to get them which is just a pathetic move by Relic because all of these should've been Updates to the game, for free.For new Customers:---------------------If you want to enjoy every aspect of this game you need to pay about 90$ to get it with all its factions and DLCs, about 10 new generals and no skins at all.In Conclusion:---------------1- They disrespected their old customers and didn't give f*ck, they'll do it again.2- Don't be fooled by the price of the main game because, again, you have to pay an extra 60$(minimum) to enjoy all of its aspects."
76561198029324320,Not Recommended,231430,17917259,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Hjort,"i do not recommend this game because everything in this game is dlc! Like without dlc, you can only play 2 teams  but there are 3 more teams available they are just dlc's. And it's not just the fact that it's dlc, the dlc's are way to expencive. this game is like a burger with only bread, the rest is just dlc's."
76561198108747606,Recommended,231430,10220726,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Wes_Moula,"I think this game has gotten way more hate then it deserves and would like to put some things strait. while I did not own the game in it's early stages and did not expiriance the problems it had out of the gate, what I can say is that the game now runs like a well oilled german machine with little to none bugs and glitches. As for everyone complaining about pay to win, while the dlc may have been op at first launch this has to the most part been resolved and I personally still prefer many of the standard commanders to the dlc ones, which merely offer differant units rather then an unfair advantage. As for the campaign I do agree that it puts Soviots in a bad light but if that really bothers you just don't play it. I can only speak for myself in saying I have spent hundreds of hours on this game and am still enjoying it as much as I did when I first started playing. So if you don't own this game and your intrested I suggest you wait for a sale and give coh2 a shot, which is in my mind the best RTS on the market."
76561198009020478,Not Recommended,231430,23238920,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Steve's Generic Industries Inc.,"In the beginning there was balance:Wehrmacht trusted their superior hardware to defeat their enemies and the Soviets kepth them in check with their cheap basic units and tough special units.The balance updates were (usually) fair and the gameplay was fun.But then came the first wave of strife: they added Oberkommando west and Americans.The Oberkommando were fun with their fast vehicles, excelent infantry and brainnumbingly tough special units.The Americans were not so lucky with their unspecialized infantry, weak vehicles and no heavy vechiclesMighty Relic Entertainment desided to hepl the Americans by nerfing everyone else, making Americans more favourable faction.Players were outraged by this for now Russians had no damage output and German units were too expencive to compete with the now OP Americans.Relic didn't listen the pleads for balace update for their Sega overlords wanted all that sweet DLC money.But Sega wasn't satisfied but the sales that the Ardennes Campaing and the new factions brougth them.They wanted more, much more. Relic then made the Germans OP (for they were the most fun to play with) and the Allied community prayed a counter for their unstopable tanks and infantry. Relic answered those prayers by releasing the British: the faction with the superior defence structures and infantry.After Sega was contempt with the newest DLC sales, Relic nerfed the British and the germans were once again OP (for they were the most popular with their fun equipment and good commander rosters)Now there is only strife for Relic doesn't care for the community: they need more DLC to satisfy thei Sega overlords.Maybe the game could be saved with a German Campaing or a proper balance update but for now it is buggy, badly balanced game with nothing that Men of War series can't do better.Hopefully when Sega abandons this property it will be balanced like the first Coh currently is."
,Not Recommended,231430,11600244,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Za'yev,"When you had a heavy tank in one doctrine or bombing and strafing in another with the original game, that gave a doctrine specific strengths to lever in battle without ever making the other doctrines feel weak or unnecessary.In CoH 2, Sega doesn't mind putting mid-level units and mediocre support abilities in a half-dozen commanders to make them less unique and useful, while adding new pay commanders around vital units like heavy tanks or bazooka infantry.Slightly nicer sound aside - better AI pathing aside - cold weather mechanics nobody plays aside - ""hilarious"" Russian story aside - No matter how many commanders you buy on a Steam sale (oh pleasedon't) Sega will constantly update the game to make the current commanders obsolete and weak.That'samazing."
76561198031994196,Recommended,231430,24492583,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,LegateJustianus,"So this is what happened:- Downloaded a modded map with unlimited resources just for the sake of it.- Got online with a friend and fought against 4 Expert AI- Map loaded. We were on the south, they were in the north. Only route to travel was a gorge in the middle.- Battle started. Entire gorge was filled with tanks, trucks, men. You name it.- Friend decided to sent out a spy plane.- The entire hill behind the gorge was literally covered in red by enemy troops, and it didn't stop until it reached the first command post.- We knew we were ♥♥♥♥ed.- Continue to fight.- Made a desperate push.- But were pushed back.- Friend pushed again with twenty T-40's. 19 were destroyed. One made it across.- That lone T-40 was the result of our victory.- Looked at the battle results.- And realised the battle took nearly three hours.Would definitely do that again!"
,Recommended,231430,16479804,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Lwantssugar,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥they finally got rid of war spoils, now the only content that is locked behind paywalls are the new factions and campaigns. Meaning all commanders, intel bulletins, and skins can be grabbed with in-game currency rather than money. So as before, dont grab any DLC unless you end up enjoying the base game, and if you do, only buy the factions and Ardeness assualt.Sure balance is subject to change wildly at a moments notice but thats Multiplayer gaming in general, not just a problem with Relic"
76561197978975516,Not Recommended,231430,34741189,Posted: 4 September,all,Ovis,"I bought the game back in 2013 - 50 or 60€I bought the british forces - 13€I bought the Western army´s pack (us & okw) - 20€I played over 450 hours and i am far from getting every commander, bulletin or other fancy♥♥♥♥♥♥like skins or winstrikes.On top of that i recognized today that you have to buy ""ardennes assault"" (singleplayer crap campaign) for 20€ to get pretty strong bulletins for US forces, ppl without this ""dlc"" aren`t even allowed to buy it in the ingame store for ♥♥♥♥♥ons of ingamemoney/real currency.Which makes this game by itself a p2p/p2w game.The game itself would be pretty good, sadly this gameseries gets published by moneysucking sega (who is currently ruining ""total war""-series aswell.) I miss THQ!I recommend ""Company of heroes 2"" to everybody who loves to pay alot of money for a complete game."
76561198063422669,Not Recommended,231430,32224284,Posted: 6 June,all,Seljumnik,"It's fun, but compared to the original one, this one's UI is way too complicated (so much choice that there is no [real] choice), a lots of commanders and skins (WTF), and the damn overpriced microtransactions all over the place.Still, it did improve in some things: graphics (obviously), cannons can enter buildings, vehicles can reverse, vehicle crews can eject and repair their vehicles etc.I prefer to keep things simple: 3 commanders, 10-15 unit types. Adding useless stuff just kills that feeling of the game.And adding Ardennes Assault just proves they were desperate.EDIT: If you really want to experience the CoH, buy the first one. Graphics are pretty damn good, even for today's standards, and it's what CoH is really about. You enter battle - you fight. No modern microtransactions bullcr@p, just the game. You've even got them Ruskies in excellent free fan-made Eastern Front mod.EDIT 2: I can't really get over my first negative review. The game itself is really not bad, and you can see a LOT of effort put into it, it's just that you can also clearly see that the directors and the producers don't like it. They've decided to rob players instead of offering them fun. Their greed is why I can't and won't recommend this game."
76561198077337883,Recommended,231430,23288053,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Bill Clinton,"Steps on how to Company of Heroes 2Step 1: Play Skirmish battles against easy A.I. as the great Soviets. (To learn the basics)Step 2: Work your way up to hard A.I.Step 3: Gain confidence in your Soviet abilitiesStep 4: With your new found confidence, vow to drink after every lossStep 5: Join an online matchStep 6: Get destroyed by the Wermacht. Drink.Step 7: Rematch those wermacht ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s to prove your worth to Stalin!Step 8: Again, get destroyed by the Wermacht. DrinkStep 9: Again Rematch! For Stalin!Step 10: Lose again. How loss could you have? Drink for the loss of Soviet comrades.Step 11: The rematch Wermacht. Saltin would have the Comrades victory gain!Step 12: Lose battle against the germans. Drink not only for the vow, but for all the men killed by you.Step 13: Rematch the final a Wermacht time.Step 14: Victory the Saltin for the Comrades! Battle may win of the not, but you are of the true Russian comrade!Step 15: Realize you were drinking water the whole time, and the drunkness you were feeling was actually just your inner Russian."
76561198079592640,Recommended,231430,33688607,Posted: 20 July,all,Pork Sausage,>Play COH2 multiplayer>Spend 3 minutes finding a 4v4 with 80% searching as axis>Get a match with 4 brits spamming emplacements and team mates who don't know mortars exist>Lose in 10 minutes>Try again as allies>Get a match against a clan of Wehraboo tryhards and have 1 guy AFK for 5 minutes>Lose again>Play as axis again>Get bossed around by a guy who thinks he's Rommel reborn but leaves when we start losing>Entire team leaves one by one>Lose again>Have one decent game but still lose>Exit game and vow never to go back>Next day play COH2 multiplayer again19/45 would get curbstomped like Germany again
,Recommended,231430,31857149,Posted: 20 May,all,bashmaster,"Paywalls: The Game.-----------Company of Heroes 2 is a mixed bag for me. I love Relic's games like COH 1 and The Outfit to death, but this one...oy vey.On one hand I love the new design and gameplay. On the other. I hate the adverts and DLC-heavy gameplay.""But you don't need the DLC commanders to play, stop being a hater."" I hear you out there, stalking through the comments, waiting to get another person for their opinions.Well guess what? You need the DLC Commanders if you want something else aside from the M4A3 or the standard T-34/76.Want Brad Pitt's M4A3E8? (Well not really his but it's still an Easy Eight.) There's a commander for that. Want to command the Hetzer (German Turtle)? There's a commander for that.I may sound negative, so why am I still giving this game a thumbs up?--------Because this game still plays very well, playing against the AI shows a mixture of defense and offense.I get suprised by an enemy halftrack capping a point that I had left alone for a moment. I get starled even more when I find that they set up defenses to protect their flanks.My paratroopers dive in to support my armor. But the enemy flak gun has a STuG waiting close by.-----Another thing that saved this game for me? This guy right here.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=350031348Probably the most essential item for playing COH 2.Some like the game, others don't. I personally enjoy the small scale RTS genre. It's a breath of fresh air from games like Civilization and Hearts of Iron.Even if the reviews don't give the game any good qualities at all, there's no harm in trying it out anyway."
76561197970207277,Not Recommended,231430,35141651,Posted: 22 September,all,Korso,"I've played this for over 1000 hours, 99% of it in 4vs4 multiplayer.And now, the devs have abandoned this game.Game breaking bug exploit / cheat has been around for AT LEAST a couple of months. It has been reported multiple times at the official forums. It's been reported to the devs via email as well. And probably through all other channels.No official response whatsoever. No apparent attempts to fix it. And exploiters are completely ruining the multiplayer games.But hey, they added a skin pack for you to buy. Because f... fixes, right? Skins bring 'em money!Oh. Forgot to add. Some major bugs and design flaws have not been fixed/changed since the launch of this game. Which was YEARS ago.But hey, you can buy skins with your money, support the devs while they fiddle themselves.My message to you, devs: Garden you, flowers. Seriously. GARDEN YOU. This game is PUDDING.CoH players know what I mean.DON'T BUY THIS GAME. DON'T BUY ANYTHING ELSE FROM RELIC ENTERTAINMENT EITHER!You've been warned."
76561198038265814,Not Recommended,231430,12571189,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,TicketyBoo,"SEGA have made this game all about money, gone are the days where you could just buy a game and experience it wholly, now you have to pay for commanders (WTF) and simple skins to actually unlock a full game, pathetic."
,Not Recommended,231430,12999950,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Not Joppsta,"Ruined by DLC and walletrape by Sega, if you are a CoH fan then it's an obvious choice but they pretty much made Commanders purely walletrape cosmetics with more or less no real tactical differences and uniqueness like the previous game."
76561198015881150,Not Recommended,231430,13001503,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Tactical Ardvark,Ardenne assalt is a waste of money. 40+ dollars doesnt get you very much.
76561198134013477,Recommended,231430,32555806,Posted: 18 June,all,bootlegnewt,ill let my hours speak for themself. oh and get a realism mod.
,Recommended,231430,30780598,Posted: 27 March,all,Thanatos,"After playing this game since the beta in 2013, i got over thousand hours in it. Im a high rank player and can tell you the game is in quite good position now ( patches are from the community ) , so the half of the reviews about OP or UP factions are just a l2p issue of salty men.Its also everything except p2w, more then ever now with the ingame currency.I can understand the frustation tho , this game has gone a far way in terms of balancing and optimization.This game is very unique and a real RTS as it should be, there is no way around it.They are several tourneys going on even now.I can only recommend it after the long time, i had plenty of fun with it, in good and bad times"
76561197974262920,Not Recommended,231430,26369499,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Kael,"Great game, loved the first but the sheer volume of in game purchases are disgusting. Buy a new expansion? great but your not allowed to play that race in multiplayer... you need to buy it again... wtf is that crap? to get everything for this game, it would cost more than to buy 3 other games, and no i cant recommend as it simply isnt *that* good"
76561197968905439,Not Recommended,231430,7998584,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Matra,"Poorly balanced, repeatedly releasing (relatively) expensive new DLC commanders that often provide a significant advantage compared to vanilla ones.  A poor immitation of the original Company of Heroes."
76561197969496920,Not Recommended,231430,7802562,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Joe,"nickle and dimed by over priced DLC that should have been in the game.This BAD trend will end the big devs, I hope, and the small indies that listen to their consumers will reap the benefits.Long standing supporter of Relic, NO MORE."
76561198025492977,Not Recommended,231430,20948229,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Karmx,"dont get me wrong , i like this game , even though the first one was amaizing , what i dont like its the policy of the company these days , you are selling me an unfinish game and charging me way too much for things that supposed to be there , like the commanders and maps ... i dont care about the skins .. if a player wants his army to look better then pay for it .. but with commanders and maps you are reducing my game experience .. now do it as an expantion and all be good but 4 euros for a commander ?? come on .. and there are 8 or 9 to buy .. at the end you pay for the game 4 times its value ....another thing to take in notice is where is the other countries .. japan, italy,france,the resistance,canadians, i mean .. it was a world war ,  and the only army that you had add from company of heroes 1 its the russians .. in conclution be more creative , work a bit harder and charge  a bit less  and take care of the players who are buying your stuff ,that for the looks of it, is that you only want to make money no matter what"
,Not Recommended,231430,20753329,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Khan,"it's a known carcinogenSeriously though, there's no RTS out there that gives such an authentic WWII experience. Unfortunately, incompetent and rude devs, Pay2Win DLC, cancerous static emplacement based play (British DLC) and game breaking bugs (literally every patch introduces new bugs) plague the multiplayer which makes the experience quite bitter, most of time.In its current state, I wouldn't recommend this game to new players."
,Not Recommended,231430,17048095,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Casual,"Pains me, but as an avid player of COH 1, I just can't do it.Relic and SEGA are now on my♥♥♥♥♥♥list of devs.Why do I have so many hours? Cause I tried to give this game a chance since alpha. That's how much I love the series...I just wouldnt even bother, the game is such a mess its not even worth it."
,Not Recommended,231430,24988885,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Mr. Shibe,It is a great game and really fun to play with if you have other friends to play with too. I bought the MASTERS COLLECTION and I still need to pay for more things sold to enjoy the full experience. This game with its HUGE and VARIOUS microtransactions you need to PAY to have certain units played out in the field. I loved the Pershing and Calliope unit but they need to be bought. I played hard ladder back then in CoH 1. This game is still imbalance IMO. i'd rather play CoH 1 with the eastern front mod.Buy this game only when its 70% off (it happens a lot). Never buy this full price
76561198105185390,Recommended,231430,28240193,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,A walking Rainbow Six meme,"This game is one of, if not, the best Real Time Strategy game I've ever played. With Workshop support, plenty of user-created maps and mods and a ton of replay value, This game is awesome."
,Not Recommended,231430,12225062,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,[RG] Admiral Wu,"A tragically failure of the Company of Heroes series.Factions are unbalanced and have bugs come out of their ears. And if you check the changelog of the patch of this game, you real found that there is one faction have been weakened every single time and it is very rarely strengthened through the patch. You can go have a look for yourself.Plus the AI only have an average IQ of 20. Sometime when you ask them to move to certain place, they will deliberately pick the long way around even if there are more enemies to encounter. And sometimes they turn left and right, cant' decide which road to take.Another AI issue for example if you put your unit near an enemy unit which is not a threat to you, a building for example which can't shoot back. Without giving them order to attack, they will automatically attack that building. There is nothing wrong with that. But after that, if there is an enemy unit that come along which can be a threat to you, a tank for example, your units will NOT turn back an engage the threat and continue to attack the non-threat target unless you give the order, even though you didn't give the order to attack the non-threat to begin with.Also all AI players will eventually stop their movement if the game last for a while, let's say about half an hour. Making the game unendable. Because your allies will not attack and you will end up as the only player advancing to your enemy. And you will never beat your opponent due to the sheel number of your opponent. So far this bug has not been addressed.The Sega's approach to bug report is also an issue. Unlike the EA, your bug usually can be solved by a live chat on spot. The Sega support only offers contact through your Sega account by posting an issue directly to Sega technical support staff. They usually only respond you about once per day or 2. And they rarely solve your problem. Sometimes they ask me questions that I have explained twice in my previous posts. It almost feel like some kind of Phone Sex Text. Except they don't get your money based on each text. So why would they ask you questions that you have explained before is a mystery. Probably pretending that they are working on it, or probably they never worked on it and forgot what you have said earlier.I have been trying to find out a way to overcome issues like unbalance and stupid AI issues. So far, no luck.And many unethical practics in this game's making. For example, when I pre-ordered this game, they told me that if I pre-order the collector's edition, the future 3 threater of the war DLC will be free for me. But after game was released, they told us that they have changed their minds and only the first threater of the war DLC will be free and we have to pay for the rest like everyone else.Secondly, this game is a pay to win game to start with. In the earlier stage of this game, it advertise many different commanders who provide you different exotic units to use in the game. After you bought those, they suddenly turn this game into a mod friendly game, which everyone can make mods include ""All units mod"". Once again make you spend your money for nothing.Just check on the ""only negative review"" button and you will see there are clearly way many more players who gave this game a thumbs down than players who gave it a thumbs up.And as far as I know, the Sega have been paying people (mostly their employees) to give this game a better review. One evident to support my claim here is that if you check some of those people who have wrote a possitive review, they own no game but Company of Heroes 2. And some of them has no gaming hours or very few hours. And if you check their profile, some of them joined steam of this game's release and own no game but this, and in the same time they played very few hours of this game and wrote a very good review and then, they never come online on steam again, as if they only bought the game and registered steam account just to write their reviews."
76561198020048749,Recommended,231430,14539501,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Mr. Buffett,"Lets make 1 thing clear, I have currently over 900 hours of COH 2 logged so my review is serious and not from someone who tried it during 3 hours...This games is AMAZING, even after 900 freaking hours its still fun. It deserve more love. I played Starcraft: brood wars for multiple years, I was very good at it. Same for Warcraft 3. I played a fair amount of time of Starcraft 2 as well but COH 2 really did put Starcraft 2 in the trash for me if we talk of the same era of time.It's more funMore tacticalMore intenseA good games against opponent of the same level can last 1 hourMore new (yeah sc2 is way too much like sc1 and i played enough year of it, why they did not made something more refreshing..)I will play this game until COH 3 come out even if it take 8 years, just like Brood war did it.Most of the bad reviews about this game been made during the early days of the come out with the bugs etc. This game keep getting patched and balanced after 2 years. Its completely another game now in term of game play.You can now get the hand on this game when it is in sale for about 10$ If you love RTS. It will be the best 10$ invested ever. Dont forget to pick up the extension at the same time while it is in sale.See you in the game and good luck :PAnswers to comments:For those who said it's more than 10$ investment on this game. Well... I mentionned 10$ because it is the entry price to play the game. Obviously if you enjoy the game you will want to add more faction but once again when it is on sale WFA which include 2 faction is only 5$.You can even just buy WFA for 5$ to try this nice game since its a stand alone. That's amazingly cheap for what you get.Relic are not stupid, they know that if you try the game and love RTS you will love it and buy the new content when they come out. at only a 20% discount like the new British faction comming out in 1 month. Thats how they make their money.I just pre-ordered the British faction myself, i could have wait 6 months to get it on sale of 50-75% but i think the 10$ entry price for it is fair. They keep the game up to date with new content.I have bought 2 commander at about 1.25$ each before they implemented the War spoils system. I have no plan to buy more commanders. I play a fair enough amount of time to hope to get the one im missing from the war spoils. The commander that are not included are not stronger anyway, they are just adding content to a nice game.Someone who would want everything to maximize his fun would only need the 5 faction (the fifth will be out in september 2015) and i'm sure that at the xmas sale 2015, buyin all of them will be 20$. We are no way near the exagaration as some people may have mentionned in their review. If these guys cant afford to pay 20$ for full content, they should just play free to play game like Dota. Who cares of skins anyway, they dont make the games more fun and the you can still get them from war spoils drops."
76561198091879535,Not Recommended,231430,17280548,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,♔Emperor♔,"The game is good, I personaly don't like the tank's HP bar, it kinda ruins the immersion for me. The DLC's are just plain robery, do not buy them!!!"
76561198007099913,Not Recommended,231430,11709679,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Herr Ritterkommandant Rahl,"Revision for post release of Commonwealth Forces (British):Company of Heroes 2 continues to be a money grab and if it wasn't for the fact that as a heavy beta tester that I receive most of the content for free I wouldn't spend time other than to get the achievements. Since the last three major updates, the game still goes through massive ring around the nerf hammer which hits Axis forces more often than Allied forces which means if you were looking to play as Axis a lot, prepare to be dissapointed in most logical situations.There is no historical balance or logic to the combat mechanics of the game and instead relies heavily on an RNG mechanic for ""to hit"" ""damage dealt"" ""cover saves"" and ""armor saves"" which means even if your unit is incapable of realistically damaging the target, chances are you still can and vice versa.A great example of this is dedicated anti-tank units and self propelled guns taking multiple hits to destroy light vehicles, normally the same for all units regardless of vehicle class. IE: Jagdpanther Veterancy 5 can hit a light scout car and deal only 50% of its hp threshold in damage yet on a frontal armour penetration against a T-34/85 it can deal almost 60%. Logical? Not in the slightest.If you play against the AI, it has access to all doctrines at the same time but does a very good job of hiding this unless you pay attention to the globals it uses. For example the Russian AI will almost always have access to Propaganda Artillery Strikes even if the Commander they use doesn't have access to it. When playing against the AI, it's recommended you use one of the ""All Unit"" mods which at least make the game somewhat fair and balanced.When playing competitively, it's best to just do smaller player counts because most factions are not balanced on late tier games seen in 3v3s and 4v4s in which certain factions are punished heavily such as the USForces only having one premium doctrine that has a heavy tank compared to all the OKW and Heer having access to multiple heavy tanks regardless of doctrine.Certain units are still bugged such as the crewing and recrewing of abandoned units on certain maps will result in the unit disappearing and being unable to be commanded, destroyed, or pulled out of combat. While rare, it's still in the game and it was a problem since beta two years ago. Tanks still can't aim on elevation which means if you want to really♥♥♥♥♥♥someone off, go up a hill and shoot down, 90% of all shots unless the player decides to manually control will go straight into the ground right in front of said vehicle.Only buy this game when it is on sale for 60-80% off. If you are smart, don't buy any of the DLC unless it's 75% off or more. There is occasional free commanders at different times of the year so if you are patient, you can rack up some decent ones in addition to random drops. (Which don't even give you drops to your faction half the time.)"
,Not Recommended,231430,18157180,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Cremius,So you paid for the game? Good! Because you had only just begun...
76561198196692127,Recommended,231430,17685426,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,fu,"""Our PPSH's are here, now even Yuri can hit someone""10/10"
76561197982704567,Recommended,231430,21972381,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Luvnest,"Best RTS out there right now, with a lovely community behind it. Don't be discouraged by the amount of DLC,the game itself is more than worth it. It has a perfect balance in terms of needed micro suited for both competitive and casual players. I recommend the base game and the additional factions (WFA: OKW, US and UKF)."
76561198078589306,Not Recommended,231430,19170553,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Tankus T,"Personally it feel incomplete for some reason(due to content and stuff and constant asking players to buy) Server is unstable and lack of lan make the game hard to play with players that cause the game  and constant bug out .. campaign is bad and racial in the way that playing as the red army is just killing for fun .. if without the mods l think this is bad in a way that u will feel ""bored"" after some online games and etc"
,Not Recommended,231430,29936051,Posted: 14 February,all,shadow11827,"I tried to like it. I really tried. But there were just too many poor design decisions. So first I shall start with the most objective: The multiplayer is exceptionally poorly balanced to account for the commanders they want you to buy with real money (about $3 each). To unlock a commander you need 12,000 points. To have a chance at getting 500 points, or a random commander, or a vehicle skin you need to earn 6,000 experience. To get experience you need to play a multiplayer match or skirmish (1500xp for playing + 500xp for winning each) So to have that chance at obtaining 1/24th of a relevant commander you need to either win 3 matches or lose 4 matches. You see why this could be problematic? This means that to unlock ONE commander you need to play a minimum of between 72 and 96 matches. For every commander. For a game you paid money for.""But supposing I don't want to use those fancy commanders, surely a strategy game would depend more on one's strategic ability?""You'd think that wouldn't you? As it turns out the answer is 'no.' Now this part might vary for you as I am definitely not a good strategist however it became immediately apparent that of the two factions you are given in the vanilla game, The Soviets and the Wehrmacht Ostheer, the Russians are inferior in nearly every aspect. Theoretically they are supposed to dominate the early game which might have been true when this game first was released but now they merely dominate the morgue. The initial moments of the game usually involve sending out conscripts to get resources and to die from machine gun fire. To deal with the machine gun you either send a sniper team and have them die from wandering too close to said machine gun on account of not being able to see the gun due to the sight radius conveniently being barely outside the machine gun’s range, or you try to flank with conscripts and remember bolt action rifles are only slightly more effective than spitting in their face, or you send in a scout car with flamethrowers and have the basic german infantry fire a Panzerfaust at the apparently tin foil engine, or you grab a mortar and wait for them to die of old age while you announce your waste of manpower, or you ignore the one MG to try and cap everything else to find he used his engineers/grenadiers to cover all his other points with machine gun bunkers and kill you, or you can attempt to throw a Molotov and get shot because apparently the only guy who knows how to throw one was in absolute dire need of a nap and decided to take it right when you ordered him, alternatively finding out that its tiny area of effect damage over time merely tickles the now repositioned machine gun team. But eventually you figure something out and dislodge the MG to advance and run into Panzergranadiers which are superior to all of your infantry in every way. You don’t even get automatic weapons outside of commander specializations while these assault rifle wielding ubersoldatten can be upgraded with panzershreks and kill half your tanks in two hits. Meanwhile, it takes a dedicated Soviet anti tank gun 9+ shots to annoy a panther heavy tank. That’s not even mentioning the dlc factions.I uhhh… should probably stop now. You get the idea. Its bad. Don’t get it."
76561198030245978,Recommended,231430,25611994,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,BrowncoatTrekky,"Strategy is involved. The workshop has some great maps, and the AI let alone multiplayer is fun. Smarter buy when on sale. DLCs add a varietability you will enjoy after campaign mode and several AI matches. I would argue while slightly slower in resource collection game plays out like SC2 with strategy and once you have a firm grasp on your factions build, multiplayer will become less enjoyable and more like a math problem. That being said; the house to house battles are fun and if you are a WWII buff or history major, you will find an appreciation for this game."
76561197986876154,Not Recommended,231430,31544057,Posted: 4 May,all,Mech__Warrior,"Don't ever get this game for the multiplayer. The microtransactions are toxic because you need to buy doctrines in order to get anywhere in the multiplayer, the maps suck, and the nerfs in the past patches have removed much of the teeth from the Soviets. I regret the $20 I spent for the game while it was on sale, then the $40 to have the doctrines to be viable in multiplayer."
,Recommended,231430,20662648,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,CookiezNcreem,"This game has given me 3 years of joy, even with its flaws. I just cant seem to put it away in favor of other games.It has been my game of choice since the night of release in june 2013, and I dont see that changing anyitme soon.To address common issues:The balance can be bad, but only at the highest levels. Before that point, its a matter of learning how to play.The bugs can be NotLikeThis FeelsBadMan too, but for the most part relic is currently actively working on or has fixed alot of them, there are no game breaking bugs at the moment.The game is still regularly patched, so if there are issues they are usually fixed.The optimization, well dont play on a potato and you should be fine. I never had an issue with optimization. During my first year and a half of play, I played on a ♥♥♥♥in' potato laptop and I had to run the game on minimum. I got a job, bought a computer that didnt suck, and I can run the game on high just fine. I can even play on maximum/highest if I want to sacrifice some frames.You'll likely have to run the game on medium- minimum settings if you want perfect FPS, or if your computer isnt the best. To be honest, the game on minimum still has beautiful visuals. Especially in comparison to other RTS games.  Its critically acclaimed company of heroes at its core, after all.Matchmaking is bad you say? Play during european hours an you should have no problems finding games at your level and in a timely manner. Your first 10 games will likely be ♥♥♥♥♥♥ because they're placement matches to find your play-level. Just stick with it and learn. Coh2 was my first online RTS, and I'd say im doing pretty fine nowadays, even though I struggled out the gate.The campaign was released 3 years ago. So if it still hurts your feelings, and you're a compstomp scrub, L2P multiplayer already. I can help you. just add me.TOW is not updated, and was basically dropped.however if you insist on being a comp stomp n00b then modding is fun, if youre into it.Ardeneess assault i wouldve given a 3/10 for its cost a year or so ago, but since its much cheaper now its a fun playthorugh for what it costs.All in all, coh2 is a solid 9/10 would play again. Almost 5k hours and counting now, and like I said, to this day I've still not found  game i'd rather play over it. Hands down the best RTS out there, especialyl for those that like WWII(including me)"
76561198088814131,Not Recommended,231430,8251090,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,RUKAclGentleman,"Terrible regress after classic vCoH...An excellent example when the sequel, made by other team, is a way to lose franchise. They have worsened every part of strategy: slow animation, awful generals system insipde of classic doctrines, pointless levels (ranks) and absolutely random survival of the squads...Do you remember fast flankings, do you remember few mg's covering each other, the power of infantry, excellent explosion's graphics? All is lostEverything they had to do was to make a simple ""mod"" with new units, new doctrines, not changed engine and new maps.They made clickable cartoon."
76561198063345202,Not Recommended,231430,22405041,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Zulu,"Well where to start,I have been playing the game since release and it was brilliant to start with however the developers have simply began to spiral out of control with every faction added, no clue how to balance the game anymore every patch or new commanders they release seem to break the games balance even further.Remember the times when the game was all about skill actually using tactics and using your brain ? Gone are those days the majority of games you play is a horde of 4 infantry squads upgraded with weapons being attack moved across the map which leads to a very dull game that gets boring quick .Matchmaking has become diabolical constantly matched with team mates who are very new to the game so get crushed within 5minutes then preceed to leave and on that rare occasion you do get put against someone of the same rank they just exploit flaws in the games balance to troll to victory.Relic in my opinion has a absolutely gem of a game here the fact they don't listen to the community or play the game themselves online is whats killing the community and the game unfortunately will drive off the most dedicated players for good,  they have the chance to turn it around in the next 3-4 months but after that I see this game being more of a hindrence to them while they work on there next project."
76561198088956464,Not Recommended,231430,17007319,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Sitatop,"Cant give this game a thumbs up until they balance teamgames and matchmaking.The gameplay really varies, sometimes its very fun while being challenging at the same time, and other times you get teamed up with noobs (not even 50 hrs total playtime) and lose brutally because of that. This happens especially with the allies since almost all of the more experienced players choose the axis factions (because they have units and abilities that really overperformes compared to the allied conterparts), left on the allied side are only the newbies that have barely played the game.Yes, I know, this game can be really awesome at times (by far best RTS game I have played), but these two things I mentioned makes the multiplayer experience... not so good. You will often be screaming out of rage because of the numerous imbalance issues the game has."
76561198039463406,Not Recommended,231430,32144662,Posted: 2 June,all,Shinzou O Sasageyo,Its not a terrible game but the blatant greed of the devs and reliance on apm over strategy make it fall short of what id like to see.
,Not Recommended,231430,8031521,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Aidsvlek,Game had great potential but was sadly ruined as it became victim to pay to win DLC shortly after it was released.
76561198006997458,Recommended,231430,30026440,Posted: 18 February,all,The Duke of Sternutation,"Company of Heroes 2 is a great game, however, SEGA's dlc practices are really bad. The Commanders System is almost like a semi-p2w system at times, as certain store commanders may be better than some of the commanders you get from purchasing the base game. It's not a huge difference, but it really should not be like this. With that being said, the game's combination of tactics, unit diversity of the factions and gameplay mechanics make it one of the most addicting modern RTS games. The cover system in particular deserves praise, and playing MP is fun as hell.Pros-Graphics.GameplayCover System.Cons-No singleplayer campaign for the Brits.DLC practices.By the way, what's with all the 'We need Chinese' reviews?"
76561197998136902,Not Recommended,231430,16458441,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Winzier,"Wait what rank am I? Rank 200 star, chevron, prestige 1-5,0000?Yeah okay. Take the leaderboard away and replace them with some junky system that makes absolutely no sense. I'll hold out.Throw away the Company of Heroes vanilla ranking system. Okay I'll hold out.Have the community create a leaderboard for you. Lazy lazy Relic. I'll hold out.I'M JUMPING OUT OF A PLANE IN THIS AWESOME NEW VIDEO. I'll hold out.Buy the Western Frouuuuhn....er Ardennes Assault. That was a quick transition. Couldn't even enjoy the expansion release before the focus shifted to single player. I'll hold out.10% of players play the Allies. Okay I'll hold out.Endure game after game of clunky balances between the teams. I'll hold out2015. The ranking system is still complete trash, the Allies are barely played (I wonder why >.>), the U.I is trash, you can for some reason buy commanders for $3.99 TROLOLOLO.Maybe if you enjoy getting your @$$ rammed you'll play this. Vanilla folks just let go this isn't the game you want."
,Not Recommended,231430,14862124,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Dan,"I want so badly to enjoy this game, but the developer's ignorance or incomeptence ruins it.Recommendation: DO NOT BUY.Pros:Sounds the US rocket plane call-in makes. PSHEW PSHEW PSHEW!Cons:It's 2015 and still no customizeable hotkeys. I have to use the keyboard arrow keys to pan the camera but all the hotkeys are around WASD. I have lost so many units from trying to panic retreat/backwards move and misclicking right next to the on-screen button causing the unit to be deselected. I refuse to download some third-party application to remap the keys just for this game.It's 2015 and still no mute button for in-game chat or pings. There's way too many toxic asshats that play this game and I don't want to hear their BS.Team weapons will randomly get stuck as in they freeze and refuse all orders until something kills them. I reported this bug over a year ago. No fix. It breaks the game so badly.Every once in awhile you'll hear a really loud gunshot noise that will scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you. Most likely sound buffer corrupting from the memory leak.The developers publicly stated on one of their streams that they do NOT balance the game towards 3on3 and 4on4. To me, the game is 4on4. And it's an unbalanced cluster♥♥♥♥.Walking stukas.Panzershrecks.Allies aren't allowed to have nice things.Matchmaking is a joke.The game crashes regularly.The game is a memory hog with a blatant memory leak (probably the reason for most of the crashes). Windows cries tears of joy after exiting the game as it can take a couple minutes for it to reclaim RAM.This game is unnecessarily CPU heavy. I get roughly the same 30-40 fps at the lowest possible graphic settings vs high settings. It could probably benefit greatly from GSync/FreeSync and DX12/Vulkan.Whoever thought that blizzards were a good idea should be ashamed.If you don't like micro hell, do not buy this game."
76561197974038519,Not Recommended,231430,32150437,Posted: 3 June,all,Dis,Horrible DLC policies ruin what would otherwise be a good game.
76561198010822441,Not Recommended,231430,7772952,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,DPRKappa,"* P2win multiplayer business model (after paying trip A title price for full game, turns out not to be a full game) plz pay for missing units. trololol* So So Co-op, but no public custom game lobby support* Lacking features* bad color contrasts* badly optimized + slow unit response times* lacking strategic depthmaybe worth $20 at best in its current state"
76561198005317126,Not Recommended,231430,8014415,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,fifteenracing,Not a bad game at all. Some big technical improvements over the original. Somehow the original still a lot more fun to play.
76561197970471370,Not Recommended,231430,8099806,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Hayek,"Not worth full price.  Buy on sale.  Bit of pay to win going on.Loved the first one, not so much this one.Some nice additions, line of sight is nice, weather conditions make it more interesting.  But significant balance issues.  Commander choice is bland and often not significant.  Most players are just going to build one or two types of units and spam a special call in.An observation, the developers seem really keen on making this accessible to the e-sport community, but it feels to have a detrimental effect on the game over all. It feels as if they want the matches to be over in 12 minutes. To but it bluntly the developer seems to want to make the game competitive but this does not necessarily mean engaging.I am waiting for a significant DLC before I decide if I am going to uninstall.As is, I recommend you buy this if its $30 or less."
76561198028340285,Not Recommended,231430,8240999,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,AllThisD,"nothing compared to the first installment. dont buy unless its on sale, and like 80-90% off"
76561197995280304,Not Recommended,231430,23461003,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Toaster,The original CoH under THQ was fantastic.Sega got their grubby little hands on it and turned the franchise into a cash grab.RIP CoHRIP DoWRIP Relic
,Not Recommended,231430,17342965,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,tadhg burk,I love this game dont get me wrong but I highly recommend dont get it until the dlc is all complete i mean i played the battles fine but the menu the menu takes up lots of data for no reason.It took me half an hour just to get to the multiplayer lobby so i just play skirmish.
76561198008095364,Not Recommended,231430,7983892,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Cpt.Texas,"Although they did make good changes that were missing in the first COH, it feels too rough, blocky, and confined. I did not enjoy it as much as the first, so i would skip this one if I didn't already buy it."
76561197980162705,Not Recommended,231430,35002627,Posted: 16 September,all,Kopp,could be a great game but balancing is not that great and the price policy is a rip off...sadly i cant recommend...
76561198029080683,Not Recommended,231430,8000883,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,KuzKombain,"Informational Aggression=Brain Wash=I regret that i bought it.  (ENG)Informacionnaya Agressiya=Promivanie mozgov=Kupil, zheleu'. (RU)P.S. Bye Relic..."
,Not Recommended,231430,8285157,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Liquid,"A game that does not known how to evolve. Various devices that were successful in the first game, are not present in this sequence. There is a clear lack of communication between creators and consumers of this game. Community of users ask for certain items that already existed in the original game such as public lobbies. Even with the numerous requests from users, the creators did not heed the simple requests making it difficult to developments focused on what the public wants. It is with great regret that I can not recommend this game. It is better to play the first instead of this company."
,Not Recommended,231430,8007122,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,|NRAC| Spike,"While I was initially excited about a sequel to one of the best RTS games of all time. I found this release a little lackluster with a constant feeling that the changes over the first title( more focus on combat, more focus on tech progression)  really were leaving me feel that the developers were always taking one step forward and two steps back. I suggest the first title for a fantastic RTS experience for a lower cost."
76561198044478063,Not Recommended,231430,12631683,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Bloocrusader,This game is so imbalnaced it's utterly laughable. The ratio of axis players to allied players averages 1:4 in the match making. Not to mention that it has a F-ton of DLC
76561198034525914,Not Recommended,231430,12854675,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Got Baking Soda? #Dicks Out,"Just as the Germans succumbed to Colonel Winter in 1942, you will succumb to Colonel Lag who plagues the Fifth Army with latency issues so you can't issue any orders. High Command forgot to get Dedicated Servers so enjoy playing a game where RTS means nothing and it comes down to who has the best connection and is closest to the server."
76561198011478209,Not Recommended,231430,11891667,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,CPU - Hell on Earth,"Sadly this game is a failure if it wants to be a competitive RTS game. A small amount of RNG in strategy games can be good, but it feels like a board game where a dice is rolled EVERY TIME a unit does something. You basically have zero control over the game. If a unit feels like it, he will hit tanks/infantry. If the unit drank too much the night before, he will act like someone who never had proper training. I've played more than 200matches and I still have no idea why cant we have any damage or hp numbers on the Wiki. No specific information is given about what covers do in terms of + and - defense. How much is the penalty for a moving thing to hit another? You have no idea what the f*ck your soldiers can or cant do. Oh and if you think you know what your toddlers are capable of, the RNG was just favorable. I had games were a single conscript squad killed nearly 2 pioneers in close range. and i had games were these conscripts were eaten alive by just 1. AND THE CURCUMSTANCES WERE TOTALLY THE SAME.In an RTS you need to rely on information. In this game, you have nothing. There are also bulletins which increase certain stats but sice you dont know the basic stats, they are worthless.And the Imbalances thats units have, oh man. Dont get me started on that one.Btw I have no idea why did this game ended up like this.Modders made the Blitzkrieg mod and it was glorious. It still had some rng, but it was just SOME, not the ENTIRE GAME.All it was needed was some god damn matchmaking system, and it would have been good to go.Now they are pulling more money with these ""new factions"" becasue they know their game wont make any on its own because its garbage. This game will never reach the competitive scene, or be something other than a game on a really bad LAN party. They ♥♥♥♥ed up. BAD. And they are still hosting events and other♥♥♥♥♥♥ to cover up the games massive faults.Well time to go back to COH1 and other REAL RTS games.Dont waste your time and money on this guys. ITS A TRAP!!!"
76561198002401181,Not Recommended,231430,17347363,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Gaunt,"COH 2 is a multiplayer game, the campaign is not even worth mentioning. In its core it is probably the best RTS out there, but the balance patches messed it up and made it into a blob/spam fest. It is an RTS in which luck plays a very big part, as your units can score critical hits with various effectiveness. Overall I find the game frustrating and not fun."
76561197983999598,Not Recommended,231430,12630082,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Apocapants,"A visually beautiful game with many interesting units and exciting gameplay, but multiplayer has some serious balance issues that don't seem to be addressed.Almost all of the heavy tanks are on the German side, and the couple of heavy tanks available for allies are doctrinal only and easily defeated by even medium armor. What it means is a much higher level of skill needed to play as allies, while Germans need only to survive into the late game in order to obtain tanks and faceroll everything.When matchmaking, Relic shows the percentage of players waiting in line for each side. I rarely see over 40% allies, and it is often even 5% allies and 95% Germans. It makes for frustrating gameplay and ultimately let to me uninstalling this game.I'll give it a shot again once the next patch is released, but with how long this game has been released for I would expect such a basic issue to be resolved.And I didn't even get into the pay to win issues around buying commanders..."
76561198011296827,Recommended,231430,20392597,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Carnifex,"If you're not familiar with Company of Heroes, the game focuses more on combat and tactics and marginalizes base building. So, the game feels more faster paced and there's a lot of action.  The graphics and sounds are also great; it's awesome seeing a Tiger Tank obliterate everything.The gameplay is excellent and the community is very active.  The developer Relic has also been supporting the game since the game's release in 2013.Unfortunately, the total cost of the game and DLC are way overpriced, but the base game and the DLC go on sale often. If you like RTS it's definitely worth it for 75% off.There are commanders you can also buy, or things that give your more strategic options. I'm not a fan of this... in my opinion DLC should be limited to only expansions and cosmetics, not things that let you buy more stategic options. You can also get these commanders in drops like in TF2 of CS:GO, but it takes a long time.However, most of the active playerbase agrees that the commanders are not pay to win and you can do just fine with the default commanders.If you're interested in picking it up, you should check out the Reddit buyer's guide because it's confusing to know what you might want to get.https://www.reddit.com/r/CompanyOfHeroes/wiki/buyguide**TL;DR: Pick it up if you like RTS; It's an excellent game that a lot of people love despite having a questionable business model.**I'll be playing this one for awhile!"
76561198283434670,Not Recommended,231430,28528263,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,dercular,赶紧 出个中文包吧
76561198016910484,Not Recommended,231430,7842810,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Pizzoff,"Half finnished product with tons of annoying updates in true Relic/SEGA style (don't give your customers a finnished-product-style). No way close to Company of Heroes 1, and they try to sell extra DLC packages that makes the product even worse.Stay away. Disappointment of the year 2013!!!"
,Not Recommended,231430,1046843,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Killerfurby,looks awesome.. but balance clearly favors only germans... no public anihilation mode... looks like they removed all the good features of the original just to make a small group of vp automatch players happy... biggest fail of a company i have seen in all my gaming years...lets take this as an example how to ruin an awesome franchise the fastest way!!
,Not Recommended,231430,8187215,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Cynical Cheese Cake,"Company of Heroes 2 is just a former shadow of its predecessor, Company of Heroes 1. While one could argue that this isnt a remake of CoH1 which is true, however, CoH2 is lacks in content of its predecessor while the game felt dumb downed in so many ways where the Command Tree from CoH1 has been replaced with a system that is similar to Call of Duty's perks system. Rusians felt like a reskinned version of America from the first game in some ways. The campaign is not as fun as the previous game as it felt like the entire campaign is just a lengthy tutorial as the game does not seemed to trust you with its arsenal, unlike its predecessor.To make things worse, Sega decided to fill the game with microtrasactions that are pretty costly that ranges from harmless cosmetic skins for vehicles to paid only commander with new units and abilities where you only can obtain it by paying your hard earned money. There isnt any way to unlock these content by playing the game. Unfortunately, this game felt like it is the paid version of Company of Heroes Online with all these microtrasactions. To make things even worse, Sega decides to hide these microtrasactions from the Steam Store while you only can find these microtrsactions inside the game, just like an In-App Purchase (IAP) in a mobile game. The only microtransactions that Sega did correctly were the DLC content packs such as Case Blue where these packs provides some pretty decent new solo and coop missions into the game. One could argue that these content are optional but having these microtrasactions are a notion by major publishers to put more and more paywall into game content to encourage gamers to pay more for lesser content.As a conclusion, buyers beware. If you are looking for a multiplayer RTS, look elsewhere. If you are a predominantly single player RTS gamer, Company of Heroes 2 might give you a decent experience. As a Relic game fan, Company of Heroes 2 is a disappointment as this isnt the Company of Heroes sequel that most are looking for but a cynical attempt by Sega to include questionable IAPs into the game that were abused heavily on mobile. I thought Dawn of War 2 was average at best, but seemed like Relic has made Company of Heroes 2 even worse than Dawn of War 2.I highly recommend one to get Company of Heroes 1 Complete Edition instead, then, get the Eastern Front mod to play as Rusians. Alternatively, get World in Conflict with Soviet Assault expansion or get the latest installment from the Wargame series if you want a more realistic tactical RTS.EDIT: Here are the links to the in-game DLC store page that can be accessed from the game.http://store.steampowered.com/sale/Company_of_Heroes_2_Vehicle_Camouflages/http://store.steampowered.com/sale/Company_of_Heroes_2_Commanders/"
,Not Recommended,231430,23443335,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Newikovfefe,This game's community is lower than League of Legends x Minecraft.
76561197964688987,Not Recommended,231430,190585,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Ghastly Gannet,"Everybody is ♥♥♥♥ing complaining. I say wait until it dies down at least, then getting another opinion from someone you can absolutely trust to be unbiased. Until then, paying for this game may not be a smart idea."
76561198086337516,Recommended,231430,26631529,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,WelshWolf,Overall a not to bad game. there are some units that are overpowerd but the devs are slowly working with the community tot fix this. The only downside to this game is there is a hell of alot of DLC and in game purchases needed. Wait till sale then grab the master collection :)
76561198007705355,Not Recommended,231430,8000413,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,svlbig,"Garbage game with messed up quasi historical compaign, which is poor researched and doesnt correspond to reality.Core gameplay has been dumbed down, and the game feels half done, didnt expect this to be such a dissapointment."
76561197988199759,Not Recommended,231430,25511363,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Hawk(AUT),"They ruined the Great COH, simply because this full price title feels like a free to play Mod with lots of Buy stuff options. I personally hate it when i buy a full price title and get swarmed by Ads, enchancing me to buy overpriced stuff. This is not CS GO and never will be, there will be no similar ""market value"". The actual Status of this game is ... not worth the Price, not even on sale.Sad though, that the core basics of the game are actually not bad, ideas, gameplay and graphics have a good and solid foundation, for me personaly, it just seems the developers got wayy too greedy with it.sorry to sayhave fun, greets"
76561198180279825,Not Recommended,231430,28090026,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,PenguinInTheMist,"An absolutely amazing game with a thriving community of modders and map makers.Sadly, the game is marred severely by it's Pay-locked ""DLC"" content. You literally have to pay real money for the right to use content you already paid for.The base game consists of a weak, single story campaign and an online mode which locks 3/5 factions behind an absolute pay wall, while letting you select them as A.I. just to pound home the fact that the content is hatcheted out with a bent, rusty cleaver.Beyond the base content, the main things of import are these 3 factions. Factions for which you must pay more than $10 each. Factions which are already in the game and should have been present from the base game. Factions which add the basic amount of content required to justify the basic cost of the game.This is dispicable and untolerable. Even should it be that this decision was not made by Relic, they made the decision to go through with it. It would have been far better to have canceled the game, terminated their contract with SONY and started work on a new I.P.It really is a shame too, since the rest of the game shows they are good at this. Even if they can't be arsed to give the modding community the ability to upload their own 3D models..."
,Recommended,231430,32724424,Posted: 24 June,all,Mhillow,Great game Horrible amount of DLCsi dont know how people can say Company of heroes 1 is better that game is super clunky and the ui is bad
,Not Recommended,231430,29406444,Posted: 21 January,all,le saucisson masqué,"Awesome game concept, most of the game mechanics from coh 1 have been taken and put back in a more recent game.however, don't except to get a funny game online because of the balance.A dlc policy from the game developper RELIC COMPANY made the balance completely rubish. Most of your victories and defeat are because you didn't chose the few meta commander or the overpowered faction in the current patch.Relic has completely given up on the support of its game, 3 years after its release and is now focusing on its new game DOW3 which force me to tell you to save your money.the game won't become better and currently, it's really not enjoyable online, even against AI (which is completely dumb and rely only on cheat to gives a bit of challenge).Better wait for IRON HARVEST, or get MEN OF WAR : ASSAULT SQUAD 2 which is less casual but far more enjoyable in long term.If you still decide to buy this game, i wish you good luck and hope you won't get disapointed too fast."
,Not Recommended,231430,977248,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,{Ez0} Tailz,"eh... what did they do to this game??? Please fix the OP german forces who were clearly running for there lives out of Russia in WW2. If your going to make this game historicaly correct even to tiny degree... you need to re-work many aspects of the game... very very disapointed and I want my money back!!!Just to add to this review, the devs seem to keep the game unbalanced and the commander idea is just bad...Best line I have heard about CoH2...""i mean if i can get up and make a samich while my Panther/Tiger Tank/ PZ4 kills everything while the poor Russian guy has to build 10123123 troops just to attempt to kill 1 vehicle without any form of resource bonus then whats the point?"""
,Not Recommended,231430,17283697,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,[HEAT]Penetralia13,After playing this game for so many years i d say stay away from this game. Game devs at each patch change the game causing horrible balance. Matchmaking has always been horrible. If you want to spend your time and dont care about winning or loosing go for it. If you are a true gamer enthusiast stay away from this horribly balanced game.
76561198036325770,Not Recommended,231430,15100812,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Klaus Kinski,"the game is good and by now there is many new content in the game but if you want 1 new commander you gotta pay 4€, absolute disgrace greedy company, a ♥♥♥♥ing commander should cost like 1€ at max... this is just redicoulous greed at this point... im speechless.. also they are not on discount even if the all the other content of the game is for -75% O.o"
,Not Recommended,231430,8749115,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Dushka,Proably the only game that you have to buy to play it and pay more to buy commanders to win
76561197981159678,Not Recommended,231430,16282366,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Dr Strangelove,"When COH 2 first came out the excitment was obvious, the hype was vast and the expectations were heavy. After a fairly promising start however the game has been mutilated by the developers who constantly react to community moaning and groaning - for example: ""the T 34 is much better than my panzer IV!"" (what a surprise, its meant to be; and historically was the better vehicle) This then leads to nerfing and counter nerfing of practically every unit in the game, not to mention the horde of DLC commanders that add content which probably should have been in the game since its release. Therefore do yourselves a favour and do not buy this game on principle, instead turn your sights to the far more satisfying and realistic Men of War series, namely Assault Squad 2, this will provide you with hundreds of units and vehicles that actually play as they should and are not nerfed on a daily basis by the developer. An absolute shame as its predecessor was one of the best RTS games ever concieved for the PC."
,Not Recommended,231430,33874006,Posted: 28 July,all,Aduna,"Company Heroes 1 (the predecessor to the is game) was, and maybe still is, one of the best RTS games of all time.Company of Heroes 2 has the potential to be even better.  Both games share the following: a game not centered around base building, or swarming/zerging units, but tactical positioning of individual units.  A smaller, well played, or in good position force, can easily defeat a larger force. Good use and skillful employ of mico is rewarded, and it's more than just pressing a units special ability the right time, but also smart use of cover, engaging and disengaging at the right time, correct use line of sight and ranged units, manipulations of counter units, careful resource management, etc.  The are few games that use the retreat mechanic like Company of Heroes 1/2, and well made use of it will have battles ebbing and flowing the whole match.  Any minor skirmish loss can become a game win in the long run, if you play well.  Resource management is also extremely well done, and is played out on the map level, with key resources in constant contention the whole game.  At high levels of play, it's not at all uncommon to have a cheek clenching, nail biting game that can go either way, straight down the last few seconds of play.  Finally, for added measure the different factions are not just the same factions reskinned, but genuinely different, and play differently, offering  large degree of variation in abilities and strategies, and general replayability.  All of what I described above was in Company Hereos 1, Company of Heroes 2 takes all that, and adds to it some small additional features such as visual upgrades, an improved (or different line of sight system), snow/weather effects, and even an additional faction.…so why is this review negative? The reason is, Sega/Relic added a horribly grinding, rng perk system in Company of Heroes 2 that rewards you with some objectively “more powerful” abilities and/units.  Of course, the grind, which isn’t meant to be done by any normal person through normal play, can be avoided through micro-transactions.  Now, if you buy this game for solo play, or just to skirmish the AI, or co-op and comp stomp with your friends, your money cannot be better spent.  However, if you value PvP, or the on-line competitive scene of an RTS, in my opinion, the micro-transactions make this game a hard pass.  You can’t disable them, so you will never be able to stop some random dude from having some kind of minor advantage over you in what would otherwise be a tight, intense, balanced match. It’s a horrible design, and it just destroys competitive rankings and tournaments.  I used to play very competitively in Company of Heroes 1 on-line and had an exceptionally high rank, and I never once played an on-line game in Company of Heroes 2 for the reason I stated.  Company of Heroes 2 is a great game for solo and co-op play, and as such I’d recommend it to all my friends and I don’t regret my purchase at all, however, because on-line PvP is such a staple of RTS games, I simply can’t recommend it positively given it’s current game design."
76561198008341131,Recommended,231430,23980515,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,RangerJoe,"Wonderful RTS game with spectacular visuals. One of the most popular games with my friends and I.5 Factions (With DLC), Soviets, Amaricans, British, and 2 groups of Nazi called Wehrmacht and Oberkommando. All play different with strengths and weaknesses, and with quite good historical accuracy. Units range from Infantry, Mortar teams, Snipers, Machine gun crews, Light vehicles, multiple kinds of Tanks, and Artillery.For you WW2 buffs out there, or just RTS fans ready for a fast paced, action filled fight, this is your game."
76561197977430765,Not Recommended,231430,29941558,Posted: 15 February,all,X1Alpha2,"I really love this game, im a huge coh fan. But like the first game they totally destroyed this one with their patches. It was nearly perfected balanced, but then they intruduced the brits and like in coh 1 they same faction broke the game. This company does not learn from its mistakes or it doesnt care as long they get the money for those factions.I really really want to recommend this game. I played over 700 hours multiplayer at this point. But again after years of cool gameplay they somehow break the balance. After 2 years they destroy their own game i just dont get why.If you're into abusing the most op faction buy this game, search for the op that is in the game abuse it. Make more ppl de-install it, the game deserves that. If you're like me and really want competetive gameplay with balanced factions. Do not buy or wait for their balance patch. But this will take time, the broken patch is now running nearly a year and they're not doing♥♥♥♥♥♥about it."
,Recommended,231430,31349507,Posted: 24 April,all,44th | Wolfster,"Company of Heroes is a fast-paced RTS game. Which is perfect for a teamwork-based group of friends that like to play games together.I feel like this game is a more remarstered version of Company Heroes 1, despite it being an amazing game already, Coh2 provides some great graphics for intense and difficult battles.-ProsGood Graphics for a fast-paced RTS.Well optimised for low-end computers.Lots of mods for the game.Competitive structure for all skil-levels.Great AI difficulties provide some unexpected challenges.-ConsDLC is slightly overpriced.In-game shop is also overpriced.Too fun to play with friends.I personally rate this game a 8/10"
76561198082450615,Recommended,231430,32859832,Posted: 27 June,all,Mr.Bomast,I love this game 10/10
76561197968451531,Not Recommended,231430,315672,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Virtech,"In a lot of ways this isn't nearly as good as the original.  I had high hopes and they were dashed within the first few minutes of game play.  I was so sad to see they were bought out by Sega as well.  I'd say pick this game up if it's less than $15, otherwise wait."
,Not Recommended,231430,2290122,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Sarda,"Take CoH and totally destroys it. The gameplay has become incredibly arcadey, almost Starcraft like. Diffrences between factions are so few and superficial its not even worth caring wether you choose one or the other. Pretty much every new feature that CoH2 adds either I don't agree with at all, or outright detracts from the original game. Avoid.5/10."
76561197962977641,Not Recommended,231430,7578915,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Chunk3r,"Here's to you Sega for resinking the Titanic. I award you no points, and may god have mercy on your soul."
,Not Recommended,231430,8522633,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Chrome,"Do not waste your money on this one. Buy the first COH instead, it is far more balanced, fun, content filled, and requires only 2 expansion packs. Not to mention the fact that the original COH has several mods that can spice up the gameplay with new units or new objectives. Please note these mods are free and are not DLC."
76561197998388174,Not Recommended,231430,8533199,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,StealthBadger,"There are many things wrong with this game, just some are:-The path finding is awful, if your units don't reverse towards the enemy they'll block anything else that has a shot. Before anything moves it rotates on its axis for a bit to make sure the AI can finish it off. The AI is pretty much god and can see everything on the map resulting in some awesome sniping with AT weapons. Snipers are pretty useless as everything seems to outrange them. Oh and sometimes when you click to perform an order it will simply deselect the unit, usually resulting in it being killed.I find it impossible to play this wthout raging about how stupid it is, somehow it's just totally unenjoyable on every level. AI on easy is too dumb, but the next level up just cheats to such a degree to make the experience a chore. The AI cheats at everything, it'll do more damage, take less damage, move faster, produce faster, oh and gain veterancy just for walking around pretty much. I know cheating AI is nothing new but here it just feels like a lazy way to make the game difficult.Throw in the fact you need to buy DLC to complete the game and I find it hard to see how the developers could have got it more wrong. No wonder the publisher went out of business."
,Not Recommended,231430,7790839,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Wezley,"It's like they took everything that was good out of COH1, burned it, then made this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,231430,8042033,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Sawmana™,"While I'm sure this game may be beautiful on higher end PCs, this game is unbarably glitchy on low-medium preformance PCs.  The game will sadly try to nickel and dime you on nearly everything, and will appear buggy and unbarably slow on non high end PCs.  Quite honestly, I'd sooner play the original Company of Heroes than play this, the only difference between the two really, are flashy graphics and a weather system, but at least Company of Heroes has more variety."
,Not Recommended,231430,8046019,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,ankle juice,"As a person who purchased this game's DIgital Collectors Version, played during the beta, and played the first game, I sincerely have to say that this game is a disgrace to both SEGA and Relic.To start off, the beta was severely unbalanced. To be more specific, Germans had an edge with cheap and OP Panthers and Tigers storming the map easily. As the beta progressed, the severe balance was fixed however since then Germans have always had the upper edge in their versatility and superior units. Balance patches come slow and sometimes don't fix much, and most cause new problems. Along with this, the connection in multiplayer is often immensely unstable, so playing multiplayer is not reccomended, unless you want to play as germany(Which 70-90% of players are always searching as, so it is hard to find a game as them)Second of all, the DLC. You will get royally hoodwinked if you buy the DCE, or this game at all. Relic Entertainment promised no pay2win and no game-changing content. They at first kept this promise, and gave the DCE buyers the skins and commanders. However, they soon started releasing overpriced commanders which had custom content, breaking their promise and creating severe pay2win issues more than once. They also did not give the new content to the DCE buyers, ripping them off by giving them useless content(commanders with no new things, skins, and cosmetic things) and then forced them to buy the pay2win content to enjoy the game.Last of all, singleplayer. Singleplayer has been heavily critcized for it's immense unhistorical way of portarying the soviets; and many players were absolutely livid about this(check the metascore). The campaign tells a terrible story and portrays the soviets as people who kill everyone they meet, including half their own army. The ending doesn't make any sense either.To conclude, all aspects of this game are complete rubbish and I fiercely do not reccomend buying this game."
76561198067227766,Recommended,231430,25694867,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Born to be Mild,Fun WW2 RTS with a bit of a learning curve.Community is absolutely toxic but what can you do.
,Not Recommended,231430,8650658,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,NeonLightning1077,"With the amount of awesome stuff in this game to write about , i'm not even sure where to start! While i wait for a game to be found with the match making system , i can write a review until it sends me into my favourite mode (only) VP round. Compared to the first game , coh2 does not really do anything for me personally due to  the fact that DLC has killed it turning it into a pay to win , AI / pathing in this game also never cease to amaze me with such examples as your tank driving backwards towards an enemy making sure to expose its lovely♥♥♥♥♥♥to then completely ignore the main threat and shoot a single passing conscript.Input lag is also more noticeable with some units remaining stationary as they burn to death and retreat at the last possible moment , most times they don't even retreat because ♥♥♥♥ it , it's -41 on the eastern front. I also do enjoy the moments of waiting whilst some guy lags out the entire game resulting in you being kicked , so prepare to watch units drive around in circles (if you are lucky) and die alot with the occasional good luck kick.Campaign was nothing too great but wasn't bad either , can't really fault it , ToW is just the same thing over with different locations and scenarios and even that isn't good , a huge disappointment being the , Tiger Ace mission which is nothing  compared to the original.Wrapping this up , i think most people who were avid Coh 1 players will find this game to be very poor and lacking. As most reviews point out , you might want to spend some cash to enjoy a game in all its single mode only Victory point fun."
,Not Recommended,231430,8464620,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Daassie,"Clumsy and confusing compared to the old one, and not that much better-looking I have to say. If you're craving some WW2 RTS action, get the original - the story/stories are better, too."
,Not Recommended,231430,7993593,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,GagCharacter,It doesn't support the multi GPU and SLI or CrossFire.Think carefully before purchase.
,Not Recommended,231430,8906099,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,|ㄷ| Λqqlaim,"Post-British update 04/10/15:A solid faction to bring some variety to this stale game. Once the novelty wears off you realize the state of the multiplayer might be the worst it has ever been.Basic functionality remains a mess. Game has been severely unoptimized since original release and post-expansion crashes are more frequent than before. Memory leak problems remain, micro-freezes/lag spikes unfixed (from 2-3 seconds every few minutes to up to 6 seconds now). Main menu capped at 30fps but sinks down to single digits after first game. During gameplay framerates are usually solid, but every now and then performance suddenly dies when loading into a new game.Company of Heroes 2 is the UPlay of RTS games. Would you recommend UPlay to anyone ? No, I wouldn't either.///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////Grief, misery and frustration are some of the core elements present when dealing with the online experience in Company of Heroes 2. They do come without an additional price tag, unlike so many, many other things in this game.CoH 2 is a prime example of the DLC craze.This is the current breakdown of DLC content for the game:Theater of War additional mission packs -20€Faceplates (cosmetic)                             -8€Vehicle camos (cosmetic)                       -92€DLC Commanders                                   -59,5€That is a base game of 35€ + an additional179,5€ worth of possible DLC content.Now of course, cosmetic stuff is a non-issue, but theDLC commanders include several important units, otherwise unavailable in the game(and more commanders are already on the way).DLC and minor unit design annoyances aside, now a year after release, the game is still plagued withdrophacking, sync-errors and constant p2p lag, turning wins into losses and once playful and happy kids into soulless empty vessels, longing for justice.The familiar Company of Heroes gameplay experience is there with good sound design, decent visuals and ok maps, though leaving us wanting some great elements from vCoH like night and rain.I can only recommend this game to the brave and most loyal CoH/RTS fans who can stay hopeful for the future and understand, that skill only gets you half way to victory."
76561198010095950,Not Recommended,231430,8010189,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Infinitejukes=DC,"This game is a faliure and a waste of money still imbalnced after a 8 month beta. With dev time being spent on a map editior you might as assume this game will stop being supported in 2014. 350,00 units sold and less then 1000 players on at any given time.Pay to win elements and  terrible launch have hamstringed this game."
76561198032279292,Not Recommended,231430,8231744,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,-SoL-<CM>?????<BOLT PISTOL!!>,"Do not buy this POS game save your money,Relic/SEGA turned the best RTS game into a pay to win POS.Update: After the last patch Aredennes will not load and keeps bugsplatting. SEGA should have died in the '90's."
76561197971172416,Not Recommended,231430,8687915,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Lt. Dan,"I have owned this game for a few weeks now, and unless you can buy this at a significant discount ($15 or less),my recommendation is to NOT buy it.Reasons:- In addition to the $40 (or $80 for a version that already contains some DLC) for the game, they offer you all kinds of DLC (downloadable content) that should have been part of the game in the first place, and was released on the same day as the game itself. Lots of little extras that add up to more money than you paid for the original game. Some of them are useless and expensive (skins for $3 a pop), some give unfair advantages to players that are willing to pay to win.- short, boring campaign that is Russians only. I bet there will be DLC to add a German and other Allied campaigns in the future- in games where humans play vs. the computer, RELIC made the computer cheat in order to win. All kinds of treads on different discussion forums point to several ways that the computer cheats to win, making it extremely frustrating to play even in standard difficulty (which is the 2nd easiest of four levels available). Cheating includes advantages in resources, advantages in damage and hits taken by units, ignoring the fog of war, etc. It simply NOT FUN to play against the computer, since it will eventually overwhelm the human players. Every time. Without fail.- even though this game got really good reviews from the ""professionals"" (magazines, review websites), it is overwhelmingly criticized by the actual players who had to pay to be able to play (vs reviewers who get the game for free). Check out the user reviews here:http://www.metacritic.com. Overwhelmingly negative reviews.- atrocious pathfinding for your units. You will lose many battles and units because the AI will waste time getting the units where they need to go, or get them stuck somewhere on the way.- Game camera is zoomed really far in and cannot be zoomed out far enough to see more of what's going on on the screen. You can zoom in to a very low level of detail though, which is USELESS.- Units will wait to be slaughtered instead of turning to fight the enemy. Machine guns and anti tank gun crews will not move their weapon to face the enemy and get annihilated within seconds while you micromanage every unit to do basic things they should do automatically. Given that you cannot see most of your units due to the ridiculous zoom level, they will die before you get a chance to adjust their firing angle.I could go on, but you can see why this game is not worth $60 PLUS ridiculous amounts of money for DLC, which can easily push you to $100+ for a poorly designed game that offers almost nothing over the brilliant Company of Heroes 1. I own four copies of CoH1 to play on multiple computers with friends. I wish I could return this copy of CoH2 because it's a thoroughly frustrating disappointment on many levels, with regards to content, AI, game code optimization, graphics, etc.PASS on this one."
,Not Recommended,231430,13107159,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Gilly -TPF-,"Really disappointed with this game. I loved the first 3 CoH games, but this one feels like they gutted it in order to create a lot of extra revenue with DLC. I don't have a problem with publishers trying to generate more revenue by tacking on DLC, but in this case it feels like they built the game, and then the bean counters came through and chopped out large chunks and set them aside for DLC. I suppose if I purchased all of the DLC it would be more enjoyable, but I'm not willing to pay all the extra money for sections of the game that should have been included from the start.I'm also not fond of the RPG element tacked on via the customization you can do with your Generals. It just doesn't fit very well in this game, in my opinion. I don't like spending a bunch of time browsing through dozens of generals just to gain an extra 2% HMG penetration or crit chance or whatever. I guess maybe it works out well for the PvP crowd but to me it's just a pain in the butt."
,Recommended,231430,23245754,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,zhaxxD☭,"No matter what unit you use to fight, the RNG is always in the enemys favor."
76561197970538251,Recommended,231430,25306265,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Lone Wolf,"This has to be one of my favourite RTS of all time!  WW 2 action at its best!Combines infantry and vehicle strategy very, very well.  When you feel you have the upper hand, an arty strike turns it all around!Graphics are great combined with fantastic sound effects! You sometimes feel for your men and what their going through :(Well worth the hours dedicated to this game.  Hopefully, the developers will bring out a new one in the near future!Buy it! Well worth it if your a hardcore RTS fan!"
76561198045383605,Recommended,231430,31209481,Posted: 17 April,all,GreeN,Best WW2 rts game I've ever played and one of the best out there
76561197994304560,Not Recommended,231430,14511907,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Mr. Norris,"DO NOT BUY ANY PART OF THE GAME UNLESS 80% OFF!So I bought CoH 2 full price upon release as a huge fan of CoH 1.  In general I was unimpressed as the graphics looked the same although they ran heavy, and the gameplay felt dumbed down.  A full panel of ""Store"" options made this look like a MMO.  After countless patches, this has improved somewhat.  With only two factions to play, I suspected that an expansion, as in Opposing Fronts for CoH, would add two additional factions.  With the release of Ardenns I recently picked it up thinking that this would allow me access to the additional campaign and multiplayer access to the two additional factions played in that campaign.What an idiot!Apparantly this full priced DLC (as expensive as the game itself) was only the single player campaign.  If you want to play those same factions in multiplayer, you need to purchase them seperatly.  Yes, purchase each faction seperatly.  The fun doesn't stop there.  Do you want to play the iconic rangers of CoH 1 as the American faction, PAY TO WIN by purchasing them seperatly!This is disgraceful.  Do not buy this game unless 80% off, because you will need to purchase all the other core aspects of the game, which they call DLC's, on top of it."
76561197966902727,Recommended,231430,15149909,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Menstrual Armageddon,"The people complaining about DLCs are in fact just angry on principle. You don't actually NEED the DLCs. All the content the game comes with is easily enough to win in multiplayer. The DLCs do exactly what DLCs should - give you some more interesting options to play around with when you've played the living *#$% out of the rest of the game.As for the gameplay, multiplayer is quite excellent, primarily because the factions are so interestingly balanced. Germans are by and large easier to play, but once you get to high levels of play, this is no longer an issue. Relic isn't perfect, some unit designs are bad (such as paratroopers), but overall the faction designs are deep and very interesting.If you are so short sighted that you can't possibly enjoy anything that's not a carbon copy of CoH1 then nevermind. But CoH2 is groovy game. 8.5/10"
76561197994834927,Not Recommended,231430,22063194,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Spyker UWE,"If I were to sum this up in a nutshell.Remember what EA did to Westwood. This is what Sega have done to Relic.COH2 is the first monstrosity to come out of this, updated with all your 2016 favourites, like microtransactions, broken steam workshop functions, pay to win commanders, horrendous custom game lobby system.As someone who loved COH 1 I am severely disappointed by this game. In the ever driving attempt to make the game more competitive, a huge amount of the 'FUN' element was removed to make way for this.And quite simply this game isn't fun anymore."
76561197978913536,Not Recommended,231430,8759070,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Terror of nolife dreamers,Canada+EU=good germans in coh2Communism is used as an irish american propaganda monopolism to kick the eastern europeans out of american buiseness. since usa is the nationless money making land of migrant
76561197974967868,Not Recommended,231430,14723606,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Minor Mayhem,"This game is a Money making app, the fact that it will set you back more than the cost of the base game just to add all the armies to be competitive is disgusting profiteering, then add in all the DLC to make multiplayer games easier to find and you are looking at an outlay in excess of $150. That's just insane. Basically I get the impression that they started work on this game and sat down to plan and the first thing put up as bullet point one was ""How much can we squeeze the community for with this one guys?"". And the then spent 3 weeks concoting the most mixed up and convoluted method for overcharging yet to be seen on PC."
76561198031578007,Not Recommended,231430,7933961,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,mrkencn,Not as good as the first. Sorry.
,Not Recommended,231430,8527215,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Pille,"A grandiose waste of time and money. We have snow now, great. We have a completely messed up interface that leaves me as a COH 1 veteran dumbfounded. We also barely have any advances in graphics or gameplay compared to its predecessor.But hey, I can buy a new style of menu border. Best idea ever. The campaign takes the very worst of Hollywood History and depicts the bloodiest conflict in human history in a way that seems oddly familiar to anyone who has played C&C Red Alert. Except that this game tries to take itself serious. With extra war crimes by evil commies thrown in for fun and profit. Don't expect the slightest hint of historical accuracy. Don't expect a halfway realistic simulation either, like COH 1 was at times. This is an utterly generic RTS with a WW2 setting, dumbed down for supposed mass appeal by ignorants who probably based their research on a handful of awful war movies.Go and play COH 1 instead. Get a mod if you're bored. Avoid this game like the plague, you'll be happier."
76561197960298430,Recommended,231430,19170855,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,TheJeffness,"BUYER BEWARE! BUYER BEWARE! BUYER BEWARE! BUYER BEWARE!(DO NOT BE FOOLED INTO BUYING ARMIES SEPERATELY.... BUY GAME IN FULL AND ON SALE!)I made a moronic decision and spent almost $80 on a game that is constantly on sale for under $10.  They sell the armies seperately for purchase which is kinda a good idea, until you realize that 2 of the factions(Germans and Russians) can not be purchased seperately!  So you could spend $30 on 3 armies, expecting to get other 2 later for around $20....but guess what you have to buy THE ENTIRE GAME to get the other 2 armies.  And the ENTIRE GAME already includes the armies you purchased seperately!WHY the hell does RELIC trick people into thinkining they can buy this game in pieces?  You can only buy half of it in pieces and when you try to buy the other half you have to buy the entire game which you should have just done in the first place because you would HAVE SAVED $30!  Relic is purposely trying to be deceptive or they are just too damn lazy to release 2 armies seperately!Imagine if Valve released DOTA 2 for $50 and it included 100 characters...now lets say charged $.50 per character.  Now imagine you end up buying 50 characters, then you go to buy your 51rst character and its not available.  Well it turns out that valve only sells half the character seperately and you have to buy the entire game for the rest of the characters!  You buy the game and realize that the game includes all 100 characters!  Valve just tricked you into wasting $25....you spent $75 on a game that is $50.  This is exactly what Relic is doing.I should have done my research and looked into it or waited for a sale like usual, but its just such a fun game.  I loved the original and many more people play this and it has cooler unlockables.  But in comparison to original this game is kinda trash compared to the original though.  Not really trash, its a good game overall...but it has some major issues.  For one its graphics are nearly identical to company of heroes 1 that came out in 2006...but for some odd reason this game runs about 20x worse on 20x more powerful hardware!  Same resolutions and around the same polygoms, only addition is weather effects and some fire effects.  You can run COH1 on a pentium 4 at 700mhz probably, but you will barely get this to run on a 4 core 4ghz processor from a couple years ago!  You also need a pretty beefy graphics card to run it decently and I would actually suggest 16 GIGS OF RAM!  It runs fine on 8, but after a few matches the game will start to slow down because Relic is too lazy to clear the RAM inbetween matches.Its a very fun game though.  Its a fun game because it is pretty much identical to the original...it just runs worse and you cant run over people in tanks.  Definately worth a buy at around $10-$20, just please buy the full game!This game should actually sell for $10 normally and like $2 on sale.  It is simply just a MOD of the original.  I'd imagine it only cost Relic about $20,000 to make the game....they probably wasted the rest of the budget travelling to Europe to do ""research"" about WW2.  Playing the single player game....you can tell they didnt research♥♥♥♥♥♥  They took an American history book from 1958 and a German current events book from 1944...they combined what they learned from the 2 books and this is how they created and depicted the soviet army and their storyline.  It is pretty offensive really....I dont care because I am not Russian.  But if I was Russian I would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥...it pretty much depicts every soviet soldier as a coward or psycopath.  They are literally running away or murdering their own civilians for no reason.  The only heroes they depict in this game are the nazis.So...Story/single player = 0/10Gameplay = 10/10Multiplayer = 9/10Optimization = 0/10Price = .0000000000001/10Overall = Good if you dont play single player and buy entire game for under $10."
,Not Recommended,231430,32906979,Posted: 27 June,all,Gh05t_Shi3ld,"Paid the game with dlcs for $10 for steam sales, thought it was well worth it. End up in game most of commanders required to grind or purchase.... Units were gated behind micro transactions... this is not even a full content game with dlcs but a half content based game with dlcs and lots of mirco transactions. End up total cost spend of the game $70 and yet does not have full contents which cost $100++ for all the micro transactions!!!!Way to go sega and relic. Won't be buying COH3 for sure!!!STOP SUPPORTING developers that release minimum base game contents and rest of the gated contents via micro transactions.With this PC gaming is literally dead, time to move on to console gaming..."
,Not Recommended,231430,8009570,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,chrispyer,"I can't understand how Southern Fronts is not in the Collector's Edition. This is bull. Don't buy, they will nickel and dime you to death."
76561198007373861,Not Recommended,231430,8005860,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Barry White,"Worse than the original. The graphics are no great leap forward, the rescources are handled far worse and the factions are not as well made. In my opinion if you want to buy company of heroes get the first one - its great. Or get Men of War but not this and if you do then please dont buy the ridiculous DLC.Some of the new features are nice, truesight is fun and the others are interesting but the blizzard mechanic is just an irritation and they dont make a huge differnce normaly.The campaign is fun it is very cinematic and not supposed to be realistic (although relic claimed it was) its also decent length and makes for a fun time sink and the mission packs are also quite nice mini-campagins however the meat of the game, the multiplayer, is just worse than CoH1.With the addition of the map editor it may get better and i will no doubt go back and play with the editor but not the game it isnt worth it."
,Not Recommended,231430,8123546,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,PvtSandvich,"I am extremely bitter about my purchase of this game. I was one of the people who pre-ordered the original DCE, and at the time I felt it was a good deal. No longer. They completely shafted the DCE owners, substituting actual extra content in the form of the first 3 ToW packs with worthless skins and commanders. I payed 100 dollars for 12 commanders who bring nothing new, 25 skins of which most are just the same one for heavy, medium, or light vehicls, ONE of the promised 3 ToW DLC, and a faceplate. I have never felt more betrayed by a game company than when I saw how they had changed it. The sheer amount of DLC in this game astounds me, as the base game itself has very little content for a successor to CoH1. I would not recommend this game. It's still fun at times with friends, but nothing can get this bad taste out of my mouth."
,Not Recommended,231430,8674027,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Shikaka,"Huge disappointment...I am a big fan of the franchise but this watered down addition isn't worth its full price.Campaign missions felt short and offer little to no replay value, with the exception of Tiger Hunting which I found to be the highlight of the campaign.New multiplayer maps are dull and seem to be designed to serve the snow and blizzard mechanics; vast snowfields dotted with bonfires. It fails to compliment the original mechanic of how dynamic maps were meant to be, the beginning of your game could involve skirmishes between a maze of hedgerows and villages and end with battling out in smoldering ruins and craters. Steam workshop could redeem this with CoH 1 maps getting fan-made revivals.The removal of the commander talent trees is what cripples the game most. No longer are the 3 distinct commander choices  that each serve their own playstyle and tactics but now DLC centered commanders that blend into eachother, the same off-map abilities and additional units rearranged and passed off as a seperate commander.The lack of commander variety will mean each game will start to feel like the last. Every game eventually leads to tanks vs tanks, grenadiers and conscripts end up serving no purpose but to rush enemy tanks, disable them with an anti-tank grenade the go capture a point while your tanks pick off the disabled enemy tank.Theatre of War scenarios are a joke, they are simply AI skirmish matches. 1941 scenarios let you play with even FEWER units to choose from. Dont expect to see Stonewall or Panzerkrieg game modes from ToV, they'll probably be DLC down the road (hopefully steam workshop will beat them to it).Company of Heroes 2 does not live up to its predecessor, fewer units, bland maps, mediocre campaign, and the biggest killer   is how the game is now entirely centered around DLC. I'm sad to see my favourite RTS get strangled by the DLC demon but steam workshop could be its salvation."
76561198015056296,Not Recommended,231430,7985059,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,halych,No manual included and I am tired of trying to find info on google. Dear relic: would you mind explaining the icons/overlays on my units? What is a red fork on my halftrack? Something I should worry about?
76561198027320295,Not Recommended,231430,8215537,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Zuteman,Honestly after paying $100 on this i can say that it is not even close to the greatness of the first one. i would only recommend this too ppl who like fastpaced unrealistic rts's
,Not Recommended,231430,8731988,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,ComradeWinston,"Singleplayer CampaignThe anti-USSR message shoved in the player's face during the campaign is insufferable. I play video games to be a part of epic battles, glorious tales of heroism and so on. Not to have a game tell me how to look at the world via the cheapest means possible; practically verging on Homefront levels of lazyness in the propaganda department. Except here the narrative is trying to convince you that you are the bad guy and you should feel bad, because the Soviet Union is bad okay, remember communism is bad, and Stalin is satan and... stuff...SOVIET UNION IS EVIL, REMEMBER THAT PERSON PLAYING THIS GAME. RUSSIANS & COMMUNISMS = BADGeneral StuffThe units aren't anything more interesting than the original's and it feels like there are a few basic roles missing, as if they couldn't be bothered to add more units. More than half the generals are ""premium"" aka you need to buy them. Visually it's hardly up to 2010 standards if even, and there is no shortage of Relic DLC whoring to the point of charging for faceplates.MultiplayerPublic custom lobbies aren't even an option, so if you liked playing Annihilation don't plan on ever playing it with anyone but someone on your friends list. After playing a few auto-matches, so far the Germans have won almost every time. Every single one of those times, their victory could be described by the two simple words: Panther & Tiger. And I've played about an equal number of times as either side, no matter what it's always the same thing. At best the USSR dominates from the start and often gets run over by tanks in the end. After six months I expect far better balance in an RTS game, never mind the lack of any multiplayer options beyond 1v1 to 4v4.It's also plagued by performance problems, as within almost every match there is someone who is ""lagging"" and some matches have even frozen at 00:01 seconds into the game. There have been instances where a little message would come up saying I've been lagging and actually kicked me but given that I have a powerful gaming PC and currently a 59Mbps download, 12Mbps upload, and a ping of 11ms; this is clearly a problem on their end. Again, this is inexcusable after half a year.ConclusionWait until the Deluxe Edition(full version) costs $15 or something, better yet just buy the original Company of Heroes. This game is riddled with performance issues, blatant historical inaccuracies, has a unit/building roster far smaller than the original, and is generally a pitiful excuse for a sequel. If youreallywant to play as the USSR or have them in CoH in some capacity, there's a mod that adds the Red Army to the original game that can be foundHERE.When it comes to the story, they could have easily managed to damn the Soviets without ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on every last person who fought on the eastern front. All they had to do was introduce an element representing the power structure. A single character, a mission or two that doesn't shove aTHESE PEOPLE ARE EVILmessage in your face constantly that get's the underlying political agenda of the Soviets across. But they didn't bother, they just lazily copied parts of the movie Enemy At The Gates and pasted them into a few missions.For those want an explanation of the campaign's lazy anti-USSR propaganda.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2m4SCUaBHS8#t=145"
76561197976422877,Not Recommended,231430,8779206,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Poor Fucking Infantry,"I feel cheated buying this game on its release date; after paying 59.99 USD I still cannot enjoy the full content of the game I purchased and will have to work on all the achievements for int. bulletins. Also, the sum of cost of DLC commanders/skins is another 59.99 USD. I know its quiet common that game industery uses DLC to jerk money off its customer, but everything should have a limit, and I must say SEGA-relic has breached my limit.May 12th 2015, adding something up:1-The optimization is poor and graphic requirement is ridiculously demanding for what the game demostrates. I can play something like Elder Scroll V with all the mods installed and graphic setting sets to maximum for like 50 or so FPS, but even if I set all setting to minimum in CoH2 I start to lag like hell AFTER the first match, and the only way to fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥up is to restart the game. Updating my driver doesnt help either, everytime I restart the game after the update the warning of ""you are using an outdated driver"" still pops up-- well outdated my A S S, that was fuxking 3 minutes fresh!.2-unit pathfinder is still as broken as it was first released: saw a penal shoveled a 4 secs demopack, tried to pull my infantry away the very instant, the totally healthy and unpinned inf squad roll, crawl, jump, hop, and doing everything but move away from that demo, and BOOM, they were all dead.FUXKING BRILLIANT, RELIC!3-getting repeated commanders and bulletins past 3 from warspoil is stupid, as you cannot trade or combine or do anything with them. Needless to say, that's one thing even paying money wont save you.4-either buy at 80% off or buy CoH1, offers similar if not same game mechanics but less bug and frustrating moments.Oh, and also, CoH1 doesnt censor your swearing in team chat with sh it s like ""garden"" or ""goodboy"".Relic made a poor game and now they want to take away our rights of swearing, so be it.FUXK YOU SEGA RELIC!May 12th 2017 updated:Dev: mortars are overperforming so we decided to nerf mortarsReality: players spam more mortars, more weapons squads, drown the whole map with them so its impossible to flank.Then the game becomes a mortar barrage micro feastThen end game Rockets and superheavy armorsteam battles ALWAYS ends like this.It's not that I am not winning, it's so fuxking boring!!I hereby officially declare:Screw this game and it's ridiculus balance I am going back for CoH1!!!"
76561198006593117,Not Recommended,231430,11899190,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Bazworth,This game is neither a worthy follow on from COH or a realistic WWII strategic simulation.  It’s a vulgar imitation of strategy that is designed to entice the player to buy DLC.  That is to say that everything is flashy and pretty but is made to be destroyed in no time.  No one unit has any worth and you will feel like you are just producing AOEII pikemen the whole time.“So your units aren’t holding their own?  Buy the new commander he’s got better units.”COD meets COH.
,Not Recommended,231430,8017437,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Not Louis CK,"Multiplayer is unbalanced and bland, campaign is somewhat unrealistically insulting to the Russian effort, engine is overblown and laggy, customizability is limited, microtransactions galore, and you know what?I could forgive it all, right now, if they had made it possible to actually dig in and play defensively.This game is an insult to Company of Heroes 1 players, an insult to Eastern Front veterans, and an insult to anyone who has played a good RTS game."
,Not Recommended,231430,34327977,Posted: 18 August,all,Otto Raynar,Do not buy any game (particularly strategy games) published by Sega unless you are prepared to pay an additional two to three times the base price of the game in DLC and microtransactions before you have what can be qualified as an entire game.
78459624785613459,Not Recommended,231430,21907367,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,<--,"I still remember, every game i played in COH 1 was a memerable experiance. When i started COH 2, i was surprised by the command tree. Later I realised that, more commands are available as DLC. When i was about to invest on them, i tought 'why should I invest on such an unbalanced  game' . C'mon SEGA, you've made very bad choices. You've turned a game with 'overwhelmingly positive' reviews into game with 'mostly positive' reviews. Even DOTA has ' very positive' review and not 'overwhelmingly positive'. I believe that excessive DLCs and P2W features are major culprits.When i started COH 2, i was in a feeling that i'm very bad at this game. When i realised that one could buy 'OP' commanders and have strategic  advantage, i felt so bad!Just imagine, if COH 2 was like COH 1+ balances - P2W -too many DLCs, this can easily beat MOBAs like DOTA or atleast come near to them in ESL. You could in turn make lot of money in that way Just like CS:GO. Moderate price, proper patches, no p2w element will surely take this game to next level. This game has such a potential. After spending 3k hrs on Dota2 (that's not much, i know), i still feel the pleasure in playing coh but not as much as before.Please SAGA, learn your lessons and bring back the glory of COH. I bet you, this one will rule ESL once it gets the desired popularity which can be acheived by doing as i said above.Hope you'll undertand your mistake and this review is not meant to hurt anyone. TY"
,Not Recommended,231430,8763626,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,AusGre,"If you want to play a copy of Company of Heroes, but on the otherside of Berlin, buy this game. Then you can buy all the DLCs, so you can keep this horrible game able to birth another monstrosity. Weak graphics, predictable AI and boring, boring, boring gameplay, this game is not a good buy.I reccomend getting anything else than this game and if you really want a great strategy game, go pick up Blitzkrieg 2 instead of this piece of crap."
76561198167038779,Recommended,231430,23525551,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Jotunsbane,I loved COH and like COH2 much more. It would be cool if they allowed modders the ability to modify more than just vehicle skins. The commanders in this game give it a grander feel than limiting each faction to only 3 commanders. Graphics are well done. One of my favorite RTS games.
,Not Recommended,231430,8626803,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,RabbleRouser,Worst game of the series.  Much work needs to be done in terms of balance.  Units suck. Story sucks.  Coming out with new DLC at a ridiculous rate.
76561198028889749,Not Recommended,231430,8695673,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,RocAfella,DLC's are destroying the game in Multiplayer. The commanders you can buy are much better than the free ones.Stick to Company of Heroes 1.Thank u Sega for ruining one of the best RTS game series.
76561198054731275,Not Recommended,231430,12059147,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Terria Sharpe,"Multi Player Games are very one-sided and unbalanced the winner is usually determind with in a few mins of the Game Starting, Usually it being the germans beacuse they are OP."
,Recommended,231430,549629,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,TekDragon,"A worthy successor to Company of Heroes, the penultimate tactical RTS (after the Men of War series), that improves on unit variety, core mechanics, and graphics. Company of Heroes 2 is not a flawless release, suffering from early balance issues, but undoubtedly deserves the large amount of critical acclaim it has received.Company of Heroes 2 releases with 2 factions, the Germans and the Soviets. Fans of the original will be comfortable with the teching paths, veterancy, unit selection, and gameplay mechanics. All of these have been tweaked in one way or another, but all are well crafted, mostly intuitive, and largely balanced.Most welcome is the contiuance of directional cover and complex damage and accuracy mechanics from the original. Every bullet that leaves a rifle or tank shell that leaves a cannon has a complex series of calculations behind it that influence accuracy, penetration, and damage. A tank shell fired at another tank could miss, miss but still hit something, hit but not penetrate, hit and penetrate, or hit and penetrate with some critical damage. Everything from range, movement, cover, angle of armor, and more is included as variables in these calculations. These complex mechanics make Company of Heroes more than just a game of numbers, but a game of tactical placement of units and appropriate application of firepower that stresses the importance of flanking and misdirection.In the end, Company of Heroes 2 is a game that released in solid form and has potential to grow even better in the months and years to come. The solid framework of the original was kept and improved upon, while the developers spent a substantial amount of time making the game beautiful in its violent craft. If Relic can continue making timely and moderately aggressive balance patches, this will be a highlight chapter in the RTS annals for years to come."
76561198014947337,Not Recommended,231430,8565408,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Sith Lord,"although the story isnt bad . the gameplay is worse in my opion to that of the first game . construction and building of assets in multiplayer just seems .. well less , maybe its just me . but for all the hype this game was suposed to bring over its predecessor it seems to me at least a big step backwards,would i recommend this game to play , no .would i recommend the first compnay of heros . big yes"
76561198010231635,Not Recommended,231430,8003766,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,arc,Unfinished product. CoH 1 is so much better.
,Not Recommended,231430,8673816,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Lord Xenu,DO NOT BUY!!!! I thought this game can't be too bad considdering how good the first one is. But the reviews are right. This game is 100% pay to win. AI is so OP its not even fun. Then when you do PVP everyone buys their commanders and you're left with the ones you get from the game. It gives players unfair advantages and its a terrible style of gaming. DLC like that is terrible and is frustrating when you can't do anything about it and dont want to spend more money on a game you just paid $80 for. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!
76561197987304354,Not Recommended,231430,16976322,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Mocco,Watch this to see why I downrated the game in the first place.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3oUMR7n93JII don't know if I should love this game or hate it. The gameplay is fun but its not realistic.The cameras toggle ability is too low. It feels like reading a book with an eye-book distance of 5 cm. So you can read a sentence but you can't overlook a page. The beauty of the game is still there and it conveys the atmosphere very nicely. You pay money for the game and you still need to purchase skins and commanders. My outrage about this in the comment section below. Luckily there is now ingame money. So it doesn't hurt as much but playing for getting ingame money to get new content to get fun isn't the way I wanna be treated when I buy a game on launch.Balance problems and unfair mach making are a nuisance or a challange. However you wanna see it.The community is ok and the workshop is packed with a lot of good content. The Level editor is more fun then the game itself in my opinion.In short this game is something for masochists. The game is like your exgirlfriend. You know she's gonna hurt you everytime but you come back again and again anyway.
,Not Recommended,231430,8739445,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,IamNaota,"Bad DLC-politics, non-evolved Gameplay if you compare with the first CoH.If you want to play CoH, play the first."
76561198065343789,Not Recommended,231430,34748283,Posted: 4 September,all,Oberstleutnant Sims,I've loved this game greatly! A great strategy game for every player. The one thing that took me away was how poor the community has become. The average person is not a fun team mate. There are still a many fun and dedicated fans but there is a great majority of players who arent there for a fun time. Great game but players are d****.
76561198042072548,Not Recommended,231430,23120707,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Drunk3n M0nkey,"Every time i take a♥♥♥♥♥♥it reminds me of this game.New mechanics put in place like sight and ice are good, if only they had been added to CoH 1 we may have had something.For those people that are thinking of getting this game (or those that already have it) dont bother, it is just a cannon that relic uses to shoot DLC at your face.Buy CoH 1, install a mod like Blitzkreig and u will completely avoid all regret, they have better features, balancing and units and its all for free."
,Not Recommended,231430,8491127,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Syzygy,"I'm conflicted as whether to reccommend this game and I'll tell you why. The reason is that it's not as good as it's predecessor Company of Heroes.The gameplay is solid, it's fun, it can get anger inducingly annoying but that's mostly due to human error. The maps are great, but not as great or as memorable as the Company of Heroes maps. I can name a dozen maps from CoH off the top of my head easily but when it comes to CoH2 I start to struggle. They're pretty generic and I feel it's because Relic couldn't just remake the old maps again and attempted to make new maps which were more generic and more samey than the CoH maps. The snow really grinds my gears, I avoid snow maps as I would the bubonic plague or mosquitos. They're anti fun and really dampen the mood during an intense game. The tanks however are improved I feel. The sides you can choose feel more balanced too. The new commander addition to the game isn't as good as the doctrine/company choice of the last game. They are all too similar whereas in the last game there were real differences such as the stark comparison between Airbone company and Ranger company. Each of those had their own strength and weakness and counter picking was a lot more important then. The online lobby is improved however I do miss one feature, the feature to tick up.Overall, Company of Heroes 2 on its own is a good game and would be worth a purchase. However since CoH is cheaper and superior I can't reccomend it over that, and thus I've decided to not reccomend this game."
76561197984597692,Not Recommended,231430,9159304,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Jayples,They tried to make COH into Dawn of War II. It didn't work. They should have left it more like the original and concentrated on innovating the AI instead of making an Arcade WWII RTS. Shame they missed so badly with this one. All visuals and no staying power. MP is unbalanced and the mp DLC adds nothing worthwhile. There's not much to recommend here except picking it up on sale to play the campaign.Doesn't stand up to its dated predecessor as the stronger title it ought to be.
76561198011602178,Recommended,231430,23006360,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Sturmschweine,"Not realy your classic RTS formula, resources gather automatic no need for harvesting, but they can be increased by capturing points and building resource points. Units can reinforce if close to a reinforcement point, lil like the wh40k unit system. Besides that unit variety: a lot. Even more with custom mods. Campaign ya well, wish there was also a German campaign but overall it's decent. Additional campaign with Ardennes offence wich is also pretty decent.Game can crash sometimes when loading the after match report but that doesnt happen too often. If you've played CoH1 then this one will not dissapoint, except maybe for the great ammount of dlc for sale (also mods for that lol).Online players are usualy friendly and most of the time u will have an enjoyable match, of course u will also encounter the few unpleasant exceptions to that. Good thing also: theatre of war, custom missions that can be played solo or coop.Only downside for me is the loot system wich is pretty much random play for 10 min or play for an hour, win or lose u never know when the loot is going to be coming your way.Difficulty: easy (real easy) the ai doesnt even move unless you strike first, normal the ai only moves when you capture a point, hard the ai comes for all your base, and fast, expert u need to be faster then the ai with everything because otherwise f*ckin forget about it, u dead. So would say difficulty is well done.Advice: vanilla (standard) is maybe  not the best experience but with some custom skins and tuning packs its well worth it."
,Recommended,231430,25220870,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Mobius1king,"Company of heroes 2 is one of those games based on world war 2 that really makes you think about the situations created during WW2 and after by giving a indepth expierience on the battlefields of europe. The expansions are a little pricy but they go on sale almost every other week, and i recommend if you do buy this game that you get the add ons. Being a WW2 buff i fell in love with this game the dame i bought and almost got on one knee when i bought the expansion for the battle of the bulge.For the base game you get to play as either the Wermacht (german army 193? - 1944) or as the Soviet army in all its glory. For starters every weapon and unit that bose sides posses is EXTREMELY accurate with historical means. As The germans you can construct basic pill boxes and sand bag lines.While the russians only make sand bag lines but make for this by having larger squads of troops.Thats another thing as well. If you play as the germans you have better trained squads and units but they are in small numbers and rather pricy to be relevent with germany's army size and production capabilities, but thats the boring old infantry side. Now lets jump to germany's incredibly advanced vehicles which range from thier basic mg32 mounted patrol cars to the mighty Tiger Tank from the later stages of the war. The vehicles are your strong point as the germans where you can easily overwhelm the Soviets tanks, but keep in mind the german tanks are rather expensive and slow if you're working with the larger models.The Soviets on the other hand are capable of building massive infantry and Tank based armies with thier larger troop count per sqaud and cheaper tanks. This is only hindered by the lack of sheer armor on thier tanks in comparison to the germans. Another determining factor for victory for the Soviets is the T-34 medium tank wich is both cheap and fast. Its 76mm cannon is powerful as well, but when faced against heavy armor its not very effective.That covers the general game so far as id like to rant on about, but now ill og into detail on the campaign expansions where you play as the americans on the ardennes assault. This game also made me realized how royally screwed our ground forces could have been if it wasnt for hitlers incompitance in the later part of the war. As the americans you get rellativly large squuads of troops and vehicles. Namely the Stewart light tank and the M4A3E8 Sherman Bulldozer tank. another great vehicle for dealing with the new german faction The Ober Commandos (Rommels forces) is the M10 tank destroyer which is almost your only method of dealing with tigers because its the only american tank with a powerful enough gun to pierce its armor without the use of dangerous tactics. Back to the troops as the americans you actaully have 3 choices to play. You can play as the infamous Airborne whci lack general utility but make up for in rapid deployment, The armored division which by far is the heaviest of the three in tanks, and finally the U.S. Army rangers the most skilled and infantry focused goup that excells in making your enmey hurt when they least expect it.Now you're enemy the Ober Commandos are as powerful as its gonna get. They start off with no base because they follow Blitzcrieg(Lightning War). Instead you call in support trucks that convert into buildings with various abilities and troop selection available. As the Ober Commandos you get access to the most terrifying tanks of WW2. The mighty Tiger II and the feared Panther. Both tanks apeared late in the war but had oustanding success little to late to win the war for germany. These tanks have no equal on the battlefield and require your opponent to devise stradigies just to deal with them alone. this alongside of airsupport and large numbers of troops makes the Ober commandos a force to be respected and feared, but enough of me ranting PLAY THIS GAME AND SEE FOR YOURSELF SOLDIER!!!"
,Not Recommended,231430,7520311,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,DeltaForce C:/Windows95,"I'm going to say only one thing:Do NOT buy this game unless you are member of proud ""soviets""RESULT: Heavy russian propaganda that makes you puke, middle class visuals, Only russian story, less voice effects, less fun. 1,9/10ADVICE: Play CoH1 with eastern front/Blietzkrieg expansion and see with yourself.CoH2 is a disgrace for Company of Heroes games. Buy Tales of Valor, grab some cookies and play REAL strategy game. Nuff said."
,Not Recommended,231430,9062376,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Jetman123,"The perfect game to play if you want to experience the joy of having infantrymen who are made of porcelain despite being in heavy cover, whereas your enemy is able to eat bullets for breakfast in an open field and live, happily murdering every single last one of you.This would be fine if you had more men than him. You don't. Every single match I've played, the Germans have been able to outnumber me, even despite initial territory gains. They also get tanks before me because their huge doommobs of infantry and MGs are able to take every single point on the map, depriving me of fuel. And I wasn't charging across fields, either - I have had German grenadiers kill two squads of conscript infantry in heavy cover with every advantage available to them. This game just doesn't make any sense.In fact, I tested this - I went and played a match versus a Standard AI, cranked out nothing but conscripts, captured every single bit of territory I could, and the Germans still had more men than I did in the early game and chewed me up and spat me out, given their units were more numerous and just plain better in every way.I don't know what this game is smoking. Germans better than Russians at mass attacks? T-34s that cannot go head to head with the Panzer 4, not even slightly? What in Marx's name were they thinking?TL;DR: The side balancing for this game is lopsided, makes no sense, and makes the entire game thoroughly and entirely unenjoyable compared to the first one. Give it a pass."
,Not Recommended,231430,18043545,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,MeoW.para,"new factions (DLC) that are knowingly overpowered that everyone who wanna win an easy game has to buy it.10/10 would buy skins for 4,99 again"
76561198018583037,Not Recommended,231430,9722627,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Johnboy8078,"Well this game looking at it SOLO is quite a nice game. But, being a big fan of Relic Games, and being playing them since i was teen, kind of means i know what they have done in there past success's. That said, I've managed to rack up over 6000 hours on COH, sadly this was even before steam took part with COH, so my steam account doesnt show this information, but since having steam it shows currently only 1600 hours. But anyway, as for COH2. I've only put in 600 hours, and this includes the time in BETA, as i have the Collectors edition, also when it was on the pre order stuff, i managed toget 10 others players to aquire the game, to help THQ threw what ever the mess it was in, All this said. After COH2 arrived on release, it was nice game. but always missing something.  Slowly after each patch the game has been getting more OUT of BALANCE, and even so bad that you can only now obtain no more than 5 tanks in your army. They current publishers are really nerfing the game so its unplayable. So much so, that i stopped playing it, And after hearing about the new Expansion, i got to thinking i should give them another try, Well here i am writing this review, and in even more disgust, i assure SEGA/RELIC. that you can definatly count me out, and i will NOT be recommending this GAME to Anyone.  I even think its made COH seems sad to play now.  If you  do want to buy this game. the only thing i can say thats nice, is if you didnt have the past versions. you might manage to make this fun, and maybe you will get 200 hours out of it before uninstalling. GL all. Happy Gaming."
,Recommended,231430,31609080,Posted: 7 May,all,HeavyAssault,"To me, the first Company of Heroes is one of the best strategy games made, and my favorite world war 2 game.That being said lets take a look at its successor.Company of Heroes 2 brings us to the Eastern Front with the Soviets and Germans. We also have the Ardense Assault DLC bringing us the Battle of The Bulge, The western Front armies DLC bringing us the US and Oberkomando West German faction. The British Faction DLC and numerous Theater of War DLC's as well. With all the DLC complete the game definitely brings some content to the table to keep any fan engaged for NUMEROUS hours and the amount of content is definitely great and helps justify any cost alone.Now looking at the game as a whole.Graphics:  The game looks great, sounds great, the explosions are awesome, the intense fire fights are a sight to behold, weather effects add that touch lacking in the previous one. All in all there is nothing lacking in this department.Gameplay: The game is a mimic of the orignal game brigning us some tight nit squad focused combat where unit management takes precision and each battle and encounter feels personal. If you liked the original then you cannot complain here.Campaign:Tho the scenery of the campaign is great, I found the story to be a meh... You have the story told from the perspectice of a Russian soldier re counting the events from a humanitarian perspective. This kinda makes it awkward when you have a hard fought victory and instead of feeling epic you get this feeling of meh when the protagonist simply goes on about the Soviets and how they were cruel too. I think they were times when they could have brought forth the actions of the Soviets in the war and moments when they could let us have our epic moment of victory. On the plus side the missions are well made and is definitely worth playing thru for that alone. There is also a weather mechanic that makes the winter deadly and interesting and slows down the pace of the game.DLC Campaign Ardense: Even tho this praticular campaign doesn't have a central plot and protagonist, it gives us a strategic campaign map where you pick and choose your stage of combat and have this tug of war with the germans playing as the Americans. It is good fun and is a concept they could expand upon further.Theater of War: now this was a good addition, with scenarios and challenges, as well co-op mode. My only gripe is that all the theater of war DLC is focused on the Soviets and Germands, they could have added 1 from the US perspective and Brit perspective.Multiplayer:The game as of 2017 still holds a solid multiplayer base and games are not hard to get, with 5 factions to choose from there is some variety as to what you will see on the battlefield with each faction having a distinct play style.The game supports from 1v1 to 4v4 games that can also be played against the AI solo or co-op if u got a buddy. There are tons of maps and community spotlight maps to add some serious variety and the inclusion of modding gives us an ever gorwing catalog of maps and scenarios.The game has been contantly updated in its ever going quest to be balanced, and tho not every one is pleased with that, we know the devs are invested in the game in that regards.Now my main gripe with this game is the amount of Micro Transactions in it. I generally have no problem with micro transactions as long as there is a good chance of you being able to obtain the items on your own. In this it does not seem so. After playing 40 hours I have not gotten anything but the ingame currency whch takes alot of to buy anything. It seems the devs defintiely wanted you to spend extra cash to get the commanders and abilities you want and that I am NOT cool with.All in all, this is a GREAT game and I would have given it a NEIN (pun) out of ten if it was not for the micro transactions.The game gets a solid 8 / 10 , it is no doubt a must have for any strategy game fan and even more so for the WW2 fan. With hours of content, numerous unlocks and an amazing display of warfare this game is definitely awesome and cannot be recommended enough."
76561198005577371,Not Recommended,231430,9493061,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Warlord-616x,"Yes i still play this game, and probably will for a little while just because theres simply no real rts alternatives.  I do have over 200 hours into the game which shows that its got at least some appeal to it, but my overall experiance has left me swearing more often then not, and i have to acknowledge that the game really is a waste of time overall.Unit response is so sluggish your units die unneccessarily (and seemingly wait until death is assured), units can magically go into 'miss mode' where you can have 5 tanks shooting at one that is at 5% health that doesnt die no matter how many shots are fired, or unit pathing that really seems to be doing its level best to get your units killed and goes anywhere but where you want, seems to go straight at the enemies needlessly, and exposes units backsides for no reason at all.  Tanks far too frequently need to stop completely and then completele their turns which has a tendency to get them killed.edit: and with the new tank pathing its even worse, and this is honestly the most unresponsive rts (and maybe game of any kind) in history.  It simply doesnt take commands at certain points or does the worst thing it possibly could when it FINALLY does (like deciding to go in reverse everywhere, which was supposed to be the point of the fix, but they made it even worse somehow).  I wish i was exaggeratting but coh is simply record breaking in how bad units respond or their pathing.  It really unbelievable in scale.Then there are only 2 factions, and those 2 factions are not balanced very well, and even if they were there are too many one shot kill weapons or things that can destroy your army in a single click which in my opinion goes against everything rts stands for as the enemy cant dodge this attack (see the aforementioned unit response sluggishness) and has no real defense against it except using cheese back on the enemy in turn.Player stats and much statistics are limited to missing altogether, and they keep removing more information about other players with every patch.  Also this game is THE camping/turtling rts, which is widely regarded as the realm for noobs anyways.Overall if your desperate for rts in this day and age and HAVE to have your fix and you can find this one sale for $5 then go for it, but overall its a pos and a monument to the failure of the modern video game industry.  Heck even coh 1 seemed like it had more going for it then this game, and you can find mods for it still and people to play against.Oh and last but not least (altho not limited to, there are certainly other things to gripe about in this game) this is a borderline pay to win game.  If you dont have the pay commanders, prepare yourself to always be at a MAJOR disadvantage.Really wish this wasnt the only real rts alternative today, and its a bit of a metaphor that relic went under after making it.  Honestly the more i play the i wonder why i havent uninstalled it yet, but a few  weeks later i will be missing standard rts."
76561198025173754,Not Recommended,231430,34447348,Posted: 23 August,all,Icedragon7445,actualiy a nice game but dlc shop and horrendus balancing destroy it probably worth around 5bucks for the campaign tho
76561198072032076,Not Recommended,231430,15434044,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Nigel Farage,It would be a better option to wipe your own♥♥♥♥♥♥with 29.99 than buy this game. ♥♥♥♥ the USSR hail to the ♥♥♥♥ing fatherland
76561198247487032,Not Recommended,231430,34082457,Posted: 7 August,all,GalacticCyclist,"I have game and all DLC from Steam but... Units that was included in first CoH, now you need to buy them separately. F*** amazing work right here!! Goliath and tank traps!! Buy them now!! Not to mention more serious stuff like KV-2 and ISU-152.First game have unique interesting doctrines, but CoH 2 have this f*** commanders. Why? Money, that what they want... GREED!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,231430,9152779,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Warlord Malashenko,"I played this game when it was BETA and it was a nice game, but very disbalance: T-34 couldn't fight with PzKFW IV. But when I heard that RELIC Entertainment had done with single player company I was shoked. It looks like developers are schoolboys who missed their history lessons.Yes, there were special squads named ""Zagradotryadi"", who shot retreating cowards, but in CoH 2 Soviet soldiers are shown as murders. There wasn't any soldier in our country, who would shoot civilians. Armenians, Russians, Dagestani, Ukrainians, Belorussians-it was soviet people's war. Soviet soldiers were brave, there were a lot of feats of Soviet Army soldiers. I'm proud of my country and of it's history. To make a long story short, I wish Relic entertainment to finish their homework, go to sleep and NEVER TRY TO DO HISTORICAL GAMES WITHOUT KNOWING THE HISTORY."
,Not Recommended,231430,11537041,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,BaptismByLoli,"To say that CoH2 is ""Balanced"" is equivalent to saying that Hannibal loved the Romans. It's simply wrong on many levels due to many facts and evidence which states otherwise. Forget the ""need"" of flanking and pinning when your enemy can simply spam a huge amount of MG's and Anti-Tank guns in less than 10 minutes. And watch as an extremely cheap tactics and spams by the enemy causes a slew of insults from your ""teammates"", each saying that the other is OP.Also, money-grabbing DLC nonsense which range from Commanders who have access to unique and sometimes absurdly powerful/situational units like the Soviet IS tanks or Assault Grenadiers which cost USD $4 PER COMMANDER (Yes, not a bundle) to useless and sometimes neglible War Spoils system to the stupidly placed Intelligence Bulletin, Faceplate and army skins which all seems like a desperate attempt to make it look unique. In a nutshell, Relic's post-release business practices with this game is abhorring.In short, CoH2 is a step down from it's predecessor. It had so many potential in being one of the few if not only games that could capture the unsung heroes of the Soviets during the Eastern Front but failed miserably when Relic lost its way and followed other Companies with their DLC BS and Weekly Updates which frankly, tells how you broken CoH2 already is. In addition, the fact that they portrayed the Soviet High Command as ruthless commanders is simply stupid asIt was basically Do-or-Die for the Soviets since the Nazi's pretty much was going to exterminate a high number of them due to their Non-Aryan statusIf CoH1 was all about 'MURICA, why cant CoH2 be all about 'RUSSIA when the CoH2 trailer itself gives you the feeling that this is going to be a game that tells you of the hardship and sacrifices made by the Soviet People during the war when instead you end up getting some cliche BS of a main character.I highly suggest you don't get this game unless you're tired of the generic same old America V Germans WW2 games in which case you're better off buying Red Orchestra 2 or something more in-depth like Hearts of Iron 4 which is still TBA."
,Not Recommended,231430,9147488,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,yesman55,"Pointless to buy, just play the first."
,Recommended,231430,23126212,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Commander Lizard,I played a small bit but it was fun. Don't like paying money for skins? Then scroll on down to the workshop and *gasp* there are free ones there.
76561198016738081,Not Recommended,231430,8765129,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,teddmcfred,if you played the first expect to feel same as the main character... disappointedfrom big to small changes they made the game worse overall.campaign: 2dark4me comradeco-op: funmultiplayer: micro DLC centraloverall: 6/10with rice: 11/10buy if on big saleDont buy micro DLC
,Not Recommended,231430,8797601,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Hroddric,"This game has really dissapointed me. I bought it because I really liked the prequel, and have had much fun with it. In this one there're no Allies (Uk nor us), the gameplay is repetitive, there's a lack of units and upgrades, you have to pay money to get items even after you bought the games (I'm not talking about neat items, I'm talking about commanders that let you change your commander powers)...I regret buying the game."
76561198031559325,Not Recommended,231430,9112838,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Corvette,"Just play the original if you want a WWII RTS experience, its cheaper and this is pretty much the same just different factions."
,Recommended,231430,33785960,Posted: 25 July,all,kümbela,"Hello guys, much of the players wrote that the game is not balanced and you will win the game easy by spamming rifleman in US army. I don't think like that. Actually, that was true before the latest updates but in June, there's new update that fixes everything and i dont have much time played but still, i've watched videos on youtube. If you are planning to buy this game, you should buy this game. If you like COH1 or Strategy games, you won't get bored.https://community.companyofheroes.com/discussion/67/coh-2-changelog/p4#latest(JUNE BALANCE UPDATE)Türkçesiyle, Merhaba arkadaşlar, oyunu oynayan çoğu fedai bu oyunda güçlerin dengesiz olduğunu ve rifleman falan spamleyerek Amerika olarak hemen kazanılacağından bahsetmiş. Ben buna katılmıyorum, haziranda yapılan son update ile bunların hepsi fixlendi ve şu anda durum gayet iyi. Çok oyun saatim yok ancak internette youtubedan çok fazla video izledim. Eğer bu oyunu almayı planlıyorsanız ve coh1 ya da diğer strateji oyunlarını seviyorsanız kesinlikle sizi yüzüstü bırakacağını düşünmüyorum.https://community.companyofheroes.com/discussion/67/coh-2-changelog/p4#latest(HAZİRAN'DAKİ DENGELEME UPDATE'İ)"
,Not Recommended,231430,8752882,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,JoeTheMofo,"I got totally scammed with the CE edition. After 7 years of glorius CoH1....Relic launches this long and nasty crap? What a shame Relic! The game has bad speech, bad UI, ridiculous gameplay, cartoonish physics, nasty artwork, horrible optimization, wicked doctrines, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t DLC´s pay 2 win....If you never played CoH just get the first installment. CoH2 ruined the franchise. No wonder why Relic is almost giving it for free."
76561198104334656,Not Recommended,231430,8733981,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,HB93,"Considering this is a Sequel to a great game.... It's still naff.If this was the first in the franchise. It would have started on the app store.... there's more Pay to Win features here than an MMORPG....Game is not finished esstentially, it's considerably lacking. If you want a good game, Get Company of Hero's one, and stay there. Company of Hero's Two is a Waste of Cash!!"
,Not Recommended,231430,8479128,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,(not) Y2K Compliant,"Not sure what I expected.CoH2 is to CoH1,what Supcom2 was to Supcom1.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ awful sequel but not a terrible game in its own right. Still a far cry from the company its supposed to keep.Its like that one potato child in the Kennedy family they always try to hide and nobody talks about. You know the one.Least I got it on sale so its not a total loss."
,Not Recommended,231430,9129416,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,[LS] Sorrowmancer,"I'm very disappointed. the first coh was insuperable, this is a kid's game. the campaign is nice, yes, but too easy even at the harder level. in multi, if you wanna win, you must play always in the same way. worst thing: DLC. A PAY TO WIN MODE.--edit. it seems a little better in jan 2015"
76561198006823195,Not Recommended,231430,8585695,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Virgator,"Don`t get me wrong, i like the game, I really have fun playing it, and i give it a solid 8/10-1 for the campaign being not really hard, and having cutscenes that look 5 years old.-1 for general bad changes, compared to the first part (for the engineers, why do only the soviet engineers have explosives? where are my much beloved tanktraps? why can`t the AI cut through barbedwire or repair bridges? )BUT:theDLC-politics, i really don`t mind paying money to getadditionalcontent for a game, like the ""Theatre of War""-Content, but 4€ for a Commander?? (Commanders are like the doctrines in the first part) And that Comander doesnt even have a whole bunch of new abilities, sometimes just one new ability!!Why not give the commanders with the ToW-Package??The Answer is simple: Profit...I get the felling they`re gonna milk this cow until it runs dry..Without the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC-Politics i would recommend the game!EDIT:Dont`get me wrong, they changed a lot, balanced many things and one can only appreciate the effort put into the new Content, i love the US-Campaign, it`s challenging and due to the freedom of choice and upgrading, you can play it 3-4 times without getting bored.BUT:Once again i will not recommend the game, simply due to the fact that commanders still cost 3.99€I hate theese DLC politics and iam not gonna support it...I already payed for the Base Game, the Theater of War Content, and the Ardennes Assault.Please tell me why on earth should i pay another 40-50 bucks to get the remaining commanders?"
76561198005663590,Not Recommended,231430,9065446,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Obi Wan MDB,"To be honest, its a terrible sequel. There are few things that CoH2 introduces that do make it feels like improvement, but overall it feels like its more of a one step forward, two steps backwards syndrome.If there's one thing Relic(pre/during development) or Sega( this isnt the 1st rts that they screwed up) needs to learn and know, for the love of god, please let there be dedicated server for online matches. There's a reason(though not the main one) why most of relic games arent really relished by the online community, its the p2p system for matches, which makes the matches are ridiculously annoying and unfun to play with.Comparing to its predecessor, games are surprisingly short. Probably too short. I think Relic may dabble too much into DoW2 series and forgot CoH mechanics when making CoH2. It lost the 'strategic feeling' of CoH, but doesnt really capture the 'tactical feeling' of DoW2. So what you get here is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ love child of both.The snow/blizzard system....its a gimmick. Is it good? Eh,... cant really say. I think Relic originally designed it to be a huge part of the campaign, it sure does wonder in the campaign. It does feel like winter in russia, which is freezing cold, chilling to the bone. But as a rts mechanic, I'd rather they do a working weather system, for all weather for multiplayer purposes.If you are getting this game, you better have a good connection if you want to play online, or pray that your opponent does. If not, stick to AI matches, or play with friends. The campaign and other features are okey, but I'd rather play the predecessor."
76561197974560612,Not Recommended,231430,8797050,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Wodian,To unbalanced they try to fix it and it makes it even more unbalanced.  Also 1 Player can lag the entire match to a stand still which is almost every match. Response times to units being moved and them going the way you want them is also lagged and the pathing they decide to take isn't the one you want.  On top of that the DLC is overpriced for example when you do get a game that isn't lagging and your using one of the better commanders your luck to be able to call units such as the tiger ace because the match ends so fast so its a waste of money to buy the commander.
76561198142099129,Recommended,231430,23648879,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,[2.Han.IR]Goldmania™,"WWII - CheckActual Need of Strategy for Winning - CheckVariety in Terms of Units - CheckNo Pay to Win (With New Warspoils 2.0 Update) - CheckNice Developers - CheckR*tard Mid-Game Rage Quitters - Check (Double Check)Not Bad AI (Even Better Than Some Players) - CheckFor a good WWII strategy game, this game have all the specs. The only thing it needs a ban system for rotten potatoes.Also I killed a Tiger with a T-70 by simply rotating around faster than its turret speed.19/44 would choose T-70 over a Tiger again."
76561197995233666,Not Recommended,231430,14495243,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Kiowa,"Company of Heroes 2 is worse than Company of Heroes 1 in every aspect of gameplay save for graphical fidelity, weather systems, the ability to hop fences, and vehicle reverse.Company of Heroes 1 has more replayability, faction diversity, interesting player choices in the vein of tech pacing and it's doctrines, meaningful balanced asymmetry between the factions and their units, and perhaps most noteably, it succeeds in living up to it's name in every way, where as Company of Heroes 2 fails to deliver in it's demonization of the soviet union, and it's portrayal of every commanding officer being a monster with noredeeming qualities, and painting the infantryman of the USSR as cowards who would not fight if not for the gun at the back of their heads, despite the Wehrmacht killing their families and threatening to completely overrun their country.Overall, it's this gamer's opinion that you should just buy Company of Heroes one, look into the excellent Blitzkrieg mod, and enjoy a game that is much, much better than Company of Heroes two."
76561197968455067,Not Recommended,231430,17326913,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,ParanoidJack,"Sickening how they turned this great franchise into a micro transaction pay to win mess...The base game is still great. I love CoH more than any RTS. My entire problem is with the way they have turned CoH2 into a huge micro transaction pay to win game where the more you play the better your troops/guns/vehicles are.So if you buy the base game you get several commanders. I can't remember specifics but the original armies from the first release gave you more options than the Western Front Armies. More commands. Six commanders for the Soviets because I bought the digital deluxe version and got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't get me started on what I got for my extra $40. Six extra commanders and some vehicle textures, oh joy!Anyway, it has been a long time since the beta testing and since I started playing retail. More on that a bit later. If I am not mistaken there will be three to six starter commanders for the Soviets (three of those are from the deluxe version I think), the German Wehrmacht came with three to six (again three extra from the Deluxe Edition I think), the Western Front Armies add-on came with three each for US Forces and the German Oberkommando West. I've logged one hundred hours of nothing but skirmish and online multiplayer. Though I tend to play skirmish mode mostly. At the end of the game you get random drops. Since purchase I have got ten Soviet commanders to drop. Nine Wehrmacht commanders. And one (yes, just one) US Forces commander to drop even though I have played mainly the US forces since the release of Western Front Armies.The problem? When we beta tested you got to picked the commander and their combat options or perks so to speak. With the retail release you don't have that option and even though the two base armies have lots of commanders and intel bulletins that randomly drop at end game the commanders are too similar in my opinion. And the Intel Bulletins are basically improvements to your existing options. So the more you play the better your sqauds/guns/tanks are.The add-on of the Western Forces gave very little. Random drops are almost non existant because they only have several extra commanders and they are trying to get you to buy them for $3.99 each. And there in lies the problem. Since Western Front Armies went live I have scored one commander and it was a cruel joke. His first perk is a WC51 Military Truck w/ .50 cal HMG mounted on the back that can't even pin down a squad of engineers. Not to mention they (any squad even engineers) can take it out so fast it is completely worthless on the battlefield. Does that sound balanced? Oh, but if I buy the other commanders they have much better options you say? No, thanks.I recommend buying the entire game if you can get it on the cheap. I regret paying one hundred US dollars for the so called deluxe version. I have bought the Western Front Armies and the British Forces but grudgingly. Like I said I love CoH and since the original CoH I can't play other RTS games because they are just weak. I love the franchise and the game mechanics. I hate the way Sega screwed us loyal fans with this micro transaction BS."
76561198005721940,Not Recommended,231430,8733365,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,321,"good and bad points: 1. 1v1 and 2v2 is fairly balanced at the moment for auto match.2. 3v3 and expecially 4v4 is so unbalanced atm in favour of the german faction due to german armour being very difficult to destroy expecially panthers .3. things i think should be fixed are the conscript anti tank grenade against panthers which just constantly bounce off, i actually have more luck disabling the tiger engine then the panther which i find strange.su85 should get there original speed back since it was the only real counter to the panther for the cost value per tank.russian inf anti tank weapons are useless bring in the bazooka or something a little better than the rifle the gaurds have.Dissapointed not to have normal game lobbys like in coh1.As u may have noticed i am totally 1 sided as i mainly play russians . but the point is i like 3v3 and 4v4 and now unless soviets own the whole map early on they stand no chance late game at all .  German factions just sit back and wait til all of a sudden 4 to 8 panthers roll on the field and its game over. If u like coh1 and liked playing allies and you are thinking of buying coh2 then i would suggest playing 1v1 or 2v2 automatch .i cant make many comments on the campaighns srry i havent really played them."
,Not Recommended,231430,8748734,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,UberDerps,"tl:dr spend money on the first one and download blitzkrieg mod you'll get your moneys worth out of it.no just no, i tried it again played some of the story line then some skirmishes some with friends and then bots. but still no, then we went back to coh blitzkrieg mod again and had fun. this had the makings of a great game to be, but just fell short even the camera angle feels weird, maybe im use to the first one this one seems way to zoomed in. you hardly get any vechiles in the game as well maybe a few tanks here and there but nothing on a grand or epic scale like the first one. since relic was develpoing this game it seemed great but ever since they went under and sega took over and added their arcade style to it. the game imo fell threw the cracks either because sega didnt know how to continue editing it and just pushed out what relic had who knows."
76561197983844141,Not Recommended,231430,8746122,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,DedLight{UFIP},"what year did this game come out? 2013, then why the hell does it not have SLI/Crossfire support? i dont care how your cold tech works with mulit GPU. This day in age people are running multi screens setups, ultra HD screens. U absolutly need multiple cards. Such a disappointment, bought this game before i knew about the lack of support. I have a 2560x1600 res monitor. did not spend 600 bucks on it so i could play it on low video settings"
76561198008912920,Not Recommended,231430,8686049,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Bayleaf,"The graphics are excellent and in due course I hope to comment on the game play.  For now, however, I seem to be groping around in the dark because the developers seem to be following the latest fashion of providing neither a manual nor an immediately obvious walk through to take one through the basics.Eventually I stumbled across the latter but it did not lead to a favourable first impression and frankly it would have been better if the tutorials had stood front and centre rather than promotional material for further DLCs, which I will probably never reach."
,Not Recommended,231430,35145052,Posted: 22 September,all,Astarot,"I'm personally giving it a thumbs down due to the multiplayer (really the main reason to get a game like this, an sadly the campain is really lack luster, bad voice acting, an at times jarring cutscenes that can really rip you from the story.)The multiplayer is....abysmal for anyone that wants to get into it, it one of those games that has a really-really steep learning curve, an the game has no problem with ""Throwing you to the wolves."" The match making system is really basic, it doesn't really take into account wins or losses, it simply matches you with players of similar settings, an map selections. So unless you have a lot of time to dedicate to the multiplayer to learn every in an out of each unit, an all the strategies for said units, don't bother getting it, because you will get stomped each time you play by those that dedicate way to much time to it.TLDR: campaign is meh, an the multiplayer is not very friendly."
,Not Recommended,231430,20286217,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Nalle88,"Amount of DLC and crash-grabbing here is ridiculous. Also the Linux/Mac support is really poor even if it claims to offer one. Came as a suprise the online play does not work cross-platform, so you can only play agains other macs with a mac lol. Also the graphics on mac are really fawked up."
,Not Recommended,231430,9176022,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Moptopgames,My play time shows that I was barely able to play the game that being said the game itself caused my computer to horribly crash 4 times before I finally gave up got rid of it and won't be playing it ever again. If your a masochist and love emotional and physical pain than by all means buy this game and waste 40 dollars destroying your computer. I on the other hand cannot recommend this game to anyone with a sensible mind. In short don't buy it...it's a trap.
76561198039227284,Recommended,231430,31947334,Posted: 25 May,all,-=SupremeMaster=-,"I dont see why everyone is ♥♥♥♥♥ing LOL This game is awesome! I have happily invested into this game for the mere fact I want them to make another. Multiplayer community has and always will be strong. Even After years since release I just cant help but come back and play multiplayer anytime I get the chance. My only biitch is I would like even more maps, I've already mastered every single map! Anyways, this game is amazing."
,Recommended,231430,28550820,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Shakar,"Company of Heroes 2 is a grand strategy game and a premium title of the genre.Very good story, coop missions and instant action battles are included, a huge multiplayer community plays the game online.There are 2 campaigns, the campaign of the base game is for the Soviet Union and the second campaign can be bought as DLC is for the US Forces in the Ardennes.The second campaign has great tactical freedom, the player can choose his officers and squads but also in which direction the offensive should go to.In compare with the first part of the series which had more campaigns and single player content, the second one has a great multiplayer instead of additional singleplayer campaigns and people can choose free between coop and versus missions, what is really great.Rating:Graphic: 8/10Sound: 9/10Gameplay: 9/10"
76561197975732248,Not Recommended,231430,9097073,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,iThrud,"Thouroughly disappointed in this. And to add insult to injury, they want to sell dlc too.The game comes across feeling stilted, incomplete, and too simple compared to its illustrious predecessor."
76561198007015413,Not Recommended,231430,8499300,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,sakbullets,Big disappointment to the COH series.  It just doesnt have the same feel as the first one.
76561198047031550,Not Recommended,231430,8689661,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,exkitsune,5/10
76561198031895482,Not Recommended,231430,8499684,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Vultre9,"Campaign cinematics are rough and poorly voice acted. New winter maps add tedious micro management to anybody with infantry they want to keep on the feild. Multiplayer is 100% focused primarily on tank spam as most anti-tank units dont stand a chance against any normal tank push. Cant speak for the DLC but you can see everybody elses complaints.Company of Heroes Online was better than this trash, and it was a free to play game. Dont waste your money even if it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,231430,8793417,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,SharpEyeHodgey,"The base game is pretty alright. Unfortunately the new Commander system ruins the game. Rather than having 3 to choose from just like the first COH, you now have several different commanders to choose from. The real problem though is that there are Commander packages and single ones you can buy from the store for around $8.. You can possibly get a commander in a drop after a battle (A drop I hear you ask? Yes it's ♥♥♥♥in stupid.. this is a strategy game not a ♥♥♥♥in free to play FPS game but anyway) I have played for a few months now and have never received a Commander.. only bulletins which are another stupid addition to the game, they are pointless little perks. E.g. Your conscript soldiers are now 2% more accurate. <This is such a small percentage that you won't even notice it. Every bulletin in the game is insignificant. There are some units in the game that you will never be able to use UNLESS you pay to get the Commander that holds them. ♥♥♥♥ the person that ruined this game. Greedy buggers."
,Not Recommended,231430,9858141,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,DazMagik,THIS IS A DARDS GAME BUY IT BRA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
76561198034606602,Recommended,231430,25197179,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,TerpeneProfile,"All in all........ This is quite possibly the best RTS ever made.  Takes many hours to even get where you feel like you are getting the hang of it.  However, when victory againts another player comes your way........ How sweet it is..  Go buy it.  You will be glad you did"
76561198045206442,Not Recommended,231430,8998543,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,r3,"Overall, the second installment of the COH series is a disappointment. The first game was such a classic. I felt it really revolutionized the genre of RTS, allowing for a unique gameplay. I'm not much for rushing/spamming strategies, so the original COH was a challenge, in that I was always pushing for resources, not allowing me to remain in my comfortable ""turtle"" style of gameplay. It never felt overwhelming, or too hurried, but rather just generally rushed, like a pitched battle would.The second edition has not changed all that much from that recipe. There are some neat whiz-bang things like cold, and ice, and the ability to jump obstacles. However, these do little to add to the authenticity of the game. Instead, they just clutter up your decision-making with additional selections to be made each time you want to move a unit. Now, rather than selecting a squad and advancing to a location, I find myself micromanaging each squad. Sprinting from fire to fire to keep warm, or ensuring that they assault over walls rather than going over them keeps me from focusing on the big picture. Trying to manage three separate forces in a winter map? Good luck. You'll be hard pressed to track a few units, let alone forces spread across a map when a snowstorm blows in.As far as balance is concerned, Soviet conscript doctrine seems to be vastly overpowered. The ability to produce nearly 3 units in the timeframe makes playing as the Soviets far too easy and against them far too difficult, on any setting. The Germans cannot keep up with the Soviet onslaught, and as a result are very dissatisfying to play. Perhaps this is true to life, but it certainly makes for an unappealing faction in this game.The Command Loadout function is probably intended to help with this... but I've not been able to understand it. I cannot determine what I'm changing, what the changes are affecting, and how they will assist my game. There seem to be far too many options, many of which appear to be cosmetic (do I really need to pick from 5 different camouflage patterns, none of which do anything to help conceal my equipment and Soldiers?) and of little value.The graphics appear to be exactly the same as the original COH, though what can you honestly do with tiny little figures? I won't fault the maker for that.Overall, I'm under the impression that Relic took a great game that was becoming a bit stale, slapped a new face/ generals on it, cluttered the UI, made it more difficult to control the battlefield, and ensured that anyone just coming into the Series will be thoroughly confused. Not worth the money I paid for it at all."
76561197990545483,Not Recommended,231430,8741344,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,WalrusWar,"I was a big fan of CoH1, but this was a grande disappointment"
76561197993130901,Not Recommended,231430,8771390,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,FALLOUT DEAD,"Its ok, they still have bugs that need to be worked out."
,Not Recommended,231430,8583524,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,wats-it-to-ya,"I absolutely loved Company of Heroes 1.  It was one of the best rts games I've ever played.  I had high expectations of this one, maybe a little too high.  Haven't played recently so maybe it's been changed but the flamethrower truck was just way too overpowered.  Every mission that's all you need.  Totally killed the game for me and haven't played since."
,Recommended,231430,25601322,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,beelee,nice game like Command and conquer generals...OLD but GOLD!!!!
,Not Recommended,231430,13098664,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Will E Owens,This game is not even close tobeing as good as the original.
76561198012165673,Recommended,231430,8888703,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Gen Qureshi,This game is excellent and also very addicitve....I am a diehard fan of this game and use to play it daily. The only bad thing about the game is that it doesn't support crossfire and Sli both. So if you have excellent card with you still there are some performance issues and relic needs to release the patch for it to fix this issue..
76561197998651357,Not Recommended,231430,8011274,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,N3ss3,It's just worse than the first one in every aspect.
,Not Recommended,231430,8776447,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Yung Trog,"Absolutely not, after playing the game for 300 plus hours the game is extremely repetitive. Sega/Relic even have the audacity to remove the highly favored custom lobby, which would allow players to select games to play with random people online at their own leisure, now the only thing left to choose from is the pathetic automatch.  It can easily be said that matchmaking is worthless along with being unbalanced, with your team either being a group of moronic third graders or your enemies being ""s00per l33t MLG noscope' pro's"" capable of wiping you out extremely quickly.Looking for a long battle? Not here, not with the lovely VP game, in all my hours of gameplay my longest game of VP (including 1v1, 2v2, 3v3, and 4v4) was only a solid 35-40 minutes.Note: Expect an enemy to build something logical? Nope, they'll just spam cheap OP tanks with their purchased OP commander.  Playing as russian? Congratulations, you just won! Oh, unless you're playing against the Elite German Doctrine, which is also purchasable, who can insta rank his units up for a pitiful amount of fuel and bring in the unbeatable Tiger Ace mid-late game.If you're looking at Company of Heroes 2 for rich unit diversity and capable counters, along with nice maps, look further, like, way further, because this game isnt for you.  In Coh2 artillery isnt even that important of an influence anymore, maybe besides the much spammed 120mm mortar by the soviets. Also it should be noted there arent bridges anymore, atleast not bridge maps which if all or most are destroyed will effectively cut off your enemies from striking you.All in all I do -NOT- reccomend this game, it's a sad attempt to rake in the money with their over powered or worthless doctrines/commander DLC's. I think I'd even go as far as saying that you, the player/reader should try Coh1, considering the older game STILL and will probably FOREVER outclass its sequel.UPDATE, SEPTEMBER 2015:  GAME STILL ♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS. ESPECIALLY WITH ALL THE EXTRA L33T ♥♥♥♥ING DLC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T.  DON'T BUY THIS GAME FOR FULL PRICE, DON'T BUY THE DLC.   ♥♥♥♥♥ ON THE FORUMS AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE. ♥♥♥♥♥ AT SEGA."
,Not Recommended,231430,8735284,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Folly Corp,Unenjoyable. for me at least. read the other reviews for reasons.no wonder most peole have so few hours in this game
,Not Recommended,231430,8638791,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Renesco,"Awful successor to one of the best games ever made. CoH2 has no soul, would not recommend.Edit: After about 30 hours and completing the campaign, I'm keeping negative review.-DLC everywhere, and it's crappy overpriced DLC which are basically AI skirmishes or a mish-mash of the old opposing front armies from Coh1-The voice acting is terrible, I recognise one of the voice actors from titan quest, in that game he was putting on a Greek accent, in this game he's putting on a Russian accent. He can't do either properly and just sounds like a Mexican putting on funny accents-The Russians are portrayed a lot worse than they really were in WW2 in my opinion. The campaign just makes it look like they only fought because they had a gun to their heads, and I'm pretty sure commissars didn't go around executing entire platoons of fighting troops on the front for the lulz-I can't seal off areas with tank traps and sandbags like in Coh1, I know this isn't a huge deal but I prefer to be able toCoH2 gets a 4/10 from me2016 Edit:After putting in another 30+ hours I'm keeping the negative review, although there is a defence mod now to add tank traps and stuff which is real nice, and I do enjoy playing the British in multiplayer games, both those nice things are offset by the Ardennes Campaign, which is basically a bunch of skirmishes with randomly applied victory conditions. Even on sale at 7 euro I think I overpaid for this crap. It's also hilarious how, after paying for the Ardennes stuff you are immediately prompted to buy a new commander for 5 bux for your new DLC."
,Not Recommended,231430,9094213,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Greeb,"This game claims to be the successor of Company of Heroes, but is just a diluted version of the former made for selling tons of useless DLCs.The game itself could be good, but the addition of unbalaced paid units makes it unplayable in multiplayer.It lacks a lot of features that any game after the year 2005 should have and that its predecessor had, like game lobbies, chatrooms ingame, mod support, etc.In short. The game isn't worth its price. Even if you found the game cheap in steam's sales, the multiplayer experience is terrible unless you waste a lot of money buying overpriced DLCs.Do not buy. Stay away from this game. Don't support these gaming business policies."
,Not Recommended,231430,11185775,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Handy Man Kira,"This game is so amazing, it has all of the components of a perfect RTS.  But the optimization is so bad.  Don't get this unless NASA borrows your PC on weekends.EDIT:  I've been off of COH 2 for a while and the new workshop gamemodes are fun.  This is a step in the right direction, but it's still not enough."
,Recommended,231430,30820577,Posted: 29 March,all,ZombehJawsh,"Amazing game, I can see a Vietnam version, that would be amazing or even some more DLC for this game. Go into Africa and maybe even the pacific theatre."
76561198004361027,Not Recommended,231430,9865263,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,TinoCro,So bad
,Not Recommended,231430,8746717,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,AGR2k6,♥♥♥♥ off this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!It is a waste of time!!And full of crashes for all graphics cards!!!Never fixed!
76561198235844010,Recommended,231430,18562653,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Comrade Fluffy the Reaper,Mac players need the US forces and Oberkommando west (man that is a mouth full) to make it more fun.BUT...it is very good.FOR THE MOTHERLAND!
76561198084362337,Recommended,231430,24646062,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Dark Flamingo,"When the screams of you men are drowed out by your own insatiable lust for a higher pop cap, this my freind, is when you are truly playing COH2.At no point will you ever feel more alive then when your forces make the final push, deep into the heart of the Fatherland, only to be crushed by the boom tank. Their broken bodies will litter the ground and only your weakest infantry unit will be left.PTSD is nothing compaired to the life changeing realization that the force that you have beaten back from your main base was not their main force.Bend over and prepare thine♥♥♥♥♥♥for the long♥♥♥♥♥♥of German armor and the unstopable fun that is COH2.10/10 would lose again."
76561197988532231,Not Recommended,231430,8671221,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,X-75,"Purchased when it was on sale, otherwise I'd be furious...The game itself seems alright, unfortunately I get about 4 FPS even with all settings down as far as they go and running at 1280 resolution. Many others have complained about the performance, and seeing as the game has been released awhile, this will not be fixed.My machine should certainly be capable of running on at least minimal settings. Quad core, GTX260, 16 GB Ram, server grade SDD. Sega also lists the requirements as significantly below what I have.TL;DR -- If you loved the first game and have a top top top end gaming machine, you will think this game is alright. If your  machine is anything less than the most elite, you will be disappointed with performance. I've read about users with machines newer than mine and still having to deal with single digit FPS."
,Recommended,231430,22920619,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Dal ☑ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ,"its a great game, if you buy this game you will enjoy it.but it's also full of useless DLC that you will need to pay for in order to play it to its full extent like in CoH1"
,Not Recommended,231430,17924510,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Saika55,"Wether or not you should by this game depends on what you like, but I'm going to say some of the problems I have with this game and its developers. And its gonna be long, but If you're serious about getting this game I suggest you read through it.Balance:One of the most important things for a developer should be game balance right? Should come right after mechanics on the list of things to perfect. Well not Relic, its just content, content, more content, had enough content yet? And its like, yay thats good right? Long game long life? well no. Despite having ""beta"" tries before releasing large content updates (most recently the UKF) they still blatantly miss so many clearly unfair advantages that factions have. The list is too long to put here. Although they do usually fix it eventually, it takes weeks and even months for problems that clearly should have been patched in the beta.Mechanics:Anyone whos played this game will tell you that unit pathfinding is sometimes the most infuriating thing you've ever seen. Tanks that do donuts, scout cars that go around the map to get to the other side of a bridge, Mortar getting up and walking into the enemy line when you tell it to fire, etc. While one of the core aspects of Company of heroes is to require a lot of user input so your troops don't get shelled, having to check to make sure your units actually do what you tell them to do is just frustrating.Multiplayer and Map design:The Multiplayer ranking system that pairs you with opponents, while initally is helpful, eventually will put you at a rank where you can get paired up with people new to the game and people that haven't stopped playing since 2013Most of the really good maps in CoH2 are not available in multiplayer automatch.Content, oh god, the content:You'd assume a lot of content was a good thing, but just to put things in perspective, if you were to take all DLC to date for CoH2 at full price, including the game itself, you would spend over $370. For a game that still has mechanic failures and glitches, thats just sad.Developer Abandonment:The are numerous units, abilities, commanders, maps, game modes, etc, that the devs changed way back in the day, and never touched it again, rather than balance current content in the game, they just release unbalanced new content.Random Number Generator:Unlike some other RTS games, Like Age of Empires or Supreme Commander, when any units engage each other on the battlefield, while there are a number of factors as to who will win, a very large part is simply wether the game decides you win or not. This game is more luck based than any game I've seen short of card games. It is entirely possible, extremely unlikely, but entirely possible for a T-70 light tank to kill a King Tiger in a head on engagement. Wether your tank hits or not is up to chance, and wether it actually goes through is also up to chance, and wether pathfinding will let either tank run away is up to chance.And most importantly,Developer Greed:This game is an obvious cash-grab, but it didn't start out that way. Now take a look at their plan. They release unbalanced content, and don't fix it for weeks-months, so everybody buys it, because they want the advantage. Almost every single DLC to date has followed that pattern. They have a drop system for in game items that is so rare, and so inconsitent, so out of your control that you are compelled to want to buy a doctrine you want to try because you know you'll never get it otherwise.I know its a dying game, but if you like the RTS genre and WW2, get Company of Heroes 1 and its two DLC, it has its own balance issues, but it's more well made than this game. It was made back when the developers actually gave a dam."
,Recommended,231430,20362337,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Icehour,shining example of what an RTS game should be: a mix of classic mechanics with new features and technology.
,Recommended,231430,28860241,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Leader of the Shits Given,"I have over 500 hours in skirmish only. I have never played the campaign or multiplayer. I have bought all factions they have released. I do not regret those purchases. The AI is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I still find myself playing against it for hours at a time, sometimes with friends. I can't recommend it for the campaign or multiplayer experience, from what I can tell, both are just absolute trash, but I really enjoy the game and the factions, DLC or not. People worry too much about that fact, ""oh it's got a lot of DLC I hate it"", ""oh my god, with all of the additions and care the developer has put into the game, its like you're paying for 30% of the game at base price"", well no♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's a AAA game, should be 60 bucks right now. It's twenty. a third of the price. Fancy that.Relic has taken good care of the game, they didn't just release it and leave it. They have made numerous free updates and have ADDED to the game, hence an ADDITION to the price. I don't know why people don't realise that they are developing new content through DLC. Overkill does the same with PD2, and it's ♥♥♥♥ing great because of it. People these days want content hand-outs, that's not how♥♥♥♥♥♥works. Relic puts time and effort into DLC for the game, that comes with a cost, just like the game itself did when it was released.Be happy with this great game, 30 dollars bought me 500+ hours of enjoyment and I only played a third of what the game had to offer, there's still the other 2 thirds of campaign and multiplayer for me.Highly recommend.EDIT: Don't understand why so many are complaining about the whale and dolphin skin packs and♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's for ♥♥♥♥ing charity. ""oh my god 15 dollar skins wtf a game developer supporting CHARITY INSTEAD OF DEVELOPING A GAMEE??"" Ridiculous. Also some are complaining about the future lack of balancing and updating after one getting shot down in the light of their charity event. They've gone way beyond the call of duty with what updates they have released. The developer is not entitled by any means to continue working with a AAA release, especially as long as Relic has.Still highly recommend to any WW2 fanatics or RTS connoisseurs."
76561198199225474,Recommended,231430,33250919,Posted: 4 July,all,Under_Thunder,"Purchased the Master Collection version of this game (which includes all DLCs),  during the summer sale (75% off) and I am  really happy with my purchase. Even at full price, this game is worth it.PROS:1- Realistic gameplay, like for example heavy machine guns are able to supress the enemy infantry and pin them down,.. Tank combat is great, you can sometimes see the shells bounce off the tanks armor,  + if you hit the tank from its rear or side, you will be able to damage it more than if you hit its front thick armor. Flanking is very important in this game, like in reality.2-Very nice graphics and effects.3-Long and addictive Soviet campaign, which takes you from the German offensive in 1941 to the Soviet counter attack from late 1942 in Stalingrad, all the way to Berlin. If you purchase the Master Collection, you can play also the American Campaign + single player missions, + the ability to play as the British Army, the US army and the Western late( 1944-1945) Nazi army.You don't need to purchase the full package, you can purchase the DLCs separately if you want.4-Even after 4 years, the online gaming room is still full of game matches! ..You can always find matches no matter what time you get in.5-The game gives you 2 factions to play for the standard edition, but you can have up to 5 factions if you purchase the DLCs. What is interesting is that every faction is a lot different from other faction. Like for example the Soviets have cheaper and more troops than the Axis faction, Axis faction have the best tech equipement and best tanks in the game, but they are much more expansive than the soviet armor for example. There are pluses and minuses for each faction.CONS:1- Even if you do buy the Master collection (all the DLCs included), there are in-game purchases,like a wide variety of commanders and other in game items like skins. These are not necessary of course, you can unlock them by playing, but it will take a looong time to unlock them. There are a few free commanders but the majority of the commanders are for sale, and they are costly (around 4 or 5$ for each commander!)  That is a lot.Commanders offer a good variety with every commander being a lot different than the other, which in turn affects your gameplay strategy. If you ever want to buy a commander, wait for a sale, you can buy them for about 1$ each if there is a 75% sale.  I dont recomment buying the commanders at full price. Just wait for a sale.Overall that is a great game, you can play for a thousand hour and not get bored, since it offers many factions, and many commanders to try out,  online rooms are full in peak times,  The ability to play VS the CPU as well.  High level of replayability.I strongly recomment purchasing this game"
76561198007643382,Not Recommended,231430,9972827,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,What?,"Unbalanced dismal rush only multiplayer, a completely forgetable single player and so much paid DLC that SOE and EA look like saints next to the BS Sega is pulling here. This game is so bad they needed to make DLC to try to basically turn it back into CoH 1. They failed. The entire feel is so very differnt which while not always a bad thing in this case makes the game feel more like a political statement then a game.I have put alot of hours into this thing and alot of money for the Officers, I can say without a doubt that I hope they don't make a CoH3. I played with friends for hours upon hours in CoH1 and we still quote the game ""Denickolose Williams Weapons and AMMO"" ""Conrad tie your damn laces."" We have nothing to quote excpet OOORRRRAAAAHHH over and over......The banter seems like a small thing but with the Americans ♥♥♥♥♥ing about corprate greed at home all the time and so on and so fourth it drags the whole game into a ""I don't want to be here."" mood that really makes me at least not want to play it."
76561198038477634,Recommended,231430,25606598,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Pvt Rolf,"Okay so ive played both the first one and the second one. the first one was great, actually insanely epic !!! when the second one came back in 2013 i was so damn excited. i started playing and was abit dissapointed, but ive now been playing it for a few years and i absolutely llove this game. it is abit monotonous with its one and only game mode but putting that aside the factions are great. this time CoH2 really challenges me with its AI, given im not that great but i can hold my own. with the added mods this game is even better adding more modes and maps etc. i must say though if you do want the full experience of the game the DLCs have to be bought, without them the game can get a little dry. im not going to go into depth about the game i just wanted to add my 2 cents and say that if you enjoy strategy WW2 games this is definitly a must buy !!!!  i would give this game a 7/10, if they just added more modes and a few extra features this game could be a 10/10"
,Recommended,231430,17913885,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Classy^^,"First of all, I've played the orginial Company of Heroes a lot. I had around 200 hours into the original Company of Heroes game (not reflected in steam hours due to me having it played a pirated version with friends untill I finally bought the game a few years later on) which I've been playing from time to time on an amateur level for around 4 to 5 years. That being said, I'm just the average player in Company of Heroes.Now, I have conflicting thoughts about Company of Heroes 2.THE BAD:- Poorly optimised:This is a big issue, I'm running this game on an i7 2600k processor with a gtx770 graphics card while the game is installed on an HDD, (mid-tier pc). Loading times are crazy, even if you have this game stored on an SSD, your opponent might not have done the same so you will still be forced to wait untill both of you have loaded in.The framerate is also terrible, I first played this game on 'recommended' settings and noticed my framerate going below 60 a lot. In the recommended settings everything was pretty much changed to normal, the game on normal settings looks even worse than the original CoH (sarcasm.. or is it??). So I tried max settings, to see what it would look like. Strange enough after I've maxed out the game (a part from AA, set that on 2x) I surprisingly had a higher FPS, wait what?- User interface:The user interface is a mess, all sorts of icons of different colours and artstyles everywhere, they are not fitting together plus common usage of extremely ugly colours.The visual assistance in the maps also looks terrible when it comes to territory control, each flag has a circle around it with a colour which represents the team which is holding it, but it also has another outline which is indicating the border between said point and other points. This makes it look messy, should have stuck with the orginal Company of Heroes design when it comes to that. The minimap is also extremely bad, it's hard to find units on there.- BoostersNow, I used to be a Counter-Strike player, I'm extremely font of the idea of only offering cosmetics for money, nothing else. A game should also be extremely balanced and both sides should  have the exact same chance to win if they would have the exact same amount of skill.This game rewards you with playing by giving you boosters every now and then, which means they are rewarding good players with perks such as having a tank deal more damage, or infantry having more accuracy. Cosmetics is what it should stay at, never reward players by making them even stronger, their experience itself should make them strong enough already. Sad part is that you can even BUY these boosters together with commanders and other things.THE GOOD:- Still has most of the great mechanics and concepts from the original Company of Heroes, they have made a few changes here and there, such as having green cover while infrantry is walking next to heavy tanks etc. Really great improvements in general a part from a few things which I've mentioned here above. The multiplayer system is also pretty decent, you can earn XP for winning and losing matches, you can unlock cosmetics and slight boosts, the cosmetic part is fine but the boosts are absolutely not, e.g commanders and the other assets which slightly improve a select amount of things. (e.g riflemen have 3% more accuracy).- The matchmaking system is pretty great, I've played multiplayer a few times, usually matches me up within 30 seconds against a player of similair skill. Had a few mismatches a few times but that I don't mind.- Nice visuals if you can run it, eventhough it's poorly optimised, the game looks decent on max settings. Really gives me a kick sometimes when I call in an airstrike with lets say rockets to take out hostile light armour.My common sense is telling me I shouldn't enjoy this game due to it's way of making money and poor optimisation, but this is all outweighted by the good old Company of Heroes legendary gameplay mechanics."
,Not Recommended,231430,17822092,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,RickLorenZ,"What is Company of Heroes 2? A freaking mobile game?!There are SO many high priced DLCs that feel as though they SHOULD have been in the base game. Only two base factions? One short campaign? A decently good multiplayer? Really?The US Forces are DLC, a second Germany faction is DLC, the British are DLC, the US Forces campaign is a DLC... And they're not CHEAP DLC either. They're selling you DLC for full-game prices. So let me break this down for those who aren't catching on.Multiplayer DLCUS Forces               $132nd German Army    $13British                     $13Campaign DLCUS Forces               $40British next???ExpansionsUS Forces Campaign, Single squad (FOX)Several missions for the original gameMiscellanious DLCTONS of skins for vehiclesTONS of perks that barely boost your performance (highest I've seen is a 3% increase)Several different leaders (different special units and abilities)You have to buy the US Forces TWICE! Once for their campaign, once to use them in multiplayer! Why?!?! The campaign is $40 as it is, and then you throw a $13 multiplayer charge on top of that? PLUS there's an expansion for the campaign that costs money as well? And it's only a new US Forces squad?I really do not mind the use of DLC to expand the experience, but it really feels like I'm being ripped off by purchasing CoH2. Even though I got it on a great sale. I bought the sale bundle and got DLC that I can't even use without the US Forces Campaign DLC, which wasn't included in the DLC bundle. Seriously? So now I either buy a $40 DLC, or I live with the fact I bought DLC I literally cannot use.In all honesty, I enjoyed CoH1 more anyway. There are a few improvements to CoH2, but not enough for me to justify telling anyone to buy CoH2 and ALL the DLCs being made.Stick with CoH1. You'll get the full experience of CoH2, but at an affordable price. :)"
76561198066121320,Recommended,231430,30502016,Posted: 13 March,all,Helix Vaetis,"I've wasted 37 hours on this game (as of the moment when I made this review- I guarantee you that number is going to skyrocket over time), and I have not regretted a single moment of it. I have no regrets about every second I spent, desperately drowning the determined German advance with tides of equally determined conscripts as I buy precious time for my T34/76's to make it to the frontlines to crush that StuG pounding that machine gun nest suppressing that sniper attempting to kill that squad of engineers as they repair the machine gun nest, while a trio of Panzers attempt to smash through the right side offensive spearheaded by a trio of American Shermans with two British Crocodile heavy tanks, and a M10 Tank Destroyer right behind them with German 8-cm mortars falling about the armor engagement as infantry fight and die all around them in the muddy trenches of Hill 331.Yeah, it gets pretty hectic.This game also has workshop support, meaning you have mods. And thank the God-Emperor for those, as the most enjoyment I've gotten from this game comes from two mods- the More Units mod, and the Resources for Players mod. Both of these have added more playtime on this game dramatically for me, and I've spent too many weekends in a single game for an hour or more, deploying intricate defensive networks and minefields in order to destroy any possible hope the four expert AIs have of dislodging my 500 population cap tank force inching bit by bit up their territory as I build up dozens of mortar positions on my side of the map with barrage units, to crush their pitiful 'armies'.Oh. And OKW and British can be ridiculously powerful when played right. OKW has some of the most powerful heavy tanks in the game alongside Russia and Wehrmacht, while British use some extremely 'interesting' units.The base game comes with only two factions, the German Wehrmacht and the Russian Red Army. Both are just as powerful as the DLC factions, as all factions have their strengths and weaknesses. Wehrmacht generally follow a early to mid-game infantry offensive with a gradual inclusion of armor, while the Soviets turn out hordes of expendable infantry in a grind to get to it's formidable armor forces like the daunting KV2.OKW uses powerful but expensive forces overall, and it's early-game infantry and vehicles are devastating against other armies. Late game, it struggles until it reaches it's most powerful heavy tanks which can turn the tide of battle. More then just the units though, OKW relies heavily on how you play it, as many of it's units are highly situational, such as the thermal searchlight halftrack which can reveal enemies hidden in the fog of war, which is best used on the offensive with fast moving armor units.British play somewhat differently from their COH1 version, but many principles are still the same. They have access to the Sherman Firefly which is essentially a Medium tank, given the firepower of a tank destroyer. Pretty neat eh? It also has access to some of the more decent Allied heavy tanks, in comparison to the Russians and Americans. They also use some really powerful defensive positions like the BOFORS gun, which can rip and tear through infantry and light vehicles alike.Finally, there's America. The US army plays a somewhat intermediate game style, and depending on your doctrine, it can cater to several different playstyles, ranging from an airdrop heavy playstyle that can shred an unprepared opponent, to a slow and methodical armored push backed by artillery support. None of it's units are particularly spectacular, but that's because of the fact that the US Army has some of the best unit verastality currently available. Late game pushes with the US generally follow a mixed force doctrine, especially if you play a certain doctrine which allows vehicles and infantry nearby each other to coordinate fire, and to move faster.I personally play OKW and British the most, due to their heavy tanks and bombardment options. There's just something that is so satisfying about dropping a Stuka Fuß bombardment square on the enemy defenses followed by a Schwerer Gewher artillery strike, as a King Tiger and two Jagdtigers smash their way through the enemy as Panzer IVs blaze through the devastated cityscape behind them, leaving nothing but ash and rubble.That or sending a spearhead column of Crocodile tanks as they illuminate their way through thick undergrowth with spurting jets of flame as airburst artillery shells smash through the treeline, vaporizing infantry and light armor alike with HE shells smashing apart what few armor units there are with devastating accuracy.All in all, 9/10. I would recommend this game to anyone, especially if it's on sale."
,Recommended,231430,21735599,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Avion,CREEPING BARRAGE READY
76561198073520668,Not Recommended,231430,8584864,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,michaelcj911,"Its very unfortunate that there is no other WWII RTS that can come close to COH2 or the first COH for that matter. This would be the only reason why i still play this game. On with the gripes now.PROS=Neat little ""true sight"" adds a depth of realism and strategy to the mix of RTS. Cleverly placing a bunker in an alley facing outwards with a mg42 can trap soviet infantry real quick.This is WWII and Coh baby and thus nice things happen. Things happen like hearing what sounds like a tank rolling around near by making you feel as if your that soldier. ""Tiger!!!"" lol. Or plowing a Tiger through a wall  and spooking the hell out your enemy. Sound is amazing especially if you have a sound system or a decent pair of headphones.Now with the map builder theres an endless amount of maps and game modes available to you and honestly you dont have to touch it. Just hop on the Steam Workshop and Presto your looking at creative map from players like you and me.I do like the variety of generals and the different supports they offer but... theres always a but.Cons=... I dislike that theres always one support you want that is not on the general you need. You cant pick and choose and you always have a support that you will not use or that is usless to your playstyle. There still seems to be glitches here and there. one of them that is quite annoying is the german mg42 will set up and not fire for some time. a couple seconds nothing to crazy but thats all it takes for soviet infantry to rush up and throw a molotov. Today I sat in a game and had to tell my pioneer squad to rapair my PZR4 5 times!!! NO!! i need that repaired like YESTERYEAR! Multiplayer. Multiplayer. Multiplayers nice. If you mind waiting for at least 10 min at times. Other than that its quite fun actually. The biggest problem though is within the ai itself and that is blamed on the creators. Im not going to lie I only play Germans since i picked up the game during beta. The last two updates have beefed up the soviets pretty good. Mortors now no longer need a scout. infantry spam is plentyfull and boy do they use it. molotovs are a cheap commodity and is also used. QUITE OFTEN! and i dont frown upon that. During WWII soviets had more than double the infantry compaed to the Germans. The only thing that differed though is training. Im pretty sure an MG42 team will mow down the hell out of 2 squads of soviet infantry thats 5 feet in front of them. but no soviets somehow have that finese to run straight up almost every time and toss that flaming bottle of love. The  harder you choose the ai the more it will cheat. I played regular dificulty and i could manage on my own and if i screwed up i can regain the map rather quickly. Now that is not true. Ill get infantry spammed, and before i get my first tank out the enemy will have 2 and plenty of support. ???? seriously! and its just the same with 2 players vs ai. Actually its worse because 2 tanks turns to 4 and infantry spamming and molotov spamming doubles. I like doubling coupons not molotovs or tanks grenades. -_- soviets had numbers and cold(and Vodka). Germans had training, tactics and better tanks.oh and yes DLC is a pain. Sure they need to make the money and all but theres a limit. The least you can do is offer everything to those who pre ordered way before to kickstart the funds. -_- greed is the fire that burns our soul.Wait to buy this game when its at a lower price"
76561198027873535,Not Recommended,231430,8821185,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,={GMU}=WeissenStein,"Does not fulfill the expected based on the inovations made on the previous CoH1 series. I was a fan, but the lack of units variety without having to buy those dammed DLCs as a policy of SEGA, gave me new perspectives on other games like Gates os Hell (under development)."
76561198004669277,Not Recommended,231430,9934933,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,taint,One of the biggest dissapointments in RTS history. The eastern front mod for the original  CoH is actually better than this entire game and that's sad.
76561198122389966,Not Recommended,231430,8761399,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,khawk2288,This game is pretty terrible.  Don't listen to these reviews that give it a good rating cause it offers almost no fun to the player.  First off the the overall scale of the battles is pretty large so you think you would be able to scale the map out a little bit.  However the game doesnt allow you to do this and therefore you have to rely on the minimap or worse your soldiers yelling im under attack and then trying to figure out which one it is.  GL playing the germans cause the russians literally overwhelm you with conscripts that are way to overpowered for how many and how cheap the russians can get them.  They run up to you under gunfire completely unphased and drop an incendary grenade and its GG thanks for playing now buy another unit so they can do it again. The only good thing about this game is the graphics other than that its pretty terrible.
76561198005982653,Not Recommended,231430,8742434,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Gefihy Kipuigu,"Not nearly as good as the original (pre Opposing Fronts patch). Also, huge content holes and tons of overpriced DLC."
76561198131646919,Recommended,231430,29243863,Posted: 14 January,all,.... Some Call Me Tim,"This Will Be a Short review on why this game is very good. As you may have seen other negative reviews , the problem with this game isnt the gameplay , its the Game Dev's being greedy and adding a Swath of microtransactions and Dlc's.What i Recommend is simply buying it all when on sale , which i did for only 20$-30$. Ok , now to the review. The Gameplay is very refreshing , theres base building , Most maps are symetrical with different terrain modifiers (Snow , Mud , Forested areas , all having penalties on tanks , infantryman). Unit models are gorgeous , From Tanks to the Gun in a soldiers hands , it all is very well done , and i find the Unit Portraits Well done. The Base game comes with 2 factions (Wehrmacht , Soviet Union) with another Dlc (Containing 2 others , American Forces , OberKommandoWest) and the final with the British Forces. As im still learning their Pros's and Con's , i suggest you look them up yourselves. Multiplayer is extremely challenging , but rewarding if you can win a match , theres 1v1 , 2v2 , 3v3 , 4v4. This is Just a Small review , i hope you find it helpful. Peace Out"
76561198042319068,Not Recommended,231430,9961718,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,AWWZ,"Way too glitchy and, over saturated with detail to the point that items become obscured, they should learn from Civilization V that hyper detail is not needed for efficient gameplay. The original COH was vastly better in almost everyway. While COH 2 offers some new features that can be listed as improvements the overall feel of the game is less fun, the interface is also convoluted, as is the introduction of paid for upgrades like commanders. The paid for upgrades is a huge fail that might have worked if the game was anything as good as the original COH. We'll see this game perpetually on sale even less than a year after release why? Because it's simply not very good. Over detailed (yes believe it), cluncky, glitchy, with a handful of improvments, but hardly the rightful succesor to the original. 5 out of 10."
,Recommended,231430,21452228,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,vmplrd,"Some may miss the American vanilla units but you can buy them if you want to. The newly added snow/cold weather mechanic is interesting mechanic which adds a layer of depth and something to be mindful of when playing those maps. The core gameplay is stronger than ever, and while it may not be revolutionary like CoH 1, Company of Heroes 2 is still a terrific RTS with a ton of content that no fan of the genre should miss."
76561197962231866,Not Recommended,231430,12076014,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Predator,"The game starts out very fun, a nice updated graphics pack compared to the original.  You develope good strategies and then get hit very hard  and are forced to adapt and develope new strategies.  All in all, this is good as playing the same thing again and again gets mundane very quickly.I don't know if there was an update that did this or if it was something that I didn't relize until the last month or so of playing; however, the pathing mechanics of vehicles seems to have gotten very bad.  What I call idiocy will happen with tanks when they are trying to fall back where they will either back into something, stop, turn 90 degrees, move, then turn back to continue to fall back; get clustered all together shortly after the order and effectively ram into one another; or they will ""butt wiggle"" and move a meter, turn a bit, move a meter, turn some more, move a meter and continue on this process until they manage to make it to where you want them to go minutes later or (since the order to fall back was given) are shot and blown up.Most everything about this game is good but I do take exception to the pathing mechanics mostly of the vehicles, though squads can do similar things and retreat forward/into a satchel charge and be annhilated.  Given that this happens at intense times of fighting and typically several times a match, I think there may be an issue with the code somewhere; however, it has brought enough frusteration for me and those I play with to uninstall the game entirely."
,Not Recommended,231430,35211412,Posted: 25 September,all,TomoTherapy,i dont know what made the great Relic fallen this much. Relic used to be great game developers but gradually the greatness got faded out. i cannot find Relic that made stunning homeworld and beautiful dow1 and coh1. everything is ruined by their own hands. seems like i cannot expect more dow or coh in the future. that made me so sad
,Not Recommended,231430,8761409,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Philip J Fry,"Don't waste your money, I bought it when it was on sale cause I figured what the heck why not try it. Then I played it, wow this game is bad. It takes everything that was good in the first one and just trashes it. I find units are able to charge within 5 feet of my units without being surpressed. The game also run pretty bad I get 30-45 fps on low. If you are thinking about buying this game I sugest going and buy the first Company of Heroes its a much much much better game. Just for refernce CoH2 has a 1.8  out of 10 on metacritic where CoH1 has a 8.9."
76561198115711740,Recommended,231430,21049411,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Trump 2016 No Foreigners,"Stop giving bad reviews about how this game is 'pay2win. It isn't at all. If you think this game is about pay2win commanders then you don't understand the strategy and gameplay anyway. Any decent player out there can do well without paying for any commanders.This is one of the best games I have ever played. I like it much better than the first COH. Once you become a dedicated player and really understand the game, there is no going back. If you come from the first coh it does take some getting used to but overtime you will start to realize why COH2 is so much better.I can't think of a better game out there and I am addicted to COH2. I can't wait to get back and start playing again."
,Recommended,231430,4545106,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,~ Molly ~,"One of the best RTS game, around the event and background of WWII.Mutiplayer are so much fun, although I not often play against the player, I do played with player vs AI the most, and met many people from here, which is what I love.Community can be hard to deal with, both in-game and community hub, but I guess that normal in online games, it not a friendly place for everyone, you can easily met a person who went crazy in history and wish to change the history book or something like that, but other than that it nice and funny community.For the game, it quite unique real-time strategy where you need to plan everything carefully, from the army that will be in the battlefield to the path that you choose to go, every decisions can make you gain the adventage from the opponent and win the battle, which is different from most real-time strategy, but that make Company of heroes 2 to be an enjoyable game."
76561198178269019,Recommended,231430,33334468,Posted: 6 July,all,Buke,"i can definately see why people despise the microtransactions but i love this game. both campaigns are great and feel like a solid ww2 experience, CoH2 is a blast with friends fighting the AI  when you have realism mods installed  because you have to actually use units properly or they get kill easily. It's also nice that cover actually matters in this game and structure building is a huge concept that makes defending postions a great experience.if you can deal with the microtransaction solid 8/10"
76561198008260349,Not Recommended,231430,11508721,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Shubacka66,"I loved the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Company of heroes 1, it was my favorite RTS of all time and still is, I dont have it on steam because I bought it in a store,but  I have over 500 hours played and more to come on COH1. I was very exited when I heard COH2 would come, however, COH2 does not even come close to COH1, I expected a lot more from this game to be honest, what I expected was better graphics and more content, but this game feels clonky and awkward and is not a pleasure to play and it does not have better graphics, so I can not recommend it, I do recommend COH1 wich is a totally different game and very fun. even it is old now its still going strong, this one does not, save your money and buy COH1 instead if you don't already have it. so is this game equally good to COH1, no it is not even close. this is not a good game."
,Not Recommended,231430,22079010,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,The Wolf FormerlyKnown As Jackal,"Guess it's too much for me to want to play a British campaign, I'll go back to CoH1."
76561198061366237,Recommended,231430,33352738,Posted: 7 July,all,Im Mr Pibb,"Overall i would give company of heroes 2 a 8/10prosgraphics are amazingmods are amazingunit detail and quantity is amazingmultiplayer works wellskirmish is always funconspersonally i did not enjoy single player but honestly i rarely do so myopinion might be biased on thatsome of the micro transactions are just like why lol and  it's kinda bs that they have it where u can buy commanders that will give u a step up i would call it a pay to win/advance scheme it always comes down to the player and how he uses his units not usually the units themselvesMost new units you have to pay for and that sucksOverallI really enjoyed company of heroes 2 they really did a good job on the game itself and i would defenittly buy if u want to play a WW2 german rts,command and conquer style game."
,Recommended,231430,28658836,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Da-veed·霍累谢特💩,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
76561197999712325,Not Recommended,231430,10874025,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,XxNationReaperXx,"Honestly, the blitzkrieg mod for Company of Heroes 2 blows this game out of the water. There are not a lot of units to choose from and play around with. There is only one emplacement for the American team (machine gun nest) and it more or less immune to small arms fire. One guy with a .50 cal in a sandbag circle should not be able to take 10 minutes of fire from a half track from 10 feet away. The ""tech tree"" is almost non existant, making leveling up useless. To be straight to the point, the only thing I like about this game is on the American side they have supply tents with different weapons. Once you unlock these weapon tents your troops can walk up and grab a gun out (for a price) instead of having to wait for them to upgrade after waiting for them to deploy, and that really helps in a pinch."
,Not Recommended,231430,21765380,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Spongie,"The game looks and feels awesome to play, but unfortunately it is plagued by technical issues that, in 2016, I cannot accept. My inventory is full of fun Linux ports, I don't have to take this from devs any more.The most annoying ""feature"" is the fact that alt-tab (or moving to another workspace) will in 90% of the cases crash the game leaving you with two rogue processes you must kill manually in order to start the game again. (it leaves you with ""running"" in steam, even though the game has no window)It has no option to run in windowed mode, you'll have to edit launch options in steam. Even in windowed mode the game managed to crash when the window lost focus, again forcing me to kill the game processes manually.Too bad, otherwise fun game, but it will be refunded since it is broken beyond what I consider acceptable for a stable release."
76561198191135198,Not Recommended,231430,22089388,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,clark0844,"The storyline of USSR's campaign is totally a pile of shi t, full of prejudice and stereotype. The devs just try to make every effort to uglify the Red Army commanders and their leaders. No wonder that this piece of shi t is banned in Russia.Except from the idiotic campaign, graphics are good, all units are in details. However, it stlil deserves a  thumb down."
,Recommended,231430,8194859,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,TrIcKsTeRR,"Absolutely amazing game... never played an RTS as simple yet complicated as this... Men of War: Assault Squad although is brilliant, it is far too in depth for my liking... RTS games that require you to dig into your inventory is just too much. Company of Heroes the other hand is beautiful... Where other RTS games have a health system where no matter where you hit them, they will lose a certain amount of health. CoH2 (and CoH1) on the other hand, if you hit the back of the tank with an anti tank round, the back of the tank will take damage... you can destroy the main gun on a tank but is still perfectly driveable... You can even usurp enemy vehicles or use the wreckage as cover.The Fog of War system is excellent... even if you've discovered an area, you can ONLY see the enemy if your units have a clear line of sight.. which makes for more cat and mouse games and ambushes. The only things I hate about this game is that you cannot zoom out enough, it's just that little bit too close for my liking and also the flame thrower upgrade for the engineers is a little annoying and over-used!8/10 If you love WW2 era combat and have no experience in RTS, you might actually enjoy learning on this baby! Just dont go online... you'll get smashed!~"
,Not Recommended,231430,9891161,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Riller,"Remember how it felt to play Company of Heroes 1? This is the exact same game, but this time around, you feel dissapointed instead of in awe."
,Recommended,231430,2177357,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,CoDiEx,"Company of Heroes 2 is just as great as CoH1, even better, I can't find that much negative to say about the game, only positive stuff. Great game, Great moments, Great community. Has one of the best campaigns I've played, minus two of the missions which aren't my type of mission. Stealth and Strategy doesnt go hand in hand. It does put both sides (axis and allies) in a bad light, but it's war, both sides did terrible stuff. But it also shows heroes, and you create the heroes in the campaign, why else would you have to capture a tiger tank with infantry?TOW (Theater of War) is also a great new thing for the game, and really adds to the CO-OP side of the game. some missions even allow 3vsAI which is cool. TOW also lets you play on both sides (DLC doesnt, Case Blue is german side while Victory at Stalingrad is Soviet) So you can say there is a german campaign aswell, and it can be played in coop mode.MP (Multiplayer) is also quite fun, I havent played much multiplayer myself, but playing with friends against the AI is so much fun, and that is what have kept me playing.the DLC is great, despite some of it being overpriced its worth it. And thank you Relic for sometimes giving the community some free DLC.TWFA (The Western Front Armies)Is also great, even though I've only spend about 10 hours I can already say that the expansion is worth the money. The Oberkommando West is not like the other factions and really shows germany's economy problems at the end of 1944 with high priced vehicles, and resources being more valuable, but also gives us some of the heavy armor we've all been waiting for in a game, who would of have thought that we would see a Halftrack with infrared lights?The U.S Forces are great too! really gives us some new toys, That we didn't see in the first game, and the ability to de-crew vehicles on command, that really leads to some interesting tactics, the downside is playing with the AI and seeing it steal your decrewed vehicle... Maybe you shouldnt let the AI get too close with their own vehicle crews?AA (Ardennes Assault)Dont' buy this campaign if you're not a SP player or intend to only play it once.The campaign itself is broing, not much of a challenge. There is no strategy to the metamap. All you have to do is walk around the map with any company and win the mission. It doesnt matter whether your company is cut off or anything, you can do as you please. The enemy does also not get any penalties once you cut them from a supply line. The missions themselves are also not that great, most of them are regular Victory Point games, so just go play skirmish as USF? They try to make these missions more interesting by adding in special handicaps, so you can be so unlocky you have to wait for 5 minutes for resources, again boring. The descriptions of the missions are also very misleading, they make the mission look way harder than they are. They do also make it look like some of the missions are timed, eventhough they aren't. You can play the campaign three times, if you have all 4 companies, before you'll start to find it very boring.The downside of the game is the war spoils (something like that), it works like the Team Fortress 2 drop system, only worse, I guess its bugged. But other than that its a great game, great graphics and great performance, mostly, sometimes delays appear when giving a unit an order.Please update the mod tools Relic!"
,Recommended,231430,29177845,Posted: 10 January,all,Z Simmox,"First up,i bought this game on special for 10 bucks with all the DLC.bargain.this is no *combat mission* and if you are familiar with that series you will know what i am talking about.this is an RTS in the style of C&C or similarfast paced action with really good art and animations ,excellent detail of units and enviroment.excellent sounds toosuprisingly deep game play,with quite alot of hidden perks and quirks,that only really become evident after playing games and gaining experience and knowledge of how stuff works.COH2.orgis well worth the time to visit and read up on the stuff you will need to know.gameplay is fun and exciting and has multiple options for online play and number of opponents.plenty of replayability,get involved with human opponents and you will be playing for years.as i said ,its an RTS,so that means hitpoints and health bars to manage,and is pretty good implementationit is also a race to get to the top tier units that require time and resources each battle to unlock.very much a rock paper scissors implementation,which means you can counter any army with your own build strategy.the hard part is learning what to build based on what you have seen of the enemy forces throughout the early part of the battle,again,experience and hours played will help decide.Tactical positioning of units and a good understanding of your enemies forces, is very  important for a chance at victorygood solid rtswell implementedfast action,easy to get battles onlinegood value at 10 bucksonline ♥♥♥♥♥♥ factor is low8/10"
,Recommended,231430,9975665,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,SnoW -.^,"if you like the c&c series or just need some badass slautheryard this is it... you will love this game,  it´s the best RTS game i have ever played,so good (Y)- Oberkommando der Wehrmacht!"
76561198009046649,Not Recommended,231430,32769837,Posted: 25 June,all,Dr. Cox aka Perry,"game is good. microtransactions for an AAA title is scam . 10 € for the game + ""all DLC"" was quite  cheap. Then comes  the big ""♥♥♥♥ you, we still have more maincontent (commanders, unit buffs) hidden from you in the ingame cashshop""  sell your useless skins to the idiots out there, but not gameplay content."
76561198062101687,Recommended,231430,21112610,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,[NS] aerafield,"Company of Heroes 2... This game is really the best RTS game of all time. So I think its the best if I start with the positive components of this game, not atleast to justify my thesis.Relic really tried to configure this game very realistic, and yeah, in this point they were successfull. The models and textures are just perfect fitting into a WW 2nd-based game. Now we have 5 factions in this game, with the main idea to create the game that there is always a faction for anybody. Each faction just feels very different during playing, so the ""spectrum"" is very large. The so called ""true-sight-system""(the engine always calculates the line of sight of all units non-stop) of this game -which is excellent- allows very very much tactical possibilities, I say more than in a usual and more public RTS game. This makes this game so special compared to other RTS games, and in a ♥♥♥♥ing good way :D. Many people say, that the faction are unbalanced at the moment. I can`t really share this thesis. Especially in the early game, factions like OKW or British Forces seem OP. The reason for this is that they cannot be countered like other factions, here you need another strat. I am notsaying that this game is perfectly balanced. but saying the whole game is just unbalanced is wrong.And now the negative components...For me, the most annoying thing of this game is the fact that the matchmaking system is just ♥♥♥♥ing broken. Way more than a half of the games are extremely unfair, and it`s no matter if you compare the Rank-game-ladder-level or the level of the ""prestige/star-system"", you have very much of those matches. And I think newcomers become a bit frustrated as a result of this, when they have many matches vs top-players, and decent players become annoyed and start getting mad on the newcomers, when they loose matches because of them. Of course I know that it`s impossible to make only fair games in a multiplayer game, but the rate of unfair games is just a bit too high for my part. Thats just my thesis as a result of experience. Another component, as I already said, is the balance system of the factions. Basically, it is really ok, there are just still a few units that allow very very lame strats (e. g. King Tiger + Jagdtiger combination).CoH2 is my very favorite game. But to be honest, the negative components I summarised are not so ""hard"" for experienced players like me, newcomers suffer more because of them I guess."
,Recommended,231430,23889303,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,(UA)Mortventura,"Wasted 1k hours of my life.Need waste 2k more.Fun, rage, epic battles - only in CoH2!"
76561198158801376,Recommended,231430,24240199,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,[◣╬◢] Panzer Poacher ⭐,best game ever
,Recommended,231430,28402970,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Bahamut Zero,"After putting in over 100 hours into this game, I guess I'll do my personal take on it.Company of Heroes 2 is in my opinion, a great RTS. There are some design choices that the company went with that I'm not too happy about, like all the paid DLC. However; I guess we can't escape the gaming of today, since all of it revolves around paid content afer release. Anyways, aside from the obvious things, this game is fantastic. It's fun, fast paced and very strategic. I do believe they took it a further step in the right direction vs Company of Heroes 1 as far as mechanics go. The cover system is improved and it doesn't feel as RNG as Company of Heroes 1 did during battles (Even though RNG still haunts this game -_-). I would recommend this game to any of my friends that enjoy the Real Time Strategy genre.However, I would hold off on purchasing this title if it's not on sale, simply due to the fact that there is so much DLC."
,Not Recommended,231430,22804299,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Jac,"In short: Buy the Original.I wanted to like this game, I really did. I love the first one, it's well balanced, tactical and not just Age of Empires without the resource gathering. Oh and yeah it has no micro transactions. COH 2 is simply a case of whoever has the most infantry wins untill tanks come along and then who has the most tanks win. However thing is you don't get access to the full tech tree, you only get access to certain units past the basic 7 or so, to get access to more you unlock with your commanders of which you only can have one per match. Like the first game right? Nope. In this game there are heaps of them and you get three commanders at the start for free, (which you don't choose) and they give you a couple of units, every other one you have to buy with real world dollars unless you get lucky and get them as a reward and of course these are the ones with fun and powerful units. Want a KV flame tank? That will be $6, a Pershing? Another 6, want British Engineers who can salvage scraps? Time to get the credit card out and pay some more.So basically if you like pay to win micro transactions, spamming infantry in a numbers game then this game is for you. Otherwise buy the first one."
,Recommended,231430,21730720,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Enhbold,Great Game. I love this game
76561198124346392,Recommended,231430,21577828,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,BEDAGI,best game ever
,Not Recommended,231430,17146259,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,TreeSlayer,If you want this game because CoH1 was good and this must be aswell. Youre wrong. Dont buy it. Its bad. Makes everything wrong and you have to pay for♥♥♥♥♥♥aswell.
76561198125224703,Recommended,231430,14078234,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,thomasrepko1,when you think of buying a base game DLC commander i just love the base garman mechanized assault commander :D
76561198141809455,Not Recommended,231430,20331583,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Ne0n..,"Not worth it, buy CoH 1 instead."
76561198001701848,Not Recommended,231430,23078499,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,50% Flood,"The game had potential and can be fun sometimes, however, expect to pay a lot of money. There is tons of DLC and then more DLC for that DLC.If you have nobody that is willing to throw money at the game with you, I would say avoid it. There are many more WWII and even more better Strategy games out there.-----------------------------------------------------Extra Information about paid DLC-----------------------------------------------------The theaters of war are small maps that are most of the time regular matches but with limited units. They are meant to be played by a single player, though sometimes you can play some with more players for Co-op but they have to have wasted money on it too.I would not recommend them.The Ardenes campaign is fun, but can be fustrating to beat on hard, it is also kinda weird but the paid DLC is almost a must for this DLC. It is another single player mode but this one is not bad.The skins and faceplates DLC are useless and grab only if you want to be fancy looking or be smart and use one of the Free ones from the Community. (They Might break the game, with bugs. That's their punishment for not buying their skins, I suppose.)Different Factions brings a lot of diversity to the game and perhaps the only DLC that I would recommend. However, expect to then be baited to spend more money buying more stuff for each faction.Commanders, More DLC for DLC, Instead of giving you the whole faction they want you to throw more money at them for no reason. Some change the way you play drastically, some just don't really do anything. Buy at your own risk, or just wait to get them for free when they rarely are given to you after a match."
,Recommended,231430,27678281,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Poison Ivan,Decent game despite the dlc milking.
76561198058322619,Not Recommended,231430,30709696,Posted: 24 March,all,AlekoTheGreek of Athens,"Ok, where shall we begin with this...Company of Heroes is a series I grew up with. I played the first game 10 years ago and no matter what, I always came back to play some more of it. Up until some months ago when I ran out of patience and eventually stopped playing. Here is why.Generally speaking the game is great fun but there are several specific factors that make the experience especially bad and irritating. Note: I will mostly talk about multiplayer since this is the main mode of the game, but my statements apply to the game as a whole, more or less.-RNG. Too much RNG. Especially when it comes to abilities regarding anything explosive. From grenades to heavy artillery support. The amount of times the number generator changed whole matches is overwhelming, it can deem whole strategies or plans useless.-Imbalances. I do understand that relic wants to deliver every faction with a completely different build and purpose. That is an incredible idea. But this also requires looking into every unit and every ability within a faction very very carefully. Since NO faction or unit is a copy of another the balance has always been a nightmare. From underpowered but costly units to utterly broken updates. (USF/OKW Release, UK Release etc)-Matchmaking. If you desire to play anything except 1v1 soloqeue the matchmaking is basically...non existent. Completely random. This makes new players to either go to unorganised custom games or just patiently wait for the very long learning curve of the game, to be able to compete with others. From personal experience, and the experience of the people from my gaming group we've seen ourselves countless times play against teams with average playing experience of 1 000 hours, where our own team of four did not exceed that in total!-Learning curve. Combining the overall complexity of the game with the utterly broken matchmaking system, the learning curve of this game reaches a very high ammount of hours needed. From the experience of people from my gaming group you need several hundred hours only to be able to understand all aspects of the game and use them with average effectiveness.-Generally a very DLC monger game, but since most of them add a considerable amount of content and that nowadays the game is sold in collection packs one can overlook that.Final words-----Now, what makes me sad is that; this is a very good game, or at least it could have been. But the negative points are so obvious and irritating that reqcuires you to just constantly suppress your anger. Not because you are a bad player...but just because a random grenade detonated in the middle of the enemy squad, right at their feet without killing any of them, or just because you have to lose a match or two (and 30-45 minutes of your life) just to be able to play another match that you can enjoy, with equal opponents.I love the series, I am twenty years old now I play these games since my childhood. Having to give a negative review makes me sad and nostalgic. But truth be told, at it's current state, the game itself needs to be abandoned. I am waiting for CoH 3 with great anticipation."
76561197994634506,Not Recommended,231430,14565392,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,DeliCem,"I am a Turkish citizen and this game is  reaaaally biased towards russia and the eastern front. While the majority of the evil stupid and bureaucratic as hell soviets did their very best to lose their homeland, there were only a few non soviet crititics and free thinkers that gave soviets the victory. if this game was published in 1942 nazis will use this game as a propaganda tool to educate their kids. Executing a soldier who performs great bravery to save his lieutenant ?!! The were no heroic moments in the game except for the polish nationals. Seriosly !? In previous title relic entertainment portrayed a waffen ss battalion as simple people who defended their motherland but you denied russians  a sliver of glory for defending their motherland in spite of great logistic and technical inferiorites  !?  I cannot agree more with bad comedian in this matter(justin bieber guy you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off ). Even everything this game portrays is true and factual (I highly doubt it ) storytelling method for the game is really something hitler youth would come up. Why relic entertainment  didn't showed the brutality of nazi germany when soviets entered and liberated (sorry relic they really did ) and fed those prisoners  just to have a balance (your claim not mine) ? as I stated earlier I'm a turkish guy and  not responding over national instinct. I am a big fan of world war 2 lore but I am sick of how mainstream media portrays american and british soldiers as heroes and patriots and full of neccesary sacrifices  but russian front  as a mere zergling swarm because socialism is baaad. I didn't buy ardennes assault but I am sure we will be playing the ""good guys"" there."
76561198033350121,Recommended,231430,25860707,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Nick,"Alright you maggots, are you ready to get involved in possibly the greatest war second only to THE Great War? , well too bad.Yeah if you came here looking for a historical look at WWII through the eyes of the Soviet Union or even the United States, you'd be a fool. You'd also be a fool to buy this game at full price like I did, and it's DLC, for full price like I did, trust me boys and girls and everything inbetween it's better you just buy this and everything for it when it's in a Summer / Winter sale.Now hold on don't go let me give you the review so for anyone looking for a number I give this game a 6/10 slightly above average / average.Alright to the real review!Graphics: The graphics are overall pleasing, I feel like some of the textures could've been higher and to be really honest, the Animations are only really decent, they hardly went all out on them, after all if you pay close attention to a soldier reloading his fingers don't move and the ammo he's reloading sort of just clips into the gun. But otherwise they're still nice, and in fact if you play it as intended, zoomed out a little and flying like the all seeing eye the game looks rather great, trees and foliage need a little more work but I've seen very few games make them adequate in my eyes. Also I personally would give this warning, Do NOT play this game if you do not have a high end / upgraded PC you will have a very hard time playing it, the graphics on my PC are pretty good and even then I have some problems.Sound design: Oh I must admit I looove the sound design it's really good, and the voice acting for the characters and vehicle drivers is probably my favorite bit of this game, but it is CRIMINAL to not mention if you want to hear a better bit of the sound design you should have a unit engage then pan to the edge of the map and listen to the far off echo of the gunfire. That was a lovely little touch and I wish it was more a part of the game since it comes off as ""just ambiet noise"" and it's not, it's still lovely to listen to a .50 cal firing a quarter mile away.Gameplay: The gameplay to CoH II is actually very fluid for the most part, infantry combat can go either way and generally speaking it comes down to which faction you're playing, how experienced you are with counters , cover, and concentration but that's really only going to be important in multiplayer, Skirmish is a blast though in my opinion, here's a quick rundown of unit types for those of you fanatics out there like me who wanted to see what they tossed into this game to make it interesting, let's just throw some Soviet units out there : Basic infantry - Conscripts, Engineers, Penal Battalions. Weapon Teams - Maxim Machine Gun Teams, 81mm Mortar Teams, 76mm Anti Tank Gun Teams, Light Vehicles - American Lend Lease Armored Car, American Lend Lease Half Track, Russian T-60 Light Tank (37mm gun). Medium Tanks And Light Artillery - SU-76 SPG / Tank Destroyer, T-34 Medium Tank, SU-85 Tank Destroyer, Last but not least the favorite of any tank fan , Heavy Tanks - The IS-2, KV-1, And KV-8 (A KV-1 with a flamethrower and 47mm short barrel gun.)Overall the list isn't too shabby, but obviously there are going to be problems with people's expectations and what you get, but I think the unit list isn't too bad.Now I won't talk about the Campaign much I'll just say this, it's not great, in fact I'd say if you played it for the story, if you have Russian Lineage that served in The Great Patriotic War, you'd probably be offended by it, but to be fair, this was a Canadian look at the Russians,Long story short I think the game is getting a lot of negativity without it being brought on about the game itself, I'll agree the price tag is outrageous, I'd call it a 20 dollar game at that but the DLC chopping is pretty bad too.. there are a whole 3 factions in the DLC waiting to be brought back to the game, and one of them (The Oberkommando West) was both uneccessary, and clearly not balanced well enough, even to this day it's hardly a finished faction so many problems are brought up with that faction, for instance they have such a vastly superior group of infantry that the Russians practically can't fight them without Shock Troops or without massive blobs of Conscripts but the problem isn't just in their infantry it's their ability to be the faction with the fastest ""tank"" roll out in the game, by that I mean they can start building and have built a tank by about a 4-8 minute lead on the other factions, and it's just utterly moronic to have to deal with it if the person controlling it knows what they're doing. Personally I wish they had added literally anything other than ANOTHER German faction, sure putting the Italians in there would've been hard to do what with their lack of armor, but look at what they did to the poor U.S. , the U.S. has a massive arsenal to choose from and they put a Tank Destroyer in the main Tank building that wasn't even mass produced, they don't even put the Hellcat in there, they put a Jackson in there though!, what!?Arrgh now that I think about it this game is a bit irritating, but only really in Multiplayer, the story is trite but no one should buy it for the story. Skirmish is fun though, and the community is busy making maps so it's always a fresh new bit of gameplay to try a map you've never seen before.Hopefully this small essay didn't turn anyone away from the game without at least looking up some gameplay on YouTube of it to see if it's your thing."
,Not Recommended,231430,13175435,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,_Uli,"I love RTS games but this game it's unbalanced as fu.ck , especially when playing as US . Coh1 wans't perfect in terms of balance but this piece of crap it's really frustrating to lose against a single upgrade or certain type of unit spam .The basic mechanics are fun to play , even one of the best of the industry but the balance definitly breakes this game , if you want a competetitive and fair RTS do not buy it , seriously . i would suggest Coh1 instead but that game is broken beyond repairs with the online server.Relic , you should feel ashamed to deliver a game in this state."
76561197995706862,Not Recommended,231430,13205771,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,HazardHawk,"After over a year I have only managed to play 38 hours...  Why?  Between a shoddy game, shoddy support, and greedy Gaming companies such as Sega, it has been a complete waste of over $100 American Dollars.  Even Crappy Rome 2 at least allows playing...  Of those 38 hours played, 25 of them are attempted loading that never succeeded...My PC?AMD 3.6 Ghz Turbo to 4.2 GhzCrosshair V Formula Z Motherboard24 GB DDR3R9 290X 4GB Video4K Television Monitor (40"")SSD primary HD64MB Cache 3 TB Seagate 7200RPM Hard drive for installed programs."
,Recommended,231430,10326218,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,PanzerJuice,"9/10The gameplay is in its own sense unique, and what I personally feel why most people do not like it are unbalances within the gameplay (I agree with this), however that forces the player to be more tactical and competitive. Most CoH1 players were expecting CoH2 to be more or less exactly like the first CoH only with Russians added into it and new German doctrines/commanders. This game would be a solid 10 for me if (I hope) they add a foreign troops faction in the near future.2016: Still no Romanians or Hungarians despite LELIC wanting to 'capture the significance that is the Eastern Front'"
76561197962160726,Recommended,231430,9158764,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,[HT] Major,"This is a great ""Tactical"" and ""Strategic"" RTS game!Much better then Starcraft in my oppinion.More dynamic gameplay then the ordinary RTS games out there.And now also at a pretty low price on steam for such a good game.A real Bargain!"
76561198119467012,Recommended,231430,14468783,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,torr,CoH (1) is  Much Better !                 7.5/10
76561198119126602,Recommended,231430,18673417,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,UrbanBoats,its k
76561198080236186,Recommended,231430,10276481,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Cataphract_OS ╬GR╬,"Excellent game. Maybe the best strategy game, ever."
76561197983567749,Recommended,231430,20683239,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Stuka,"Company of Heroes was an amazing game, and this sequel is worthy of the title. AI battles keep me playing years after release, and new content/patches continue to be released. Definitely worth purchasing, especially if you can find it during a sale. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,231430,7843936,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,RobZ,"Very good and entertaining game, one of the best i know in the RTS genre."
76561197971659813,Not Recommended,231430,32974429,Posted: 28 June,all,stacky3385,"I bought the Mac version (yes, I know macs suck for gaming) and it crashes every single time it loads. The only time it works is if steam is set to offline mode, which means that the add-on packs can't install. I've looked up fixes online and have only found heaps of people with the same problem. So. Lame."
,Recommended,231430,13625890,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,slaYERR_1999,This is one of the best RTS's I've ever played. If you are interested in World War Two and enjoy the Eastern Front I highly recommend this game for you.
,Recommended,231430,20517251,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,EternalTrumpPresidency,"This is an excellent successor to the original COH. COH2 is a world war 2 RTS game where you capture control points to get fuel, munitions, and manpower. You can play as different ww2 factions which have different units and strategies. If you've ever had any interest in WW2, you owe it to yourself to play this game.The multiplayer is a very strong part of this game and I found it to be enjoyable. It's especially fun to team up with a friend against other people and have a good time. There is both a serious part of the multiplayer ladder and a casual part, so every skill level does well.My one complaint about this game is the pay to win commander selection. Commanders dictate which special abilities you get (for instance a special tank call in or an air strike). Some of the commanders you get by paying for them or being very very lucky and getting them in a drop."
12359478947465564,Recommended,231430,20436903,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,KitKat,RA RA RASPUTIN LOVER OF THE RUSSIAN QUEEN!
76561198056888459,Recommended,231430,20669022,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,beasty,"Highly recomend this game. Kinda absurd how much I like it. It feels like when I first got my hands on CoH1. The amount of fun this game brings is insane. Definitely one of the all time greats of the RTS series. At times it feels like a rehashing of the same old CoH1 stuff but for whatever reason makes you enjoy it. I went ahead and picked up the base and all the DLCs for a decent price. A bit overpriced in my opinion but for CoH fans.....worth it 100%. The amount of units at your disposal is really refreshing. The whole choice over commander thing is nice as well other than the whole buy exclusive commanders thing. The base commanders are really ""meh"" but they get the job done. The negatives are there, few but they are there. Tank traps being a commander ability for others than the US EWWW,Allied forces seem underpowered (primarily the US), Pathfinding can be a bit of a pain, online player base can seem a bit childish compared to Coh1, and finally with all the interesting units I find myself angry because I simply don't have the pop cap to really exploit it.Overall 8.5/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,231430,21117354,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,A Very Angry Bismarck,"Hmmm CoH2 where to begin with this game well let me just say do you enjoy ww2.Do you enjoy chargeing mass amounts of men at a machine gun and watch them die if so thats pretty messed up you should get help But if you like doing it in a video game its okay.Firstly please learn how to play this game before you enter a pub match you♥♥♥♥♥♥will be cleaved in twine.Secondly warning if you have the base game and not the British,WestGermans or Americans have fun losing(This is a secret between me and you 1 group of WestGerman infantry can kill 4 groups of Russian conscripts.Thirdly this game is not the most entertaining on your own.And lastly dont think your consripts can beat that machine gun it will win no matter how many you have.        8.5/10      (WARNING) This game does not have a very good pinning system"
,Recommended,231430,21287688,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,SpaceAssassin87,10/10-IGNLOL
76561197991841712,Recommended,231430,21784437,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Captain Go-F♠ck-Yourself,"Well, I only played about 1/3 of the campaing (I am about to finish it) and I suck at multiplayer like a pro porn star, but I still like it.Singleplayer has more variety of missions than a first game, just like different commanders in multiplayer make game a lot more fun than doctrines. Units are a lot less stupid (yet drivers of armored vehicles are still suffering by stupidity sometimes), covers work better, soldiers are able to jump across fences and walls (thank f♠cking god!) and stars of veterancy look so much more cool. Plus I have a better feeling about the game in general.Matchmaking is nonexistent, which is not so good for noob players like me, yet still playable. Yes, DLCs cost a lot, but when you wait for Steam sale, it's definitely worth it."
76561198154899184,Recommended,231430,21284075,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,24KMAGIC,:)
76561198105022826,Recommended,231430,21366530,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,orange sonic,"The game in my opinion is very good. It is fun, and i always seem to be coming back to it. Even known it does have some big flaws, like the terrible drop sistem, and the huge price of both the game and its sadly important DLC. It is hard to recomend it due to its huge price, but if you manage to get it on a good sale, like RTS games and you are interested in WW2 you would probably like it even known it has its flaws."
,Recommended,231430,456437,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Rogers,"Company of Heroes 2 is the natural evolution of the best RTS in the last decade that Relic Entertainment has made. This game adds enough to feel like a true sequel as well as maintain the Company of Heroes vibe all of us RTS junkies love. The production value is high, the dynmanic way the multiplayer matches play out makes the game always exciting and interesting. Each match feels different.The single player is engaging and tells an excellent story about the dark side of the Red Army while showing there were alot of good men and women who fought bravely to stop the Nazi domination of their country. The graphics look fantastic, the sound design is top notch and really immerses you in the game.There in addition to the Campaign and Multiplayer aspect is the Theater of War mode, which adds fun challanges, which are solo and some are coop to play with friends. This feature is hoped to expand across the entire war, as of now it is only Early war which is proving incredibly difficult and nearly impossible on General difficulty but Pounder and I just suck lol.This game is a great run for youre money. It has some well thought out features. Twitch integration for people who want to try out streaming their game, but have no experiance or money to pay for Xsplit or don't want to fuddle around with OBS software to stream. It makes things simple and fun to stream.There is an excellent road map with up to a year or more content planned and expanded for the game. New commanders, New Maps, New cammo patterns for youre tanks and units, A fully secure Ladder is promised for multiplayer in the near future, as well as Observer mode for us shoutcasters!!Pick COH2 up if you even remotely like Real Time strategy or the Second World War."
,Recommended,231430,20438770,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Joker San,best WW2 Game out there.
,Recommended,231430,20627571,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Breezey,Probably the best pound for pound RTS out right now.Alot of content.Awesome graphics.5 unique races with tons of customisation.Great singleplayer.Great with friends and multiplayer is always being refinedAmazing sound and music.Especially good if you like the WWII era.
,Recommended,231430,20412666,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,๖ۣۜ RedPanda,love it
,Recommended,231430,23643079,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Uno,IZ LIEK NEW YEARS DAY
76561198011491027,Recommended,231430,25524458,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,DEVGRU [TR],"I recommend this game who likes WW2 RTS.s Its the best one out in the market. Many of the people are complaining about balance but also ALL of them ignore their opponents experience/game play.I bought this game pre-release and since then I play the game. Sometimes I play well and sometimes I play bad. Balance issues are mostly solved, there may be some units OP and some UP but it is how it is in real lie. A King Tiger can outrun 3 Shermans. And US riflemen can outrun Wermacht soldiers in the distance."
76561198052541570,Not Recommended,231430,17427739,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Sicario,Poorly optimized for PC
76561198009020285,Not Recommended,231430,26618191,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Bebelah,They should stop asking money for every single thing in the game.
,Recommended,231430,23285518,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Questsword,"This game is very fun. While there may be balance issues in multiplayer, the human vs AI aspect is very well done. Doing comp stomp with friends is a great way to game co-operatively with people. 10/10"
,Recommended,231430,31374345,Posted: 26 April,all,KingDav3,"I've spent more than 1000 hours in the Multiplayer of this game.In my opinion its the best WW2 RTS-Game and one of the best RTS-Games overall.Its hast a healthy community that contributes content to the game, the developer is directly connected with the community. The game, if all addons are purchased, offers 5 completely different factions which all have their signature abilites and units. Ranked Multiplayer matches allied forces (USA, British, Soviet) against the Axis (East-Army and West-Army). Custom-Mode allows all possible match ups, even the same faction against each other. Factions have spefic ""Commanders"", 3 of them can be picked as a Loadout and selected during the match. These commanders provide special abilites and/or units.The game as an ingame store, all item can be aquired by playing the game. Players earn currency and sometimes even items after they completely a match (offline or online). However, its possible to aquire items with real-money which means players can decide if they want to go the fast route and the reveuene ensures that the game can be constantly supported by the developer.There is a huge amount of Maps available and the diversity is very high. I never once felt bored during the time I've spent in this game and I'm still playing it.I think that this is a must have for any serious RTS gamer.9.5/10 (-0.5 because Vehicles have rare pathing issues)."
76561198017112007,Recommended,231430,14469420,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Carolus Rex,"This game is by far the most played game in my steam library, and also probably my most played game, aside from World of Warcraft. First off, the campaign is a it unrealistic since the soviets in many cases where not that brutal to their own soldiers nor their own civilians, but aside from that i found it very entertaining and you get to see a lot of the famous battles on the Eastern front. The contols are pretty much your regular RTS-game so if you are familiar with the genre you won't have a hard time to get used to them. Now, the best of the game is in the multiplayer, where you can play as fout different armies if you whave the Western Front Armies expansion. All these armies are varied and in my opinon well balanced, which gives a very enjoyable and competetive gaming experiance. There is also lots of different commanders to choose from which gives you five special abilities which consists of everything from an airstike to a heavy tank. Buy this game if you like tactical RTS-games, you will not regret it."
,Not Recommended,231430,8942875,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Kriegr,"Very disappointed, the game has so much downloadable content, I doubt I will ever purchase another Relic product as a result. There are actually vehicles missing from the standard multiplayer that can only be accessed by purchasing Commander Packs to unlock them. Spend your money on something else, there are better games out there."
76561198106429254,Recommended,231430,23529651,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,No hurt me plz,"You build a base, send units out to capture points, and destroy ur enemies(everything i love in a good RTS lol) Very fun RTS game, long enjoyable campaign, fun skirmish battles vs AI if u only like playing vs AIs like me ;)just watch out if ur a achievement hunter its currently 452 achievements lol"
76561198033667171,Recommended,231430,31634059,Posted: 8 May,all,Miroslav Makayev,"Best conscript spam simulator in the marketNot evenKing Tigeris safe from 200 conscripts... trust me, and if you ever ♥♥♥♥ upno worries,send 200 more!"
,Not Recommended,231430,8703490,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Brad Starbanger the IV,Company of DLC.
76561198016381485,Not Recommended,231430,15260578,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Piranha,"The game might be decent, but this company is showing DLCs and skins up in your face, constantly, asking for more money. They do not deserve support in any way."
,Not Recommended,231430,17175961,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,BeepinBoopin,it's a neo nazi game57mm anti tank gun takes 2 shots to kill a kubelwagenrear echelon troops can't kill one sturmpioneergermany always spams sturmtigers and jagdtigersall other factions are obsoletesiege heil to our german overlordsthey are innocents defending their country and did nothing wrong♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to our german overlords
,Not Recommended,231430,9947468,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,w00j,Go get COH1 instead
76561198019132665,Not Recommended,231430,3223627,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,BrickTop,"Never ever buy this pay to win game!Bad optimisation, ignoring of developers...Kuruş para vermeyin bu şerefsizlere kesinlikle!"
,Not Recommended,231430,25634489,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Ihminen,Microtransactions. In a full priced RTS game. With serious effects to gameplay. Enough said.
,Not Recommended,231430,20620448,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,9th Level Ω Male,"I enjoy the game and I think it's fun. Unfortunately it was bought out by SEGA, who proceeded to nickel and dime the thing until it's nothing but a husked out corpse. To get a single item in the game requires 3 hours of in game time (Commander, Bulletin, Faceplate or Skin), or you can simply buy all the DLC for a hot $262 USD!Absolutely despicable."
76561198005626245,Not Recommended,231430,20021111,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Demon3321,"Good for a quick game every now and then, options are very limited unless you're committed to leveling up or dropping $10 for commanders. Don't bother getting unless you got money to burn and getting it on sale.As for some of the gameplay its a little different from the first one, you don't get unit stats to help out anymore. There seems to be a big jump in AI difficulty when moving up from standard bots, a lot bigger than easy to standard. Honestly, with AI, if you're up against the wall you can hold out till they stop sending, which they will, and make a move.In the end I'll recommend you get the first CoH and skip this."
,Not Recommended,231430,19200843,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,BaronFelix,"The orignal CoH is a masterpiece of RTS design. No other game could reward players so thoroughly when they correctly anticipated an enemy's play. The sequel is almost the same, except where the original is sharp and pointed, everything in CoH2 is sort of fuzzy and mushy.In the original, each army had a number of different ways to play, with commander trees there were distinct and powerful. An experienced player might see a Wehrmacht opponent use Propaganda War in the early game, and know they should expect a King Tiger in the late game and plan for it. Now that every army has almost a dozen possible commanders who all mix and match skills, not only does your commander choice feel less distinct, but it removes an element of strategy and counter play. Plus, you level up linearly instead of with branched trees, so that element of planning is also lost.You can also customize armies with sort of ""achievement-based"" unlocks, but they just add to the fuzziness. Does a 2% faster machine gun reload matter? I can't really tell. Would I notice if my enemy had that power? Doubtful. It seems like they wanted to make your army feel personal, but didn't want to have higher level players stomp all over newer ones because their army was objectively better. The result? More fuzziness and confusion.There's also a lack of focus in some of the gameplay itself. Snipers used to be a counter to the units like mortars and machine guns because those squads were very small. But in CoH2, the Russian army mortar and MG squads are massive, so the sniper that would make quick work of them with a good player has a much, much higher chance of being caught before they make a dent in those support squads. CoH2 took a brilliant piece of counterplay and designed it straight out of the game.In terms of visual fidelity, the whole game looks either the same or worse compared to the original. But, the system demands seem much higher for no discenerable gain. You can still pay CoH on a pretty mediocre or aged machine, but CoH2 will choke computers that play Relic's own Dawn of War 2 without a hitch.I was really hoping that the British Forces pack would rekindle my interest in this game, but it's just more disappointment. I really like Relic and I wanted to like this."
76561198111412907,Not Recommended,231430,20151502,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Absence,Downgrade from Company of Heroes.It's been a long time since I've played a series game that was just a step backwards from its predecessor in every way. Luckily the original still stands up.
76561198004848660,Not Recommended,231430,20192554,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,slv`,"Please revive COHO. No more than 2 decent MP games a day, matching system is terrible and droppers all the way.So close to unstalling this game en never come back to this piece.. of code."
,Not Recommended,231430,23895225,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,turbotrixie,What made COH1 so impressive is how long it held up after its release. COH2 seemed dated seconds after its release date.But the worst of it is how greedy relic had become with this new release. Its starting to rival even the legendary train simulators with their endless lineup of DLC's.
,Not Recommended,231430,8736017,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,rpaxa.,"Does not live up to Company of Heroes 1 standard.Microtransaction stores, poorly balanced multiplayer and a more hollywood-esque campaign really take away from what could've been.Buy a nice big meal at McDonald's instead."
,Not Recommended,231430,16650830,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,heinrich.böller,"rng in this game is just stupid, very annoying. coh2 is not doing anything better than dawn of war 2, which i think was way cooler. the only plus i give coh2 is the playerbase, compared to dow 2, which is a big one though. and the main reason its unlikeable is the unbalance in factions, relic cant balance i think and they fail in almost every attempt. i want a dow 3, and preferably done by a different studio.still i had fun in this game, if i could choose neutral for the recommendation, i would do so."
,Not Recommended,231430,16673662,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,♡♥Sleepy Hellery♥♡,"its a Super fun game when you play with a friend and do ""Must have"" have western front Armies DLC BUT BUT BUTsometimes anywone can loose connection to relic servers and u have to wait  for an hour or so.once u started playing the game in a period of time IT WILL CRASH and once it crash IT WILL CRASH FOREVER!though updating ur video card,verifying game files may work for some guys but if it dosnt work for u its over..."
76561198059929035,Not Recommended,231430,8027592,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Scaramanga,Would have been a very good game .But some one at relic in there wisdom  decided lets not give player the ability to zoom out.You can zoom in to view a shoe lace but you cant zoom out to view a SMALL section of the battlefield just plain DUMB. This is a strategy game no a FPS Save your cash get COH1 and a few mods its much better
76561198039510803,Not Recommended,231430,13133802,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Big Vic,"I feel this game hasn't improved from the first Company of Heros. Fist it shows the Russian soldier as a coward. Second it is extreamly unreailistic, Unlike the Men of War series, yet there is good from this so called RTS. It has an interesting story and is appealing to a history buff. I would like to see a game more realistic come from the relic studios. My biggest dis-agreement is the soldiers accuracy and how they shoot around the apposing unit."
76561198003778364,Not Recommended,231430,9924195,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,DPK[SKILLED FEEDING],look at the amount of DLCs I don't recommend this
,Recommended,231430,14277072,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Ank,"Company of Heroes 2 is a real-time strategy developed by Relic Entertainment and published by SEGA. It is a sequel to Company of Heroes.Company of Heroes 2, has many good improvements, but also many downside. Let's start with the good thing. Company of Heroes 2 new features include new faction, new off map unit spawn, better graphics, the new Theater of War mode and more. Gameplay is absolutely better, points can now be captured just by standing inside the capture zone so infantry can focus on shooting the enemy, infantry can also now climb fences or something like that, vehicles can be abandoned when badly damaged, so we can capture and repair enemy vehicles. There is also new commander and doctrine system which make the gameplay even more vary. Modding support are also better especially with the new Steam Workshop integration. There are more to see and you will be pleased to see them.Graphics of Company of Heroes 2 are better than the first game, quite the improvements and I gotta say it's beautiful. The explosion effects, the textures variable, snow effects and stuff. It's great. They has the new snow blizzard effect that also affect gameplay, in skirmish games on snow maps blizzard can randomly happen, entirely changing the situation. Units are even more detailed with many new animations and skins for vehicles. At release and some time after that, the performance of the game was very terrible. But now finally Relic has updated the game and the performance are far more better than before, at least maybe it's because the cap it at 30 fps.But not everything in this sequel are great. Bad things also present in this Company of Heroes 2. The campaign story. I don't know, I don't want to spoil it, but there are some things considered... what, inappropriate? Like did the old Soviet Union shoots their own soldiers or executing them for heroic act like saving their Captain who was in trouble?Well, overall, for the base game and expansion packs, I recommend this game, because it's good sequel.Rating 8/10"
76561197992738874,Not Recommended,231430,14779119,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Silma,"This game is no worse than any other title of the same caliber, even well done in some respects and the campaign is well paced and feasible, with difficulty spikes only when appropriate. But I have to say, the multiplayer community is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ As one who only recently installed the game and thus low-level, I regularly find it impossible to complete a game half of the time even with a defeat. Noob-hating and noob-bashing are the norm. In 1v1 I was told to ""try team games, because only pros do 1v1"". So I did a team game, and on the very first my teammate refused to leave his base from the very beginning because he ""hates playing with noobs"". And so on and so forth. I bought the game to have fun, not to be bashed while I crawl to lvl 80+. I played COH/OF until the very end and it was lots of fun, but I'm sorry to say I'm going to uninstall this one and I think with a ""community"" like this, the game is doomed to die out very soon."
,Not Recommended,231430,15739813,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Μυργίωτς Παναγιώ,No.Do not  buy this game unless you have a really good PC and a lot of friends who are willing to buy this.A really overpriced game worth half of its money.
,Not Recommended,231430,13065762,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,K A O S <3,-it is the game where the german infantry fade out during combact-in this german have to sit(def) where on the other side allies have to go and get f**ck*d-in this game you will see german have bunker which is figthing in russian land where on the other side russian  doesnt have fu**ki*n* bulding in their own motherland to whom they can call bunker-p2w game(commader have alarge impact)-this is the game where german mg 3 is much more powerfull than mg 42-80% players play german as it is easy to play-german have tank that can fade out
,Recommended,231430,10059891,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,ODN @ 1 DOLLAR,Company of Heroes 2 is the Miley Cyrus of video games.
,Recommended,231430,17864034,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,《AQ-TEAM》🚫ΣLЯICOFATAL,Game is awsome and work EXELENT but only Intel Procesors :( i have AMD FX 8800 (buldoger) 8core 4.60GHz and 16 GB RAM and nVidia GTX 960 and  SSD 260GB and have max 14FPS game some time frap ..... and in multiplayer is very very long time logging (i have LTE category 7) so GAME IS THE BEST i play on laptop with Intel i3 and all work fast and good  but on on PC with all the best parts dont work =/-------------------------------------U have Intel this game is for u !U have Amd this game isnt for u !-------------------------------------
,Recommended,231430,18126370,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,diamondswordbro61,Huge balance issues and matchmaking is broken but it's still enjoyable.
76561198021756057,Recommended,231430,21721030,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,free4all781,"Why you always changing?This game used to be amazing and a 9/10 but since an update a few months back the changed how some of the units, not only how they can be called be called to the battle feild but also how many you have, namely the King tiger. It has now been moved to an almost comand ability and limited to just one at a time which has been a real let for one of my favourite teams. this coupled with ""improvements"" to AI means that they either do nothing or steam roll you in about 10 min., an option similar to that found in other games of this genre allowing you to select the play style of AI teams would, at least in my opion add a much wanted machanic. Over all though id still give this game a 7.5/10."
76561198125801634,Recommended,231430,31712329,Posted: 12 May,all,VinnySOB,"This review concerns Multiplayer (PvP or vs AI) only!It took me a long time to appreciate this game, but thanks to mods, I now prefer it to COH 1.I am a veteran of COH 1, with well over 1,000 hours played (mostly with the Blitzkrieg mod), so I am definately a fan of the series and never thought there would be a better game than COH 1 with Blitzkrieg mod. I recently changed my mind.I initially hated COH 2, aside from the ""true sight"" feature, and little basic upgrades like facing a machinegun team when in a house, or being able to hurdle low objects with your troops. And, I still feel the vanilla game is trash and a complete a cash grab. Specifically, there are several DLCs to purchase, and they charge for additional commanders and vehicle skins.However, there are mods, like Wikinger and Spearhead, which made this game great. In fact, I find it hard to go back to COH 1 now that I have been playing Wikinger and Spearhead. These mods, just like BK mod for COH 1, are what the game should have been from the start. Couple the mods with true site and you have a winner!True Sight: This new feature completely changes the dynamics of the game, for the better, and adds a new level of realism and strategy that was impossible in COH 1. I was amazed the first time I turned down a city street and there were tanks on the other side of the buildings that were blocking my view. It really does add a far more realistic approach to hiding units, and flanking, and tank combat...it litterally makes it a different experience from COH 1, but again, for the better.Also, once you get past the cartoonish/comicbook color scheme, you can really appreciate the improved graphics of COH2. It is hard to look at COH 1 now as it looks very dated. Also, there are little things like the way a tank rocks when it takes off or stops quickly, or the way the smoke bellows from the barrel after it shoots. Also, things like smoke actually work now because of true sight. Yea, this is my new favorite game, by far, but only when using Spearhead or Wikinger mod, the vanilla game is not my cup of tea. When this game goes on sale again, with all the DLC included, you should pick it up and grab some mods from the workshop. It really is a great multiplayer RTS."
76561198011841741,Recommended,231430,12712321,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Ludwig,"Company of Heroes 2 is a fantastic, albeit it slightly rage-inducing multiplayer experience. The singeplayer - i.e, the campaign and the mission packs that go with it in Theatre of War mode, is pretty lacklustre with not much to show for itself other than a narrative storyline driven by a relatively novice approach to the Eastern Front and some interesting cooperative missions for the Case Blue ToW mission series.Multiplayer is where CoH2 really comes into its own. I feel the game is in this respect vastly superior to its predecessor, but it doesn't come without flaws. As an Ostheer player, the game breaking nature of the British Forces addon often results in boring, repetitive gameplay, wherein a British player need only establish a collection of mortar emplacements and Bofors guns to hold strategic locations, making them impenetrable without the right tools. In many cases you'll end up having to field medium tanks such as the Panzer IV to make any progress against these positions as the hitting power of the 8 cm Granatwerfer 34 (standard German mortar) is not sufficient except in large numbers to quickly get rid of the British mortar emplacement, which is static and fortified, and fires quite rapidly.If you want this game to provide a realistic experience of the Second World War, or a balanced multiplayer, don't bother. Both the Ostheer and Oberkommando West require a decent level of skill on the part of the player in order to function correctly. If you're relying on someone you don't know - either in 2v2, 3v3, or 4v4 setups - you might find yourself losing games repeatedly, which can be extremely frustrating if you feel you're doing well. Allied and Soviet units such as the SU-85, Jackson, and IS-2 are big threats, since their build can more or less carry even the most incompetent Allied or Soviet player in the mid to late game. As the Ostheer, you'll find yourself commanding skilled but in many cases inadequate units against hordes of American riflemen with BARs, Tommies with their green cover rapid firing bonus, or just Soviet conscripts in large numbers. To counter this you have to be quick off the ball, with an effective reaction time and an understanding of which units trump their counterparts, and so on.All in all I enjoy the game, and I would recommend it, though it does have an abundant capacity to make you utter every naughty word under the sun."
,Recommended,231430,21840864,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Pitrushkin,No highlanders in british forces expansion -1/10
,Recommended,231430,21688581,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,✚Pz.General✠von✠Schnitzel✚,Company of heroes 2 is a great sequel to the first game! It always has a fun challenge even against the bots. Sure there are DLC's for different armies but they are worth the money! This game is worth the money because you will always be facing a new challenge in a beutiful map with cool vehicles and amazing game mechanics! I myself love to use the artillery to set the mood then I charge in with my troops and tanks to begin the epic fight.Also with the steam workshop you can download or create awesome skins to use or spread out. Compared to the first CoH games this game is about the same in graphics. (improved in CoH2) The only downside I'd say is that you need a good computer to let the game show it's full graphical potential but luckily there are some good settings yo save your♥♥♥♥♥on the FPS. Company of Heroes has been my faviorite game since the first one and god am I not dissapointed in this game. Buy all the CoH games they are all great WWII strategy games and they are worth every penny! I hope you find this review helpful in any way of getting this awesome game! And I'll see you on the battlefields commander!
,Recommended,231430,17964633,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,HaunterHero,"I bought a PC for this game... no, really.pros+ lot of fun with my friends (yes, i have those)+ Stugs+ breath taking mutiplayer+ sexy tanks+ solders say bad words+ very polished+ ♥♥♥♥ ton of units to use+ T 34s+ fun story modes+ blob wipes are better than sex+ pimpin tank skins+ Luchs are super kawaii :3+ oooooorrrrraaaahhhh!Cons-community is full meany face balance Nazis"
,Recommended,231430,9811389,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,The Phantom Mask,"Postive+Great Graphics+Fun Multiplayer+Great voice acting (Put a 8cm rocket up their♥♥♥♥♥)+Great unit traversal controls(Going over objects, reverse movement)Negatives-Balance is absymal-Not so Authentic Gun Sounds(G43 sounds like sniper rife)-Single Player storyline is historically incorrect and has a very average fun factor- DLC OverloadOverall: A good game that requires more balance and less Pay2Win DLC commanders"
76561198009582795,Recommended,231430,25512772,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,seulukaya,This is the best RTS game I have ever played. All games even in the same map defer from each other increasing the playability. The fractions offer different styles for different type of players. The balance among them is also very good.It is a must buy item for WW2 and RTS addicts.
76561197970568517,Recommended,231430,29988112,Posted: 17 February,all,Aquaholik,"I bought this game ages ago on a computer that could only run it like a slideshow. Until recently I have been able to play it with a friend. We have enjoyed playing the co-op and skirmish missions together. I bought all the DLC on sale and I can say that I have gotten my moneys worth.I understand the criticism about the DLC model and it is frustrating. However, if this game didn't have the DLC model it currently has, this game would most likely be unsupported 4 years later.  Personally, I have not played any multiplayer games online against random opponents.The graphics are fantastic and smooth on my system. The gameplay in the campaign, co-op battles and skirmishes can be intense and frantic.It is not a perfect game, there are imbalances and the DLC model is frustrating but there is plenty of content to keep me happy for many hours which is why I can recommend playing COH2."
,Recommended,231430,20310246,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Lepton,"If you are looking for the best strategy game out there then consider buying this game.It strikes the perfect balance between number of units / micro-management / flank-rear-front positioning / tactical usage / occasional massing / using cover / unit abilties / resource management /choke-point control / etcIt isn't overly crowded like Age of Empires or similar gamesBut you have control of more than 1 or 2 single units.In an average game you are probably simultaneously trying to control 5 or 6 different units in pretty crucial micro-management situations. While this is quite difficult to master, it is extremely rewarding.For example:While you are simultaneously turning your machine-gun around to face a flank attack, you need to dodge the enemy grenade with your forward infantry, cancel your mortar attack, re-direct your AT, create a new squad of troops, and release covering smoke from your tank.-You will eventually get used to the intense micromanaging pace this game sets.It is absolutely amazing.+ Unlike other strategy games a soldier firing a rifle at a tank doesn't do any damage. Yes, absolutely zero damage. Which is reassuring to say the least."
,Recommended,231430,7772235,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Jacocksky,A very good RTS game that is both challenging and fun at the same time. The story is amazing and I recommend this for RTS gamers who wants their skills to be tested.
,Recommended,231430,15461717,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Ω Ohmega Mann Ω,"Definitely not a fan of being able to rack up a couple hundred bucks in DLC - but other than all the extra crap you guys are trying to sell to the deep pocketed gamers out there - good job love the game itself it really has great gameplay love the variety involved in the units and armies only thing i'd say is implement more armies - Italian, Japanese, even French (I know the French one is a bit of a stretch...)"
,Not Recommended,231430,17634281,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Rookiestill,plays like 他妈的 fiddle
,Recommended,231430,14231761,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,LordOfSpoon,"Amazing game. Started play from COH 1 when it wasnt on steam. Graphics are amazing, story is great. But the only thing I do not like is the low population caps."
,Recommended,231430,14658739,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,The Rainy Desert (Jesus),"This game is a serious joke, quit before you cant stop playing."
,Recommended,231430,12918222,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,krush,True RTS excellence
,Recommended,231430,10038662,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡Ɣ∈ηΦɱ,"Well to summarise the history:  It is 1941 and the beginning of what will become the most brutal conflict of World War II, as Germany launches a full-scale invasion of the frozen tundra of the Soviet Union which would result in over 14 million military casualties.Now you know all the historical details, you follow Lev Abramovich Isakovich (Yes, his name is Abramovich Isakovich, kinda like calling an American Kid, Johnny Doucebag) a Soviet Army lieutenant locked up at a gulag in Siberia in 1952. An Army colonel – his old commanding officer – interrogates him about his experiences during the war.Now onto the gameplay...This game does have repetitive features from the original Company of Heroes BUT, it also adds alot of new features as well, for example the addition of your men freezing to death if you don't make them go near a campfire or shelter for too long. Firefights in the game do get rather intense but as I said, quite repetitive from the original COH.Soldier: Comrades we must push forward through the blizzard because our Commander forced us to, it's for the best tovarisch. URA!Yeah sure the new features are new and creative, however the thing that bugged me was some of the missions were...unorthadox. Like burning Russian villages with RUSSIANS INSIDE THEM.Soldier: HAHA, BURN, BURN FASCIST PIGS! HAHAHAHHA....Hehe....Eeeehhh sh*t.I'm not sure where Relic gets these 'historical facts' from, but it sounds like they pulled it out of their asses.Lets not forget the beginning of the game during the tutorial mission, where at the end you're shown a cinematic of a Russian commander ordering a machinegunner to execute retreating Russian soldiers.Clap Clap Clap ClapGeez, you could've jsut sacked them or make them go into disciplinary action. But yeah you could just do this:https://i.gyazo.com/b7b2da0279b6d544af17a60f86acaa3e.gifNow the part that everyone loves, the ☭ Final Verdict ☭Apart from all the repetitive features that Relic just happened to slap on and call it a new one.Company of Heroes 2 does not lose its touch on fun RTS and commanding forces from either Allied or Axis troops.Positives:+Intense firefights+Excellent storyline+Graphics are decent (depending on what computer you have)+Adds new features that the original lackedNegatives:-Repetitive features from the original COH-Adds a bunch of DLC packs which are almost worthless-Great History .-.I rate this game a 7/10It's an OK RTS game, however as I said, unorthadox."
76561197991484447,Recommended,231430,24671498,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ΛΡΦΚΛLΨΡΖΣ RΣΧ,Nazbols hate it!Purchase to find out!
76561198033187442,Not Recommended,231430,9936777,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,N1,游戏剧情太傻逼了，明显的意识形态偏向以及双重标准This is a Nazi-made game. Thats it.
,Recommended,231430,9133710,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,PowerDown,"well u no wut they say folks, hitler didn't win the war without his sidekick, chup dilliams"
,Recommended,231430,18227585,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,D-Rock96,I love this game!Graphics are amazingGameplay is very realisticStrategy is keyAnd is insanely fun with friends.10/10 in my book
76561198077279202,Recommended,231430,32822564,Posted: 26 June,all,Moartea,"IF ONLY DEVS WOULD GIVE A FLYING F/;'''U,C_K TO FIX BUGS IN MULTYPLAYER THIS WOULD HAVE BEEN A GREAT GAME!!!!EAT A PILE OF S/H,I_T DEVS"
76561198077762159,Recommended,231430,32869883,Posted: 27 June,all,namtam,"Company of Heroes 2 is a fun World War 2 RTS, featuring the newest playable faction, The Soviet Union. The Soviets get their own campaign, and while there is an American campaign that is offered as DLC, the Soviet campaign is fun on its own and features many unique missions, straying from the standard RTS path of base building and managing resources. I haven't explored much into the multiplayer yet, but the game does offer many co-op missions from historic World War 2 battles with either co-op versus another player, or co-op versus an ai; there are singleplayer challenges as well!I bought the master collection for the game when it was on sale for $6, so I cannot fully attest to the DLC scamming that the devs have done. If any DLC is most notable for the game, it would be the Ardennes Assault campaign. This is a non-linear American campaign featuring dynamic map interactions where conflicts are not following a linear story per-se, but instead occur as a result of intercepting German counter-offensives, and making strategic moves to capture territory.I would recommend the game, but make sure that you get in on sale. The DLC is good, but follows the stupidity of abundance for things that could have been included in the game from the start.WITH DLC 7/10If devs keep this up this malpractice with excessive DLC and only selling us an incomplete game, we should boycott the company"
,Recommended,231430,32686827,Posted: 23 June,all,Mirza1453,One of the best WWII strategy game I have ever played.
76561198039855809,Recommended,231430,21304357,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Burger Platoon,"If you like playing these kind of games and you like WW2, then this is a must buy game. I would recommand to buy it on sale since it's a few years old, but I would definitely buy it full price even in 2016. Amazing game. Great campaign mode, CoH part one already has an awsome campaign and CoH2 follows in those footsteps. The game is graphic a lot better than part one, also there are a lot more units. Multiplayer is also awsome, really fun. You have to constantly capture and secure points, the balance of battle can shift a lot in one single game. That keeps it always interesting if you play AI (apart from easy) or players of your own caliber. You have to micromanage a lot of units, that can be a bit difficult at first but you will get use to that pretty soon. I would suggest buying a clompete pack, so you can play all factions in multiplayer mode."
76561198022680504,Recommended,231430,20650307,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Saper9,>be me>have a nice tactics>not op but can huminilate noobs> #behappysmile>suddenly>PATCH TIME>norelicplzNO>They♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my tactics>none of them is working>nerf germans>nerf second germans>buff americans to cure their little♥♥♥♥♥♥complex>#sosadgonnabedrunk>go to MM>use one of my old tactics>lose>be huminilated by some korean noobs>cry10/10 would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by balance patch again
,Recommended,231430,21295369,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Mong,"Company of heroes 2 by far is my favorite WW2 RTS, don't listen to other cave trolls saying its ""pay to win"" because quite frankly, I still use many of the basic doctrines in a high ranking matches, the game features 5 factions that all have different flexibilities and strategy for your liking. Also it being a RTS its been part of the competitive community as well, another cool feature as the progresses.But now I shall leave you with a poem....""Roses are redViolets are blueI'm stuck on the eastern frontAND SO THE F**K ARE YOU!"""
,Recommended,231430,20742045,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Papa Polan,"COH2Start gameSpam consriptsCharge at the germansRussians Scream: ""UURAH!"" and ""ZA STALINA""Russians Get killed1 guy retreatsGets shot by commander11/10 would genecide russians again"
76561197999353153,Not Recommended,231430,21661166,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,spek✞re - twitch.tv/lazyghost99,Pissweak campaign with lazy storytelling. Decent multiplayer which is  shadowed by microtransactions.
,Not Recommended,231430,22006557,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Zojammerweer,"I play COH1 for the tanks. The bigger the better. I bought the game, for the tanks. Now the biggest tanks are behind a paywall, or I need to play the game a long time to unlock the bigger tanks by chance. I don't want to, so I dont play the game anymore. Too bad."
76561198012004186,Recommended,231430,23574949,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Satchel Charge,Nice game!
76561198044072387,Not Recommended,231430,12798512,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,newbee,"Just finished the campaign and feeling horribly demoralized.... this is not company of heroes, it tries everything to portrait russians as villains in WWII, and makes the NAZI look like the victim.  It does seems like there is a hidden agenda here as it almost make the NAZI look like heroes defending a russian invasion, very deceptive indeed. This is really bad for kids that haven’t learn from real history books yet.  It sets the stage for mistrust in future generations.  I expect Relic to have better judgement since they have built quite a few good games in the past.  It is very disappointing."
76561198066483713,Not Recommended,231430,8072561,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,armjoeyb10,"after playing it i was very disapointed. i was expecting real time stratagy of making big bases, fortifying defences making trenches maybe even but alas not so. They almost completly taken away the base building aspect and base defences aspect as well and really limited it. very disapointed indeed"
76561198075606359,Not Recommended,231430,8236743,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,z871014,"Close combat, combat mission series or achtung panzer series are way better than this entertaining game in simulating tactical situations."
,Not Recommended,231430,8201002,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,El Cappuccino,"This game has the steepest learning curve in recent memory. I've played tons of rts games including many hours on the original Company of Heroes and this game's difficulty is by far the hardest of any that I've played. On Normal difficulty (the one I'm assuming that most people will start on) the difficulty is far beyond that of any rts I can think of, this isn't a criticism of the gameplay mechanics or the AI's intelligence both of which are very good, the normal AI is simply too hard for most people who'd be new to the game or even those who are experienced in the genre. The AI even on normal is ruthless and plays with a remarkable degree of skill and utilisation of the game elements, often flanking, providing diversions and usings all elements of the game mechanics, and while this is a great display of the game's AI most players aren't going to be good enough to face off against the normal AI for sometime. While some people might say ""play the Easy AI instead then move up"", this isn't a viable option as the easy AI is borderline braindead, providing little to no challenge what so ever, and I'd imagine that people would learn little from playing against it for prolonged periods of time. To make myself clear, I'm not criticising the game for being hard, I'm criticising it for being very unwelcoming for many new or casual players.Like many rts games, the campaign isn't worth glancing at, a very linear scripted and generic line up awaits, not worth your time. This game's campaign gets a lot of criticism (wrongly so) from the portrayal of the Soviets, as bloodthirsty and cruel but apparently many people have never read a history book."
76561197962683383,Recommended,231430,18302423,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Patton,"These people writing bad reviews are ♥♥♥♥ing insane children. Just like its predecessor, the first CoH, this is one of the if no the best RTS made to date and definitley the best WWII RTS around."
,Recommended,231430,8471233,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,akula,"Probably the best RTS ever made. My only complaint would be that the pay commanders can be quite powerful, as opposed to offering variety they offer power."
,Not Recommended,231430,9164209,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Neutral Homer,Good game if you want to spend over 60 dollars just for some OP as ♥♥♥♥ DLC
,Not Recommended,231430,7398025,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,С Г エ χ,"It's♥♥♥♥♥♥ I should've expected it. The signs were there, eveyrthing since dawn of war 2 has just been a goddamn downhill slope for relic, and this just confirms it. Forgetting about the legion of butthurt russians trying to imply the slighly glorified campaign events never happened (lol) the game fails to bring anything GOOD to the the CoH franchise. The tactics are the same or worse, gone is the well implemented doctrine system, instead now you chose a commander who shares half his abilities with other commanders, oh and there are DLC commanders so now you are 100% validated when you can claim others 'pay to win'. The UI is a hot ♥♥♥♥ing mess, it's goddamn ugly and has everything taking up the wrong amount of space in the wrong places."
76561198024145486,Recommended,231430,15264287,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,êrman kuzu,"Do you want to play a game that game mechanics force you to find and operate different tactics, do you want to play a game which game never gives you a break, allways forces you to do something, do you want to play a game where sometimes gun louds never stop for 20 minutes. If yes this is your game download and start playing."
76561198086691982,Not Recommended,231430,17812802,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Secret.Finalizer,"Companies of Heroes 2 Honest Review+\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\Verdict: *BUY when on SALE*Summary:Companies of Heroes 2 is a solid and enjoyable game cut into small bits of pieces from the main game in a bid to cash in on them despite the fact that those pieces could easily provided to the players in the first place. This is evident with the number of ""Purchase"" icon in game. Modding support is included however, though you may need to purchase certain major pieces* in order to fully enjoy the game. Knowing SEGA, DLCs includes two Armies (The USAF and the OKW) American and Late-German armies, a full campaign (Ardense Forest), Skin Packs, Commander Packs and many more. This is a huge disadvantage for users who is short on funds and is normally a bane for a non-free to play game like this one. Furthermore, Multiplayer online skirmish lacks any regulation nor penalties for abusive and players who abandon the game, ruining the fun for all who stayed in a multiplayer match. Overall, if you want to play this game, you must;1. Wait for it to go on sale.2. Buy the two western front armies and/or the British forces3. wait for another sales to add to your game.4. Prepare lots of cash.5. Stomach abusive players with no way of penalising them.6. Play an online skirmish with AIs when all your friends leave when 1 quit.7. Repeat Step 1 to 7. Especially Step 4.In summation, it is an enjoyable game mired with questionable business practice and no overthought on the multiplayer scene (Refer DOTA 2's mechanics for errant players). I must advised against buying this. Buy the first one (Company of Heroes) for a better in game experience.=====================================[INTRO]Companies of Heroes 2 is a solid game from the venerable Companies of Heroes and took on the eastern setting of the tragic war of WW2 in 1941-1945. Its a fresh new prespective playing as the Russian and looking from their side of the story. No spoilers though.THE GOOD:First of all, the gameplay is good and enjoyable, where it resembles the likes of Comand and Conquer series with a touch of Heroes and Generals on it. There is the infantry, support vehicle, tanks, artillery and specific comand vehhicle or emplacement made available by earning or purchasing commnaders in game. You start with 2 army, fortunately solid and versatile enough to not warrant buying the wetern front armies. The beauty of the game shines on the combination of all the game elements, voice acting, wonderful musics that captures the atmosphere and the tactics played by the veterans.THE BAD:Unfortunately, there is way too much negative aspects of the game that prevents this game from claiming glory. Firstly, there is the countless DLCs, that includes three armies, Oberkomando west (Germans), US Army and the British Forces, a full fledged campaign, skin packs for vehicles and Commanders Set Pieces. Some quarters complained that the commanders aspect of the game esentially made it play to win because each commanders provides players with additional abilities, vehicles and bonuses that the main game dont provide. Community is another aspect worth mentioning. Just like any other massive multiplayer games, not all players would play sportingly and in COH2, players could be abusive and dropped out from game with no penalties whatsoever. They could easily use Valve's Dota2 penalty mechanics in this game.SUMMARY:This game represents the best and worse of gaming. Solid gameplay but with bad business practice. Buy only after reviewing this review."
76561198022141057,Recommended,231430,9205564,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,mark.howard1,"I have to say I'm a big fan of this game.  I've played it for hundreds of hours and have played every one of the COH series so I guess I'm hooked.  It has a good variety of men and equipment and different levels for all standards of player.  There is something in this game for everyone especially if you have some knowledge of the capabilities of the equipment from WW2.I could possibly sit here and try to pick faults but that would simply mask how much enjoyment I've had from this game.I love trying to complete the little tasks for each equipment (200 kills with one Tiger is really difficult) and they add another level of difficulty to each game if you do that as well. I love the game and love the support for it.  The software team really do seem to listen and try to improve any aspects that need it.   If you are interested in WW2 then I would thoroughly recommend this for you.  I've had so much fun and believe it is a ""must have"" game for any RTS player.  Top banana."
,Recommended,231430,1577450,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,TechAnalyst,"The original Company of Heroes game sits in my top 10 games of all time, even though it's fairly old I still played it.When THQ went belly up I was worried that the new purchase by SEGA would somehow ruin what I would hope and expect from COH2, I am glad to say that my worries can be thrown away.The graphics, well for the most part generally it looks and feels like COH, the weather elements are actually a bit more fun and adds something new to the strategy.  The general gameplay remains the same as COH, a fellow friend stated he felt it was to busy, which it is, but in COH it was fairly slow going, in COH2 it feels as if theres more action and more happening, bit of a new learning curve on how to manage things.Do I recommend this game?  Yes, buy it, you'll get your moneys worth."
76561198066774389,Recommended,231430,18779184,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Dragon Loli,10/10 - would destroy everything with a king tiger again.
,Not Recommended,231430,22592117,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Xaikus,"After more than 2000 hours of gameplayCOH2 is really good strategy game but:-after more than 2000 hours I have failed to get all commanders, skins and bulletins by means of spoils of war-a lot of dupes in spoils of war and relic failed to fix it because of greed-this game is a bit pay to win and the reason why is because having more commanders will make a player more flexible in his/her strategy for example UKF can only reinforce through there base or forward assembly as long as it is linked up to the base but you can reinforce at enemy territory by means of halftrack which can also provide piat/lmg and this unit is only available in paid commander and same goes to other units such as pershing, calliope, land mattress, churchill crocodile etc..-poor support, I posted on relic forums and steam forums about bugs that I have found such as my multiplayer achievement does not seem to progress and bugs such as sachel trouble bulletin does not work. these post are ignored and I felt they are rude"
,Not Recommended,231430,22209656,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Croy,I never got sucked in to the campaign or the multiplayer.
76561198065063610,Recommended,231430,27868290,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DeimosExitium,Best RTS bar none
76561197990720202,Not Recommended,231430,26635309,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,TiberiusGracchus Gladiator,"Fantastic game, but ruined by micro-transactions and purchasable factions that are stronger than the free ones (British)."
76561198160558390,Not Recommended,231430,26500685,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,♫Swoo♫,"To new players, do not buy british american or any of the factions, its freaking better to stick with the two factions AS THEY ARE UNBALANCE AS HELL, THEY CAN GET TANKS FASTER THEN ALL THE OTHER FACTIONS (Russian faction, german faction), while the american faction takes 5 years to get tanks, so good game to the freaking developers."
76561197964832112,Recommended,231430,23095710,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,ZerberuS,"I really loved COH and I also like COH 2 despite it's weaknesses.First of all, the game has great graphics and game mechanics. Especially on 4v4 MP matches this games become great on the endgame when you have tank battles like in kursk and you fight for every point as your tickets amount become low. You then face a sometimes little disturbing battles where many soldiers die for holding this point and you realise how hard war can be when a single salve of artillery fire kills 20 of your brave elite soldierts who did everything to follow your order.The singleplayer is also nice and I really wish they had spent more effort German and allied campaigns.Pros:+ Great RTS with many options and ways to achieve victory+ Cool mechanics and graphics+ awesome atmospherenegs:- Bugs (they are plenty of them)- Devs. not caring about bugs and prefering to sell more useless skins on 5 GB updates every week- every replay you save will become incompatible with every ""skin update""......- Not very popular, it sometimes takes ages until you find a MP game to join inConclusion:I love this game despite the bugs and greedy devs not caring at all. It would be nice if a company like blizzard was behind this project, then we would get a gaming experience that reaches levels you never expected but sadly, this will never happen.What ever, I'd buy again, but not the CE as I spend more than 100 € for it to have to buy every single DLC for like 20 - 30 €... Greed over quality."
76561198040448372,Recommended,231430,18217346,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Strech,It's ok I guess.
,Not Recommended,231430,25746874,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Woogie101,"Company Of Heroes 2 is a great game but keep in mind that it is a major DLC game so you get such a rip-off on most of the game unless you wanna give the devs more money for making only 1/3 of the game and selling the other 2/3 for more money. Other than that this game is a pretty good RTS and it does have steam-workshop open so that can keep it interesting FOR FREE 👌 also if you really wanna try that dlc♥♥♥♥♥♥like the british, americans, or obokamado west you can just download a mod on the steam workshop which lets you spawn in any units and any buildings while in game and you can also get commander powers too on it."
76561197960948345,Not Recommended,231430,22132423,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Ooryl,"This would be a great game is you didn't have to pay an arm and a leg for it. Game companies nowadays are like drug dealers. They hooked us early with the good stuff, and now that we're addicted they've cut back on quality/upped the price. It's simply a smack in the face when the vanila edition of the previous game has double the launch content of its sequel.Even buying it on sale I still feel ripped off. For the love of God I hope nobody pays upward of $30 for lackluster content that should've been included in the stock version of the game anyway."
76561198005957564,Not Recommended,231430,21551665,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,HansGruber,Company of DLC... Pay to win with the added bonos of sever lag.
76561198051313089,Recommended,231430,30258191,Posted: 1 March,all,GeeWhizzz,"Really nice WWII themed RTS game. The capture point system is so much better than other RTS games e.g. Star Craft, etc. I've been playinh the CoH series since the first one came out and always loved it. CoH2 was pretty buggy at first escpecially the root finding but with the constant bugfixing it turned out quite nicely. The only downside to the game that I can think of is the fact that you have to pay for certain commanders who grant you access to different special abilities and units. Unless you're into competative MP it doesn't really matter, though.Really nice SP campaigns and hours and hours of fun in MP. Getting the addons is worth it."
,Recommended,231430,23566780,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,𝓐𝔁𝓲𝓲,"TL;DR at BottomIf you enjoyed this review,consider giving it a thumbs up!7/10Hesitant Recommendationhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=700275348Company of Heroes 2 is the second in a renowned RTS series of the same name. The game is developed by Relic Entertainment who, if you remember, were the masterminds behind the phenomenal Dawn of War series as well as other RTS successes. The game was published by Sega and releasesd in June of 2014 with a generally positive reception, although muddled by a bit of controversy about the portrayal of the Soviets. The game includes a single-player campaign and two multiplayer modes: Co-op scenarios and competitive versus. The main campaign has 15 missions and should take you about 12-16 hours depending on what difficulty you choose and how experienced you are with RTS games as a whole. The whole of the game is superb, if a bit cliche in some places, and was clearly made with quite a bit of love on Relic's part.“I told my mother we’d see Elefants, Panthers, and Tigers. She thought I was visiting the Moscow Zoo.”-Unknown Russian SoldierCompany of Heroes 2 is a different kind of RTS more in the vein of Dawn of War II than more standard games such as Starcraft and Grey Goo. In Company of Heroes 2 there is one main campaign and one DLC campaign, seeing as this is a review for the base game I will only be talking about the main campaign. The story starts you off with a mission to retake Stalingrad with a very Enemy at the Gates feel to it. After that point you go through many other missions through mostly snowy environments, with some exceptions towards the end, and even a forest mission or two. The problem is that most of the levels are designed to clearly use much of the same tileset so half the game is set in very typical wintery forests and towns with very little in the way of unique map design. However, this makes the maps that aren't wintery feel a lot more fun as they're your only chance to break from the mold. Seeing as the main campaign is completely focused on the Soviets i'll talk about how they work as a faction.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=700275875So every faction in this game has different abilities they can use on a little hotbar above the UI. These abilities include actions such as calling in a stuka fighter to do a strafing run or bringing in a squad of poorly-trained conscripts depending on the faction. These abilities are key to the campaign and can be the difference between victory and defeat in some missions. I feel the game could have some more interesting powers that affect the game in a bigger way other than just adding units to the fray or doing a basic strafe. As the soviets the gameplay is focused on the typical mentality of quantity over quality which I feel works incredibly poorly seeing as the Company of Heroes 2 as a game is meant to make every unit feel important. This directly counters the Soviet style of play and makes them incredibly hard in multiplayer and in some singleplayer situations because you end up trying to make miracles happen with infantry who's main use is to be disposable. The units are all insanely boring and begin to blend together between factions as they all pretty much have either the same units or very close copies. The co-op scenarios are just too slow and seem to be built around setting up ambushes and really playing strategically with your units but that's practically impossible against a cheating AI.TL;DRAs a whole most of the campaign is very boring and repetitive but there are just enough moments where a true RTS peeks out for me to recommend CoH 2.If you found this review helpful or entertaining then feel free to leave a comment and join my Steam Curator Group atMudkips Gaming"
,Recommended,231430,20599344,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Spycer42,"Loosing tanks/infantry squads makes me more angry than getting killed in csgo/dota, or dark souls..."
,Recommended,231430,10726898,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,balticnapo,"Honest Company of Heroes 2 reviewCons and Pros of the game in short summary.Pros:-Awesome battles-Destruct able battlefields-Beautiful RTS game-Nice progression in the gameplay from early to late game-RNG risk/reward feeling-Great multiplayer experienceNorms:-WW2 elements-War spoils-Some unbalanced features for the different factions-Less base building, and more focus on the battlefields-Mediocre campaignCons-Badly optimized-30 Fps lock in Main Menu-unpolished feels :´(-No crafting/trading-Lots of DLC-Terrible ranking system-No in game leaderboards-Isn´t really big in the competitive genre-Some clunky animations-No options to change hotkeys than Classic or GridQuick Summary Version:""The game is good, just buy it okay...""""Now for those who might want to spend more time for this review, there is a full explanation bellow.""Explained Company of Heroes 2 reviewThe game itself:Company of Heroes 2 is one of the top 10 RTS games out there, it's an arcane RTS game with ww2 elements putting the axis vs allies in intense battles ranging from 1v1 battles to 4v4 in multiplayer and got a very mediocre campaign that I won't go into detail. Company of Heroes 2 has changed allot since its early days and is better game if it´s compared when how the game was back in 2013, which allot of people seem to cry about.The game itself got some of the base building stuff and teaching, though the game focuses more on the battlefield rather than the base building moment of the game. Another thing that company of heroes 2 got that other RTS games don´t have is the RNG element of the game and it´s destructible battlefields that give a nice element to the game.RNG means random generated number, what it does have to do with the game is to give this risk/reward feeling while you send your units into battle. When your units shoot their guns, the game will select a random number, depending if the number was good or not will determine if the unit made a hit or not. Sometimes a tank shell can destroy a whole squad because of that, and can be very frustrating, but also when you manage to do this against the enemy, it feels rewarding. Though some people might hate this RNG system that relic has added to Company of Heroes 2 as a feature, cause of the frustration it can give while you're trying to finish that last squad or tank and your units miss all there shots to finish the job.The DLC side and balance, +features:Company of Heroes 2 got allot of DLC that's mostly just skins or commanders that give you a different playstyle, though nowadays relic has fixed the major issues the game had back in 2013 when some commanders were just pay to win, you needed to own these commanders to play decent against others players and the game has become much more stable since then. Relic has also added a ""War spoil"" system that enables all players that have purchased the game to get the DLC(expect Theater of war and new factions) while playing the game. Though, this system is very close to the drop system in tf2 and is very random. The only really garante for you to get all the DLCs for free is just to play allot over the time and hope you get the DLC you wanted for free. They haven't added any kind of a crafting system with the duplicates you sometimes to get while getting war spoils which mostly leads you to remove them because of the item limit with 1000 slots. They haven't added any trading system for players to trade items with each other which is a bit sad, though it seems like relic is hinting on adding these features with how they drastically changed their business model.Features it lacks:Though, the games got some unpolished features like: how the game lacks an ingame leaderboard to show players what´s there rank and relies more on you using a browser to check your rank from there website which is annoying. The game is also pretty badly optimized and really needs to be worked on. Even the main menu got problems with giving a very unpolished feeling, while starting the game up the screen will lock itself to 30fps cause of the movie that is played behind the main menu.Another issues is that some animations with the new factions are very clunky and gives a very unpolished feature to the game while playing also, I´m talking about the infantry units animations in the game.The game doesn't have a option to change your hotkeys which is a bit sad and gives you only the option to change between Classic Hotkeys(hotkeys from coh1) or grid hotkeys.The ranking system:The ranking system in coh2 is also very unbalanced and will sometimes match you up with a completely new player against players that have 800h+ ingame. Another thing is that they almost never reset the ranks. That means if some player managed to become maybe top 200 or so, it enables him to stay at the rank pretty much with just not playing. It´s a bit shame they haven't really inputted a same kind of a feature that Cs:go got with it´s ""accept to play"" feature. What I mean is that, when you search for a game and accept, you comply that you are gonna play a game for 30-60 mins, and if you leave, you're gonna get a punishment for breaking the ""accept to play feature"". This enables players to leave right when a match starts and ruin the fun for other players in 4v4 (for as an example), and make them lose right of the bat and decrease their rank thanks to him/her.Final verdict:I would recommend this game for people that want something else than Starcraft 2 in the RTS genre and want something new with its own elements. It´s a bit sad that Company of Heroes 2 isn´t really that big in the competitive genre of games, and the game has the ability to be there, though there are some things that need to be changed before it can see that light of day."
,Not Recommended,231430,9870549,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,GoodIshno,"Of course, I waited a long time the second part of Company heroes, and I was disappointed. Certainly good gameplay, but the company, what they came up with garbage if only it is not the game would be completely non-defective. Obsolyutno dissatisfied buying so much money in the trash"
,Recommended,231430,8156714,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Adolf Hipster,The best real-time strategy game of all time. OF ALL TIME. No bias.
76561197968648674,Not Recommended,231430,8733269,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Shoeshine,"is this a bad game?...nois this a good game?..nois it worth a £30 price tag then extra for some DLC that should really have been released as part of the game?...no chance, if you see it for £10-£15 then it's fineit's ok, campaign is decent enough but the MP maps are all pretty much the same and the enemy AI is clearly able to see every move you make from start to finish, this will no doubt be to increase difficulty but all it actually does is make it frustrating and utterly pointless setting up any kind of meaningful defences (a play style i enjoy is defend to build strength then hit back)Russians can gank infantry and tanks very fast and very early on in the game leaving Germans on the defensiveGermans if lucky enough to hold out long enough to build Panther tanks then through in some carefull control of them along with engineers for repairs and two or three anti infantry vehicles/units and the tables switch pretty fastall in all not bad but nothing special either, if you cant find it on offer dont worry just buy the entire CoH1 pack for less and get far more out of it"
76561198046793368,Not Recommended,231430,8733362,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Billski,"I recommend picking up a copy of the first one over this one...yes graphics are better and that is where it stops. In order to play with certain perks and units, you must purchase add on packs that include skins and commanders...Play them both and you will notice a huge difference like I did."
76561198049554589,Recommended,231430,20480279,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Uncle hugs me funny,"Great unit dialogue, great graphics, great game play. Don't hurt yourself trying to play the US forces."
,Recommended,231430,16845978,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Der Teddy :),It's ok.
,Recommended,231430,34071198,Posted: 6 August,all,WilsonSarnie,A RATHER SPLENDID CROMWELL IS NOW AVAILABLE
76561198112592932,Recommended,231430,14357123,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Mach21,"A good sequel to a great game, unfortunately very dlc happy, stealing far more from me then initially agreed.  hopefully 3 will b released a full, playable product with dlcs that add to fun but arent needed for it.  Bottom line : a good WW2 RTS thats not completely finished even still.     7/10 compared to coh 1 w/expansion, 9/10 compared to all other current RTS."
,Not Recommended,231430,26504394,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Zaney,"Grab your rifle, helmet and credit card!You just bought the game and you want to get started playing multiplayer as soon as you have gotten a feel for the game. Then you realize the perks and commanders you begin with are subpar.But fear not! For the low low price of 3.99€ you can buy one, that’s 1, a single commander. Btw there are +40 different commanders you can buy, you do the math.Luckily there are bundles. You can buy the complete package of in-store items for only for only  337.99€!What a St(d)ealThis game has a ton of pricy DLC that are not shown on the steam store pageBut you can grind your way to all the good stuff… if you are immortal and have nothing better to do.This process is extremely slow and tedious. You are better off taking a minimum wage job instead of grinding.It is such a shame, because the gameplay is good. The “micro” transactions are not."
76561197986672843,Not Recommended,231430,15059701,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Kyru to the rescue!,"I have played CoH 1 and 2 for years now and I can honestly say (like everyone else posting reviews about this game) that CoH 1 was in fact way better balanced. They have ""optimized"" this game to the point where my friends and I cannot really get the game to function unless we are all on the same local network due to the fact they are now using peer networking to run the game which dramitically increases latency and decreases game performace. To me that is pretty pathetic. If you are interested in getting into CoH then I would highly recommend looking into CoH 1 with all the expansions.Hint: just look at the metascores they gave CoH 1 and 2. I think it is pretty clear Relic dropped the ball on this game. It needs a serious overhaul."
76561198131079871,Recommended,231430,22565237,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Desperate LeLe,Company of Britain
,Not Recommended,231430,19483296,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,VaraBR,"oh..game is over.COH2 is total trash now !same way the 2 previous patches, RELIC destroyed old commanders in order to sell new ones.1st was russian and usa NERFs on a goship that ""we were not playing way relic want us to"".telling that then throw us the 1st big nerf.ALLIES: russian guard motor and usa rifle nerfed on their abilities on put tanks direct on battlefield but they sold new commander that can do it.and a HUGE rise on usa costs.then RELIC did offers us a new faction ENGLAND that HAD a good gameplay THAT TIME THAT THEY WANT SELL IT.after selling lot of copies, on november patch england was totally NERFED explicity and hidden nerfs on EVERYTHING usefull england had.now they want sell us a new usa general so... they nerf the most played usa general, named rifle general,  to try force us to buy it.i will  NOT BUY ANYTHING ELSE.*** I BOUGHT ONE PRODUCT AND RECEIVED ANOTHER ****when i did test usa before buying western front it was a good faction and now it is not......cz NERFS changed itwhen i did test england before buying it was a good factin and it is no more....cz MORE NERFsso I WAS LURED BY RELIC.i will quit playing this game but, as i spent lots of money on it:--> I WANT MY MONEY BACK !!!! <--so relic, refund me and take of this trash coh2 from my steam account plz*** NERFs are EVER DISRESPECTFUL on a NON-FREE GAME ***"
76561198044256279,Not Recommended,231430,8749499,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Hello0_0,This is the worst game ever invented. It's worse than Hitler.
76561198032500191,Not Recommended,231430,8748401,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,FFPunisher,CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH........................So thats all that has happend havent even been able to play so if i can get past this it would be great if i could play and not download it 14 times at 11.4gb takes a few hours.
76561198093535875,Not Recommended,231430,8741144,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,MicrowavePasta,"of course this goes on sale 2 weeks after i buy it for full price... it's a decent game, wouldn't recommend it though."
76561197970385452,Not Recommended,231430,8461572,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,YodaTFK,"It's a pretty disappointing game, with pay to win multiplayer. Don't bother."
76561198023706999,Not Recommended,231430,8761005,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,DeltaDeWorker ☭,Really bad issues on low end/medium pc's. I myself couldn't play more then a hour & a crash...
76561198024848101,Recommended,231430,23190191,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Foxtrot,"I'm not going to say that this game is better than the good old COH. But still, I see it as its rightful and worthy heir.Beautiful game. Really enjoying it."
,Not Recommended,231430,17209534,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Frankda4,"I'm a huge fan of COH1, for is extreamly dynamic game play.  I enjoyed it for the nearly endless possible viable stratagies, such as the crazy engeer landmine and sniper statagie, or crazy flamethrower rushes, or the aggresive british trench rush.COH2 is not a game I find enjoyble because it is very linear early game.  There are very few viable stratagies with out as much dynamic game play.  COH1, has 4 factions, COH2 has 2.  It's just not my kind of game.  However If you like simple and linear prediictable game play then COH2 will be very enjoyable."
76561198072135806,Recommended,231430,14329905,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,†erra-novA,"I dont realy get it!!where all of this bad review is comming from?!  :/is it realy because of the fact that u cant Play the game and u r a NOOB?!?This is game is the best game in the history of Video games , i've played COH1 in 2006 and i havent stoped playing COH since then, i mean it has everything ....  Graphic , gameplay , FUN , challengi've spent over 2000 hrs of my life on this game and i do NOT regret a bit!!!"
,Not Recommended,231430,14590648,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,CMDR Sweeper,"Company of Heroes two, abreviated as CoH2 from here on out is a game that is famous for WW2 gameplay.However,  being famous and well known, doesn't dictate quality, as past fancy graphics the same problems that plagued the first game, have sadly been  brought over to the 2nd.That is the stupid Ai movement system, this have ALWAYS been an issue, and in a game that features so many details and barriers that your vehicles and personell can get stuck on, it quickly turns into a nightmare.The other problem is the illogical ""balanced"" weapons handling, tanks keep firing and often illogically have their rounds bounce off the opponent, but that tiny light tank that puffs off a round at your front scores damage on your heavy tank.All of this adds up to a lot of problems, this problematic system wouldn't have been so bad, unless the movement Ai was... Utterly crap, you need to have your tank reverse out of the field?Well they provided a nice ""Reverse"" function button to tell the tank to back out of there, but you have a 50/50 chance of him ignoring it and turning his weak rear to the enemy and getting owned as a result.And that is the flaw of this game, a flaw that the developers behind Men Of War series realized isn't fixable, no matter how much time you spend on Ai deployment you can NEVER EVER beat a superior human at navigating a tank through obstacles, so how did they solve it?In Men Of War, they allow the player to take control of the vehicle in question, something that in my circle of friends is called the ""END the stupidity key"" since you hit the END key on your keyboard and you are in direct command and control.A function that you desperatly wish for in this game, but alas isn't there, it is time to realize you cannot fix a core problem and implement this Sega!The other problem this game suffers from is... Microtransactions, camoflauged as DLC.Think you get the full game by buying this and all the DLC on the Steam store page? Guess again, you are still missing missions, maps and commanders that you have to BUY in game with REAL MONEY!Unlike traditional microtransaction games, these are things you pay for once, and then own for ""life"" but it is still the exact same microtransactions at the core.In short, if you want a fun time playing WW2 RTS games, buy the Men Of War series, yes their Ai has the same navigational problems, but at least you have the option to intervene and avoid a disaster, unlike CoH 2 where you will have to watch that precious tank or squad get smashed doing stupid things.If you are set on a CoH experience, you are better off buying CoH 1, it is very similar with Skirmish matches for Coop,  but that game is complete without any nasty microtransaction junk.If you heard about the coop stuff in this game and thought you got a nice Coop campaign? Forget about it, all there is, is some Skirmish missions where you start off with a different loadout, and some scripted Ai, like the Ai getting an illogical reinforcement that is then thrown at your position, there is no such thing as in Men Of War where you do it mission style to aqquire assets, and where that artillery gun may need to come down before you can move on your objective for an example.In short, CoH 2 was a disappointment at launch, and hasn't gotten improved with the years since then."
76561198009201598,Not Recommended,231430,28769368,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Milton Waddams,Stripping the commander lines and selling em off... check. A freemium currency grind thats worse than heroes and generals... check. Locking units behind the commander lines to be sold... check. Should be called Company of Cashgrabs 2.
76561197993834239,Not Recommended,231430,30971250,Posted: 5 April,all,Red_Fang_,It does not live up to COH 1.
76561198084195656,Not Recommended,231430,20380748,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Lord Duck,i hate this game and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you relic
,Recommended,231430,23425201,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,▲/Exceptional Recon,Is pretty gud.12/10Buy it.Now.
76561197993619387,Not Recommended,231430,14479245,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,=(★)=Gunney,"I'm not recommending this game for most players, but for RTS gamers who love the WW2 genre sure go ahead.  COH1 is still a far better game with regards to gameplay, balance, and personally I would also say graphics.  Yes COH2 has more map detail but big deal, it only slows down the already sluggish gameplay.  COH2 is stacked very heavily towards the germans, and you see this by the number of players who play axis VS allies in MP.  I typically play the soviets for something different, but it's frustrating while battling OP stacked german teams.  Also for those that complain about DLC, you don't need upgrades to win, but for a game that's already poorly balanced its one more thing that can tip the scales in favor of the other team."
76561198008745698,Not Recommended,231430,17428468,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,vonklaus,"Company of Heroes 1 is just a much better game. The units selection and style of play for the factions in COH 2 feels arcadish and is horrible. The graphics are only marginally better but require signifigantly better hardware. The game does not feel polished and units seem to glide not move naturally. I think it be better to call this game something diffrent than COH 2. The unit selection for the American faction is so incredibly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you feel like your playing in some alternate reality.The only good thing about this game is the winter maps.If you want to play best RTS of alltime buy Company of Heroes. If you want to depress yourself and frustrate yourself throw your money away on COH2.CAN I GET A REFUND?Also when SEGA is making Company of Heroes 3 in a few years can you hire a few historians and people who made COH1? Also fire any and everyone involved in COH2.Dont let my hours fool you I have played Alpha, Beta, and regular on non steam versions for many hours."
76561197993775095,Not Recommended,231430,15813693,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,GhostHacker,"Do not buy this game! This game is inferior to COH (the first one). The core game is empty and has lots of DLC to make it a ""complete"" experience, where the first COH was much more finished. The campaign is boring and dull. The game is not very well optimised, where i could play COH (the original) on ultra, I cant even play this on medium settings?I have played this game for 50 hours, those are 50 hours too much. I want my money back and my time back.Do not make the same misstake as i have and buy this game. Stick with the first COH, superior in so many ways!"
76561198000623351,Not Recommended,231430,25786235,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Lethalwave,"To be honest, Company of Heroes 2 is a good game.However, they recently decided that loot should not be dropped randomly and made an overhaul to the loot system.I loved playing differently each few matches because I got awarded a different general which required a different playstyle than the one I was previously using.Now I have to play 3 matches to earn supply worth a wooping 1/30th of the cost of a general.I had no problem with the store when it was just a small shortcut to more customization, but now it feels like they force us to make micro transactions in order to keep the game replayable.The only thing keeping this game alive for me are the modders, who provide more content than Relic itself.So yes I think the game is good. But I don't reccomend it because the developers chose to change an originally great singleplayer experience into a grindfest if you want to want to unlock new generals which allow for new tactics."
,Not Recommended,231430,21239423,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,IronMedic,"I have been playing this since it came out, and with each and every update the game got worse, not better. Effectively ruining this game."
,Not Recommended,231430,32832899,Posted: 26 June,all,Purp Maxos von Pleijades,"They patched the game to death.Allies are hard to play Units which are mostly focues on doing one thing killing inf. or Tanks.The Axes are made that easy, that every unit can counter everything so brainless Nazi fanatics can play the with not using their not existent brain.Played it for hundreds of hours.If your looking for a game which is made for kiddies spaming Volksgrenadiere and Panther go for it.Even better everytime they balance the game, 12 year old wehrmacht players come and cries for patches.This game is so far from the reality british grenades feel like Whoopee Cushion,  more funny is that you have to even unlock them while Panzergrenadiers throws fckn Nuclear Bombs without any upgrade also weapons can be unlocked without upgrade."
76561198006416916,Not Recommended,231430,32897161,Posted: 27 June,all,Gex,Pay pay pay ...wont pay anymore... coh1 is better and have still active modding community !
,Recommended,231430,23570967,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Niculai,"Balance, bloody balance. Brits overpowered and all players nowadays play blob for no apparent reason.Fun game tho'. Buy it."
76561198066044956,Recommended,231430,8866660,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Hesher,"Very good RTS. Hours of fun!Company of Heroes 2 is monster when it comes to micromanagement. It defines the RTS genre in which it requires actual strategy.The game plays much like a normal RTS game. The unit choices are interesting and mostly historical. Most of what you would expect in a WW2 title are here. Realistically speaking, the game is carried a lot by its graphics and physics. Calling in an airstrike and artillery for instance blows stuff up so spectacularily that it is hard not to feel a great sense of accomplishment. You can even call in paradrops and other support functions."
,Not Recommended,231430,8305533,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,412thcadian,"I spent almost 5 hours to get a Meaningless achievement, after that I finally realized CoH2 is maybe the worst product ever of Relic Entertainment (P.S. I WANT DOW3!!!!"
,Not Recommended,231430,9928249,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,ChaddlesG,Don't
,Not Recommended,231430,30025382,Posted: 18 February,all,Black Ghost,Good DLC simulator to be honest.
76561198014196635,Not Recommended,231430,16357394,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Shytown,"Definitely for me the Original Company of Hero's is much more fun, But I prefer to play against the AI, the second version took out the icreased survival ability to where as they made emplacements weak and easy to destroy, not only that but they take forever to build. If you want something a little more realistic than the original version then COH2 is for you."
76561198112230062,Not Recommended,231430,14541035,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,aseebeck05,"this is a terrible game for new players, this is nothing like the origonal. If you want to play this game you have to buy every single DLC just to make it work, what a ripoff"
,Not Recommended,231430,15423145,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Viceroy,The multiplayer matchmaking in this game is the biggest piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I have ever had the displeasure of using. I am a level 24 and EVERY match I am put against levels 80+. Usually they are presitged also. The game itself is fun but if you are looking to play multiplayer... you're going to have a bad time.
76561198048587276,Recommended,231430,12611849,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,รкг๏๏ℓ๏๏รε,"Took me a bit to get into this game coming from being such a huge Company of Heroes one fan, but once I got the hang of it and they got some of the balance and bugs worked out, this game has proven to be a very enjoyable experience. The graphics are very detailed, the sound is excellent, the combat intense and the strategies required to win are never set in stone. It is a difficult game to fully grasp if you've no experience with an RTS like it, but features like destructible environments, cover, dynamic line of sight, and even things like armor facing make this an incredibly unique RTS with no equal.Don't expect this game to go easy on you - every little second and ability counts just as much as the units you pit against your enemy and your strategy on how to combat them. You must be able to multitask and micromanage very well all while understanding the dynamics between each unit. This is a game that is all about how you are able to deal with the cards you are dealt, not the kind of deck you build before the fight. In other words, its not so much about build order and timing as it is about positioning, reconnaissance, micromanagement, reactions, and being able to think on your feet. If that sounds like an interesting challenge to you, then I HIGHLY reccomend this game."
76561197971750848,Recommended,231430,21574547,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,$X-president$Mr.Wallace,Its a fun game but I dont play or buy nearly as much any more because I absolutely hate the single player pop cap
,Recommended,231430,22125462,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Cobiee,"Fantastic game and has gotten even better with the addition of new factions and that it is still being supported years down the line! Only downside is purchaseable commanders for real life cash but that's pretty normal by now but by no means acceptable, does it better than other games though, if you are new to this game I suggest reading everything you see on screen and doing the tutorials/ reading online guides and find a favourite factions of yours and stick at it!"
,Recommended,231430,21479556,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Eddielogy,"Raise Army, Capture, Conquer, Repeat.Down side of the game, your computer must be far better specs than the minimum required. Occasional lag will happens if there are too much units on the battleground having a small skirmish."
,Recommended,231430,21466100,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,sh3r0n,"es un juego excelente, lo juego desde su primera edicion y siempre quise tener este juego lo recomiendo un mil porciento"
76561198136858378,Recommended,231430,21653125,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,BombsAway,It's just a good game.... no more words to describe it.
76561198011632241,Recommended,231430,2721737,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Brotkasten,Eine tolle Fortsetzung für Teil 1...nicht ganz so gut aber mit vielen tollen Neuerungen !
76561197988680667,Recommended,231430,21792090,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Powell9191,"Regarding to Online Multiplaying. People complain many things such as game inbalance and what not. German West Commando was balance was rectify and certain units of other nation was buff, still I beat them. GERMAN SUPREMACY!! I played many games and the best players able to win regardless of the changes.Is a good game, quick and attractive to game.Is like miniature, every match has its story."
,Recommended,231430,22019289,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,[GGC] Rieggs,"From a historical perspective, this game leaves much to be desired. It's rather embarrassing, actually, that this game is based on actual events when it represents them this poorly.That said, gameplay-wise, it is smooth and pleasant.This game is recommended by me ONLY IF you download and play the Spearhead—Combat Overhaul modification (which is free).The vanilla game is not worth playing, and will likely result in bewilderment and frustration if sampled. I warned ya!"
76561198119406547,Recommended,231430,17253622,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,tacootje,Leuke game als je van strategie houd :D
76561198108777549,Recommended,231430,21790983,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,LOADING A$$ KICKING 100% [IIIII],AWESOME strategy game. Lol as much as losing full squads to mortars and other ascpects are cheap... it is realistic! lol i get angry at this game alot but its just such a good game i keep coming back. BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT
76561198012478402,Recommended,231430,20125109,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,I Am Definately Not A Spy,"if your reading this review instead of buying and/or playing it right now you are wrong. and make sure you buy the western front armies and the brits obviously or else you are just ugly. no seriously this game is the only rts i can even play anymore because its just the best one. i cant even play coh 1 anymore, and that was like the greatest game ever. i only play the multiplayer so i dnt have the single player expansions, but the multiplayer is where its at though. and the game isnt a super greedy money pit eating dickmouth that everyone says it is for some reason. if u wanna buy extra♥♥♥♥♥♥u can, it doesnt shove it up your♥♥♥♥♥though like people say it does. and idk why if they add a couple of skins and whatnot it makes some people get all high and mighty and stop playing because they say it ""ruins the game"". if the gameplay is good than who cares if some guy wants to spend extra money on aesthetic stuff or single player dlc? yea you can also buy commanders which you can unlock in-game anyway, but the commanders you can buy dont give you any amazing abilities that make the game unbalanced or give the enemy an unfair advantage at all, it just gives you different options or units, none of which are gamebreaking or OP by any means. most people still use the originsl commanders half the time anyways. so yea, buy this now, end of discussion."
76561197984408936,Not Recommended,231430,1014148,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Aborted Hero,"I don't recommend purchasing this game as it's a carbon copy of the original but with only half of the original features, this game also relies heavily on DLC."
,Not Recommended,231430,17017924,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,NoTime4name,"Don't get me wrong, it's a good game. I loved the original, and this one is even better.But then there's SEGA. And the costs.Facepalm."
,Not Recommended,231430,16709583,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,[ST-E] Stripe,"Despite loving the original Company of Heroes games, I feel like this game is made purely to make money.Without buying the numerous DLC you are severely limited to what you can play - campaigns are even off limits until you buy them separately. This makes the game unplayable - it leads you on to think that you are able to play a certain mission, and at the last possible point will inform you that you need to buy it.Quite frankly, unless you're willing to spend atrocious amounts of money on this game, it isn't worth it."
76561198018549044,Not Recommended,231430,9961992,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,murderdolls960,I'm glad i only paid $17 for this.
,Recommended,231430,15971981,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,SAYKO_SKULL,if they enable to sell/buy inventory items through steam market this game will have everything it needs. period.
76561198055741453,Recommended,231430,18487111,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Soleless Shoemaker,"Great game, Love the tactics... However i hate the playerbase. Im not calling myself a tactical genius here but i atleast can recognise a waste of time or effort in some people's playstyles in my games. This however is only with allied players AKA the russian players, brittish people and americans tend to be people who are more experienced and move on from soviets. The newer players dont even ask for help at all and make game losing decisions such as; charging head on into a heavily fortified position with no support from armor or smoke barrages from mortars and end up losing a massive blob of infantry. additionally they forget to retreat said infantry all the time and end up losing whole squads for no reason what so ever. Also they are very delayed on their counter building for example. The enemy has held onto fuel and is building heavier tanks, they build light tanks to feed to the big tanks rather than get cheap AT emplacements and save up for tank destroyers such as SU-85's. This is a waste of resources but they didnt ask if the unit would be efficient in buying so ended up falling behind."
76561198044278083,Recommended,231430,18827331,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,El Huaxo,This is one of THE best WWII RTS games out there.
76561198037075243,Recommended,231430,18879733,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Rkenningar,"Very good game,  if you liked the old ones, you shall love this one."
,Recommended,231430,19230074,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,☭Dark_Star,"From the voice acting to the graphics , it all adds up to be an awsome game to be owned. What I disliked was that you would have to buy the additional factions, always the money, but nevertheless an enjoyable and fun game to play with friends and the steam community."
76561198035866277,Recommended,231430,20123625,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,finriswolf,It may not break the kind of new ground like COH did but it is tremendous fun. I've been playing it for the last few months at a friends house (both MP and solo) and I couldn't pass up COH 2 for myself during the winter sale. Simply a terrific RTS.
,Recommended,231430,20496177,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Laith,Love it
,Recommended,231430,18414852,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Bucksmith,"Great game, I would recommend it to anyone interested in the RTS genre or WWII. Has some rather expensive and nearly pointless DLCs, but I can say at least the faction DLCs are worth buying if you enjoy the game. Overall this game is worth the cost, kinda easy to learn and has a potential to keep you entertained for a long time.8.5/10"
,Recommended,231430,20112787,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,BadBaneCat,It`s a addictive game and i have fun while playing it.
76561198026154210,Recommended,231430,20391555,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,RisingHoplite,Possibly the best RTS i've ever played.
76561198038553915,Recommended,231430,20830474,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Major Schorsch,"Prostagma?Its not better than Coh1. Its not worse than CoH1.It has its own Flair & its own Style of Warkind.The best for you should be: watch some Gameplays & judge for yourself, if its really your kind of Game.All the ""DLC's"" & Microtransactions are mostly not a must-buy, because it is possible to get many Commanders just by playing the Game. For me, as an Example, I got more than 20 Commanders in 200~ hours, many other Items & Skins.CoH2 will be my next Turn after Years of CoH1 just because there is a Workshop for new Maps. You know, Years full of 20 Maps are just annoying...Ah yes, the Balance. You are looking for a balanced RTS? Google Starcraft 1 or 2, both of them are the only real balanced RTS after Years of E-Sport-Merch and a bunch of Workers. Even Age 2 isnt balanced. Gamebalancing needs two Things: Money and Workers. CoH 2 isnt that balanced & in my opinion it will never be. But thats ok, not for ranked games, but for smooth rounds with your friends.Playing Games with and against Friends is much more relaxed most of the Time, just try it out!Wish you a nice Day & good luck on the Battlefield!"
,Recommended,231430,17934263,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Hawkeye323,"Loved the original. Love the sequel. Would be so much better if relic didn't offer half the game in DLCs and the ""random supply drops (where you can get duplicates 75% of the time that are useless). Otherwise, would definitely reccomend. Very fun, challenging, and the workshop adds at least another 20 hours of fun. 9.5/10Edit: They fixed the supply drops. Buy this game."
,Recommended,231430,19760467,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Die The Courage!,AMAZING GAME
,Recommended,231430,19855017,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,mr.badluck,"CoH 1 was better.But still good, only drawback is often balance changes."
76561198088374488,Recommended,231430,19875765,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,sweetacid420,"Better than the first one, I don't play campaign because I find Relic campaigns to be painfully boring but the multiplayer is solid. I recommend getting the the pop cap mod and the 125 units added mod to enhance the experience even further. The skirmish AI is pretty decent as well, hard is actually hard lol and I find frequently find myself on the defensive for a fair portion of the game when I play against AI. But the game is balanced."
76561198045466039,Recommended,231430,19997754,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,BG_BOMBSQUAD,Love to play this game awesome gameplay and graphics recommend everyone o buy this game
76561198079111500,Recommended,231430,22053737,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,SynergyPB,"***** - Five Stars!Started on a PC playing this then moved to a Mac and I love this game, been playing it since it came out. I  have ADHD learning disability and can not multitask like others can, so im not very good at stratagy games. I can play First Person games rather well, but this I suck at. I can't even beat a hard AI. Still love this game. Fan of the WW2 era games. The graphics look great. There is so much to do with lots of DLC and its worth every $. Big 4v4 matchs can take hours and it feels like minutes because the games are just consitant fighting. My favorite part is when armour hits the battle ground for the first time, the whole game changes to a new pace. Fan of Age of the Empire games, this is just with bullets and tanks. The games rescourses to build an army are easy to get. You just have to keep a good strong font line and watch your flanks."
76561198104156931,Recommended,231430,31509698,Posted: 2 May,all,Valar (lavon),This game really need spearhead or realisim mode..HP system should be removed so there could be a reality in game...And its time for coh 3 with new units like planes and ships.....
76561198108853032,Recommended,231430,19825197,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,W.Model,Pros:Good multyplayerHighly replayableCons:For the original game and the 3 DLCs the price is high
76561198002747771,Not Recommended,231430,16693174,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,FUNKSTA,Loved Playing COH 1 so thought it was a no brainer buying COH2.Unfortunately there seems to be many issues with this game. I enjoy playing the campaigns. The main problem I have is at the end of each level on the Russian tasks just as you complete the missions it crashes and goes to the 'send bug report'. if you then wait and reload the game you can start playing the next level until the very end of the missions for Russia when you don't see the final result.As for the new Ardenne American COH2 that is a complete waist of time. You start the firt mission get to the end of it with objectives complete only for it to Crash and again going back to the 'send bug report' the only problem is nothing is saved which means you can't progress any further in the game.Look at the Forums before thinking of buying this game. there are many technical posts and issues not just the carshing ones.A real shame as it could be a great game IF IT WORKED!!!
,Recommended,231430,7453523,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,DeadKennys,need I say anything?
,Not Recommended,231430,8495883,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Lycoses,I would probably recommend if i owned it.
,Not Recommended,231430,9097441,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,A very mean sprongle,"An amazing experience, doesn't take itself seriously. ♥♥♥♥ing terrible DDOS the website."
,Not Recommended,231430,14988790,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,killedbypropaganda,"I played the first part already thousands of hours as I played both Dawn of War games. As with the other relic games, I only bought it because of the multiplayer, never tried the singleplayer, and was always a great fan of relic games. They always were my bread and butter. Problem with this game is the balancing and I'm not talking of the balance between factions - they are currently almost equally strong - but the balance between different kinds of units. In the current version infantry and medium tanks are way overpowered, so everybody is just spamming infantry and medium tanks. Most units became useless and are rarely used and everybody plays the same strategies. You will see blobs in every game. Its only about blobs, takes all the fun out for me. People mass riflemen, volks etc until they have a massive blob, then late game they spam shermans, t34/85 etc. 90% of americans play the same commander to spam E8. With commanders it's the same as with units, everybody plays the same few commanders all the time, most are never used, because they are unbalanced. I can't blame the players, the game forces you to spam and rewards spamming. If you don't adapt and abuse the same♥♥♥♥♥♥you will have a hard time, makes the game very repetetive. I enjoyed their previous games especially because you had to mix many different unit types to be succesful and it enabled many different strategies, but in CoH 2 there are only very few possible army compositions if you want to play effective. I had a lot of patience (as you can see I played over 1000h), because I understand that balancing is a difficult issue, but balance will never get fixed, it rather gets worse. They keep adding more factions and commanders and apparently that makes it too difficult to balance the game. On top of that the new warspoil system is totally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and SEGA is milking customers with DLC in a very obscene manner. The community is also very immature and consists mainly of people who blame their allies, bugs and luck if they loose - crying, raging and dropping - but offend you in ridiculous ways if they manage to win. All that totally destroys this game, which could have been a great experience."
,Not Recommended,231430,10827711,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Booral King,현재 독일이 심각하게 op 소련 미군 너프당하고 보너스로 미군은 중전차도 없음 su-85 는 t34/85 보다 관통력 마저도 약함
,Not Recommended,231430,16476888,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Remarkably Cavalier,"A terrible game, filled with DLC and unbalanced multiplayer. COH 2 is the culmination of relic and it's efforts when it comes to games. A lackluster single player that tells a cheesy story set in WW2, a multiplayer that has pitted Allied forced vs. Axis Forces - with a particular focus on making the factions different, but making the Allied forces harder to play because of it.Relic themselves have noted that distinct advantage, in them addressing two forces that are equal (they described it as 3 sherman 76's vs a tiger). They explained that in this small vacuum, the tiger and shermans are of equal value and potency, but agreed that the Allied player has more in his to deal with as compared to the Axis player.Whatever your views on balance are, the situation is crystal clear; balance is an issue and has been since COH 1. This is a compnay that just can't seem to get it right, has it gotten it wrong with COH 1, DOW 2, and now this game is another item to be added to the list.Like ROME 2, and Atilla, avoid this. In fact, avoid anything from this company."
,Not Recommended,231430,16637266,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ThinqTanq,The only reason I don't recommend this game is because it does not work. and I am not the only one experiencing this. Company of Heroes 2 base works. However I definitely do not advise the purchase of Ardennes Assault. The campaign will not load. AT ALL. I have also recieved no help from technical support or the community on this issue. Again I am not the only experiencing this. If  The makers of this game hear my pleas I will definitely change my mind. However as of this moment I am very dissapointed. I either want it fixed or my money back.
76561198006676249,Not Recommended,231430,16401084,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,qbnveteran,"Ardennes Assault Review:As a long time fan of this series, it pains me to point out that this franchise has devolved into a series of cash grab, DLC schemes. Ardennes Assault could have been built as a dedicated expansion, similar to Opposing Fronts (the best CoH game by far). Instead, Ardennes Assault is chopped into various peices of DLC (Multi-player armies, campaign Fox Company, etc.) which are sold seperately and which are not individually worth the price. This game is not at all worth full price. Furthermore, the franchise has simply given up on their fan base. Save your money and play Opposing Fronts or Tales of Valor."
,Not Recommended,231430,16637293,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Centurion,im sorry but to be honest this game is like a pizza with missing toppingsthe main game is the douge and the rest of the DLC toppings. how do we enjoy thislike srsly its like you need to buy 40% to fully enjoy the game i know some of it are just cosmetics so yeha..war spoils daym gaming industries today
76561198052172739,Not Recommended,231430,13065267,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Izq,DLC of Heroes 2
,Recommended,231430,3901335,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,[NL]PROGAMER525,Again!!! NON-STOP!!!
,Not Recommended,231430,13602175,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,TitanPhallus,"Can't recommend anymore, the company is greedy, too much DLC, not enough work to smooth out stupid kinks, like units being suppressed long after any MG of any kind has laid any fire, the pathfinding for tanks, yeah i need to fall back, so lets spin in a circle, for no apparent reason except to give the enemy time to take me out.  Abilities and tanks being nerfed so bad they are worthless.  Too many things to list, I could go on forever, I won't.TL;DRBuy CoH1 and mod it for more classes."
76561198007893159,Recommended,231430,13568769,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,kalashnikov911,The best strategy I ever played!
,Recommended,231430,19686580,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,noddy,light vehicle destroyed
,Recommended,231430,10938179,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,BrosephStylin,Russia sucks as usual
,Recommended,231430,1649644,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,SalsichaDoLidl,Top ♥♥♥♥♥es!
76561198038194766,Not Recommended,231430,18840151,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Mister_AltF4,"It should not be called COH at all. This game is a big disappointment for me who loved COH campaigns and multiplayer. This game is all about money, and taking more and more money for DLC-s, and extra contents. Pay to win, pay to enjoy. The base game is garbage."
,Recommended,231430,8774761,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Blobex,nice game
76561198114976058,Recommended,231430,21355371,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,TacticalBeard,for a  3 year old game its still good and fun. as for the price i would wait to get it when its on sale mostly due to all of the DLC. and as for all the special comanders you dont have to buy them just get lucky and win one in a loot drop( usually every hour and a half of multiplayer time). but really tho there is a lt of DLC wait for it to all go on sale and you can get all the armys for like 8$ plus whatever the game is when its one sale. its a good game just not for full price
76561197991282850,Recommended,231430,21027069,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Poopenshnapples,"The A.I is now actually fairly Easy.. on the Easy difficulty!The Mod support/downloading is IN the game menu!100 population cap with units that do not die instantaneously (CoH 1)'True' Line of Sight makes it far more interesting.I believe Dawn of War 2 was a huge improvement over Dawn of War 1, andthis game is a massive improvement over Comapny of Heroes 1.More mirco-managing which means units can be very influencial.9/10"
,Recommended,231430,21665678,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,[TFE] redface,"I guess my overall playtime of this game speaks louder than thousand words, but i'll still try to describe this game and it's apsects a bit more:'Company of Heroes 2' is the Sequel of 'Company of Heroes' the best-rated RTS since the release of 'Command & Conquer' in 1995 (Based on The Metascore onmetacritic.com)as you should notice by now, it would be very hard to reach that, so i dont want to compare these two games.What is 'Company of Heroes 2':As already said, it is a RTS (Real Time Strategy) Game set in the second world war. Even though it has a pretty good Singleplayer campaign and some other Singleplayer- and Coop-Modes, It's focus is on the Multiplayer part. The whole game is more about fighting with your troops and not about base-building, as you dont need to gather ressources and every army only has about 4 base buildings. If you buy the Base-Game only, you get 2 Armys. The German 'Wehrmacht' and the Soviet 'Red Army'. There are currently three extra armys available, (US Forces, German 'Oberkommando West', and the British Army) which you could buy as a single ""Game"" but if you did this you would only get access to this army and no campaigns etc.Now to my Opinion on the Game:- You only have 2 playable factions (in Standard Game)- The Overall Content of the Base Game is not much, but in my opinion it's okay.- There is a ingame Shop for Items to buy with real money (you could get them by playing, but it takes a lot of time and you need some luck)+ 5 Factions if you're willing to buy the expansions+ Devs are constantly working on content updates and balancing (one major balance update every month)+ Every Army has several Commanders that give you 5 special abilities (you can pick only one per match) so you can have several totally different playstyles with the same faction+ Mod Support+ Professional ESL Tournaments+ Easy-to-learn, Hard-to-Master gameplay+ Absolutely great Graphics and Sound (Especially the talking of the British Soldiers XD)As  you could probably tell the positiv aspects outweigh the negative ones and personally i dont care about the negative aspects :P.I would recommend this game to everyone searching for a challenging competetive Online RTS, but even for those who just want to have some coop/singleplayer fun with friends against AI's"
76561198009470449,Recommended,231430,2574983,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,{SacredBand}Prymus,"Very good strategy, strong recommend."
,Recommended,231430,21771579,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Nakano Azusa,good
76561198006533011,Recommended,231430,15149743,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,DG,"great game, one of my all time favs. the multiplayer is very good. the single player holds up well and has enough to keep one intrested. If you can catch all the DLC on sale, it is a great buy."
76561198048743440,Recommended,231430,20531767,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,quad4racing,"LOL  These whiney negetive reviews are ridiculous!!!! Come on guys really""Its pay to win""""DLC everything""""Purchase game on a free to play platform""""Advertisements popping up in droves when I start the game""""Balance is terrible""""3vs3 and 4vs4 matches are impossible cause of balance""Holy ♥♥♥♥ are you people for real? Or did you just get spanked in a match and have to come cry on the reviews? wahhhI have over a 1000 hours in this gameThe ONLY thing I've bought besides the main game was the expansion pack which added the Brits and the Ober commandos which I rarely ever use. Yet regardless it was an expansion that added a ton of content and was released long after the initial game. YET you don't need it to play and you can still play against people that have the new armies. So it doesn't segment the player base or force you to buy it. Example of games that do force your hand and segment the player base would be like Battlefield 4 and the alikeI play mainly Russian, and the commaders I use are ones that are INCLUDED in the regular game. I see no real particular advantage to any of the add on commanders. For anything they offer they also lack something else, Its all about your playing style and how a commander can complement that.If their is a commander in the store thats just driving you wild then buy it! its 2.99 and you have it for life, but you DON""T NEED IT.  Like I said they offer no real advantage over any of the other commanders.Sure you can purchase add on camo and cute name plates which do nothing to increase your odds of winning. If you wanna spend money cause you think thats cool good for you. Yet no one is making you.This game comes out with constant updates, and tweaking of the balance.Relic has not just said ""Hey it sold, lets buy a yaught and head to the Carribean and laugh at these suckers"" No they constantly are working to improve the games balance and remove any glitchs that may arise. Think back, Company of Heros 1 was a great game and they literally tweaked it and released patchs for it up and past the release of COH2. What company does that? NobodyBombardment of adds? I don't even know what this guy is talking about. On the main menu page their is a news thing that shows whatever been released new for the game and talks about community news. Their is nothing to close its just on the side of the main menu. When you go into a game type, all that dissapears. Far from shoving adds down your throat.3vs3 and 4vs4 balance is bad? Is it? Wait a week and it'll change. They're constantly working on balance and sometimes it does seem to get lopsided but they always straigten it out. Also I play primarily 4vs4 games and it is awsome! I don't always win but I don't always lose either. Whenever you have a game which uses Asymetrical balance like this game their is gonna be alot of work involved in making it perfectly balanced across all player variations. Its not perfect but its always getting better.If you like real time strategy, games like Red Alert, warcraft 2, and Generals, don't listen to the nay sayers you're gonna miss out on a great game.Would I like it if COH had zero DLC? absolutely, unfortunately thats not how game companys make money anymore. The way that they've implemented DLC though I feel is fair enough since none of it, even the expansion pack, are neccesary to play against anyone else or to win against anyone else.Get a couple friends and get on multiplayer.  I'll see you on the battlefield."
76561198157684359,Recommended,231430,21567144,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Flyingfish60,i threw a AT grenade at the side of a half trackkilled my own menhalf track 100% health10/10-IGN would kill three star veterans again
76561198072582817,Not Recommended,231430,6693575,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,Nishidate Kitsune,"""For those who are WW2 buffs, this is a must have!!!!"" - was what I've written when this game first made its appearance.Unfortunately, Relic has made so many uncalled for and undesired changes to it that it has gotten most of the community very upset. This included many of my friends, some of whom no longer want to play the game.And since the marketing arm had no respect for those who had pre-ordered the Commander's Edition by opening up the ""Exclusive"" packaged items to the public by selling them as DLCs, Relic has subsequently also lost the respect of most of its old fans as well.This franchise currently also requires more focus on other theaters of WW2. The war was not just fought in Europe alone.I'd still play the game, but would not recommend it to anyone anymore."
,Recommended,231430,22448441,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,VEH DEH VEH,"This game is very good! If you like WW2 game, I recomended to buy this game!In this game, there's only available 5 factions, Soviet, Oberkommando West, USF, UKF, Wehrmatch (or Wehrmacht I don't know :P) but you only can play Soviet and Wehrmatch. Rest of them is DLC!"
76561198182411377,Recommended,231430,19372709,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,sniMAXper,amazing
,Recommended,231430,6388668,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Bluehomzee,Left the game 2 years ago came back and is still as good as i can remember it
76561198140811985,Recommended,231430,28458278,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,WhereDoIFindHyperArmor?,"""THE GERMANS ARE OP""Patch comes out""THE AMERICANS ARE OP""Patch comes out""THE BRITISH ARE OP""Patch comes out""THE GERMANS ARE OP AGAIN""Patch comes out""Russians still suck""10/10 would complain again"
,Recommended,231430,21504946,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Uma Jesuson,"At best, this is a nerds paradise for the tactical in mind. I have a few friends in my life who would definitely love this game in a competitive fashion, and for that reason I recommend it to anyone that loves RTS."
76561198199208069,Recommended,231430,27243489,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Bizzle,"Amazing game, really competitive and fun to play when you're bored 10/10"
76561197964956533,Recommended,231430,20719314,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,OrangeJulius,"COH2 is a bittersweet affair.The base game and gameplay is excellent; it is an improved version of COH's wonderful squad based tactics and vehicle combat, but it's split up into as many parts as SEGA could get Relic to create. COH simply had 2 expansions, Opposing Fronts and Tales of Valor which your could have bought with the base game for $100 MSRP, at release.COH2 has no less than 6, as well as dozens of DLC commanders and skins. The base game with minor expansions cost around $140, and the commanders would cost you nearly as much if you wanted them all. The skins I can forgive as they are cosmetic, but the commanders introduce new units and capabilities that ABSOLUTELY RUIN THE MULTIPLAYER.Take the Soviet Industry Tactics commander for instance, that gives you the capability to slam out T-70s and T-34s out so quick, the enemy barely has time to deploy AT guns. Or the Elite Troops Doctrine, that allows you to pay for veterancy in troops, as well as a Tiger Ace. Do you want the have the ability to use this against your opponents? You've got to pay extra, of course!This simply is unnacceptable, and I can't recommend anyone pay for such a shameful pay-2-win scheme.Now, with my gripe out of the way;COH2 has a great Soviet single player campaign, and the Ardennes Assault campaign is fun, although it has less personality being somewhat more freeform. I enjoyed all the missions from Case Blue, but haven't tried Victory at Stalingrad or Southern Fronts.I really, really, really wish they'd had a German compaign like in COH's Opposing Fronts. It was a favorite of mine, as well as the British Campaign. The fact that COH2 doesn't have anything more than a Soviet Campaign and American campaign in the style of Warhammer DOW Black Crusade is dissapointing. The Brits, Ostheer and Oberkommado West are completely left behind.As for the multiplayer, it's solid and fun. It allows for only 2 game modes, Victory Points and Annihilation, but games are typically fierce and fair. As long as you can ignore the unfair DLC commanders, you'll enjoy it.Overall, COH2 is a great game, but flawed by SEGA, an evil DLC loving publisher. It makes me sad that Relic fell under their corrupting and vile influence, but at least their games are still mostly intact. Without the disgusting DLC commanders, I'd give the game a 8.5-9.0 out of 10. However, with the current dispicable DLC situation, it's only a 7.5. Still a recommended game, and one of the best of the modern RTS games, but dissapointing for afformentioned reasons."
76561198008917981,Recommended,231430,22164034,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,CsmitH,"Overall I have been extremely impressed with Company of Heroes 2. Its a well rounded game with much thought put into it. It reminds me of the old Axis & Allies game from way back when. The grapics are great and with new maps coming out of the workshop daily there is endless fun. However I do not think much time was put into unit development or the addition of new units with DLC's. All factions could use additional units to add variety to gameplay. And I based on significant gameplay time, the map you play on in single player, placement of teams can greatly decide which team wins. But overall I strongly recomend the game and hope similar games come out by the developer."
,Recommended,231430,14860273,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Asakura_Allen,"See, COH, what can i say.with bs settings like: M4 Sherman some how pen TigerII's frontal armor or op ruskies' AT guns just make no sense ect.Still, fun game, might not worth the money but if u know COH1 you know COH2If u like it, u gonna like it, if u dont, u will never ever like it.Fun and low pace WWII RTS to play."
,Recommended,231430,9112001,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,radioactivesandvich,10/10 RUSSIANS ARE BALANCED!!! GERMANS HAVE PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥♥GUNS!! game is super junbalanced.
,Recommended,231430,19965779,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,JV01,trying to buy commanders as gifts to others through steam store is such a ♥♥♥♥ing hazzle
,Not Recommended,231430,23571961,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Gavrilo [SRB] (Not in Serbia :(,Stay as far away from this cancer tumor as possible. I wasted 1 1/2 years of my life playing this garbage.
,Recommended,231430,26242809,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,MitzeKatze,"a Brilliant RTS game. IMHO, a true and worthy iteration upon its predecessor."
,Recommended,231430,33498926,Posted: 13 July,all,A Chaplain,This game has aged well and is a fun RTS to play alone or with friends.
,Recommended,231430,24584173,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,vLoon,"Excellent RTS. Pretty much the only one that's good in the World War 2 genre. The standard game factions are pretty limited, I would recommend you to buy the other factions as well in a bundle.I must say though, if you really like this game and want every unit. You'll pay a lot for it in the in-game store."
,Recommended,231430,21973122,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Zac Starfire,"Awesome Historical WWII RTS !!!*** Exciting Strategic Action*** Simple Unit Controls*** Loud Pounding Cannons & Artillery*** Historical Campains & Theater of War ChallengesLots of Historical, Detailed Modeled Units & DLCs"
,Not Recommended,231430,686386,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Niscimble,"If you are getting this game expecting it to be like the first one... don't.  Honestly, this is just not a very good game.  I'd steer clear of it.  Of course that is just my opinion."
76561198263458717,Recommended,231430,33140426,Posted: 2 July,all,The Viper,Still one of the best RTS games out there!
76561198035068792,Recommended,231430,14648813,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,WattledOak25,Best game ever. Feels like WW2
76561198008702307,Recommended,231430,17354956,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,♨TEA.UP®♨LordStickyLeaf,Best real time strategy game on the market!
76561198119519114,Recommended,231430,20368907,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,katana,I just love this game eventhough I hardly have the time to play it. And I buy everything for this game - because I can and I want to!
76561198044319931,Recommended,231430,23472342,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Archadose,"Good graphics, great AI if they are on standard or above, shihc is good for starting stragetic gamers if they either want an easy game or a challenging one. If you also like just WW2 in general i would highly recommend this game"
,Recommended,231430,23517768,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Maximus,"Well, I really want to like this game. The production values are immense....1. The graphics are great.2. The voice overs and sounds are just fantastic.3. The interface is nice.4. Has many maps and 5 factions now with all the DLC.5. Various small and amazing touches here and there which wow you.But, it is NOT for everyone and I am certainly one of those. It is too fast paced for my liking. No time to think the strategies, just an exercise in how many actions you can take per minute. But I still want to play this. Hence, what I did is remap the pause to spacebar (using autohotkey) and I now play with pauses. Only possible since I only play AI single player. And the AI is really awesome. Doesn't give you an inch even on standard difficulty.Also note that publisher Sega is always eager to taken your money. So you will find tons of DLCs and lots of stuff to spend real money on. And it will be showcased front and center in the game. Actually, there are DLC for a DLC. So you can understand what I mean !!!Still recommending since the game is well made and fun for those who can take past faced decisions and actions."
76561198042531902,Recommended,231430,23623947,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,jaegerrt,"Just finished Arddens Assault campaign at hard level.  I've played through all of COH1 & most of COH2 and I would rate this campaign a solid ""Good"". Overall COH2 is unrealistic (given how many bullets it takes to knock out inf opponents, etc.) but it's intense, a pretty good challenge at the hard level, and the campaign was time well spent!"
,Recommended,231430,23470722,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,free remtrex,good
76561198018759315,Recommended,231430,23626761,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,fridleybob,"This game is NOT a cake walk RTS; hard to beat Standard AI without sound tactics, full engagement with game interface and a decent (patient) partner.  I really like to Western Front forces  I hope that moremaps are modded and provided for Brit forces, especially in North Africa.  I would suggest that newcomers take the time to take advantage of watching replays, campaign scenarios  and practicing often against on-line bots.  Even playing with a friends 2v2 against the computer AI will likely seem like a futile exercise unless you review and adjust.  Graphics and sound are pretty good, and  newly added spoils/ rewards encourage you to keep at it.   Yes it is fun, if you don't mind losing as you learn!"
76561197997418631,Recommended,231430,10810791,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Andras,"With the new Western Fronts update, I can say that this game is worth the sale price (at least). There is a ton of units, good voice acting, unique map design, winter mode, and abilities.Western Fronts (20 bucks) - Fair price. 8/10 overall.Easrtern Fronts (10 bucks - steam sales) - Excellent price. 8.5/10 overall."
76561198118376579,Recommended,231430,21783170,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Cobrasor,One of the best WW2 RTS games out there. A must have.
,Not Recommended,231430,26619516,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Chambill,"I've always liked RTS and WW2 themed games, so when I saw CoH2 came out, I bought it immediately.Turned out it kind of disappointed me.While CoH2 is a solid game, and many people may like it, I personally did not enjoy it as I expected.The good things of CoH2:the graphics are quite solid,the sound effect is good,the AIs are not dumb,the campaign is fun to playThese are the reasons why I said CoH2 is a solid game, down to its core, it would be still quite enjoyable to play, if you really get a hang of it. But this is my problem with CoH2.CoH2 is not really friendly to new players to the game. I grew up playing C&C series, so I would say that I do have a general understanding of how to play RTS games. But after seven hours of gameplay, I still wouldn't say I get a hang of how to really play CoH2. The tutorials don't really help. And now, with numerous new (PAID) content came out, the interface of the game become even more confusing.Despite this, the core game lacks content. You can only build few structures and few different kinds of units. If you want more, pay for the DLCs.I might give this game another chance after I cleared up all the dusted games in my library, but with the impression it has given me now, I cannot recommend it."
,Recommended,231430,19115494,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,ezatfahmy,One of the best strategy game
,Recommended,231430,18098008,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,The Mighty Goldfish,"An excellent game, If you wish to purchase it I reccomend getting it during a sale, and getting the bundle that includes the expansions.So Company of Heroes 2 adds many new features that the original CoH lacked, these include snow/temperature that will affect your infantry and how you use them, and being able to capture vehicles if the crew are killed. Ive found the gameplay to be excedingly fun and, although ive only played against bots, the enemies can be a challenge unless you know what tactics to use against them. I strongly reccomend this to any CoH fan or anybody looking for a WW2 RTS game."
76561197989569179,Recommended,231430,17865384,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Hellmoe,"Love the voice actors. Brits are a nice addition though I am strongly disappointed there was no Axis forces included. African corps or Japanese forces could've made me love this game more than DoW III.Also, player searches aren't 90% axis and 10% allies anymore."
76561197986588692,Not Recommended,231430,9119027,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,GamingOutkasts,"rather disappointing sequel to what was a reallly good game, wouldn't recommend unless on sale. game is much more dumbed down while still trying to cloak itself in a ""stratigical skin"", very much a paper-rock-scissors spam rts. Now with the added element of Pay to Win, or Pay to have an advantage I can't see this title have a long life or much enjoyment for people that don't want to dip into their wallets all the time* note - this review is based on a multiplayer aspect, I have spent little time on the single player campaign nor do i plan too"
76561198139156795,Recommended,231430,17910982,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Fat pug 101,+ Good looking graphics and detail+ Dynamic winter effects on your troopsit suck that you have to buy all dlc for game to be good
76561198077225277,Recommended,231430,21439822,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,TheGoldenEagle,Fun and enjoyable game.
76561198045781012,Recommended,231430,10817838,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Krombopulos,CRAZY SKETY
76561198058911966,Not Recommended,231430,8836048,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,The Lizard King,"Overall, this is a good game. However, the first one is still much better. Below are the reasons why:1. In-game microtransactions (HATE THESE)2. Unlocks for your army. This means that more experienced players have an even greater advantage. Absolutely no reason why these are necessary - make every fight fair, regardless of player ""level""3. Weather system is really the only change, and is more annoying than anything. Having your troops freeze to death because they chase an enemy 5 feet from the fire and can't find their way back sucks.4. Only 2 armies, compared to the 4 in the original game.5. Duplicates many of the maps from the original.Honestly, save yourself the money and just go play the first one again. Nothing (and I mean virtually nothing) has changed for this version. It feels more like an expansion than a sequel. Sad to say that I'm pretty disappointed in this one, as the CoH1 is one of my favorite games ever."
,Recommended,231430,15305376,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,ST_Weiss.Dimension,"A legendary WorldWarII strategy game,I'm loven't it.~~~"
76561198040101688,Recommended,231430,14165966,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,RENDEL,5/5
76561198016119231,Not Recommended,231430,9151945,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,titania,if you are a multiplayer who wants to wait for a match for 10 min (german side) or find a match but face unBalanse units and tactics the games idea is good but its realy unbalanst with thanks to the german faciliteit's to make panthers but the sovjet side wil have to do with a SU 85 and t34/76 these tanks even are losing against a panzer IV (1v1 combat) t34/85 is a commander but dot hold up against the panther (and  there cost of more then 200 fuel )
,Not Recommended,231430,9149944,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,MIA_General,"It crashes a lot in Windows 8.1!!! So I just stopped playing it.Plus it is the same as the first one, I still don't know why it took them so long to release the same game."
76561197998900181,Recommended,231430,19137514,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,M3chaniz3d,"Best.Game.Ever.Made.It's a grown up version of RTS Games, because everything matters. Weather, Cover, Ressources Management, Strategy and: Lots of Tactics.Theres a lot of Commanders to Start with, you can choose three of them to take them into Battle, then you choose from one of those three on the Field.Each Army has a lot of Units to use, so without even choosing a Doctrine (Commander) you have a lot of diversity to play against your oppononent. With your choosen Commander, you even get more specialised Units, to make your Army better for your Strategy. But none of this really matters, if you dont use your tactical advantages. In the end, its all about micromanaging your troops, to lure your opponent in traps, flanking him, whatever you can use, to win the game. Even if it means, to steal enemy Vehicles or Teamweapons, its all tactical decisions you got to make during the match you play.Theres a lot of complaints about the Commanders you can buy, but in the end, this Commanders are very specialised in one or another way, which means, they got a lot of disatvantages, just because theyre so specialised. So what i try to say is: Theyre useless, if you dont know how to use them right, or if your opponent knows about your disatvantages and counters you the right way.I played the first one surely for more than thousand hours, and im already played lots of hours in the second one, which in my opinion is better, because of hopping over obstacles with your troops, and the fact, that theres the truesight, which you can perfectly use to lure your enemy into traps, because the cant see whats behind the House or behind the Forest. Or even behind the Hill.But because of all this, its a very hard Game, its still unpredictable, and no single game is like the other, its always different.Only thing i would complain about this game is:The war spoils system is very strange. You get a lot of the same Commanders and stuff all the time, but you cant give it to someone, nor can you sell them. You just own them a couple of times.Sorry for my bad english :)"
76561198090591224,Recommended,231430,19335360,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,♨TEA.UP®♨ 2metre,"Not perfect by any stretch of the imagination, but still the best  WW2 stategy game around. Multiplayer gives this game it's longevity. The worst thing about this game is the way they fleece you for money with additional DLC, but then what game doesn't."
76561198027233521,Recommended,231430,18455028,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Arzunas,"In conclusion, Best RTS game @ this moment. :D"
76561198026706309,Not Recommended,231430,9096940,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Snoipur,"COH 1 was an amazing game. Until CoH 2 came along and they tried to make it look better in terms of graphics and gameplay but it wasnt enough. Graphics wise, its good. But the logic is terrable. For example: Lets say 1 enemy squad is firing at your squad, and they are like 10 feet away. They will miss almost every shot and it takes LONGER to kill that squad in long range than close combats. It was a very old issue but noooo, lets make battles longer to extend the time for each match. Instead of having smaller army cap, why not increase it and make battles more realistic. The campaign was nice, wish you can kill enemy squads in multiplayer like the campaign mode. Not much content. You only have like 3 modes, Single player, Multiplayer and Challenges. You have to buy new maps, which is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t because THQ never makes you pay for maps on their games and COH1 was all free, most likely its SEGA making money. If you never played RTS games or COH, dont buy this game. Not saying its♥♥♥♥♥♥ its actually alright but not worth the money now (59$, 49$, 39$).Also one more big point, the maps are garbage, its like a 10 year old kid made it for fun. No wonder this game doesnt have eSport. Base building is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I want this to stop, its like Dawn Of war 2 where u only put like 4 buildings and all you do is upgrade them.Edit: Even the new challanges you have to buy, but atleast they put Steam Workshop which makes the game much better. The new Western DLC is totally worth it, unique teams and I love playing them."
76561198017214464,Not Recommended,231430,9089342,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Capitalism 101,"Mediocre at best. Barely worth $2, let alone 20."
76561198072551156,Recommended,231430,17864449,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Standup.Guy,Wicked awesome game!
76561197996481081,Not Recommended,231430,8849825,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,neoamerican,COH1 >>>>> COH2Honestly I bought this because Putin said I shouldn't.
76561198009065548,Not Recommended,231430,8859745,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,kilorawg09,"Ok game but DLC commanders are extremely overpriced for the benefits they offer. Other DLC for extra scenarios seems a bit overpriced as well. As far as I'm concerned I will not be buying any DLC until it goes on sale, even then I'll think twice about it. As for the main game it never seems like you have enough manpower either stockpiled or flowing in. AI battles on harder settings feel as though they have an infinite amount of resources while you are struggling just to send throw away units to keep them at bay long enough to call in bigger units. This game definitely needs some balancing tweeks. With the overpriced DLC I would suggest only getting this game if you plan on playing by yourself most of the time. Otherwise, save your money and buy 3 or 4 other better games for how much you'd be pouring into this one."
,Not Recommended,231430,8850432,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,EvilCorp.,A large dissapointment
,Recommended,231430,19233293,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Unzen,"I don't quite know how they got there, but Relic & Sega managed to pull back CoH2 from the brink of a major RTS let-down - and get old CoH players (like me) - back inline.The core issue I think was with the vanilla CoH2 release. It featured the well documented Eastern Front struggle between the Germans and the Russians in WW2. As savage and tragic as that campaign was (from both sides) - it didn't necessarily make for a good RTS game.Frankly, the Russian side was boring. It used units that unless you had some specific interest in that arena of WW2, meant very little. Worse, the developers seemed to take the stance that there were endless streams of Russian infantry cannon fodder to take on the German might. While there may have been some historical truth to that - again, it didn't make for a good RTS game. Added to that was the awful, awful 'freeze-factor' where your troops had to maintain a proximity to a camp-fire, otherwise they would freeze to death. The final nail in the coffin were the system requirements. Despite having a PC that easily surpassed the recommended spec for the game, CoH2 ran very poorly indeed.CoH2 was initially a MASSIVE disappointment for me. Having put in around 500 hours into the original game, including completing the excellent campaign modes several times over - CoH2 just left me cold. The base building that was such a central, yet small part to CoH had now simply been left in as a game function. It was a legacy addition - as your new units crept in from the side of the screen, with little bearing on the building that they 'should' have spawned from. The buildings also looked (and still do) - very weedy. Like ramshackle constructions rather than a dedicated factory for producing units and machines of war. Gone were the little turreted Germans atop of buildings from the Fortify Perimeter of the Axis Defensive Doctrine - ones that provided the ultimate last-ditch defence and reminded me in a fond way of the Sensible Software classic - Mega Lo Mania.CoH2 was uninstalled - and for quite some time. I purchased the occasional DLC, retried it, but the old demons and natural anti-bias against the game that I had built up, quickly made me remove it from my hard drive, yet again.More add-ons came over time. The Ardennes Offensive was added, as were the new units of the US Forces and the Oberkommando West. Still, the game didn't drag me back - even when strangely I decided to purchase the British Forces DLC (why buy expansions for a game that you don't play? :P). I gave in several weeks ago - CoH2 had been out for a considerable amount of time and Windows 10 was now installed on my PC. A recent update patch came on the update list, so I decided to give CoH2 one last try....I chose the British Forces - as they were never a favourite of mine in the original game and I wasn't expecting much anyway. A quick-fire skirmish resulted in my win over an Easy German side. I retried it - this time alone against two AI and I won again. The familiar paper-scissor-rock mentality of using units started to come back. Not only that, but Relic had added some immensely useful shortcuts within the game and being on Steam, the Greenlight community was in full swing.My all-time favourite map from CoH of Achelous River was faithfully recreated and freely available for download. Knowing that map intimately, allowed me to take time and try out different units and combinations in the new CoH2 front-end. More of the game made sense - and more importantly, it began to flow.Since then, I've fired up the Ardennes campaign and I’m thoroughly enjoying it. It's different, subtly so against the benchmark set on the previous CoH campaigns (Opposing Forces itself is a example of RTS structure genius) - but it still ticks all the relevant boxes. The attack/defence balance is never too far away - stretching your probing units to dangerous limits, or conversely, setting up the perfect defensive kill-zone. Do you churn out units en masse, or reserve and protect small concentrations of highly skilled units?It's taken a while, but CoH2 is certainly back on track with the Company of Heroes franchise. Currently, all RTS games have to acknowledge what CoH represents and has achieved. Even if you have no interest in the WW2 setting, from a game mechanic and progress position - give it a try.All I will say to Relic or whoever may read this for CoH3 is......- Where is the Pacific campaign of the US and Commonwealth forces against the Japanese?- Please, no more Russian sides - UNLESS you bring CoH3 up to a fictional WW3 backdrop8/10"
76561198028375492,Recommended,231430,17810646,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Duke Devurers,"COH2 is really fun to play, i suggest that new people of this game should complete single player before multiplayer. knowledge is power."
,Recommended,231430,18545275,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Lorenzo,"One of the best RTS on Steam, grat customization, solid game system, variety of play every faction has his own strong point or weak point.Really a great game as a solo play or multiplayer, same engine of ""dawn of war"" series."
76561198161992535,Not Recommended,231430,32334471,Posted: 10 June,all,darkangel,its good but im dissapointed about having to buy each fatction seperatly... sorry for any  miss spell
,Recommended,231430,32176507,Posted: 4 June,all,HIKΛL,"typical RTS game.Have seen no bugsno biased factionworth to buy, cmon its really cheap.fun to play with A.I.really fun to play with friends"
76561198070497569,Not Recommended,231430,9159179,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,TheEffectTheCause,"Good game, just a shame about the incomplete feel and DLC which has been passed along the ethics of exclusiveness when really it ity under the lines of GIVE US YOUR MONEY, sick of seeing this type of vice applyed to games, this as well as plenty more games (Thinking xbox 360 pushed the boundries of such) come out created in such a way as to be a playable market place where you get the gravy but no frikken chicken, appauling the use of these vices and clearly greedy tacticts, if relic or sega was a singular person rather than a nonstop buisness entity id slap the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them, them and there ethics"
,Recommended,231430,17264093,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Pantherfame,"Okay here we have a good game, i think is one of which innovates in terms of RTS gameplay, the game gets patches usually every 2 -3 months, is being constantly updated so, despite it needs a some adjustment in balance is a very good game, but the only thing that is bad is the really, really bad optimization of the 3v3s and 4v4s. Anyways in a global way recommended"
,Recommended,231430,21563205,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Caveirà,"""put them a 88 mm rocket in the♥♥♥♥♥quot;10/10 would like to put another rocket"
,Recommended,231430,21557604,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Jiggly,Very well made game. If your into startegy games like me I would reccomend you trying this game out ;3
76561198139582336,Recommended,231430,21383923,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,FantasticU,Ally players say Axis is unbalanced. Axis players say Allies are unbalanced. So technically This game is balanced since ITS FREAKING MATH!
,Not Recommended,231430,9839007,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Karleya,"As much as the Russian front needs to be brought to the game series and the good graphics the game has, it is plagued by serious technical issues that are on the developers end and not user end. Even with systems that far exceed the requirements. Patches that come out that has not been tested, patches to fix patches and constant annoying and frustrating crashes to desktop during mid-game. On top of that a clustered UI. Disappointment."
76561198060346225,Recommended,231430,8612787,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,LC,"Within the genre of RTS WWII games, COH2 is viewed by some as merely a sequel to vCOH. Though it is similar by virture of genre and setting; It's not merely a sequel! It's a whole new interactive gameplay--from units to maps to missions. The basic game commanders as totally adequate for adding a lot of variety (which vCOH had only 3 choices) via the commanders. Buying the DLC just enhances the options though in few cases adds newer units or abilities. Personally, I like this--buy it if you want it approach.COH2 deliveres a lot a fun, tense gameplay. Truesight, weather tech, and new infantry pathing abilities, along with a dynamically changing battlefield, really creates some great gaming. (Oh, vehicle pathing is still somewhat spastic.)The asymetrical balance is somewhat daunting to learn (much like the Brits once nerfed), with the Wehrmacht being most similar to vCOH. Here the game made some subtle differences that makes the Wehrmacht somewhat easier to manage (without micro-managing). The Soviets, however, are fun but exasperating to play (to some degree like the Americans in vCOH). Soviet teching is not at all linear or even possible in many matches, given the massive bleeding inflicted by losses. Yet, once you've learned what combination of Soviet arms to cobble together, the Soviets really give the Wehrmacht a run for their money. Ultimately, a Soviet player has to be far more descriminating and anticipatory in what units to produce than the Wehrmact, since an early Panzer or Ostwind can ruin an otherwise good game.  Likewise, the stronger Wehrmacht tanks can't afford to get ahead of infantry support. Hence, Soviets arms typically dominate the Wehrmacht infantry, whereas the Wehrmacht tanks can outlast most Soviet armor. It's a truly asymetrical theater.COH2 is a great game. Sequel-like but not a sequel. It's got numerous improvements (and differences....even when vCOH had some better aspects) that make COH, well, a bit old.Cost of the buy-in is definitely higher; but the fun factor (for me) is worth it! Bigger than that, is the hardware requirements to run this graphic hog. But if you've got the gaming system that can run it, I'd recommend that you try it. It's not a FPS, but it's an awesome RTS."
,Recommended,231430,24594583,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,melki_s,"I Play This Game with Hardcore time, and don't see any wiki or game hacks for it. Anyway this game really making you addict to play over and over again. But one thing i still anxious to know why i can not play the British Army Campaign ( or there is none ?)."
76561198066755121,Not Recommended,231430,9089057,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Szyslak,sameful really why should i pay 50 dollars and then have to pay even more to get things for the full game
76561198137866159,Recommended,231430,21301048,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Visti,This game is a really fun and interristing game to play.plus it as better graphics then the first game (Company of heroes) so i didnt see any thing bad about that.But when you play online and you have a laptop (like me) then it really annoying. me and my freind is in love wiht this game so i give it a hell yeah.Fun story:Me: oh i can play as The Red Army i dont know anything about them.2 sec later.Me: OMG they are killing eachother this is not fun this is horrible
,Recommended,231430,21310133,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Scary Terry,"I fully understand why this game gets quite a few bad reviews. A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of DLC can be a big turn off for some. I feel that some of the commanders are Pay2Win (Elite Tiger anyone). Paint skins look nice but the price you pay is silly. I also feel the base game should have came with some of the extra factions, but of course we'd only have that In a perfect world.Though, I still enjoy the game. I have played a bunch of games as each faction and I enjoy all of them. Each has a different flavor. I also think there's a fair amount of units for each side. Playing against the AI can be fun for a while, but they get really predictable. Online play is hit or miss, sometimes you'll have a good round, sometimes you'll have a round with rushers (this can make the game unfun).In closing, I would recommend this game to people who enjoy action RTS games, WWII games (and cold war-esque games), and Michael Bay (just the effects).But as a tip, i'd get it, and any DLC on sale. 7.5/10"
76561198218629735,Recommended,231430,19177675,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,thorin0602,"Been my favourite game, this COH 2 offers many varieties inside the gameplay.However, the online multiplayer seems a bit gray."
76561198059355061,Recommended,231430,21113696,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,ABAP (Trump Sucks),"Very fun and addicting strategy game with epic units, as a WW2 lover this game provides me with much joy."
76561198044982609,Recommended,231430,21324355,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,SirNesh,"Great game, the best RTS I ever played. Very detailed, very dynamic. Love the  rock, paper, scissor type armies. Absolutely amazing. No match is like other. The sound fx are phenomenal! The only downside I find is that this game is too intense. even 500+ hours playtime I still find it VERY intense and my heart beats every game like HMG and this the only reason I'm not playing anymore. Anyway...I'm kinda crititical to games and stillI find this to be really a masterpiece.Farewell guys, see you at the front!"
76561198054831845,Recommended,231430,21301456,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,palsaktorkinyev,"Do you like WW2 theme? YESDo you like Nazis? I hope you dont.But I definitely reccomend you this game.Even if you dont like strategy, you'll enjoy it a lot.(PLAY WITH BRITISH AND BECAME IMMORTAL!)"
,Recommended,231430,16287493,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Kublai,"Great game, not worth the price however, wait for a sale"
76561198152153543,Recommended,231430,17756353,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Kawaii Payback-Iterating Seppuku,Company of heroes 2. A truly masterpiece.Edited:A truly cashgrab.
76561198111174440,Recommended,231430,17786022,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,John,fantastic game easy to master.
76561198224317900,Recommended,231430,17978529,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Last man out games,its a great stratagy game.
76561198078650815,Recommended,231430,21323054,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,F'n Bob,"Pretty good, but most of the changes compared to the original CoH seem pointless. Most of the time it's confusing, and the old saying works here too: ""if it ain't broke, don't fix it"". The UI is a bit cartooney IMO, and it occupies a big area of the screen.I would only recommend it if it's on sale."
76561198110940660,Recommended,231430,20653378,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,cohiba1982,"Coming from years of playing Age of Empires I think this is a good game thats lots of fun to play. Lots of replay value, I keep coming back. Graphics are great too. The only complaint is the loot system, needs some work but not a big deal, it doesnt really affect the game could probably just get rid of it all together. Lots of content with the DLCs, a really active community that keeps making maps and mods."
76561197992828951,Recommended,231430,21399449,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,45. ORP|ComradeSavage,"If you ignore the anti-Russian propaganda, its actually a pretty good game."
,Recommended,231430,16454920,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Earth,"One of the Best RTS in any market,it gets in to you when you start to play multiplayer then you feel all the heroic stuff about WW2 and the soundtracks oh man the soundtracks never changes you feel like a soldier in WW2 while you're playing   it.And there's the community you can play a game that longs about 2 hours or 5-6 minutes and those who have played a 2 hour long game then they know they got addicted to this world. 10/10"
,Recommended,231430,25423815,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Pin0,"I remember being sad and angry with the choices Relic made when playing the beta of this game while still being very much a fanboy of the original. Bought the game after it matured a bit and saw it for what it really was. An, allthough not exactly the same, experince akin to the original COH. An RTS with focus on smaller engagements and zero to none focus on basebuilding. Good grahpics, physics and a steep but very satisfying learning curve.Good game for just wanting to build giant tanks and artillery and utterly destroy the enemy in a compstomp or to really get your tactical/strategic itch scratched in very tense and stressfull 1 on 1 matches in automatch.Downside of the game is the multiple DLC. The new factions offer more than enough of new contact, however each faction has extra commanders as well which in theory you can get by playing the game for free... this will take some luck and a lot of time. If you want to play a specific commander, be prepared to spend some extra cash or invest a lot of time.It took some time, but this has become a game not onyl worthy of the name ""company of heroes"" but has also added on to that legacy."
76561198049289089,Recommended,231430,20666990,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,jgates,best game for a longtime and i love all the dlc
,Recommended,231430,18939762,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Maximus,"One of the greatest RTS games of all time following on from its successor who still holds the title. CoH2 allows for the largest range of play styles at all but the highest levels of the game. An engaging and game changing single player campaign in the Ardennes Assault is not to be missed and fans of RTS would be remiss motto add this stellar game to their collection. Do play the tutorial first and do play with friends or vs the comp on easy before you jump into competitive multiplayer. This game has action, fun and skill in spades, will you change the outcome of WW2?"
76561198126080425,Recommended,231430,21318953,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Dago.orrego,is really great
76561198026358012,Recommended,231430,18242172,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,♥ Fusion ♥,My all time favorite game in this life.Must play for Staregy Gamers.
76561198328191625,Recommended,231430,25539449,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,[IG] Deathshadow,"this game is so good where do i begin. the single player has variety in it, for SINGLEPLAYER! the multiplayer is amazing something different happens everytime. for example, sceinario one you have 3 tanks and the enemy doesnt know about them so luanch a suprise attack on thier base and they have no time to react resulting in a victory. sceinario two you have 3 tanks and you think your enemy doesnt know about the but he does, so you luanch an attack on his base but hes waiting for you and destroys your tanks with a tank destroyer and pushes forward to your base easily defeates it becuase you spent all your resources on units for the offensive. I would deinatlely recommend this game"
,Recommended,231430,23318288,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,PFC Thomas [29th ID],"Microtransaction aside, the gameplay has been improved which adds a bit to the immersion of the game. Sound editing could be better, but it\'s somewhat authentic (tank crews screaming if their tank gets destroyed)I\'d still pick the first one over this, but this game is still solid enough to have fun with"
76561197969087845,Recommended,231430,23508636,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Jaydawg,"I love this game, I wish they would expand it further, maybe CoH 3 in on the pacific front, attacking the Islands, maybe even add limited use of ships?"
,Recommended,231430,23724019,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,focking BOOTFEEST,excellent rts
76561198072577531,Recommended,231430,26706150,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Rocky Jet,9/10 i accidently clicked on the option that says i recieved it for free. I didnt. i paid for it.
76561198202336391,Recommended,231430,23669105,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,JXLIEW,The most challeging game I have played by Reic Entertainment.
76561198019432429,Recommended,231430,24063129,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Panzer2694,my favourite strategy gamebut workshopskins for vehicles are anoyngif u play with a player with workshop skin all player in the lobby need to download it first before u can play theres a autodownload but its not working to 40% and if the other players wont remove it or dont understand all players cant playalso u can switsh custom skins off in options but the most players dont know that
,Recommended,231430,23454534,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,X4hunt,"Dear Relic,Your game is the greatest RTS I ever play (COH and COH2). I have all the DLC you offer but the weird thing is, why no DLC for Japan Empire. I know some people hate DLC, but Japan should be include in this game. Japan empire also at war with Soviet (Soviet Invasion of Manchuria), British (Malaya and singapore), U.S (guadalcanal, iwo jima ect..) Even people hate DLC, but with Japan in it, they will love it. :D"
,Not Recommended,231430,35472066,Posted: 4 October,all,まっぞ,"I buy this game for few thanks to a sale but i really regret it, unbalanced and frustrating."
,Not Recommended,231430,12169112,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,tankerboo,"you guys are a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing company making this game pay to win, ♥♥♥♥ you sega and ♥♥♥♥ you relic and ♥♥♥♥ you THQ for selling out like a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ you for ♥♥♥♥ing this game up and sucking everyones pennywallet♥♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥es, then you can go ♥♥♥♥ off with your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pathing and balacninc, this is such a ♥♥♥♥ing downgrade of a game dont even reccomend this piece of ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ tried to enjoy big ♥♥♥♥ing waste of money dont waste your time with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ even less people touch this game than your ♥♥♥♥ing old♥♥♥♥♥one."
,Recommended,231430,10356710,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Lord Ostrich Panzerulfr (人狼),"If the first battalion of conscripts fails, send in the next one. Eventually they will push the fascisti out!"
,Recommended,231430,10365843,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Lithuex,Why can I do this hello?
76561198221763152,Recommended,231430,19299057,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Aussie Outlaw,10/10 game would play all day if i could <3
,Recommended,231430,8896393,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,thinking-san,"All one needs to pay attention to is the gameplay mostly but the story makes it more interesting. It is a great real time strategy (RTS) game and even if it is not too accurate in some details of the campaign, it is about playing the game and seeing all the hard work  the developers put into the game to make it fun for the players to play. It is not about learning about the history and World War II. This was created for people to actually enjoy playing the game itself, beat the campaign and then challenging others to multiplayer matches. This game offers more tactics not in the first Company of Heroes but less content but don't let that fool one that this game is nothing compared to the first game. This game was released about seven years after the first game and could still have more updates and downloadable content waiting, yet to be released. The gameplay should be the main focus and I personally think that the content in the game is already great alone! This game has a good made up storyline with good gameplay content, nobody should compare the storyline to the actual history."
76561198006724074,Recommended,231430,19238359,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Hereticus,"Company of Heroes 2, the sequel to the famous first COH is in my humble opinion a 'interesting' game but is it all that and a bag of chips?   Well whether or not a game is good is subjective to the individual and what exactly your looking to get out of a game.The Good:- Modding Support through the Steam-Workshop offers all manner of mods, unit skins, decals, Player made maps, and more all for free and easily aquired with the click of a button.- Unit Diversity.  A counter for every move and with over 31+ Commanders to choose from per faction as opposed to the original COH with just 3 Doctrines to choose from per faction,  Each army has a distinct theme from focus ranging from Heavy Tanks, Specialized Infantry, Artillery, Aircraft and more!- Enviroment Matters.   COH2 offers unit bonuses for taking cover behind pretty much anything,  Destructible enviroments mean that a wall or house can be blown away to create new avenues to flank your opponent!   Weather can freeze your troops to death in the cold blizzards or slow them down as easy targets when they get stuck in deep-mud.The Bad:- DLC,  Sega is rather heavy about DLC.  For example that fancy Skin you want for your tanks?  Or want a Tiger Tank but don't own the commander that offers one?   Gotta buy them.   DLC ranges from 3 to 5$ (prices vary on your region) but this can be mitigated both by the fact that COH2 is frequently on the Steam Sales where you can get the DLC for as cheap as 1$  or just download a Mod from the workshop that offers them.- The Single Player Campaign.   I have mixed feelings about the campaign.   The Soviet Campaign (which is free) was dark (which is IMO good) but the characters were boring,  I felt no passion to empathize with characters and the mission objectives were generic and rather basic,  What you would expect from a RTS.....   SEGA fortunatly learns there lesson when they introduce the American Campaign ""Ardennes Assault"" Giving us more interesting characters and unique mechanics for a Story,  making the campaign into a RISK or Total War style where you only have limited resources to conduct the entire campaign.   Unfortunatly this absolutely amazing Ardennes Assault campaign is DLC:  10$ on its own,  5 or 3$ during a Steam Sale.- Vanilla Gameplay is Boring,  Game ballance is about as fair as Starcraft,  but just like Starcraft that same  rock/paper/scissors can get boring.  IMO Get a realism mod from the Steam Workshop such as Spearhead or Wikinger just off the top of my head.   The All Units mod can also appeal if you don't want realism & don't want to buy the DLC.- Axis vs Allies.    This should be a common theme,   however where  the Allies are diverse between the Soviets, Americans, and the British.... the Axis are just Germans with a east & west theme.  SEGA has rich options to choose from between nations like Vichy-France, Italy, or Japan and yet they have been reluctant to pool from it despite showing they can with units such as the Ostruppen pooled from the various nations that were absorbed into the German Army.   COH2 has great potential if only they would do more then just present Nazi-Germany as the only overarching villain.In conclusion,  COH2 is not a game for everyone,  I'd reccomend it only to WW2 Enthusiasts who want a plethora of options to choose from, and I would highly reccomend players wait for the Steam Sales (COH2 g oes on sale extremly frequently),  The game's not worth full retail price.  Bu with that said I find boundless enjoyment out of this game and still play it even today as my fallback enjoyment."
76561198012794862,Not Recommended,231430,9998788,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Yes Man,I bought the digital deluxe edition of this game. I was thinking that all of the dlc would be coming with this edition. However I did not get any of the mission packs. It would have been cheaper to get all of the mission packs separately and just got with the standard edition of the game.  Overall I should have stayed away from the game until the game of the year edition came out and it was under 10 dollars on a steam sale. If you pay more than 10 dollars for this game you are being ripped off.
76561197972576593,Not Recommended,231430,19369586,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Amoc,"The game couldn't really have been much more disappointing as a CoH sequel.  It's pretty much the exact same engine and mechanics as the original game and if this had come out 4-5 years ago I might have been more impressed.  As it stands, it's just a full-priced expansion of an old game with a lousy campaign and new multiplayer factions that aren't really all that interesting."
,Not Recommended,231430,17878639,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Spleen,"Wanted to like this game, but as others have stated, buying the game is just a starter pack. Disappointing that this is the new normal. I've already got all the armies I need on COH, heading back to that."
76561198097831441,Not Recommended,231430,20606204,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,chounman,"Completely disappointed with the game now. Too many DLCs and commanders are so hard to come by now as drops. I dont want a game where I have to pay AGAIN for other crap. Plus the glitches are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I played a good♥♥♥♥♥match for about an hour long, and when we won, the game crashes and sync error 41 or something pops up. Game gets laggy over time and the bugs are ♥♥♥♥ing annoying. I dont reccommend. I sound like I'm ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on this game lol, its causen i am."
76561197961406863,Not Recommended,231430,11378068,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Pottah,No where near as good as original . Feels slow and unbalanced.Every 5 minutes there is some sort of random update that does nothing. 5+ times in last few weeks I turn on steam and see update for this game. Very poor to see so many useless updates.
,Recommended,231430,17805307,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Apollo,"***Updated Review***After playing this game for a good amount of hours now I can assure you it's not pay to win, here's the problem.You get commanders either through:a) buying them from the in-game store.b) getting them from the terrible, terrible drop system.a) can get a bit pricey, and b) is just a joke. Relic has stated numerous times over the years that they would look into it, but no progress.That being said, having a slightly better doctrine (there aren't any premium doctrines that are stupidly overpriced) does not make you better at the game. I bought a ""good"" commander for 5$ but I actually started playing worse. Why? Because I was relying too much on the doctrine's super cool tanks and crap. Good doctrines compliment a good player but can't turn you into one.That being said, the game IS extremely expensive for what you get. You'll probably want to pick up all the factions, so the final total is rather high. However, the game and dlcs go on sale for 75% with the winter and summer sales, so I suggest you pick them up then.All in all it's a good game, just buy what you want at the price you think Relic deserves."
,Not Recommended,231430,25969568,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Imperator Mafuyu,"This was a good game. A very good game... But after the unbalanced-balancepatches (funny isn't it?) it became unplayable, because for some unknown reason they moved the game from the few-units-manouvering-way to the blob armies. They removed the blizzard feature which was unique and gave everything to the germans and nothing for the allies. The fact that the Third Reich can produce the heaviest units like the USSR the T34s is very laughable... Sad story for a title that was told the best... Don't play it anymore."
76561198042272990,Not Recommended,231430,10067505,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Sambo,"With having to buy comanders, being restricted to the eastern front unless you purchase The Western Front Armies, having poor combat and actual strategy involved, and not having much control over a squad. I personaly think that if you are looking for a good WWII RTS game I sugest taking a look at the Men Of War games since they provide more controll over units in a squad, better and more realistic combat, and requires more skill and strategy rather than unit spam."
,Recommended,231430,11316714,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,RuRik,""" а ну ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ец "" ( oh ♥♥♥♥ )    - Every Soviet tankist in the Great Patriotic War."
76561198111822831,Recommended,231430,18081753,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Perfe D. Para,"Even thou I am an RTS veteran player, somehow i kinda feel that I'm a newbee in this game when I play it first time. What I want to say is that this game isn't like other RTS game I've been playing so far. But after couple of hours, I'm starting to slowly understand the gameplay. And after another couple of hours, I'm starting to become addicted! This game is REALLY GOOD!!! Not only the gameplay is cool, but the graphic and the sound are also super super cool. i've never seen and heard a war scene like this game has in another game, I can only feel the same experience when I watch a film of Saving Private Ryan XD The UI is somehow retro-looks like, and that is another plus for me. The main menu music is soothing and making you feel that the world is indeed in a war. The screaming of frightened soldiers from dying, the bombard from mortar squad, the shoot fire from sniper, and the boom from the tank are unforgettable. Seriously, this isn't only a game. Its a pack of game, opera, drama and film in a bundle. totally worth to buy (i bought it half price thx from the discount lol)Final result: Recommended. 9/10 (9 because its ranked matchmaking mechanism isnt that great)"
76561198122774371,Recommended,231430,8893128,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Rick Sanchez,is good
76561198082513627,Not Recommended,231430,32707093,Posted: 23 June,all,皮皮虾号航母,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
,Recommended,231430,14564630,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,[HSC]Cpt.Hurd,"After a rough start during It's first year, COH2 has now become my second favorite game, I have played many RTS games and none of them have stacked up to COH2, I find myself really enjoying just the Ai by myself or with friends, I'm not one that ventures off Into MP games much anymore but when I do I find them enjoyable also, The developers behind the game listen to their community, and the bugs from what I have experienced have all been addressed, the game has a great community backing It and plenty of new maps to always download from the steam workshop so your never tired of the same maps, I have all the DLC'S and while I'm not too big on paying for dlc myself like most people, I do enjoy there DLC, If you like the game as It Is I also recommend some of the faction based dlc as they are great additions, each faction Is different from the other, not just unit or country wise, but gameplaywise, each has many different ways of building forces and progressing.Moving on to some gameplay reviews.I like what they have done with It, as I have stated before I mostly play against the Ai but from what I have experienced the ai In this game Is no push over, the ai seems to know just when to use their assets and abbilities, they utilize the commanders and whatever units they may have at their disposal well, The ai knows how to flank, how to use artillery and to get under your skin In everyway possible, They have totally re-done the ai from when they first started, friendly ai will park a half track or truck next your Injured units and expect you to use their vehicle to replenish your own units, they will also repair your vehicles or defensive postions on their own If In the area.Gameplay Is really what you would expect from an RTS, build up your forces and destroy the enemy from your top-down camera, command a variety of units and take over the map, most units have special abbilities that make them stronger and better In combat, this can vary from weapon upgrades (new rifles) moral upgrades or others such as anti-tank capabilities or an mg to help with enemy Infantry, It has conquest and total destruction game modes, In conquest there Is 3 flags that If captured will cause enemy tickets to lower, however all over the map are little flags that provide supply points, funds, fuel and munitions, all required to build your forces up and use abbilities, taking these points also provide friendly borders so you can setup some defensive positions such as mg nests and other crucial structures such as medical and reinforcement positions, some maps are heavy on urban combat, while some are In the open and make for great tank battles, however the game Is a bit more fast paced than Men of War assault squad, while there Is a lot of multi-tasking, It's not on the same level as MOW where you actually have to load the correct ammo type for a unit, so really you could say COH Is a arcade styled RTS In a certain way but personally I enjoy COH2 a bit more.Total destruction sounds just like It Is, wipe out the entire enemy force to win.A couple mods I recommend are all units unlocked (so you can use all units such as other commander-based units In a single game, you still have to buy them through the recruitment buildings of course) and If you want an epic huge battle, I recommend population cap setting mods, that would allow you to use more units In a single game and not be limited.All of which can be downloaded via steam workshop.Regardless though, the game Itself Is a solid one and I can't recommend It enough.There are a lot of things I haven't covered but If I did this review would be way too long so I'm just going to keep It a simple review.This game from me gets a 9.5/10"
76561198002651753,Recommended,231430,20508944,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,keyboard scrub,I don't want to talk about it.
,Not Recommended,231430,22209250,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Raskoon,"Lovely looking game. SOME good mechanics.At release, wasn't balanced, now it depends on how much $ you will fork over.Commanders are 4 bucks a pop, and a set for ONE OF THE FIVE factions is ~60.Read that again, roughly 300 bucks after your purchase for commanders, not even the DLC.I will not buy another game from relic because of this. Sure I have a plenty of hours, mainly in attempt for my money to feel validated. It doesn't. Buy one of the many other WWII RTS out there and you will be a much happy camper.And maybe this is why nobody respects SEGA."
76561198057705025,Not Recommended,231430,19982898,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Monkey,"The ingame dialogue is Broken.Just text appears beside the guys picture, no voice with it.This was released in 25 Jun, 2013, I bought it in 26 Dec, 2015. How is this still an issue?"
76561198094763317,Not Recommended,231430,21385410,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,CPU - Hard,"endless dlc sales, less players."
,Not Recommended,231430,19989854,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Clownish Viking,This is killing me. I can't play as the Russians or the Wiermact. Bought every dlc and all that and still wont give me the two other factions. Would recomend if that wasn't such an issue. Completely love the game otherwise
76561198007892627,Not Recommended,231430,16669866,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,kz4b4k,"1st review...shows how much this annoys me..-game still has a mem leak, which lets my hd rattle for 5-10mins when closing the game-regular updates do♥♥♥♥♥♥ if the engine has flaws, the matchmakng is a joke and the multiplayer can lag up to non playability-matchmaking......... there can be times yozu wanna play with buddies and wait 5mins for a match, only to see one of the connection go bad and doing it all over again..had it repeat up to 4 times....took 45mins...-instead of rewarding regular players my prorder bonus got switched by the loot system updates 2 timnes..leaving me with♥♥♥♥♥♥ after already putting in 200+ hours and having nice loot... (looted my 2nd blue commander since release yesterday!!! needless to say it was duplicate...-commander dlc.......... no comprehensive system, rly bad pricing, cant even find them on the coh2 steams or page or dlcoverall one of the best and most fun gameplays, but flawed up to non playability.. thank you relic"
,Not Recommended,231430,15784226,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Khlav Khalash,"In terms of mechanics it retains the core elements which made the original game such a hit, along with a number of minor changes. Some of these are improvements, while others are a step backwards. The much-touted weather elements add a nice atmosphere in Singleplayer but serve as a major annoyance in multiplayer with most players vetoing winter maps. True-sight is generally an exciting mechanic but doesn't always function as intended. Bulletins are an interesting but ultimately insignificant introduction. Being able to constantly monitor the health of all units is great, the cluttered UI full of useless information is not. Problems from the original - high micromanagement requirements and poor vehicle pathing - have not been fixed.There is some enjoyment to be had for solo players, but if that's all you're interested in there are plenty of better options (CoH1 being one of those). Single player Campaign is a reasonable length but the missions themselves are pretty flaccid. Story is the same old Stalingrad/bad accents/Commisars killing their own men shtick told through a serious of bland (but thankfully skippable) cutscenes. Skirmish AI is OK, but then who plays skirmishes these days?Multiplayer is where the bulk of the enjoyment is. It's fast-paced, sometimes exciting and ever-challenging. It's mostly well-balanced in 1v1, and 2v2 is good aside from a few map and faction combinations. Anything larger than that is much easier for axis and that situation looks unlikely to change. Pre-arranged and random teams can play against each other, so if you don't have a partner for team games you're going to have a bad time. There are still a good number of players in ranked automatch while custom games are pretty dead. As in every WW2 game Axis are more popular with players, but for some reason the ability to select a random faction has been removed so you have to choose between a short wait with allies or a longer wait with axis.So while the multiplayer is fun for a while there are two major issues which make it hard to recommend. The first of these is the faction, commander and unit design. It's obvious relic didn't have a clear vision for each faction, and the result is a wacky mish-mash of units which synergise poorly and make teching feel awkward. There are a number of highly situational or simply useless units, with the game balanced around a few OP units and abilities. The only logically designed faction is the Ostheer, which by no small coincidence are strongly influenced by Wehrmact from CoH1. Many games involve one or both players stalling with low-tier units in an attempt to skip the mid game and go straight to heavy call-in tanks. There is also a big reliance on indirect fire and AoE weapons, which leads to a random and frustrating experience where wiping an enemy squad takes far more luck than skill.The second beef I have is the micro-transactions and general money-grubbing that surrounds the game. The base game, western front armies, AA singleplayer, and commanders are all separate purchases, and all overpriced. Particularly bothersome are the DLC commanders, especially because of the way many commanders hard-counter others in the current meta. While they can be obtained without paying the chance of this occuring is pretty low. When the community was crying out for a balance patch, instead we get another singleplayer DLC noone wanted. When players are frustrated by lack of balance problems and BS commanders, Relic goes ahead and brings out even more. I have no issue with paying for quality DLC, but the way it has been handled with this game is pretty poor.Bottom line: Despite its flaws I would recommend the game to those who enjoyed the original or like RTS games in general, but not until it receives a heavy drop in price."
76561198018884798,Recommended,231430,17985099,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,RalphRoberts,"A fun, tactical game based in the eastern front of WW2. Each faction offers unique playestyles and strategies. COH2 is heavily micro-management oriented with a rather competitive multiplayer scene, but there is also plenty to keep Solo players occupied. I'd highly recommend to anyone who is a fan of Real-time strategic or tactical play."
76561197974188681,Recommended,231430,32965088,Posted: 28 June,all,ApexPredator,I am surprised by all of the negative reviews on this game.  It is over 4 years old and is still being supported by the devs with updates.  There are micro transactions which I am normally against but I don’t mind the model they are using. You can get anything in the store with currency you earn in game and don’t really “need” any of it to enjoy the game.  As for all of the DLC… it is an older game that still holds up and has 4 years of content that you can get on sale for around $10.  This game has kept me busy over the years of steam dry spells.
76561198018355995,Not Recommended,231430,3158097,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Murasame,"Kubelwan 2 or OKW 2  is what this game should be named. Well can clearly see this new ""patch"" worked. NOT! it just made everything ten times worse. This game has now been classified as unplayable. always 85% to 15% percent axis vs allie search ratio. one time i got on and it was 95 and 5!! come on man. This game was balanced with the old factions and was fun as hell and was always at 50 50. for the most part.OKW screwed up everything. thats all i face now as U.S or Soviet. 4v4 always at least three OKW players. and once the game starts its just nothing but kubelwagans and pioneers with stg44s. You cant do anything! by the time my infantry fire a AT nade at them they fully surpressed by four wagans. and when i do it only takes half their life or no effect. Its not fun anymore. put so many hours into this game only to have it stab you slowly in the chest with a seductive smile. Im done. DONE! ill check back in later during next year to see if it got better. Until then, ♥♥♥♥. this. game."
,Recommended,231430,25526966,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,XaViErDaViS,Great Game!
76561198041232001,Not Recommended,231430,24122196,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,SOliD,"PAY2WIN (no joke)I am a big fan of company of heroes 1 but if you buy the second game for the multiplayer, just dont buy it than it is pay to ♥♥♥♥ing win and that is sad. I did get rekt by a Königstiger and five of my best russian tanks cant kill this op♥♥♥♥♥♥ you need to pay 5 euros for the commander so you can order that tank....why the ♥♥♥♥ would you do that?destroying one of the best RTS games ever made by pay to win?you pay 28euro for this game and it is paytowin ggPublisher are ♥♥♥♥ing money horny pls dont buy this game and give them more money pls."
,Recommended,231430,18314589,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Slim Shady,BEST RTS AVAILABLE ON THE MARKET !!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,231430,9109732,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,NightHawk114,"This game is VERY, and i mean VEEEEAAAARRRRYYYY lagy. Even on the lowest settings when i cant even tell the difrance beteween a soldier and a tank i get maybe 10-13 fps max. i dont really like setup, but doable. i like realism and new grapic things, but need to fix laggyness"
76561198089344992,Recommended,231430,8817995,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,MKaz,Good Game!
,Recommended,231430,8816652,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,MegaMaxstr,"This game is so addicting ! I love the ranking system and I enjoy the workshop with customs maps! If you got this game and intrested in co-op , let me know ! I would give this game 10/10"
76561198019283773,Not Recommended,231430,8929485,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,THUNDER,"Sad to say it but this game has been the biggest disappointment ever. I definitely do not recommend this flop of a game. The only reason why I managed to log 33 hours on COH2 was because I wanted to like. I tried to like and played it thinking that I will get into it. Clearly it did not happen. The leveling system is very strange and not competitive in the slightest. If you lose, you still rank up. I personally do not find any fun in that. Game play is pretty dry and units can take quite a long time to kill now. For some reason there seems to be a lack of variety in regards to the amount of units that you are able to build which I find a bit odd. You would expect there to be more in a new game but this is not the case. Furthermore, the teams are uneven and everyone chooses the Germans because of their tank superiority which crushes the Russians so easily. Even the factions/commanders that you get to chose are terrible and do not add much to the game itself. In regards to the single player, I would not even bother. enough said. Company of heroes 1 and all of the expansions such as tales of valor and opposing fronts are amazing games and I still play them. So much better then COH2. Therefore, if you are looking to play a company of heroes game do not spend a single dime on COH2. Spend your money on COH1 instead."
76561198097077465,Recommended,231430,9719699,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,╬GILAS╬ Oberstleutnant,Amazing RTS out there in the market!!
76561198014000272,Not Recommended,231430,7855120,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,MacondoHondo,"If you want to play general, just forget it. You are going to be a lieutenant at best. This is a game meant for online play. The solo campaign and the challenges are disappointing. The AI's troops are alive while yours are a bunch of zombies. You have to take care of them like children. There is also the manufacturing issue... Instead of the bulidings to rise on their own with a click of an icon, you have to build them, meanwhile your zombies are geting crushed by the AI. If you build a unit and then change up your mind, there is no icon to claim them back, so you have to send your unintended product to the enemy to get destroyed. I've been trying to replace Order Of War with something else, but no luck thus far..."
,Not Recommended,231430,9177037,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,MuscularYoda,"The original was amazing. This squel simply put, is garbage."
,Recommended,231430,9098686,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,MrSir,"I like how people with 300+ hours give this a thumbs down, if you don't like it why play it so much?It's great, requires you to actually think about your attack, plan how you will strike and then counter your opponent. It's not a game where you just spam the same unit and go. It doesn't matter how many buttons you press per minute, what matters is your brain and experince as a commander.Victories are earned and defeats are crushing, the graphics are highly detailed down to the paint scratches on tanks and the spent brass from a rifle. The sounds are frightning and the unit chatter can be quite funny!I recommend the Standard Edition as the Collectors just has extra skins and commanders that you can unlock by playing normally."
76561198091880649,Recommended,231430,10609015,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,V-mдs†ΣЯoV,The Best RTS Of Time
,Recommended,231430,11122914,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Grey,"If you're a fan of the RTS genre but can't compete at the starcraft diamond level this is the game for you, it beautifully blends RTS elements with the world war 2 atmosphere.There is almost no resource management no building mines, no farming vespian gas, there are three different resourcesManpower, Fuel, Ammunition all 3 of which are obtained by holding territory on the map.The game is a huge struggle to control key points on the map called VP's (victory points).In the game you start with 500 vp and capturing 2/3 of the points will start to drain your opponents vpoints.The western Front armies added two new armies the US and the Ober Kommando West adding even more levels of play to the game and offering a cheap price point to jump into the game at as you can buy just the army you want and still play against everyone.I HIGHLY reccomend this game for fans of the genre and ww2 games it will not dissapoint.If you need to be shown the ropes feel free to add me and i'll catch you up to speed :).See you on the battlefield Comerades."
,Not Recommended,231430,25890101,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Ghost.Nighter,"Currently the balance is not accaptable,meta is stall and the game is not fun anymore."
76561198078345880,Recommended,231430,10435855,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,CasperovZA,"Brilliant! The pessimists and naysayers won’t agree with me, but that’s what they do. I thoroughly enjoyed CoH. The whole idea of adding value to single squads’ life and tactical advantage, as opposed to the usual, mass hordes of troops and storm the enemy, was refreshingI’m glad that they kept CoH 2, nearly, identical to the original. Everyone is right! They hardly changed the mechanics and that’s what makes it so beautiful. Why change a, already, “polished” game? That’s why so many of us loved the original. I can see it now. Relic could have changed so much more but, then the same “critics” would have complained about those exact changes and why the original CoH was so much better anyway. We should be glad that they’ve kept this gem so close to the original. So many companies are over doing things today with too many frills and make-up. This game is still CoH. It still captures the essence of what CoH is. It is the new and old, improved, CoH"
76561198088976255,Not Recommended,231430,10018206,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,xXAdmiralDoReMiXx,"Somewhat RecomendedFun for Skirmishes, but campaign sucks big time."
,Recommended,231430,11985322,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,GGK01,"An alternative  RTS based on tactic..very realistic and in depth gameplay....a masterpiece,especially for those who seek the best and hardcore gamers."
,Not Recommended,231430,8757316,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,dannygove,runs in comatibilty mode when its not on compatibility mode
76561198031397923,Not Recommended,231430,8773704,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Drmurda,"Needs mods to make it playable. Sorry but the 200 unit cap is joke, CoH1 is better."
,Not Recommended,231430,19809428,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Killeon,"Great game for singleplayer campaigns and theater of war, but don't even waste your time trying the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer.They couldn't balance the game after 2 years, they kept trying to eat your money making you buy DLC commanders so you could win, and then nerf them down to hell after a month. A game with a lot of potential and original ideas, but handled by an awful video game company."
76561197970824102,Not Recommended,231430,28566344,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,=BiA=Diskobolos,"Don't get me wrong, I love this game and will play it in the future.The negative review is for the fact that every patch requires me to have gigabytes of free space that are NOT necessary for the actual patch.Current patch: 670MB, space required on hard drive: >21GBNo other game does that.Fix it!"
76561198099051116,Recommended,231430,23406875,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Coldgie,DLCs within DLCs
,Not Recommended,231430,20551539,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Barney,Too much DLC for so little gameplay.
76561198065056943,Not Recommended,231430,20623845,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Jimmy Russell,"*Purchased Elite infantry DLC Generals, Relic then decided to remove elite troops from the doctrine.*Unbalanced as F++k*Forced to buy DLC teams because on release their OP as F++k"
76561197968741389,Not Recommended,231430,21552521,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Sydalesis,"If you like games that are unreliable with performance issues this is just for you.  This is the last relic game I buy, This game feels like abandonware and is still unpolished after years out. Even coh 1 with todays computers perform badly. Avoid this like plague.  This franchise is dead"
76561198257441065,Recommended,231430,31089396,Posted: 11 April,all,Time to get 1000 hours,is nazi gaem
76561198004177116,Not Recommended,231430,28607449,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Raz0rbeard,Coh 1 is almost better in every aspect. I do not suggest you to buy this game.Graphics Aren't Everything
,Not Recommended,231430,11826396,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,YOUR DRUNK UNCLE,"Avoid. Awful campaign, mediocre multiplayer with poor gimmicks and balance from Heinrich Himmler.Go play one of the many mods the first Company of Heroes got instead, they play better than this rushed turd of a game."
76561197997605633,Recommended,231430,8903550,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Tomsky147,Excellent. Refreshingly different to the original COH
76561197970935188,Recommended,231430,477888,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,mahon007,AWESOME!
76561198055473724,Recommended,231430,9001296,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Tankslayer_TFX,"Amazing fun. Great DLC content (ToW mission packs) and the Western Front Armies, and Ardennes Assault! All the DLC's worth it, add great content, overall very fun game."
76561198006626014,Not Recommended,231430,30449883,Posted: 11 March,all,MagicKnob,"I want to enjoy this game. But there is too much RNG in it. You can have that perfeckt flank, that perfect assault, just to be ♥♥♥♥ed by a 30 muni nade. A Stuka bombing run you can not doge. Your firefly bouncing on a rear armour. This game has so much potential. It can be so much fun at times. But mostly it's frustration. I'm still gonne play it proapably. But the fact is a fact  - i think this game is bad. Bad design, bad balance. It's just there is nothing better out there."
,Recommended,231430,33336162,Posted: 7 July,all,Amiens,Best ww2 strategy game i have ever seen.
76561198030228485,Not Recommended,231430,7868213,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Covfefe,TO MUCH DLC
76561198006728128,Not Recommended,231430,7917507,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,mnardell,"First I love the old game. I read the review on this and even though most of them said it keeps crashing I purchased anyways. Well I should have trusted the other posts. This game keeps crashing. I have spent hours and days trying to fix so I can play. I contact sega and was told check all the drives. I did this and made sure I had the newest versions. In the end still crashes. Very frustrating and well just about♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off to the point of I will not purchase this title again. I asked Sega for a refund which the reply was uninstall all the drivers and game and reinstall. This would take hours to complete. So I purchased a few other games and stopped playing this one. Funny thing no issues with the other games, not even one crash to report. Seems Sega really messed this one up."
76561198075787971,Not Recommended,231430,11061731,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,powerram92,i have so much problem with this game i bought it an try to play it an it says i still need to buy it. also it i cant play it offline it has to reinstall everytime i play it and half the time doesnt work also steam does not want to help with the problem
,Not Recommended,231430,20541695,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,driveandkill,"The game is good in it's core but too many small things like the big amount of bugs even years after release are a big turn offGermans are still sadly very overpowered, I like to play as them but I have to agree on that fact."
76561198020602649,Not Recommended,231430,8464290,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Chaos,"I become afraid of any game related to sega.I guess they will even ask money for updates.Game is now 13 dollars and their downloadable contents are 15 dollars.This is ridiculous.Game companies dont know what to do i guess,they are making people go into piracy and dont pay for the games.Sega and Thq should be ashamed of thishttp://s27.postimg.org/5hqj8tjjn/dlc.jpg"
76561198061707247,Recommended,231430,20918254,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,L-19 Novi Avion,MORTARS!
76561198016968581,Not Recommended,231430,20494276,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,IronCross,"This game feels more like Command and Conquer. This game is a shame for the name Company of Heroes, only idiots can create such a game. Spam vs spam, no tactics, if there is a unit u have no counterpart in your army you get an ability to counter it instead of combining arms...there is no combined arms at all just spamming inf+tanks. On the other hand, if u get the right map u just camp with all the artillery u can get here. Ah yes maps right: most maps are unbalanced so if u start on the one side u win easily, on the other side u will lose easily. There are no competitive elements in this game, nice for some fun games but nothing more.As i said this game does not deserve the name Company of Heroes. It is a really big joke this game is promoted for ESL, pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I played several years on top ladder in Company of Heroes, i mean CoH1, the only CoH that deserves this name, and i must say that CoH1 deserved to be played in ESL more than this game. Everytime i give this game a try and want to play it competitive i feel like directly uninstalling it..."
76561198143983977,Not Recommended,231430,14497438,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,edwin_tomahawk,"i buy coh2 ardennese assault and westernt armies, i can still play 4 side in skrimish  mode. but after i instal coh2 betacan't play Russians and Wehrmacht again ?? what happen ?"
76561197968470373,Not Recommended,231430,16976360,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Oscar,Worthless if you want to play skirmish. You have to buy Western Front Armies if you want to play US. Even if you bought Ardennes assault
,Not Recommended,231430,15078039,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,SpaghettiKing,"This is a really fun game. The good old core mechanics of CoH 1 are there and some minor improvements that really add to the experience. There are also some minor steps back as well, so really this game doesn't amount to better than CoH 1. In fact if you own that game already and enjoy it, keep enjoying it, this game might not be for you.If you are new to the game alltogether, know it has a steep learning curve. Not as bad as starcraft 2 as far as microing and stuff goes, but it has really deep strategy, and there is a lot to know about the different units and ablities. That being said, it's way easier for a new person to get into than a lot of RTS games. Some of it can been pretty intitutive, as you all know tanks are really powerful and hard to kill with a rifle in real life, well guess what, same holds true in this game.Pros:1. While this isn't about gameplay, I think it's important. Graphics are improved. This does look better, but only if you had the hardware to show it off. If your graphics card is just meh or okay, you might think CoH 1 will look better on your PC.2. Various minor aspects of the game have been changed. I think, whle minor, they are helpful changes.  Examples: Veteran status is displayed as stars above your unit. This makes it easier to see your vets, and to keep them safe. You know longer have to walk straight up to a point to capture it, you just have to be in a circle around the point. This is nice because you can protect your guys a little better, put them in cover.Cons:1) game could have been more. I'm not sure what it is, but something is missing. I suppose I expected more out of the sequel to company of heroes 2. Really I just got company of heroes 1 with nicer graphics and minor improvements. Which is fine, since it's still a really fun game, but a little disappointing. If you don't already own the first one, you might as well get this one with the better graphics and minor improvements.2. U.S. forces is what I play, and it doesn't seem to play the way I expected. Expect the gameplay for the americans to be very different from CoH 1.3. Game is burdened with earned bonuses and such, that I think imbalance the game. It would take a lot of work to get this game ready for esports. I really just like fair balanced, and consistant gameplay, and while I recongize when you have a game with different factions with their own unique units and ablities, balanced gameplay is really hard to achieve, the little bonuses and things you earn from playing are not necessary.Unfortunately, while this game may be great for a lot of people, and I'll probably play it from time to time since I already own it, I have to ask myself, would I buy again? The answer is probably not. While this is one of the best RTS out there, it could have been a LOT better.There  could have been . . .More interesting factions, the original U.S. Forces for example, were better. They had better units and ways to use them.Could have created this game better for esports.  Standardized fair and balanced gameplay.Could have been more focused. They are working on too many factions, campagins and the like. They should be more focused on improving and refining a basic set of factions and the core gameplay. Instead of adding a new faction, add new units to existing factions, balance them, and through help UI improvements.So while it's fun. I can't recommend it like the original."
,Recommended,231430,24229648,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Naggez,Osttruppen for the Fatherland! : )
,Not Recommended,231430,2409440,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Polite People,"CoH2 campaign is nothing but a ridiculous in its idiocy anti-Russian propaganda. The way the game developers see the conflict is disgusting.History-wise the Russians had a tough fight on their own land. They lost a lot of men and they were up against the best army in the world at that time (Germans were higly trained, and have already won nearly half of Europe by 1941).Ultimately Russians prevailed, and not with human-wave attacks, but with courage, tenacity and tactical skills learned against a fierce opponent. Not only that, Soviet generals out-thought and out-planned the German high command by strategically pulling the military factories back, and denying Germans control of the Russia’s richest oil region.The Red Army beat their enemy fair and square on the battlefield. And they deserve respect for it. The campaign for this game takes a totally inappropriate and historically dubious set of ideas and expands them into the main theme of the game: the Soviets were monsters, while twisting the history of the whole world.Do not buy this game!"
,Not Recommended,231430,35122352,Posted: 22 September,all,DesertedCake,I don't want these skins
,Not Recommended,231430,7980580,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Gorgeous Freeman,"Company of Heroes 2 sucks a ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ plain and simple.Oh, let's all get the warp whistle and warp to ""big world""! Too bad big world isn't ♥♥♥♥ing fun, like the rest of this game. The entire thing is designed to anger and frustrate you. Oh, you get Kuribo's shoe on one ♥♥♥♥ing level! Wow, pardon me while I make the universal motion for a handjob. Kuribo's shoe ♥♥♥♥ing sucked. What did it do, exactly? It let you JUMP ON THINGS, something you were able to do the entire ♥♥♥♥ing game. Oh, also you looked gay.There are some interesting power-ups in the game, such as Tanookie Mario, Hammer Mario, and Frog Mario. But guess what? You can get them on like 2 levels total, and if you ♥♥♥♥ up and get hit ONCE, you lose them, FOREVER. Wow, that's fun! I love games that demand I play perfectly or have no fun, because I'm a ♥♥♥♥ing jap who strives for absolute perfection in gaming otherwise I kill myself.Company of Heroes 2 may have been interesting or fun at one time, but the game is a worthless piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥in today's day and age. It's horribly flawed and full of punch-in-the♥♥♥♥♥♥moments, much more so than it has moments that are just fun to play."
76561198015769286,Recommended,231430,15010256,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,SH Southern,"A great addition to the ""Company of Heroes"" original.  With countless improvements, which take little time to get use to, and new weapons and vehicle classes that will truly change your way of approaching each new mission.  The re-playability of each mission/map only depends on your choice of opponent, AI or human.  Each brings with them new challenges and difficulty levels.  Overall a great game that I whole heartedly recomment to the RTS fan, or any gamer.  Enjoy."
76561198011730739,Recommended,231430,9965660,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Evil Obersoldat,Best stratagy game in my opinion. Also one of my top favorite games. I like almost everything about this game and was well worth the money of a small price of $14-15 (discount) if you like RTS games I would highly recommend this game to you.
76561198018229874,Not Recommended,231430,32918194,Posted: 28 June,all,^ Dan,"I miss COH the original, this is just a DLC s*** fest"
76561198009490052,Not Recommended,231430,10985463,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Dezorden,"The gameplay is great is one of the best RTS games, since the release of the new expansion western front armies the multiplayer was taken a great blow quality wise, the game is not rewarding the players for skill ,in game archevements, raising the rank or any other logic way, everything has been replace by a loot system ensuring that the players get reward by dumb luck,There is no incentive for the player to keep playing the game exept to sink counless hours for a meager reward,No reward for your actions, you got promoted ? you get nothing, you did well in the macth?.....you still get nothing, there is archivenment hunting or any in-game challanges? sadly nop.In 40+ hours i got nothing in this loot system that i had no already pay for on previous dlc's, some people have over 88 hours and still wating for their new commanders rewards.I will change this review as soon as they change this or improve the game as of right now I do not recommend this game or even playing it if you already have it, play a game that you are actually  getting rewarded for your time and skill."
76561198246197312,Not Recommended,231430,24213015,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Heinz Guderian,"I loved coh 1 but coh 2 is  absolutely terrible. Here are the problems:1-The matchmaking is absolutely awful, it seems like the exp points you gain mean nothing when it comes to matchmaking as you are teamed with players that are either less experienced than you or are really skilled.2-The game frequently crashes and the number of players that just drop 1 second after the game starts due to technical issues is very high.3- The graphics are not optimized at all.3-The factions are not balanced.The developers only want your money and nothing else. They don't give a damn about the quality of this series anymore."
,Not Recommended,231430,30036891,Posted: 19 February,all,[DEFN] Ultimatium,This game is very good with graphics and gameplay of the game but what turned me down was the in game micro transactions. Devs know that if they give you the premium currency very slowly you will just get frustrated and buy the microtransactions. those are justified in a free to play game but they are not justified in a WWII strategy game that costs 12$ andd up. after a few minutes of gameplay i refunded it.
,Recommended,231430,35050632,Posted: 18 September,all,Bastile.pumpkin,"Great WWII RTS game. Have enjoyed many hours trying out new units, strategies, mods, maps etc."
,Not Recommended,231430,14333570,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,SkeL,"This is not a great game as you've been thinking. Despite the historically innacurate soviet campaign (Im not from Russia, and its still bad) the game is full of bugs and the AI is incredible bad coded, compared to the first games of the series. Also the multiplayer is very unbalanced, the tank battles sucks, if you think your Tiger will be a great deal... better think it again.Also theres some videos on youtube with very useful reviews, talking about Relic...always see the reviews before buying their games and for this one...I dont recommend it, you be frustrated as hell...Heres one example of youtube review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2m4SCUaBHS8"
76561198030252880,Not Recommended,231430,14104153,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,TWManiac,"Overkill on the DLC, much? I knew it would kill the game when Sega bought it...just didn't know it would happen so fast."
,Not Recommended,231430,23451125,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Caligu1a [I.G.C],Farming mod was only counter to war spoils system being junk [banned].War spoils 2.0 [2+ years in the making] = junk; 99.99% of bulletins still worthless.DLC commanders = pay to win online.
76561198078299443,Not Recommended,231430,14584761,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Nukke92,Germans are unbeatable in multiplayer. Don't buy this game. instead buy the first one where there's a 50/50 chance to win not a 20/80. very very poor system they have set up for allies.
76561198142287790,Not Recommended,231430,16335660,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,privatepartz,"I downloaded the game, but when i started to play it, it said i only had the western front armies and i needed to download the eastern front soviet and german armies to even play the campaign. any suggestions on how to get the full game? when i go to the store it says its already in my library."
76561197983819065,Not Recommended,231430,9117063,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Entropy,network issues
,Not Recommended,231430,12456772,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Denimdude (Still vaguely Stable),"Company of Heroes 2, where do i start.First, id like to say i actually kind of enjoyed it. Until i started to play it longer than a few hours. The first thing that annoyed me was my mighty and powerful IS-2 heavy tank RUNNING THROUGH MY SNIPER NEST on its way to where i told it to go, so the pathfinding AI is occasionally bloody stupid and aggravating.Secondly, i honestly dont care what people say, mission 11 of the campaign is a screwed up mess, without ruining the wonderous story and what not, you are given 5 snipers and told to go kill 3 officers in 3 camps, each one with more defences than the last, simple right?Well no, its not that ""simple"" what it actually is, is you killing an officer, and every single soldier in the camp coming to kill your snipers. Anyone that knows the general rule of snipers knows snipers do not do well when in actual head on combat. This mission is that.Finally i noticed something strange in the skirmish mode, i was playing a community made map in a 4 V 4 (3 AI on my team, 4 on the other team) match and it took me THREE HOURS (as in 3 actual hours) to kill and defeat the other team, at least 2 of those hours were spent contending against the cheating AI who spawn engineers every single chance they get endlessly to repair their supposedly destroyed headquarters.So would i recommend this game? nope, i have a lot of problems with the game right now, ranging from its DLC model to the fact its just plain crap in comparison to the original, etc etc. My advice would be gift it to someone you dont like."
76561197998185489,Recommended,231430,8666958,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Mytrap,fun game action 90% of the time play with up to 4 of your friends
76561197969145048,Recommended,231430,13105759,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Erander♣,"Very very good rts, campaign and theater of war is kinda second time experience also newest ardennes assault i like it's idea. Multiplayer face computer or other players 1v1 or find team and go togheter. Game which needs strategy to master on if you new and think you already know how to play it's good so think again it only looksl ike easy game but this will take more than 100 hours to undearstand it good and over thousand to master. So i reocmmend this game to every rts fan this is one of the best ones we can find here."
,Recommended,231430,19127556,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,UnDanLink,"awesome game! it keeps you in the edge of intrest to the end! This is one of the best games what i have ever played. there have been fitted awesome gam seounds, bombs, weapons, explotions, air support and so on! and the graphics are amazing! YOU NEED TO BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,231430,9924078,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Mogz,"not as good as the first one, but still a good game none the less"
76561198001153242,Not Recommended,231430,7814835,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,WNxRav3,"Horrible optimization.... No SLI support. This is 2013,most high end rigs run dual GPU's. SUch a dissapointment"
,Not Recommended,231430,8684467,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Mr. Fancy Pants,"Seems virtually the same as C.o.H. 1, except less fluid. Yet another franchise that puts out the same product under a new name."
,Not Recommended,231430,8015862,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Semper Paratus,"It is actually pretty bad, with hugely unbalanced AI and extremely difficult resource system. This game makes it nearly impossible for you to win with any amount of help. While you are still struggling to gain resources for a light tank, your enemy is putting out high price advanced heavy tanks. The only way to win is to use historically accurate wave tactics."
,Not Recommended,231430,11078140,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Nipz,"This game has a huge potential to be great but at its current state,  I do not recommend anyone buy it unless it suddenly goes on 90% sale or something.I'll explain my reasons why.- The new war spoil system. Their new 'drop' type system is one that tries to copy Valve item drop systems in TF2, DotA and CSGO. In an effort to keep players playing, they made it so that an esimated, every 3 hours of of matches you play, you will get a random item drop. The only problem with this is its the only way to get drops. You can get duplicates of what you already own, drops are infrequent (3 hours of matches is about 6-10 matches) and there is no way to get an item you want unless you throw more time at this game like an idiot. Whereas in Valve games it had the store and market.- Western Fronts DLC. The new DLC released for this game is very unbalanced and unfinished. Which makes you wonder why they released it in the first place. First of all, a recent patch on July/3/2014 has nerfed United States Forces to be completely useless at all stages of the game. The German faction on the otherhand, the OberKommandoWest received massive buffs which makes you wonder if Relic, the creator of this game, is full of freedom hating nazi sympathizers.- No communication with fans. The developers are completely out of touch with their fans and playerbase. A recent video regarding the release of the new war spoils system features one of the developers going sky diving, dressed as a US airborne paratrooper. What makes him think that I want to watch him cosplay as a paratrooper while skydiving so he can explain to me his new♥♥♥♥♥♥system? The money would've been better spent paying an intern to compile a list of the community's praise and complaints of the game. Instead he chose to waste a ton of company money so he could have the playerbase watch himpublicly masturbateskydive.The developers of this game doesn't listen to their fans and does whatever they want. They are only interested in farming this unbalanced game with broken features to idiots with money. If you believe you are not an idiot with money, don't buy this game."
76561198035334367,Not Recommended,231430,30017747,Posted: 18 February,all,Tengri Khan,It was a great game before the updates.Its DLC s are way too expensive for their contents and the developers keep f*cking the Axis factions with downgrades and boosting the Allies with new advantages.The multiplayer is unplayable right now.If you never play this and thinking to buy it for its multiplayer just DONT.I guess the developers will keep licking the American's balls for more money and destroy the game until its totally unplayable
,Not Recommended,231430,11078611,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,stormarmy,"The game itself is very enjoyable, not enough variety in units I personally don't think but a mod would fix that quite nicely.The main issue with the game is the steam servers it runs on, as there was a huge transitioning error in the switch, which appears to not have been resolved. The issue involved a time lag that increased in length as the game went on, starting at seconds, ending in minutes. This has still not been resolved as I and others are still experiencing this and even after hundreds of complaints from myself and many others, and a substantial period of time, it still has not been fixed and it needs to be urgently looked at."
,Recommended,231430,25614211,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Anne Frank the M4 Battle Tank,"Yeah sure the Axis and Allies are unbalanced, but the real bias is toward the red team, you just lose to them the most."
76561197998982746,Not Recommended,231430,24067410,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ssg.nattyice 🚀,Not nearly as good as the first one. I highly recommend the first one over this.
,Not Recommended,231430,23829793,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,HotPizzaBox,The original CoH under THQ was fantastic. Sega got their grubby little hands on it and turned the franchise into a cash grab. Microtransactions and incompetent developers.There is no longer any need to play with a strategy.
,Not Recommended,231430,19780962,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,[Merc][17e] Kais,Unbalance + fckd up servers
,Recommended,231430,29960514,Posted: 16 February,all,Zeit Dero,"I once fought a battle of annihilation against a foe for control over three bridges. The long back-and-forth struggle to seize a foothold beyond the river left the two southern crossings destroyed, and myself decidedly on the defensive.Earlier, my bitter retreat across the middle span, fought just to buy my engineers enough time to demolish the traverse and delay my rival's advance, had cost me the bulk of my complement. Indeed, the brutal attrition reduced my forces to merely a pair of depleted rifleman squads and an antiaircraft half-track. The adversary quickly seized his opportunity, and readied an offensive to take the northern crossing. Anticipating that the Germans would act swiftly, I maneuvered my pitiful army in a desperate bid to delay the inevitable.To serve as a screen for my sole remaining vehicle, I hastily positioned my undermanned troops behind a ruined wall for what I recognized to be the last firefight of the match. As they stared down the barrels of their weapons into the fog of war, they grasped that we had no hope of winning, but not a soul entertained any thought of retreat. Such was the mettle of men those days.Out of the darkness rose a faint whine. My boys shifted nervously as the wail grew into a hellish crescendo that I knew all to well. On the far bank, a Tiger appeared on approach, her monstrous proportions dwarfing even the wrecked Shermans and Panzer IVs that her mudguards tossed aside. This infernal machine spearheaded a column of battle-hardened and well-equipped grenadiers, their eyes fixed on the defenceless bridgehead that so many of their Kameraden had fallen in vain to capture. Vengeance burned in their hearts, and the reckoning was soon upon us.As the opposition charged toward my beleaguered defenders, the lines exchanged withering salvos. In a gesture of futility, I rolled my M15A1 forward, within range of the attackers, and pinned them in the mud of the riverbank. In response, my opponent ordered his mechanical beast to cross, planning to bring her fearsome 88mm gun to bear. Outrageously, my nemesis then called down a strafing run on my infantry, killing them to a man. How could such cruelty exist in a world where my soldiers had displayed such honor only moments before? I cursed bitterly as my GIs' bloody limbs rained through the billowing smoke and dust that shrouded the battlefield, and prepared to surrender.Suddenly, to the astonishment of all, my AA half-track, in a burst of autocannon fire, downed the Stuka, and the flaming wreckage crashed into the weakened trestles, which gave way. The deck collapsed under the enormous weight of the tank, plunging the crew and the surrounding infantrymen to their watery graves. Only a handful of survivors remained, trapped and suppressed on the near bank, where my M15A1's machine guns made mincemeat of them.I then rebuilt my forces, crossed the river, and vanquished the enemy."
76561198032107646,Recommended,231430,9175129,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Pigward of Hamarina,"You know a game is good when losing hurts so bad. Everyone wants to win, and when they don't, they write a negative review and ragequit. Anything to avoid admitting you simply got bested by a better team. This game is intense, skill-based, beautiful and addictive."
76561198115712740,Recommended,231430,14768169,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Miraak The first Dragonborn,Best WWII RTS strategy game of all time :)NO MORE WORDS....10/10
76561198006674371,Recommended,231430,9514742,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,앗 ↣ 붓,"All the bad reviews are really unfair. This is a one of the best RTS ever. Hours and hours of fun! Promise! The play to win aspect people is writing about is exaggerated. If you loose its easy to blame P2W instead of improving your tactics. You dont have to buy extra commanders to win. There is really no P2W to talk about here. Adding more commanders just adds more diversity. Anyway the game is available at a reasonable price now, so you should be able to afford an extra commander if you feel like it.Buy this game! Playing this game online is really great fun, and after all these years they finally got it working right...."
76561198104066044,Recommended,231430,18849143,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,QQSB,Stop complaining about the microtransactions. This is the best RTS/ WWII game.
,Not Recommended,231430,14494706,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Simmons,This game doesn't work do not buy.
,Not Recommended,231430,12373845,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Nasty_Mike2004,"Gameplay is ok, not as good as COH1. The main problem is all the DLCs. Why would you have 50dlcs for a full priced game ? And if you own some of the DLCs you have advantage over other players. Shouldn't  rts be all about fair play, like starcraft 2 , for example ?"
76561198023400310,Recommended,231430,15190891,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Bendmind,Best rts game i've ever played!
,Recommended,231430,14759426,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Hakuryuutei,"This is a great game if you are a fan of RTS ww2 games. Ofcourse it has its pros and cons. It is trying to be realistic but it fails to deliver that sometimes. ex. sherman easy eight (76mm cannon) shoots in the middle of enemy rifleman squad and no one dies, or you throw a grenade in the middle of a enemy troops and nobody even gets hurt, units fail to aim, those are mostly the things that bother me, other than that the game is very good but then there are cheaters.. yeah cheaters, drop hackers, you enter game, kick enemy♥♥♥♥♥and guess what? u get disconnected and he wins because of the drop hax.I really recommend this game if you can handle with a bit of unrealism and sometimes even cheaters. if you love ww2 rts games then this is probly a game for you.pros:+ gameplay+ graphics+ units+ voicesCons:- Unbalanced- cheaters (duh) (but  pretty rare to stumble upon one)- a bit of unrealism sometimes- Anti-tank grenades always destroy engine even if thrown at front of the tank- units accuracy (90% of time they wont even hit a guy whos running towards your men and manages to run by them escaping -,-)"
,Recommended,231430,28361145,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Matu 💘,"amazing game 10/10. Great graphics 10/10, story game 10/10i like the history of World War II"
,Recommended,231430,11164020,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Nataraja  | ن٥ﻻ ﻉ√٥ﺎ ٱ |TM|,"Take it. If you like the genre, this particular game gives one of the most gritty and dynamic battlefields that currently have an active playerbase."
,Recommended,231430,29819961,Posted: 10 February,all,irreverentbear,"Easily one of the best WW2 RTS games out there, graphics and story are nothing special but gameplay and online matches are where this game shines! I'd like to get into this game a little more but I was put off by its mediocre campaigns (which are only 2, the other one you have to pay for as DLC jeez) since I'm the kind of player that prioritizes plot amongst other things. I highly recommend this game to any RTS fans out there, but if you plan on buying the DLC's along with the base game I would suggest waiting for a sale, a really, really big sale like I did. The DLC's are way overpriced and if I didnt know better CoH2 resembles a skeleton of a game without the expansions and DLC's, I feel bad for those who bought this game at day one."
,Recommended,231430,16560970,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,mousetrapreplica[TSC],"the best world war 2 RTS in existence, men of war be damned. all around stellar visuals and sound design combine with an evident passion for  making compelling strategy games, all based around the mass industrialized slaughter of the second world war. gameplay has been honed to a razors edge over innumerable patches, and mod support has finally been given some attention."
76561198172151202,Recommended,231430,16009638,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,IceCreamDragon,"Company of Heroes 2 is a great RTS game. It plays well, looks great and feels authentic when you play it. The war spoils drops can be disappointing, but overall I highly recommend this. The campaign also feels fresh and the missions offer a great variety of tactics and strategy, with very few missions being too similar. If you enjoy a good RTS, you would do well to check this out!With the release of 3 DLC multiplayer factions, the games longevity is astounding."
76561197990015818,Recommended,231430,15926634,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,2142,If your a FAN of RTS this is one of the best ones around. Don't miss out on it.
,Recommended,231430,15999048,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,HeLMuT,"This game is great!!!  I know its not CoH1,.... but that's fine, it's just as good, but a little tiny bit different. Everyone crying about it not being as good as the first installment is just not good with change. If Relic would have just made the same game but with better graphics, which is what these people wanted, then everyone would bash them for doing that instead. ANyways, if you want to know if this game is for you, go to youtube or twitch and watch some gameplay vids,"
76561198006847819,Recommended,231430,7755908,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Felinewolfie,"Love this game. It's not perfect, but even COH1 wasn't perfect when it came out. People forget that.I am - SO - happy they released mapbuilding tools :D"
76561198109939402,Recommended,231430,13485774,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,NewYorkTaco,it is fun and you intireck with loads of people good all round game
,Recommended,231430,13577075,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Blyatman,Awesome !
76561198031359011,Recommended,231430,9648722,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Dib19,"One of my favorite RTS games, really fun"
76561198004676262,Recommended,231430,9656686,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,sharemyvalue,"Vast improvement over COH , faster game paces , more realistic weather system . But you need 8G RAM for smooth gameplay and better experience."
76561198041235420,Recommended,231430,10863664,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,LIJ,best rts ever 10//10
76561198041079195,Recommended,231430,12990224,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Bob the Plumber Dude,"Pros:-Graphics look good if your PC can handle it.- Multiplayer is fun,a lthough there are balancing issues, exclusively on the German side.- MODS-Ardennes Assault is coming out soon.-MORE MODS-AI Holdout on Hochwald Gap is just as fun with friends in CoH 2 as it was in the original.-The 4 Factions offer very unique playstyles. They are as follows:Soviet = Constant offense, neverending pressure. Conscripts ensure infantry fighting stay on the front lines longer, AT guns doubles as field artillery, T34 is an excellent tank, SU-85s kill other tanbks, IS-2s & ISU 152s crush everything in their wake.Wehrmacht Ostheer = Balanced. Bunkers, Pak 43s, arty make for great defense. Grenadiers and PGs keep the pressure up early-on while Pz. IVs & Panthers round out late-game. Plus, Tiger Ace used to be by far and away the most OP unit in the game before it was nerfed. (Look it up on Youtube)OKW = Overpowered like you wouldn't believe. Sturmpioneers crush other factions main infantry, all the variants of the SkDfz half-track, KT devastates all beneath it.US = Great combined arms. Riflemen are great infantry, M4A3 Shermans are the most versatile tank in the game, Jacksons kick @$$, best default commanders imo, but oh my god the U.S. is such a stressful faction to play as. DO NOT PLAY THEM FOR YOUR 1st TIME.- More Commanders than the original; an overall plus in my book.- The price is going down with age.-I said MODS, right? Wait, I didn't?! Well, ok then. MODZ.Cons:- I'll start with the biggest fault the game has by far. Commanders cost $3.99 each, skins are about $1.99 each, the different ToW are expensive, even faceplates cost $$$. This game is focused a lot on DLC content you have to pay for, so if you want a solid game that you can play without buying any DLC, don't even think about playing CoH 2. Stick to or go and get CoH 1 and download the multitudes of amazing mods available for it. Three that spring to mind are the Eastern Front mod, Blitzkrieg Mod, and Modern Combat. A zombie mod is on its way as well. (Looks f&%king fantastic!)- Coming in at the #2 fault is the ""Politically unbiased"" campaign. I won't even speak of it, look it up on Youtube and you'll see what I mean.- Relic's servers (at least for me) are about as reliable and problem-free as a retiree's erection.- Soviet doctrine dictates around Conscripts who are very cheap and die very often. Doesn't offend me because I'm not Russian, but if you are, that's a legit thing.- Going through a teen pregnancy is less stressful then playing as the U.S.- $40 for Ardennes Assault pre-order?! Really?!-  One thing I personally liked about CoH 1 is how the Commander you chose really dictated how you would play and would change the faction up immensely. Pros could see how the enemy was going to play their game based on the Commander they chose, and that could be a big edge towards you.  With CoH2, each faction has a set playstyle (e.g. Soviets are constant offense, Wehrmacht Ostheer have the best defensive options, etc.) and Commanders don't have the impact they had in CoH 1, although there are more of them.That's it for pros and cons. Overall, I reccomend this game. I personally love it, and there are some Commanders you get for free if you level up enough, so its not required to buy them. However, the free commanders are pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ imo. The price isn't too bad of a wallet r@pe considering the product. Plus, Ardennes Assault is coming out, which has an ever-shifting campaign similar to FTL. Just don't buy anything extra and you should be fine."
76561198079096401,Recommended,231430,8129648,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Emperors Champion Dragos,"Great Game , Great Story *Mostly* Yes its not entirely true but its intriguing!!! I love all of these CoH Games and I hope they keep coming!"
76561198021016155,Recommended,231430,13376093,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Teehew.King,"Awesome game! Come on! Bring the Italian, Japs Forces! Pacific Theater maybe!"
76561197973274253,Recommended,231430,621755,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,troy,buy this ASAP !
,Recommended,231430,17720891,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Lazyboy,"Panda, Panda!"
76561198027060877,Recommended,231430,12507677,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,apollo19creed,"I have been playing this game since just after its release (over 200 hours played according to steam) .  Endlessly fun just duking it out over a Bridge with friends.  Normally I grow tired of a game after maybe 50 hours, but something keeps bringing me back to Company of Heroes 2.I wish they could have integrated the old armies from the original COH into this game (the brits in particular).  You can tell they tried to make up for that gap with the Western Front expansion, however the Americans have to hard a time fending off the heavy tanks of the germans and russians.  America has to utilize 80-90% of its forces to repel a german attack that consists of just two heavy tanks and some light support (Infantry). That being said, it can be frustrating, but easily worked around if you play with an ally that can call in heavy tanks.Just because I know it was such an issue when it came out... War Spoils. Despite the thousands of comments in the forums bashing Relic for ruining the game and making things unfair... I actually quite enjoy war spoils. I'm not trying to sound noble, but I play this game to have fun pure and simple.  I could care less what camo pattern I use. On occasion I unlock something from the War Spoils drop and I get a little glimmer of excitement like when I first started playing this game. Playing games for the soul objective of getting ""drops"" at the end of the match is sure to frustrate you as I can tell you firsthand that its not uncommon for me to go 6+ hours of gameplay (multiplayer) with no drops.Now for anybody still reading this and is new to this game you may have not the slightest idea what I just babbled on about. Not to fret, COH2 is endless fun and if you are not sure about it put it on your wishlist.  When this game goes on sale they usually bring it down to $4.99.Cheers!"
76561198014061561,Recommended,231430,17571203,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,White_AfricanZA,"Top of the RTS at the moment, takes a while to get into but its worth it"
,Recommended,231430,13484214,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,burningmiles -ARF-,"Great game if you like the WO2 late 1945 setting, I had tons of fun only doenst play as smooth as COH 1, but its a different game. Still waiting for the Brits / common wealth faction to show up, but i hate the fact that its alll DLC commanders that got the cool stuff.. But if you got a buddy its tons of fun to play onlinePointers:Great for online playSlow pace RTSWO2 settingsRealismeCheers"
76561198146300695,Recommended,231430,12748975,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,manos2308 | pvpro.com,"Very addictive game, very well designed and became one of my favourites and highly recomended.Everything in this game seems to work perfect and my only objection is the plot of the main campaign.The game script is foccusing a lot to the bad side of Soviet history, perhaps, trying to satisfy some of the western players. I know that, it is just a game, but the script was annoying to some extend, although i am not Russian.My score is 9.5/10If you are Russian 9/10 and you should play it, just to hear the officer's call:""FOR RODINA.... FOR MOTHER LAND..."" :)By the way, i am Greek and my country suffered 800.000 losses during this disgusting war.For those who dont know history, Soviet Union suffered more than 15.000.000 losses (!!!!) and their soldier's sacrifice stoped the fascist expantion all over Europe.(Thank GOD...)P.S.Playing this game, i felt happy, thinking that our world is peacefull (more or less).Keep it that way please, because war gives birth not only to heroes, but also to monsters.Who is the hero and who is the monster is to be decided by the winers and after millions of deaths."
,Recommended,231430,7700420,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,A Russian Guy,"Awesome!EDIT: Still awesome, I find it way better than CoH 1 series. But, the skill of the game is simply too low, people really don't know how to play it, even through these many years.. Even the streamers in the scene are nabs. And singleplayer doesn't help..... CoH 2's Expert Bots are like CoH 1's Hard Bots."
76561198005443625,Recommended,231430,13594282,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,um | wartist,"If you have played CoH1, your first impression will be ""this game is a huge disappointment"". But as you play more, you will see some mechanics changed to better and playability is different from CoH1 not worse. More realistic, and more cruel from CoH1. Spamming is no longer solution of every problem. There is not any super unit that is unbeatable. Buying some in-game content with money is always annoying. This is the major bad side of the game."
,Recommended,231430,14161021,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Pucker™,"4v4 Starts match as British, gets 2 USF and a SU for Ally, face 4 OKW, rush for Fuel, put Bofors down, Volk-blob tries to rush, it gets wipedout, Axis Rage Tommies OP, get nerfed into Cottage Pie, 10/10 would get nerfed by Lelic Again"
,Recommended,231430,15346102,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,The Amish Goat-Man,"As a Company of Heroes ""veteran"", I understand how the game is played or should be played. I call myself a ""veteran"" not because I am fantastically amazing at the game because I'm not. I call myself a veteran because I have played almost everything Company of Heroes related. I played Company of Heroes 1, Company of Heroes Online (when it was still active), all of the expansions to Company of Heroes 1, and Company of Heroes 2. I have yet to get the Ardennes Assault DLC though I do have the Western Front Armies pack. From my experinces on Company of Heroes 1, the game can get very competitive. But it's not a right competitiveness. The competition someone will face in Company of Heroes Multiplayer is one that will only irritate you and make you want to sling your computer out of the window from the frustration that will follow. Why so much irritation and frustration you may ask? It isn't because that people play right and fair. It's because nobody does anything original. Every match you enter, you will be facing someone who will more than likely do one of three things. 1: They wil spam non-stop throughout the entirity of the match. 2: They will spam Commander abilities in your base non-stop. 3: They will do both of the above. Now these ""tactics"" that I have listed are moer relevant to Company of Heroes 2 that Company of Heroes 1 because Commander abilities in Company of Heroes 1 were much more limited and much more expensive and harder to spam due to map design for resources. But as a personal experience from a Company of Heroes 2 match, I counted that my opponent used the IL-2 Gun Strafe a grand total of 28 times. But if someone were to buy this game, I would suggest they only fight AI battles and play the campaign. Anyone who does that will have more fun than anyone who attempts to fight others in multiplayer. In my personal opinion, the campaign for Company of Heroes 2 was a great story but some of the missions were ridiculously hard because of what you are given to fight with. Overall, I would rate the campaign a 7/10 just because of the sheer impossibility of some missions. Compared to Company of Heroes 1's campaign, Company of Heroes 2's campaign added more of a personal face to a different side of the war. Company of Heroes 1's campaign gave a great history of how World War II unfolded on the Western Front. Now multiplayer, I would rate about 4/10 just because of the people who play on it. AI battles would be a 9/10 just because the AI progressively advances the longer the match lasts. The overall game of Company of Heroes 2, however, I would rate a 6/10 with everything mixed together. Though multiplayer on Company of Heroes 2 has made me more angry than Call of Duty (which enrages me nearly every time I play) at times, the game is a definate improvement over Company of Heroes 1 in game-play effects and balancing and new play styles that came from the addition of True Sight. But all in all, this game is only for someone who enjoys playing with friends because playing with strangers is out of the question."
45756879078345453,Recommended,231430,12961618,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Suicidal Bread,ITs Good
,Recommended,231430,11944243,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,-=WT=-Legion,"Had been waiting a long time for this sequel, following on from CoH1 and its ""expansions"" and mods. Not quite how i'd expected it, but its ticking all the boxes, with a very flexible and ever changing force line up. recommend it to anyone who loves their WW2 games and RTS's"
76561198062776511,Recommended,231430,12674155,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Tyras Snail,A really great game.  One of the best Strategy games I've ever played.  I fully recommend this game.
,Recommended,231430,7835051,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,zerix.m,just mising more units and biger mpas ! ay
76561198007628459,Not Recommended,231430,14891658,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,LTdaz,"Core game is typical CoH which is to say it's pretty good. But the business approach in nickel and diming its fans is just deplorable. You need to pay for everything if you want to get beyond the bare offering of the campaign, one theater of war, two sides. I would still recommend this game if the prices are at least reasonable but they are ridiculous. $12 just so you can play as US? Why isn't US included since I already brought Ardenne Assault?"
76561198020510774,Not Recommended,231430,15068061,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,twrtramp,Worked once then reverted to the purchase screen again and never worked again.
76561198066129696,Not Recommended,231430,15196667,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Sir Loin Of Beef,"This game goes against what historians say about what happened in the eastern front and gets it all wrong in the story line, everyting from Order 227 to Scorched Earth policy is potrayed wrongly but it's made by relic and relic is a canadian company. First off Order 227 is potrayed as this order that if soviet troops retreat they will be shot as soon as they make it back to their commander, in real life they would have been shot but only for desertion and they would have been given a warning before they were shot. Second the scorched earth policy is potrayed as an order given by stalin to destroy all buildings and material before retreating from your position, in real life building that wern't occupied by civillians were desginated for destruction and the material was to be used to slow the enemy advance. The only good thing about this game is the gameplay in multiplayer mode. And after this games failed launch were it recived heavy criticisem from eastern europeans, relic soon came out with the western front allies which really is just a new version of company of heroes one. what keeps this game going is the mountain of Steam workshop items that can be downloaded a good amount are good some are bad but there is maps, tuning packs that improve game play or give you diffrent/extra units and win condition where it modifies how you win a match.In world war 2 one shot from a ISU-152 was able to destroy a panzer 4 with one shot in this game a panzer 4's main 75mm gun with standard shell can rip apart a ISU when hitting the frontal armor when a the front armor of a ISU was able to defeat the 75mm shell.The AI DO NOT pay resource cost by this I mean if a machine gun and crew cost 300 man power the AI pays nothing I've been in matchs against AI that 1 minute into the match they have 4 MG's and like 10 squads of infantry where I have like 4 squads and 1 MG and I have spent all man power on these units and you could push the enemy back to their base and they have no resource income but they will still field a bunch of infantry and spawn a heavy tank."
,Not Recommended,231430,15281811,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,DrDubbs,"DO NOT buy this game. They over price expansion content. Multiplayer is wayyyyy un-balanced in favor of Germans and you play the same multiplayer maps, over and over and over. There is no incentive to level in PVP. And the rewards are minor buffs, what good is a 3% buff?"
76561197996471281,Not Recommended,231430,15752930,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Grimreaper.dk,"COH was better. COH 2 looks worse, plays worse, and doesnt capure the same feel as being there."
76561198007730439,Not Recommended,231430,15855528,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,rm,cant save in campaign. seem more interested in selling you dlc.
76561198053624932,Not Recommended,231430,16682999,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Lanivaan,"Its not good, not interesting. It doesnt make you wanna play hours and hours like Coh 1."
76561198062674403,Not Recommended,231430,8784398,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,WackyWill,"Just buy the fist one. It has a lot less stratergy involved, basically throw you troops and the enemy and the game is just rubbish compared to the first"
76561198031397287,Not Recommended,231430,9241291,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,haijikai2,"While I do enjoy the play and of course think it was long overdue that they ""Officially"" did the Eastern Front, I find myself not at all happy with certain aspects of the game.  I find I vastly enjoyed the ""fan made"" expansion of the original CoH better.  And being a historian find a great distaste at the anti-soviet/russian propaganda used in this latest game."
76561198001701170,Not Recommended,231430,9945204,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,lu_xun700,"Company of Heroes 2 is everything that the first game wasn't; it's freaking terrible. AI mortars on YOUR TEAM will bomb YOUR mortars! AI tanks just sit on the bridge, blocking your units advancements, and giving victory to your opponent. AI units have horrific tracking and can't find their way to places. AI allies REFUSE to fight the enemy. AI enemies have UNLIMITED RESOURCES. The two sides have IDENTICAL UNITS ALMOST. The game CRASHES FREQUENTLY! This is just the short list of everything wrong with this game. If I haven't detered you from getting it, then it's your money wasted. This game isn't even worth getting if it's on sale! Every mechanic in the game is broken, and Relic refuses to fix it, instead insisting on making a REHASH OF THE FIRST GAME THAT WILL SUCK HUGE BALLS!Please, please for the love of god, don't buy this game. In fact, we should all write letters to Relic telling them how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a developer they've become!"
,Not Recommended,231430,12566918,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Lofa,"Summary: The base game is not as good as the original company of heroes - either the campaign or multiplayer.I played CoH2 in beta and then on a couple of the free weekends (without any DLC) - both the campaign and multiplayer. I didn't enjoy the slow campaign start (played up to mission 4), slogging slowly through snow with little choice over which units you field and inconsistent story mechanics (I can capture some vehicles like half tracks - but not others like abandoned tanks). The cold/heat mechanic was an irritation that I also didn't enjoy."
76561197993921583,Not Recommended,231430,12569351,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Ulyssies,One of my favorite games of all time. Except after they released a patch making me 100% unable to play online. Every game I lag minutes behind until I d/c. Have spent hours trying to fix and as an expereinced IT guy I'm more adept at troubleshooting than most. Very upset. It's been months now. Give me my damn game back!
76561198092143814,Not Recommended,231430,12698474,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Martinthespartan,"It caused all my steam games to crash, and its become laggish all of a sudden"
76561197973231536,Not Recommended,231430,13208853,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Bult,Not to worry - I didn't buy it BECAUSE of the DLC BS. O well - maybe it will be 80% off some time - and then I still won't buy it because of YOUR ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T DLC business model :)
76561198031755529,Not Recommended,231430,13620963,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Hoferman,"I was excited to play the game when I got because I loved playing COH1 with its nice graphics and gameplay. i would get 60 fps on COH1 settings on high thinking my computer will handle this game, WRONG, i put the settings for everything on the bare minimum and i get 2 fps......... really, the graphics are more ♥♥♥♥♥ier than COH1 yet it LAGSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSs"
,Not Recommended,231430,14908137,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Genesis,Badly optimised and a pure dissapointment after the first incredible game.
76561197977864255,Not Recommended,231430,12542670,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Mr. Nix,"good game. BUT the first was more intense and more units on the field. thisone has better grafik but thats it. the contryes you play is awesome (if you don´t need to buy all expansions all the time for the contryes you normaly play. :/ I will not throw more then 10£ for the expansion packs, because it is not worth paying for full game for what they made for the first game."
76561197970973269,Not Recommended,231430,12545273,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,dalmac,My only thing is who ever play tested the second mission and having the flamthrower burn the haystacks. needs to be fired on the spot. You cannot burn the dam haystack hence you cannot complete the second mission. Makes the Horrible amount of DLC useless. Be nice games released a game and not some half finished crap you need the first 5 DLC to even have a complete game. This DLC games is getting old. Give us a full game then DLC fine but this is getting stupid and just plain out of money and nohting else. Might as well be EA
,Not Recommended,231430,13767752,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Brato,"Had every Relic game, but this one is a biiiiiiiig disapointment.Long time relic supporter, but not anymore."
76561197972381157,Not Recommended,231430,13769329,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Glen Tennis,"really disappointing sequel to COH. Gameplay is not as fluid, it is much more difficult to get into compared to COH."
76561198052320356,Recommended,231430,21430736,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,S.T.A.L.K.E.R,The campaign is quiet bland but apart from that one of the best strategy games out there
76561198161811563,Recommended,231430,21346147,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Dr. Duck,"Great RTS game, love it.Best world war 2 RTS game."
76561198173729842,Recommended,231430,21347012,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Unit46,"I like the game but I don't play campaingh (sry bad english) this game is called company of HEROS they show the brits and u.s.a as heros but the russians are portrayed as Ruthless, cold hearted and people that kill more of thier own men than Nazis. I mean the russians did kill thier own men for DESSERTION they didn't burn down houses with there own civiliens inside and they wouldn't burn their own men who OBAYED orders in fields either good skirmish battles but russian campiaghn is just so inaccurate and don't portray the russians as heros and you have to pay to be the brittish witch P*sses me of because I'm brittish and want to play as my own country for free !!!also why are there female voces for brittish SOLDIERS!!!!!"
,Recommended,231430,21349880,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,lllATTABOYlll,How to review a game on steam:Share your experience with game.How people review games on steam:Give buisiness advice to developers.The future of how people will review games on steam:Oh God...
,Recommended,231430,21351952,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,The wanderer,it is a very good rts game because you need to coordinate your troops so that you will be victorious one wrong move can be devastating also the multiplayer is also challanging because you also have to coordinate with you teamates in order to win
76561197976772555,Recommended,231430,21353441,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Pozeek,More fun than a barrel of Monkeys!!
,Recommended,231430,21598185,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Abisdeh,it's just like the previous CoH with snow additive..
,Recommended,231430,21851582,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,♠Kingsman'Galahad,นับว่าทำดีสำหรับเกมส์แนววางแผนสงครามโลกภาค 2!! สนุกดีครับผมหาข้อดีได้แค่เนียกอะ ข้อเสีย 1.เกมส์โครตแพง 2.สัมพันธมิตรเสียเปรียบอักษะตอนท้ายเกม 3.ตัว company of heroes ardennes assault เล่นออนไล์ไม่ได้แถมแพงมากๆ 4.ผู้การ สกิลรถถัง พื้นหลัง มีราคาที่โครตแพง . . . dlc Mission ต่างๆนี้ก็ไม่ต้องพูดถึง
,Recommended,231430,15091966,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Στρατάρχας φον Χούτζεντορφ,"It is great, and the workshop only compliments it even further, I do not regret buying it."
,Recommended,231430,15820262,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,I was only trying help,Extremely addictive game although i for a higher war spoils drop count
76561197996962681,Recommended,231430,15228700,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Redleg Reaper,"Fantastic continuation of the series, although I wish there were more specialized generals to choose from"
76561198073684939,Recommended,231430,18888595,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,By Clame,The strategy game that Relic wantsu to buy every single country by putting them as an wp faction for the first week and then like  the brits and okw and then patching them ...Worth playing with friends challenging at times but rewarding when u have done an excellent flanking manoever ..i SUGGEST byuing it when  steam sales.sr for the english
,Recommended,231430,9143342,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Lord Penguin,Brilliant Gameplay loved every moment so far!!!!
76561198065411516,Recommended,231430,20179470,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Quirky Asian,"Company of Heroes 2 is a fine game with pretty good gameplay and the campaign is ""eh"". But what I really love is mostly the mutiplayer and when you grab a couple of friends you're sure to have a blast. But I think that having to buy more DLCs on the other hand to have a feel for the what its like to be Op. But in overall its a pretty fun game when you spam blobs of guys and mortar the hell out of the enemy players base"
76561198076370579,Recommended,231430,6823621,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Nosthedeer,"A strategy game that actually takes war of maneuver into action the ability to flank the enemy and the realistic factors, such as flanking a tank and hitting its side to disable its engine is ingenius. A great game for WW2 buffs and those that generally like the WW2 era and genre for gaming."
76561197995762111,Recommended,231430,11773403,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Babrbarossa,Much like the first with some improvements for battlefield tactics - a little too busy for my laid back style compared to the first but still a decent revamp of my all time favorite RTS game.
,Recommended,231430,14442687,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,«AS» SteelWolfe,As good as the first one is this one is even better! Definitely a must have if you're into these kinda games.
,Recommended,231430,17451802,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,xDuke,At least 1000 playing hours.Anything else you need to kow?
76561198031622864,Recommended,231430,16519965,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Dirty_Herbert,"Too much random chance, too many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t moments, and too many times have i played fully vet teams and been obliterated!Yet this game keeps bringing me back. The random chance makes the game unique for a strategy game, the bull moments are managable but yeah they are sometimes a bit too much...The games good, i play way too much of it. Seriously probably one of my fav games of all time.However simplified from CoH1 but some of the mechanics then were just... to complicated and were just pointless for gameplays sake."
,Recommended,231430,14649512,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Awakas,epic
,Recommended,231430,19409597,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,[KGB] Better Metal Bloodaxe,"Excellent balancing and continued support. Relic has done a great job with this game, especially after releasing the new factions. The only shortcomings of this game are the complicated price tags for commanders/DLC/expansions which adds too many varying things to the game. Western Fronts Armies is an expansion adding 2 Multiplayer only factions, whereas Ardennes Assault expansion only adds a Singleplayer expansion (which uses the faction introduced in WFA)... confusing, so check out the reddit page for full details.Other than the marketing system, the graphics are great, gameplay fluid and online community acceptable as a whole. Modding tools and map making abilities are available too. A great game to play with friends and don't be afraid to automatch!"
76561198078032223,Recommended,231430,12572017,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Drumgo Boy,♥♥♥♥ yea!!!
76561198085088553,Recommended,231430,7073931,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,MiSS_Natasha,супер игра )
76561198064755737,Recommended,231430,10673127,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,raymogarc,"Very fun and entertaining  game, A great take on the RTS genre which I feel like has been laking good games for a long time."
76561198077563725,Recommended,231430,7857036,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,SchoneFraulein69,"Fantastic game, Great graphics, the sound effects and epic music can get you into it. Intense, literally heart-pounding and fast-paced gameplay. Really makes you feel like a commander in an all or nothing war of extermination. My favorite PC game. Be warned, the game is not friendly to noobs or old♥♥♥♥♥computers. Great multipyer community, hardcore though. Loads of content."
,Recommended,231430,13293187,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,xXKiller_BotXx,kill nazis so they don't get social security 10/10
76561197994631711,Recommended,231430,21271724,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Obersoldat,its ok
76561198076599099,Recommended,231430,14466872,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,=[ECR]= drunkmonk,coh>ROme2
,Recommended,231430,23764037,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,DragonSeeker,Good game.  Love CoH since it came out.
,Recommended,231430,19803693,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Timothy E. Upham,Hans! Hans!
76561198063247442,Recommended,231430,16913808,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Jordanecus,Great game IMO. Needs to be more frequient drops for playing a match.
76561198057352839,Recommended,231430,18044743,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Dominzki,Me like it
76561198118167232,Recommended,231430,23803484,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Whackapus,"This is a game that always surprises you. The checks and balances and counter system works really well. You can have many different strats with the same ""country"", but you can also switch and play as different ""countries"" and try them out. This game is also supported to this day. Steep initial learning curve but trust me, it is worth it. You can also buy one of the standalone DLCs first for a lower price to see if you like it. Dont trust the lower reviews, they are just raging about new patches nerfing some of their OP stuff.-QUICK POINTS--plentiful workshop mods-still an engaged comun.-better w/ friends-looks good-cheap-in depth map creator"
,Recommended,231430,26302685,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,FoxFort,"I remember when I was a kid and spending time playing CoH vs my good friends. Awesome time.Fast forward now into 2016 with CoH2 here. Not much has been changed from original CoH, gameplay is the same, graphics are improved, the weather effect super awesome and campaign for Soviets is like it was produced by Nazis... wtf...But Skirmish/Multiplayer is where CoH shines and CoH2 is doing a good job here.I bought it with 75% discount with all DLC included for 14€. Which is more than a good price for a full package.Pros:- Graphics- Sound- Singleplayer (skirmish)- Theater of war- Multiplayer- Total of 5 playable factions (with DLCs)- Ablity to change units CamouflageCons:- Soviet Campaign (Joseph Goebbels would be pleased)- Microtransactions- Limited number of unit types to produce (depending of Commander, you can get stuck only with bolt rife units)- Instead of having simple Doctrines to choose you have Commanders who are limited.- Small amount of user created mods (a big minus)Overall it's a good game and I recommend it, maybe not for a full price, but I recommend it anyway.Also as Assault Squad 2 fan:CoH2 for Infantry combatAS2 for armor combat"
76561198145224386,Recommended,231430,11273625,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Otto Carius,"Супер, покупате, не пожелеете!!!"
,Recommended,231430,10898748,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,compano,single  player bad multiplayer good
76561198048295065,Recommended,231430,5347633,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Red_Narcissus,Tiger~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
,Recommended,231430,6076226,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Du_Meme_So_Gut,It's really good
,Recommended,231430,17939114,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,[Comrade] Patt,"This game is certainly a fun one, and can be a tactical masterpiece. But bewarned: this game is most certainly not finished. Relic needs to continue patching issues, as one could easily tell by the forum and internet outcries, and expect more DLC to likely come out as well. While I love this game, occasionally some of the changes relic makes can either be extremely needed and lovely, or absolutely rage inducing. Buyer bewarned if you are the competitive-type.-Sir Patt"
,Not Recommended,231430,14348506,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,speca,"Company of Heroes was a franchise I grew up with in a sense, I played the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of CoH 1 in my early teens now I'm playing CoH 2. I can't say I enjoy it as much as the first but it's still a strong game nonetheless. It's easier to play in regards to being competitive with new units, maps and the add of the commanders.I wouldn't buy this unless it was on sale, it's not worth it. DLC is everywhere and the AI is still ♥♥♥♥ing painful to work with (routing poorly, getting stuck on everything, vehicles rotating ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly)THE UGLY:- DLC galore, goodbye ""expansion"" packs from CoH 1, now you gotta shill out 40 bucks to buy a half♥♥♥♥♥campaign that adds nothing new to the multiplayer- Commanders, in comparison to CoH 1 the commander system is appalling, it's just a way to get more money out of the consumers. You can't even construct your own commander which I find horrid too.- AI are still clunky, sometimes they don't fire their rockets at tanks for no reason, tanks still get lost and infantry still route terribly.- A single campaign as of yet (unless you pay 40 bucks for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dlc)- Removal of server browser, this means no custom server only a form of matchmaking, you can play on custom servers but it's not ranked (as far as i'm aware of)THE GOOD:- Fun to play- New maps are well made, each one is diverse, you'll get your favorites and ones you hate but I find I like the CoH 2 maps over CoH 1- New units- Russians are a good additionThat sums up about it all, I'm an experienced CoH player (aside from the second game, still new to it), I would suggest picking this up when it's on sale along with a few commanders and maybe the Ardennes Assault too if it's all on sale, otherwise just get the vanilla."
76561198156273452,Not Recommended,231430,15722662,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,johnmurphy622,They ruined a great game with the US-Ardenne 1 player. You can't save it. Why would someone want to play a repetitive RTS. That's the one that costs $40. No fun.The Russian COH 2 is great. All the other ones are great.
76561197968533929,Not Recommended,231430,319774,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,magnetmannen,Installs a virus on your computer.disables your computer if you use torrents.look into it.  search COH2 virus.
,Not Recommended,231430,7813184,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,-Revell-,"Campaign is load of bull, MP is unbalanced. Better get CoH1 than this garbage"
,Not Recommended,231430,9956441,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,taton.^^,well done press start button and no license
,Not Recommended,231430,11540794,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,JK-47G2,"I think it's time I am more honest about my views on Company of Heroes 2.  I was hesitant originally because I am a huge fan of the series.  While the original Company of Heroes including its expansions were a worthwhile and thrilling experience I cannot say the same for Company of Heroes 2.Compared to the original, Company of Heroes 2 has quickly evolved into a huge cash cow that offers very little to players whom only buy just the game.  The focus on the DLC and charging players for it every time is disgusting and very disappointing.  I truly felt that Company of Heroes 2 could have become an amazing title.  Instead Relic's focus is only on making the most money possible with very little return the players.  I have probably spent enough money on DLC for this game that I could have bought a 3 flagship titles.I originally supported Relics effort because I saw promise in the series but as the title continued to evolve it became more and more apparent of Relic's and/or Sega's focus on profitability rather than making the game as good as and better than its predecessor.  I will admit I am very disappointed in both Relic and Sega for essentially selling out the series in favor of this new model.When it comes to gameplay, there have been some ""notable"" DLC content released such as the Theatre of War mission packs along with DLC which introduced two new armies to the mix.  All from which offer a very low return on investment and most importantly the quality of the DLC seems disappointing and otherwise incomplete.Other DLC which includes commanders and skins are very disappointing.  This is where I see the most disappointment with where the series is heading.  The fact that you have to pay to get additional commanders in what should be unlocked during gameplay through a reward system is the only way this should be done.  I also think that because of this players who pay will have an advantage over those whom don't.  The skins are just a waste.  They add no value other than making your units look prettier.  To be honest I would just save the money and put it to upgrading your computer as needed to improve the visuals overall.To be honest, new players may be interested in this title but the reality is I cannot recommend it in good conscience.  If you get the game cheap and avoid buying DLC then I may recommend the game to play but the replay value is very limited.  I found the game very repetitive and with the new rewards system I find my efforts are rarely rewarded for the loyalty I exhibit playing the game.  While a nice addition of custom maps via Steam Workshop is nice there is a lot of room for improvement.I am greatly disappointed with how Company of Heroes 2 has evolved.  It could have become an amazing title but instead Relic and/or Sega opted to undertake a direction which ruins the series.  If you want to try this title I would strongly encourage you to FIRST play the original and then try the second installment.  I think many would agree the quality of the original is far superior to that of its successor."
76561198017887814,Not Recommended,231430,12657614,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,ffmichaud,"I would really like to play this game. Unfortunately,  since I paid lots of money for this game, I have not been able to get it to play. Steam support is useless, engineered to keep you out. I will not buy another Steam game and will spend the rest of my time on earth bad mouthing this rip off ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Customer service? What a joke."
,Not Recommended,231430,13519910,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Braunstein,You have to buy every little thing boooooo...
76561198009586772,Not Recommended,231430,15296980,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Moforkus,"This game is ok. Its unfortunate but thats the best i can say about it. I have the first COH and all the expansions and in my opinion, those are way way better than this game.This is a sequel so i expected that they would improve upon the original, but sadly in many respects they have not. How so you may ask? Well here is a brief list/comparison1) in COH2 the graphics have been downgraded from that of the original (they look cartoony, and your tanks are the worst example of this.2) the cold weather thing is a stupid mechanic...random storms that kill you in minutes unless you are near a fire (unless your in a vehicle) which by the way, an anti tank gun somehow qualifies as a vehicle so the guys standing behind the armored front of the gun are apparently immune to the cold that kills the infantry unit thats right next to them....3) upgrades (i.e. for the specialization you choose) seem flat and uninspired. The original game did this way better with a better tech tree as well.4) This game is way way less realistic than the original...example (you have an infantry unit out in the open and they are atttacked by a light armored car and its 2mm cannon...in the original you would get slaughtered...in COH2 it takes you forever to kill an infantry unit with a light armoured car.5) story is just plain bad in COH2, original COH did this way better too6) sound...COH2 has really crappy sound when compared to the original, sure there is some loud sounds for explosions but if you care about audio in your games you will know the difference between great audio and ok audio.Overall, this game is nowhere near as fun as the original game...the cartoony graphics ruin the gritty feel that was demonstrated in the original to great effect (the graphics looked very realistic and the tanks and other vehicles look and sound amazing). The weird  cartoony look, annoying game mechanics, complete lack of realism (i.e. vehicle with machine gun gets killed by engineers...) just ruins this game.  Do not buy this game...buy COH 1 and all its DLC instead. Seriously, watch some gameplay videos of COH 1 and COH2...see for yourself. I don't know what happened to this studio but wow...what a missed opportunity. All i can say is that this game is missing a lot when comparied to its predecessor, and gameplay wise there is no contest. COH1 is my go to strategy game, seriously try that one first, and if you still wanna get COH 2, then do it...that way when you realize COH2 sucks, you can go back to COH1 and enjoy yourself :)"
,Not Recommended,231430,16016263,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,SlUlF,"Everything is to be bought as a DLC!! You buy the game and only one campaign faction is opened; No skirmishes , no online gaming, and no custom modes. ITS A RIPOFF!!"
,Not Recommended,231430,8440714,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,iv,why is there no modding support yet
,Not Recommended,231430,8780396,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Armorama,I can't recomment this. Loved the first game and it's expansions. I don't play this in multi-player so if like me you enjoy the campaigns then don't expect what you had in the first one.
76561198047682906,Recommended,231430,17814123,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,ETV9-9 {Red},game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ makes you have to buy DLC's to play online with friends
,Recommended,231430,17871574,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Gulgari,"Excellent and instense tactical combat. Realistic in many ways but also of course, they have to balance some things out to make it a game. There is a counter for everything (which I love) because it makes it different from most other RPG's where you can just mass produce the best unit and demolish the enemy team. In COH2, not so... Everything has a weakness, and it's up to your commanding, tactical and requisition skills to win the battlefield.Offers a great variety of units, and the workshop has many mods that fine tune the gameplay in just about any way you want, even including an all units mod which allows you to build anything your faction has to offer; and the workshop has maps for days."
76561197978843039,Recommended,231430,17872020,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,s[i]c,best with british :)
,Recommended,231430,17266194,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,SpagƷƷtti,This game is very epic I love these type of games. COH FTW! Can't wait for the next release lol
76561198064017140,Recommended,231430,17483866,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Dr KOV,GREAT
,Recommended,231430,15779864,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Admiral TypeZero,very arcadey and tactical. realism is little but t doesnt mean you wont have fun. 11/10 to pathfinding system
,Recommended,231430,15623958,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Supersieni,"""Vodka for everyone""- First words of brave new conscripts""Ooraaah!""- Last words of brave new conscripts"
,Recommended,231430,13061772,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,MapleMoose,Great Game. I killed a Ai on expert. 11/10
,Recommended,231430,15660865,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Tarfusson,"The best game i ever played, i fully recommend it to all players, that like strategic games.I think that is better from the first part, because i like russians and OKW.Greets"
76561198122959187,Recommended,231430,13187659,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Cpt. HighMike hellcase.com,Simply one the best RTS games ever made!
76561198065921231,Recommended,231430,10275090,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,APT4783,its the best strategy in a world.
76561198041881410,Recommended,231430,12585331,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Spooky,Ah the sequel one of the best RTS known to man.
76561198088035282,Recommended,231430,12567477,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,BurningShot,a really good game! u should buy it
76561198050324090,Recommended,231430,14468421,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Cotton,i love it.
76561198053158843,Recommended,231430,15343960,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Guestly,when i play this i feel less mentally disabled than i am
76561198058615705,Recommended,231430,27935771,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,yerfdog,"Brilliant game,easy to play,hard to master.Constantly changing and evolving.The modders keep it fresh."
,Recommended,231430,15852514,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,[FC] Immo,"I lost my friends and my job, and i didnt pass my exams, but I won the war.10/10"
76561198035135371,Recommended,231430,15299551,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Smablood,"A great, fun game!Only downside I would say is that there really isnt a lot of units."
,Recommended,231430,17972072,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Vangruffe (No play r n modding),"""Stop playing with yourselfs, ground to take!""- Infantry Section10/10 nice dialogue, always loved Relic's voice acting efforts in their RTS games."
,Recommended,231430,20728032,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,DJ Wick Wack,I Am a fan of rts games and i find that the compamy of hero serires is great so much fun addecting as ♥♥♥♥ its great and i cant spell ;)
,Not Recommended,231430,8854781,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Rhymin-$imon,"Probably the worst strategy game I've ever played. How can it be that losing three tanks against one infantry squad. And there are not even far enough troup points. Why do I need 12 troup points for a tank which only need 3 people in it to use?!And you can't upgrade most tanks anymore (like with an MG on top).If you want to play a ww strategy game you should propbaly buy the first one (COH 1 with extension). There you also got a lot more varieties (US, Commonwealth, German, German Tank elite). They remove very cool stuff which was available in the first game. Like the artillery (Commonwealth --> 25 Pounder Gun Howitzer. I really loved that one :)).And for the first part there are plenty of mods an maps available. Much more fun and much more possibilities. (And the graphic is as good as it is in the second part).Also the matchmaking system got under my skin. why the ***** can't there be a lobby, where you can see a list of open matches. I can only start a autosearch and furthermore I can't even decide if I want to play in the match they found for me. I will be droped in immediately. The only chance to get out of it is by capitulation. AWESOME!!!!! Totally loving it."
76561198100652075,Not Recommended,231430,9207611,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,MrJapco,"DO NOT BUY.I have hundreds of hours of playtime in this game and I can tell you that it`s not worth it. The game is terribly optimized, terribly balanced (snipers are incredibly OP and there is no counter to them) and the business model is the final nail in the coffin. Since they try to milk the cash through the sale of additional commanders (who possess additional units and abilities), the core (non-commander) unit pool is pretty poor and the game lacks strategic depth.The only reason that could justify the purchase is the fact that there are no good RTS games nowadays. So if you are an RTS fan and you need your fix there aren`t many options and I wouldn`t blame you. You`ve been warned though."
76561198102708672,Not Recommended,231430,15168037,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Kirby,"This Review is from the Singleplayer Campaign and its Storyline.Not as great as COH1 and its expansions. Also don't bother with the comments about the controversy it will burn your eyes and melt you with angry monkeys everywhere in thier chairs typing if you read the comments around the internet about it.Red alert 1 another RTS Did better with the Soviet Campaign (the RA series became cartoony later in its sequels though)I didn't like Call of Duty 2 Modern warfare and the airport mission. I Skipped that though *sips his drink* take that COD Kids.Watching the campaign in youtube and reading the angry comments and the ""so called historical accurate whatever it means"" has made me think ofSpec Ops: the line which tears apart Battlefield and Call of duty's storylines and its cliches.Sure Red alert the russians attacked a village and thats in mission one! (The teddy bear makes me cry as im typing this)but thats in an Alternate Timeline and not in WWIIDude why are you comparing this to other games like Spec Ops? now you want me talk about Fallout and War, War never changes? or now about WWII Medal of Honor or Brothers in Arms. Just look at Dune II or Starcraft instead then.Look at Sniper elite V2's story and go watch Yahtzee croshaw's Look on it. it' offends me as an Historical reasearcher like God of War did with it's mythology and it's mystical creatures and messing them up and getting it wrong.THE STORY: Im not happy with this man :(You play as an Unlikeable Dude and Commands his Comrades without a Rifle. That was done in WWI Not II They say.They machinegun the cowards that they are thier own. Because we waste ammo on Cowards. And Commanders and Officers being big bad baddies that do no good.Okay Look at the Ammericans in COH1. Then the British in the Expansion. Even the Germans gets the sympathy in the campaign at thier Expansion while being No nos.Did the Allies did any ""War Crime?"" I like to see that somewhere else but not in this with it's execution its makes you not care that much really yes really with the Terrible Movies characters in thier Bad WWII Movies. Made me like an bad person but WWII Was an horrible thing and i will not talk about this. but okay part two mission two hop hop.Russia go protect village from Germans. Commander go drink lots of and lots of poisoned Vodka and goes ""*Hic* go burn dah houses commrades!"" and one smart Russian soldier said ""But sir. There are people in there!"" But no says the Drunken Commander he said this ""No! Go burn dah houses i don't care * hic*"" he then shot the poor smart soldier in the head and they go burn the houses with people in them.Then he said ""Go burn the hay field *hic* *drinks another Vodka*"" but another said ""But sir. Nikolai is playing with the hay! hes looking for the needle comrade!"" But no again it is said. The Dumb Drunken Commander shot him and they burn the fields with every soldier taking cover there. then they dumped thier troops and bombed the bridge. *clap clap*Hoo hoo it gets worse. skipping part 3 and 4. ""Patroling the Wastes makes you wish for Nuclear Winter""Heres Misson 5The Unlikeable dummy makes a dumb speech and said ""Heyyyy why not we shot each other and let the germans win?""   *cough cough cough* and some group of some random in don't know these sameish comrades said ""uhh okay but we advance and uuhhhh ran away and get shot by you."" because they are just thrown in there like ragdolls in GMOD.Part 6 Mission 6Mr Jerkface swoops in enemy territory with troops and found something for winning but Bad luck... Tank patrol and tank fired at the dumb dumb and survived and hes at the rumbles. but luck got him and hes not caught by the germans because poof! its magical that the Germans where focusing with the Russians but he didn't get caught at all!?His Troops saved the Jerkface and returned to the Drunken Commander who drinks lots and lots of Vodka! the drunk man shot Jerky jerk's friend (as i say) because we need less troops cause they no good what about winning?I Don't care anymore about the Story i quit. RA1&2 Did better with the soviets and i even think about Spec Ops: The line and it's about an american soldier who gotten alot trouble and became an enemy from his own and caused alot of unwanted deaths of hostile american soldiers and civilians.Red Alert 1 in other hands was serious but RA2 Was not. But Tesla Coils and Mass Mammoth Tanks And Teleportation called Chrono something was goofy and cool. And the Soviet ending has a twist at the end. They were evil in Red alert 1 but despite that. Red alert 2 was a bit more goofy and funny.""History is written by the observer. Propaganda is written by the victor."" -THIEF: Deadly Shadows4.5/10 -Story could had been done beter. good premise. bad execution in my point of view wasted a good plot. unlikeable characters and the russian soldiers could had sympathy too but no wasted too.:(Graphics-in sort but okay.Menu looks cool but the ingame cinematics look not as good as the COH1 did moving on. 7/10Gameplay-fun is always fun! is it?I Thinks it's better a bit than COH1. Otherwise it looks the same but the market is full of shooters and RTS is a bit rare.Only Singleplayer Gameplay 6/10 minus the awful storyOkay im done i think. My brother bought this and i watched him play looked nice like the COH1 Did but metacrtic did made me smile in a sarcastic way but hearing about the story made me a bit unwell. I Could write a better storyline for this game than the writers did. but i don't have the skills to do so. but i feel just sad about this i really do.After seeing the fourms in steam and gaming sites comments about COH2's Hate Among Russian Players. It's just a plague of stupidity and fantastic way for trolls and angry angry monkeys jumping on thier computers about it. Fan or Patriot or a Russian man No im just a person who enjoys watching HBO. Playing Video games. Watching YouTube. Running around the Web.it just makes me sad Looking at this story taking this and taking it to Eleven and done horribly to those that fought for thier countries. Americans. British and France, Canada even Asia in the Pacific War did War Crimes in WWII.Just Look at Wikipedia please at WWII War Crimes but you can ask WWII Veterans or Read a Book about it in your hands instead.Thanks alot i will go back and watch Enemy at the Gate and compare it to Saving Private RyanAnd then go back and restart Spec Ops the Line or Medal of honor or WWII COD and then Play Red alert 1 again or BetterPLAY Company of Heroes 1 Single Player and it's ExpansionsSCORE 6.9/10 Company of Villians 2. There is no Good in this Story. Why is it called Heroes if i see no good whats the point?"
76561198020360822,Not Recommended,231430,15800490,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,HijinksGamers,"After playing several matches and completing the campaign on medium difficulty, I have to say its not worth it. I loved CoH... but this, this is a sham. first off only 2 armies to choose from (without DLC) that being russians and germans. Secondly if you actually liked the game and want more (my god theres more) you can buy it. like a 2nd campaign $40 please..... like bugger off. $10 sure or even $15 (or $20 would be pushing it) But $40...... you've got to be joking.I enjoyed bits and pieces of it. I really did. But I think that was because of my love for CoH (that being the first game)for the amount of content it just really is not worth it. Go buy the first CoH and its DLC all up probably less then $30 and it has 6 times the amount of content and fun just looks a little older and i do mean only a little."
76561198086609471,Not Recommended,231430,12561060,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Phred,Not much improvement to COH.
76561197973585200,Not Recommended,231430,14178169,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Niff-Tea,crap
76561197994924153,Not Recommended,231430,15116978,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Janitor_of_Death,"I wanted to love this game.Being a huge fan of the original Company of Heroes the idea of sequel with new game mechanics and units made my heart flutter. I watched videos with the developers talking about ice shelves being destructible, having to build fires so you troops don't freeze to death, adding a fog of war with snowstorms and all sorts of really amazing stuff.What they didn't tell you though, was that they were going to dumb down the game to lowest common denominator.In the original your play style could be complimented by each DISTINCTIVE army.Don't like to muddle around with different unit types and blast the enemy constantly? Cool, we've got some Panzer Elite for you. Are you a turtle and want to play a Sim-City RTS? Great, got a Brit army right over here.CoH2 plays the same no matter who you play as and you are forced to play offensively. Defenses are ineffective and troops between armies indistinguishable, more or less.The icing on the cake of disappointment comes with the DLC. If you want a little variety in your dull game it can be purchased one small piece at a time. Way to milk a mediocre product for more money that I should have never spent in the first place."
76561198104070653,Not Recommended,231430,15718936,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Dirty cat In Pj's,DO NOT buy this game it is really bad not worth Money what so ever.
,Recommended,231430,7821212,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,ReaperLT,"Edit: Well they fixed this game, and it looks like CoH, so gj, and thumbs up!"
,Recommended,231430,13064465,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Medic,Hell of a game!!
76561198080709827,Recommended,231430,16827338,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Edrolkozy,"really good rts game of 2 world war, this is 9/10, this game need some patches yet, for the balance, and fix connectios issueis, some days we are unnable to play, ''you have been disconnected''."
76561198136157326,Recommended,231430,13289504,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Masked_Jugz,This game is fun and addictive. I play for hours on end. It's challenging and fun. Good RTS for sure.
76561198098905318,Recommended,231430,10795677,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jaskism,RTS and WWII fans must get this and of course orginal Company of Heroes with Blitzkrieg Mod
,Recommended,231430,10798357,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,pacheko86,"Beautiful graphics, nice strategy bases, makes a lot of sense to use real life tactics like flanking.A bit unfair at times I think, as you can loose a lot of troops/tanks to a single enemy tank which might not be that great of an enemy.Overall it's a fun game to play that looks very nice and is really challenging."
,Recommended,231430,10797928,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,striker93,"Great game, not worth the set price though imo so i would recommend only buying it once its on discount"
76561198074758218,Recommended,231430,10788056,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,filidup,Jim Daniel buy this game its epic
76561198071248971,Recommended,231430,30108836,Posted: 22 February,all,drumhero5,the campain for the russians isnt working
,Recommended,231430,28417953,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,mhm,Actually a game that I enjoy
,Recommended,231430,8511949,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,DeuceHalo,"I would highly recommend this game to any RTS fans.  Unlike older RTS games, the Company of Heroes series puts emphasis on combined arms tactics and keeping your troops alive vice the old ""build a bunch of stuff and throw it in a meat grinder"" method of 90s games.  Cover grants troops defensive bonuses and can mean the difference of winning or losing small skirmishes.There are a some changes from the original COH in that there are less chokepoint-like maps and more open terrain.  However, the map editor that is bundled with the game is seeing a lot of the original maps ported over.  Some fans of the original are also unhappy with the DLC that is being release, but the majority of it is cosmetic - vehicle skins, decorative name plates.  The commanders can change things up as no single commander has access to all perks.  However, Relic appears to be tweaking balance as time goes on to prevent overpowered units and tactics."
76561198110359025,Recommended,231430,25033939,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,iCoRky Vas Normandy,its a great game for those who enjoy the world war and is a great game to slowly learn!!
76561197983090518,Recommended,231430,13360011,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Jugger,Dont be to high when playing this game...
76561198005857542,Recommended,231430,16826511,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Jim Capone,"Lets talk about the bad reviews and hopefully you'll see they're mostly sissy school girls petty moaning and complaining!The game had bugs when it came out, but Relic have done a great job fixing these. So, make sure you only check recent reviews.Other bad reviews mention issues such as path finding, and not being friendly for new players etc. Well, I bought this game and started from lvl 0 - same as everyone else. I played on my own and with frienda and I've pretty much enjoyed every game.Sure, sometimes I get a team-mate who is new to the game. And yes, it can be frustrating when your team-mate sits there building wire and sandbags all game, while you get bummed by two max level players shafting you on the regular with a handful of tigers and panthers...""How's that wire coming along, mate?""There is an option to search custom games or create your own for new players only, or for professional players.Path finding is something I have never once had an issue. You click, they go.Seriously, if you loved playing C&C, Red Alert, Zero Hour or Company of Heroes 1 then you will LOVE this game!Relic are great and bring out updates regularly and socialise on the forums often. They always bring out new content - okay, if its a DCL we pay a few quid, but hey, went out last night and the clubs charged me £8 just to come in and drink! Stuff costs, get over it!Seriously, buy this game! Come play it! Have some skirmish games! Do some campaign! Come jump online and you'll be sat reliving those nights playing CoH1, thinking...""If only the Russians where in it and the graphics were even better"""
,Recommended,231430,9957355,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Dr. Zvezda,"J'ai eu du plaisir à jouer avec Company Of Heroes pendant le free weekend, je vais donc acheter le jeu...Bonne tactique de marketing!Françoishttp://legamerdudimanche.blogspot.ca/"
76561198016031881,Recommended,231430,27601368,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,!_RakishMind_!,Better than Starcraft and Command and Conquer.
,Recommended,231430,6121604,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,RubTheDuck,"One of the most unbalanced, unpolished, content-stripped games I have ever played. Plenty of Day-one DLC and an overall lack of content. A fun game overall but DEFINITELY not worth 60$."
,Recommended,231430,26815068,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LozZA,Only RTS I keep coming back to.
76561197986365521,Not Recommended,231430,7890854,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Diarrhea Cactus,"My initial review was after about 20 hours of gameplay and I have since decided to change that review now that I have near 100 hours logged.  From the start this game falls flat on its face due to the outrageous price and loaded DLC that Relic claims is for ""continued support"".  What a load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  Never until this decade has DLC gotten so out of control.  Companies out there that make games with no DLC charge less for some of their games and patch them for years afterwards.  But, enough about the horrendous business model that has lost my money and more about the game.Company of Heroes 2 takes what the 1st one did and makes it bland.  No longer are you able to approach a situation from multiple vectors of possibilities and are now forced to be aggressive.  Trench wars, defensive positions, and the general concept of holding a point and inching forward no longer exists unless you build a custom map with a specific choke point that is designed to do just this.  Commanders do very little other than offer a few units that you can't build or offer some weapons you normally wouldn't get.  Don't think for an instant this is a direct equivalent to the doctrines in the first CoH because it isn't, not even by a long shot.  T-34 85s are called in units and not build versus the 76s that are built.  Tigers are called in and not built.  Population is capped at 100 unless you manually change it in the map editor.  No V1 rockets or other cool special abilities like calling in a King Tiger, JagdPanther, Pershing Tank, etc.  Just a few fragmentation bombing runs, and plane strafes with some other abilities like camo, tank smoke, etc.The game does do well graphically, I will give it that but I do not believe that is anyhwere near sufficient to call this a second game.  Sounds are just as realisitic as they were in the first one but pathfinding seems to never have been improved.  I guess they wanted to focus on vaulting over sandbags and walls instead of fixing critical issues from a game that suffered the same issues 7 years ago.  Buying barbed wire cutters for engineers because they don't come with them, you know....cause engineers don't work in situations like that...or something.....I really hate to fill a review with constant negatives so I will put a few of the things that this games does manage to do well.  First, I like the concept that Germans and Russians can play on the same team.  This slightly alters the single strategy concept that this game has embedded into its core.  I also like that you can repair bridges if they are partially damaged instead of waiting until it is completely gone.  Another great aspect of this game is that the physics have been improved.  Tanks feel more like tanks as they rock when they shoot and get hit and actually have a reverse button so you arn't spam clicking or queueing your tank backwards like you had to in the first installment.  Finally, capping points by standing near them is great.  I no longer have to make sure my units are capping, all I have to do is get them within the area of effect for it to begin capturing.Unfortunately, that is really all I can think of that makes the game look decent.  All of the improper balancing due to a new and whiny community is holding this game back.  I wish Relic would just balance the game as they see fit, it worked great for the first installment.  Gamers are entirely to whiny and shed tears when something doesn't go their way, but then again that is the way most my country is.  People will whine because they can't play, don't understand a concept, or simply just don't get their way but a game like this shouldn't be altered because of those reasons.  Single minded strategy, a massively cheating AI, and horrendous balancing with laregely missing content make this game a no purchase unless you are either bored or get it during a massive sale, and by massive I mean 75% or more.  Do yourself a favor, don't get burned."
,Recommended,231430,31800094,Posted: 16 May,all,Mosquito Sauce,"Great game though i have a mac, still runs well. I recommend it for people into strategy games and historical games."
,Recommended,231430,21914107,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Beavernuts,"engineers with flamethrowers are kind of overpowered if you put them in bunkers, but when the other team spams you with   conscripts then its hilarious"
76561198029333031,Recommended,231430,31847307,Posted: 19 May,all,Mental Gymnast,"A great game. The gameplay is near perfection, the matching making system is adequate and the graphics are decent. A shame that it has become somewhat bloated with needless commanders and DLCs which fowl the game. 8/10"
76561198018427352,Recommended,231430,10828137,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,RestInPeacesZA,"Loved this game since release, and with the new armies being released, it has revived the challenge and the joy of COH2 once again. If you enjoyed the first Company of Heroes, you should definitely look into buying COH2.The eastern front brought a great alternative to the western front armies of the original Company of Heroes. And with Relic going back to the West with the expansion, they have awakened the memories of the good old days of Company of Heroes. Also a great feature is the ability to play online vs new armies even though you do not have the expansion. Great feature for keeping the online community active and happy.Well done to Relic and SEGA. Now we just need the Pacific Theatre and maybe North Africa/Italy... ;)"
,Recommended,231430,32130610,Posted: 2 June,all,St_Winter,"At first I didn't recommend this game because of the generals and how you have to pay real money to get a better general that feels more right for your playstyle. Now the game is a lot different from when it first launched. It still has some of their pay walls but at least you can unlock them through in game means than just only having to pay real money, and the game is worht it really. It's a lot of fun. Although I still prefer playing the first one which is still an amazing looking game for how old it is. This game has a lot more going on and does look better, which is what i've been wanting.I think, if you own the first game and just been wanting more to it, get this game. Wait for a good deal and buy the bundle, it's worth it. I wouldn't recommend buying all of it at original price because it is all set way to expensive. That is my biggest gripe with this game and the devs."
76561198071103242,Not Recommended,231430,14254048,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,jester098,"used to love this game but the developers just♥♥♥♥♥♥all over allies all because of germans end game tanks bring one tiger in and thats it, i still love this game but it fuastrates me when it takes so much more to win as allies than axis, VERY ONE SIDED. plus there infantry op by fare, i find only way to win is to make them surrender our rage quit when i TNT a path and play some gorrilla war on there♥♥♥♥♥killing troops instantly with out hesitation but so expensive with huge risks.i don't recomend this game any more unless your a♥♥♥♥♥german faction lover"
76561198050283305,Recommended,231430,17255590,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Old Rick,When does it become an addiction?
76561198031606622,Recommended,231430,4071591,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Twiggykidde (งò‸ó)ง,skit kul
,Recommended,231430,17744018,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Johnny_C,Best game i ever played. Its so acurate and fun
76561198044776074,Recommended,231430,20532781,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Mohamaduck,"i have played COH2 for a long time, through the epic games and the♥♥♥♥♥♥piled on the base game. in general id like to say the game itslef is very enjoyable, when i first bought this game it was a blast, especially since the modding comunity was dishing out the buckets of juicy new mods. however, update after update, new faction after new faction the game has been slowly going to the♥♥♥♥♥♥heap. unfinished factions and bugs plague every corner, i can move past this however since thee bugs themselves are still being fixed. The biggest problem i have found is with the god awful piece of monkey feices they call the modding hub, it is by far the worst creation of man i have ever laid my eyes on. they took the beautiful modding worshop and then like a stupid squiiger, like obama, it was♥♥♥♥♥♥on multiple times till all that remained was nothing but a steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ god have mercy on those poor dumb monkeys who created that spawn of satanic garbage."
76561198085577617,Recommended,231430,7084995,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,Vendex,♥♥♥♥♥♥amazing
,Recommended,231430,6155148,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,dogs,"♥♥♥♥♥game 0/10""wow it's so bad just go download some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mod of CoH 1 its the same""-[NH] Delta""it sucks""-Muhammad Ali"
76561197985483118,Recommended,231430,27617959,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,guvenal,"This is one of the best rts there is, the dlc can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥but are nothing a good sale won't fix."
76561198005754718,Recommended,231430,18123872,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Azularia,9/10
76561198254356632,Recommended,231430,21441993,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,lag is my shield,how much do you pay for COH2 in total?
,Recommended,231430,21443411,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Tactical Neko,I certainly recommend this game to everyone!It's really fun especially when you play with others~Needs more tanks.
76561198138340726,Recommended,231430,21484197,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Cream of Kim Jong Un,is goodblob shreksthen u winlol
76561198236961112,Recommended,231430,21505171,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Keqa,Decent Game! :D
76561198240236958,Recommended,231430,21510496,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,jonah.demarco,"It's a great game ! However I feel that they are alienating Mac players by only leaving the DLC open in windows form, I hope they come out with Mac compadible DLCs. It's basically toatal war with a spalsh of WWII."
76561198145406314,Recommended,231430,21516425,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,TheCptnOfFail,fun massive game.best played on good rigs at a LAN party.me and some friends tried some population cap mods. ended up with ~1 minute of lag by the end of the match.
76561198057769671,Recommended,231430,21517970,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,JoJo,Good game. Can easily play without the microtransactions in the game but is recommended to get in a sale with all the dlcs.
,Recommended,231430,21364434,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Monte Cristo,"Blob, the game"
,Recommended,231430,21364622,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,♫SPINO_STUD♪ hellcase.com,This game is very nice and it's not hard to playFOR MOTHERLAND!!!!!    URA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198072042829,Recommended,231430,21368112,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,DestinyOpfa,Good game for WWII enthusiasts.They really stepped it up this timeNeeds a good computer so that it won't lag tho
76561198038576023,Recommended,231430,21369717,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,le MEM,"Really good game, 7/10 - Swedish Guy"
76561198275774309,Recommended,231430,21373258,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Xploter,Great fun !!
76561197982444722,Recommended,231430,21374213,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Desert Fox,single player is ok   if your getting this game to play as the germans in multiplayer  they are harilious underpowerd  russian conscripts with rifles with kill mg42 teams  and scout cars as easy as 1 2 3
,Recommended,231430,21376340,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Jockulous,Reinacted Saving Private Ryan on a community made map with a friend  10/10 would try and save him again!
76561198076522801,Recommended,231430,21378626,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,a sanwich heavy portfolio,"THeis is the best game for simulating exactly how the soviet war machine worked.  Oh no twenty of my infantrymen died guess I should throw twenty more at the enemy oh theyre dead maybe change tactics, nah more infantry should solve this problem."
,Recommended,231430,21380130,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Anthony,Overrate game :)
,Recommended,231430,21406646,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,sakuc,Good RTS. Buy.
,Recommended,231430,21423725,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,lamberad,"08/10Compared to CoH; it is on the same level, maybe a little better. TBH, there hasn't been much to change in the two series other than some newer content, mainly the Russian corps. Graphics have obviously been upgraded.Graphics 07/10Gameplay 08/10Content 08/10Modding 10/10Multiplayer 09/10Story line 09/10I would only buy when on sales....which seems to be quite often imo."
,Not Recommended,231430,14090001,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Little clyde,because when playing multiplayer it seems that the germans are to powerfull and russians have no chance
76561197996321688,Not Recommended,231430,14117114,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Alf-a-male,"Dont buy this game, you pay a kidney just for the game and then you need to pay your house for actually playing any content. When i search ladder game there is 80% people playing axis and 20% playing allies this shows when you search for game. Why there is more player playing axis you wonder? its because the game is so god damn imbalanced and playing axis just gives you a free win their units is much stronger dealing more dmg having more health compared to allied units.This game is just a waste of money and alot of money you need to pay for everything ingame even for playing multiplayer after you bought the game..."
76561197972654231,Not Recommended,231430,14650558,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Niko [DK],"Really great game, but you have to buy more and more to play all the diffrent nations.... Plzzz stop makeing DLC games...."
76561198009346458,Not Recommended,231430,14654358,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Wright1331,"Don't buy unless you plan to keep spending money to buy better ""Items"". They ruined this game and it will be the last CoH. Save your money and look elsewhere, or buy CoH1.This is a game that cost $40, and has the model ""free"" games. Where you keep having to spend money to keep up.just say NO"
76561198024340068,Not Recommended,231430,15813814,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Jack-The-Black,"To be honest, CoH2 doesn't bring much to the table that a CoH update/mod wouldn't have (I'm looking right at you, line of sight and freezing to death). I am not a fan of having to purchase more maps, and content just to play the game, was $60 not enough for you Sega/Relic? Instead if you want to play the game with just the other Soviet content you'll shell out another $15, for content that was already made, they just wanted more of your damn money.The story was cardboard, the missions were repetative, and ultimately I went back to playing the original CoH."
,Not Recommended,231430,12535138,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,SanMan,"I was waiting for this game for a long time. Compared to the first CoH, it is a terrible game. It is not terrible because it is not the same, but it is terrible because it feels like the game was not made with much thought.There are so many DLCs, and the tech trees for each commander seems so limited, so much of variations on the same theme. The best commanders are only available as ""pay to win"".The matchmaking system is HORRIBLE. Why not just let me screen for games on a browser and join them? Why only let me select one choice for a match, when I may be open to several different types of games? Matchmaking systems should always be optional.The way they changed infantry and vehicle balance also made the game feel much more vehicle focused. Most infantry, even some antitank infantry, don't stand a chance against tanks. They just drop like flies, even under cover (though it might also be the hacking AI). The AT guns are also clunky and require just as much pop cap as a small or medium tank.The AI cheats like crazy for comp stomp games. Example: you cannot field any snipers because they will be killed magically by magic mortars and other freak shots. You can only play certain tactics against the AI, as all the other normal tactics will fail to their horrible hacks (worst than the first one, not even fun, why not put some more thought into AI?). Playing against the computer becomes an exercise in patience, and it is not fun.Even though I spent a pretty penny on this game and a few DLCs, and I really wanted to like this game, I have gone back to CoH original. Good luck to everyone else."
76561198027427384,Not Recommended,231430,12576121,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Herogamer555,Not worth the money. Terrible UI and terrible controls completely ruin it.
76561198073326732,Not Recommended,231430,12710869,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,allinone,"The game is frozen,because there is in the last update a virus--> Gen:Variant.Symmi.32925.thank you very F*****G mush."
76561198004505123,Not Recommended,231430,13625415,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,jessekill,"A watered down successor to an amazing first game. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC's that cost heaps and dont add much. The first one was gritty and highly tactical. In this one the performance is sluggish (despite my dedicated gaming laptop), and the gameplay feels cartoonish."
,Not Recommended,231430,14102030,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Nachtphysik,On the surface CoH2 seems like a pretty decent game but if you're looking for a good multiplayer-RTS then you should get Starcraft 2 still. It's still one of the most balanced games out there. Relic's striving for more players who choose the Allied Forces damages the game-balance tremendously and makes the game incredibly frustrating on multiplayer. If you still want a WW2 RTS then I'd still suggest the first CoH as it's not that unbalanced. Maybe they'll change it but don't buy the game until that happened.
76561198020624963,Not Recommended,231430,14440952,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,luvchelsea,:(
76561197979350120,Not Recommended,231430,16212531,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Sergeant F0X,"WORST RTS EVER MADE, This game is a giant insult to Coh1... the AI is the most broken, unthoughtful piece of crap very made to date. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME..."
,Not Recommended,231430,2870308,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Viktor Krinkov,어머니 로씨야가 부른다! 우라! - 2013년 6월 20일에 작성이 게임의 문제점kia~ 주모! 여기 나치뽕 한 사발 주소!캠페인에서 소련군의 지나친 비하를 한다.나치의 만행따윈 필요없당께~ 오로지 소련의 만행만 까면 된당께!그래놓고 자기들은 거짓말은 안 했다고 오리발 내미는 렐릭 성님들 kia~그리고 존나게 해대는 DLC 장사.렐릭의 나치 빠돌이 새키들과 DLC 장사치들만 모인 세가가 합심하면 이런 꼴이 납니다.그러니까 이거 ♥♥♥값되면 사서 즐기세요.저처럼 거금 6만원 들여서 살 이유 없습니다.
76561197990833436,Not Recommended,231430,7665750,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Zubat Man,"Over all an ok game, but i felt like I was playing a mod for the first game.Actually the eastern front mod for the first game was a little better IMHO.Tanks are very overpowered in this game though, historically the use of mixed unit tactics was the way to go during world war two, heavy armor without air, artillery and infantry support was dead armor( as the Russians found out the hard way), but this game seems to reward C&C style tank rushes.Also certian tanks can litterally outrun a deployed AT gun THAT IS facing it. And what I mean by this is that if you have a gun facing an enemy tank and they use the magical overdrive ability by the time it takes your men to aim its too late, tanks moved behind your gun and has killed all the men maning it.Too bad game is totally ruined by DLC whoring."
,Not Recommended,231430,8801856,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,DukesOfDevon,"The original company of heroes series were for a long time my favourite games ever. Somehow all of the charm, smooth play, great feel and depth of CoH has been completely lost. If you enjoyed the first game and it's expansions, stick with them. This is, very sadly, not a good sequel.Map design and pathing are sub-par, the upgrade system unexplained and somewhat un-needed, the in game units are less defined, the graphics are no big upgrade, the AI is completely broken (There is no way that anyone but a CoH veteran will beat the computer on 'standard' difficulty in skirmishes) and there is just a generally disjointed, unfinished, un-polished air to everything. The total opposite to how CoH 1 felt, which is really confusing considering how similar they are.3/10"
76561198010173842,Not Recommended,231430,8802311,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,xXxCREECHERxXx,"this is probably the first game in years id have to not reccomend. first of all, there is no server browser meaning you cant pick game type, and are paired with random players with the only filter being, easy medium hard for vs ai games and 1v1 2v2 etc. victory point control is the only game mode, and its set to the lowest points possible, so forget about ever even getting a tank on the field.second, even only after several matches, its very clear that the russians are severly underpowered as compared to the germans.save your money, and if its free, save your headache. all in all, the multiplayer aspects were poorly done."
76561198038129010,Not Recommended,231430,10359367,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Commissar Joshwerds,"With no sense of balance or customization in gameplay combined with terribly designed maps and pretty much no developer interaction with the community, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible.  The models for infantry look nothing like real unifroms and the gameplay looks and feels nothing close to WWII in any shape or form other than the obvious fact its a WWII game.  Modding tools fix somethings but their is no model editor, nor would that help becuase im not a ♥♥♥♥ing modeler or good drawer.  So basically its an unbalanced piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥with like no customization, though apparently the ""new update"" if it ever comes out has custom commanders which might revive this little♥♥♥♥♥♥ to gameplay and no resemblence of real WWII warfare, which is to me a very big disapointment."
76561198135101606,Not Recommended,231430,11219682,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Sly Ol Abe,Bought the game and can't play the campaign.. Like the game but wont recommend it if I have to buy the game several times to play it to it's full.
,Not Recommended,231430,13206726,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,KOzOK,Don't bother. Crapolla.
,Not Recommended,231430,8775193,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,$ir FIGHTf0rApr!ce Kisteninia,"this game is a real life experience in my mind and i made it so i'll save up for summer and but it but that doesn't meen i don't like i love the game and the realism in it plus one time a made a comeback in a match with 4 tigers and won the game soo yea its worth your money but if your patient then wait ti'll sales""guys sorry to say this but this game has lost its fame in my gameplay mind and just reminds me of how idiotic the companies can be they made the game worse and worse and more pay 2 get more ♥♥♥♥♥ and dont bother to legitimatly play the game this game just wishes you to b*tch slapem with money i suggest you wait till this is acctually $5 for sale otherwise this game aint worth SH*Tbtw some times npc's will take control of your own units and is F*CKS yourself over so relic can u not amke a coh3 and fix this peice of SH*T that i wasted $5 on this game should be free for its amount of SH*T man if only relic can learn from red orchestra 2 and other ww2 based games jesus"
,Recommended,231430,27919070,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Illusive Man,It's ok I guess.....
,Recommended,231430,27774211,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Shifty,"This game had me hooked within the first 10 minutes. 400+ hours later, I still am.Good balancing, an excellent modding community, and fantastic TwitchTV support.One for the ages."
76561198272037328,Recommended,231430,28466763,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,RioWarrior,"Even though Company Of Heroes 2 is seen as old to today standards it has many highlights, not only is the gameplay amazing the graphics are good and the overall effect it has on you whilst playing is outstanding. For any potential buyers there are two things that you should be aware of.  The first thing is the price of the game although it goes on sale, full price is around $60. The second thing you as a buyer needs to be aware of is that it is quite hard to begin with, there are a lot of voncepts and guidelines that you need to remember. All in all COH2 is hands down an amazing game and is worth every penny."
76561198176272742,Recommended,231430,25745880,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Top_Hat_Cat,"Amazing game but, wish they had some Japonesse,Italien,French and/or canadien!9/10*add this stuff or one and it will be 10!"
,Recommended,231430,26891025,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Whiskey Tango Foxtrot,DIETER HILF UNS
,Recommended,231430,27937334,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,HijikataToshizou,"A good strategic game, difficult little bit to control but good game at all"
76561198304313028,Recommended,231430,28414633,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Sequoia1228,"Great game, I love the multiplayer. Later campaigns are great too."
,Recommended,231430,27833849,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SirDice,"Still one of my favorite games. Workshop is highly active with new maps, missions and skins being released on pretty much a daily basis."
,Recommended,231430,28079699,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dju,Very Good Game!!!!
,Recommended,231430,21837328,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Mikhail Moiseyev,"one of the best RTS game ever, with various commander skills, historical or non-historical units, and numerous mods. It greatly satisfies my interest in WWII armaments, let alone many exciting features it has. You can never imagine how exilarated I was when I saw the ""Comet"" tank and Churchill AVRE in game.  Definitely worth buying!!!"
,Recommended,231430,21862066,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Krazy Kevin,10/10 RTS Best by far after Civ 5 but if you want to spend too much time not doing homework this would be the game! Also DOWN WITH THE FASCISTI! USSR FTW.
,Recommended,231430,22264752,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,SubtleWar,"Despite COH 2 being a hell of a game! I will shoot this:I would gladly appreciate if SEGA/Relic would just filter custom content that goes in to this game. It's just getting out of hand in my opinion. It's fun at some point, but when it surpasses the seriousness of what a WWII game depicts, it just stinks, want an example ? Tiger tanks painted with Hello Kitty decals or ""Carnaval"" (Pinky/Yellow) skins on Churchill Crocodile Tanks.I understand this may be fun and enjoyable content for some people, but that just does not belong to WWII theme. Not all custom items are bad though, i.g.: ""Charcoal"" type of skins are awesome.I would give this: Developers of this game should perform some type of contest and officialize the most upvoted customized content out there. Reward its creators, simple as that, if ""Hello Kitty"", ""Manga"" or ""DragonBall-Z"" on Tiger tanks is what people want, so be it!Enjoy this game.It's awesome"
76561198115468348,Recommended,231430,21543759,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,PSYCHOTRON,i play 2700 hrs to this game ..and counting..this only for serious gamers..
,Recommended,231430,21779492,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Ivan Kronofogden,"really good, a memelord as me recommends this very much yes"
76561198067517758,Recommended,231430,27565606,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ST Hélios | No Game No Life,"Gud game, lots of salt everywhere, lots of nubz, lots of hours herewell, joke aside, as you can see after 1.7k hours i'm still there, the game is solid and will allow you to have great time if you are willing to learn how to playi can only warn you that the engine is poorly optimised tho, better inform yourself before buying it"
76561198048800071,Recommended,231430,28571330,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Imperfect,"As much as I get infuriated with this game, it is a game I always enjoy playing as well... Even though the balance always changes, they keep releasing DLC and have microtransactions. That being said, I don't do any of the microtransactions so it's not that bad. I would say if you get the chance to play for free, try before you buy, you could love it."
76561198137294352,Recommended,231430,25680869,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Olbi,"A beutiful and super enjoyable game. The Graphics are amazing, the sound is amazing and its overall amazing. It has a steep lerning curve and is a really hard game, in wich you have to have a very good understanding of your units and strategy.If you are looking for a war symulator or strategy game i couldynt recomend anything better than this."
,Recommended,231430,14561675,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,TB124™,"It's a very good strategy game, and in WWII. This is something that I always wanted in my childhood while I played Age of Empires.Buy this game, you will not regret. It has a good story and a very nice multiplayer."
76561198104479510,Recommended,231430,19870588,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Azeno,"When it boils down to it, this game is really good. The graphics and gameplay designs are superb and it's probably one of the most in depth strategy games of it's time. Really, it's an extremely fun game... When it isn't busy crashing...In the middle of games, whenever it feels like it and the only way I have found to fix it is a full PC reboot. Other than that though, I recommend this to anyone looking for an in depth strategy game with quite a steep learning curve.The community may be toxic but there's not much you can do about that."
76561198083026552,Recommended,231430,27776467,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cloudyman3,its fun only get it on sale tho
76561198063154359,Recommended,231430,6296616,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,DEkommando,Without a doubt one of the best games i've ever played. I have allready played this game for hundreds of hours and it is still extremely fun to play.
76561198072810781,Recommended,231430,22214100,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Godrick,"Still the best RTS with WW2 theme so far. Plenty of possibilities to entertain not only for WW2 fans. If only Relic would pay more attetion to wishes of the community (War spoils, constant Allies boosting (especially tanks) etc.)."
76561198018253999,Recommended,231430,23658698,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Spencer47,"If you enjoy playing multiplayer battles then this is a horrible horrible game. 2 thumbs down. If you choose to play German you win. If you choose to play Allied you lose. Simple as that. One of the most unbalanced games you'll ever find. About the equivalent to playing War Thunder as an American M36 tank destroyer. You have absolutely no chance unless the enemy team is 100% noob...and then you could still lose. Just pitiful.8/28/16: I'm changing my review to a thumbs up. Since my first review the game has underwent some balancing modifications and I'd say it's about even now. The German tanks are still op but if you know what you're doing you can take them out. This is a highly strategical game and a whole lot really depends on your level of experience. Also, if you're in a multiplayer match of 3 vs 3 or 4 vs 4 the number of prestige stars on either side (each prestige star denotes 100 levels) will usually determine who wins or loses. Usually, but not always. You can see I have quite a lot of hours logged on this game. It is a very fun game but can be very very frustrating also. Experience plays a major part when in multiplayer. I recommend this game."
76561198096565383,Recommended,231430,16064196,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Baz,"Quote from a game i played, ""I'd rather lose the game than lose my Tiger Tank"" 11/10"
,Recommended,231430,21073795,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Shephard,Really good strategy game.Pros*Tactics and commanders are excellently detailed.*Different strategies for different nations.*Graphics are really good.*Excellent multiplayer experience.*Sound and Musics are awesome.*No overpowered nations. All of them are well balaced*WWII !Cons*Loading takes long time.*Annoying advertisements of SEGA :(
76561198085845512,Recommended,231430,32199747,Posted: 5 June,all,DeadEyeMaster1,"Pros:1. Well crafted historical RTS WW2 game.2. Going very deep into the details of WW2 history, including units, maps and the SP plot. What's more, you can see the factions fighting on the Europe land.3. Fun experience whether it's SP slowing advancing to the end of Nazi, or MP playing as either axis or ally to win a intensified match.4. Game machenism is great, this installment focuses on verstality of combined force. Use them wisely it'll turn the tide of a match,or not5. Great soundtracks, great background music. The audio part is something that would motivate you into a great song of war.6. Extremely intoxicating.Cons:1. Awful optimization, always have weird stuttering intervals.2. Weird camera, can't zoom out even more.And it's useless with the Alt you know? Who uses that, the camera is already uncomfortable to look at.3. Can't remap the keys.This one is utterly atrocious.4. Still, the game feels clunky, UI-wise. It's not related to the gameplay stuttering, this one is that the UI would have laggy response.5. The whole system is very complicated, devs have a hard time making them user-friendly.6. DLCs are the SEGA thing, it's disgusting. Everything in game that would make you enjoy the game is payable. Ranges from Commanders, Bulletins to even skins.7. Above all, the control of the game just doesn't feel comfortable.Conclusion:It's really a 50-50 experience. The game itself is great, has great potentials and details waiting to explore. But the user experience is really bad, that it hasn't fixed yet since the game's launch. Give or take, you can buy this at discount time like this, have some fun with AIs."
,Recommended,231430,21174495,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,MarkEdBadulf,Only 4 words and 5 syllables are needed:FOR QUEEN AND COUNTRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111
76561198039313393,Recommended,231430,8784553,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,OdinHighwind,"Get the original Company of Heroes if you honestly want to experience this as it was supposed to be experienced.  From the 1st one to the 2nd they turned this game into a DLC cash cow all while stripping abilities that were staples in the 1st. Engineers can't build sandbag emplacements for both sides? Oh ok *sarcasm*. I can't garrison buildings and make forward outposts? Oh I need to pay for the general to do this... infantry are in varying ways imbalanced, particularly outside of using AT guns. Overrall CoH2 is a shell of what was an outstanding series. If you want to experirence CoH and what Relic USED to give us without getting greedy, get the complete 1st set + the mod with the Russians in it."
,Recommended,231430,8843921,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Wraith,"This game has a lot of improvements made from the previous COH in the series, especially the vehicle combat system. The strategy in the game has made it harder to use a single unit-class, forcing players to diversify more and expand their own playstyles. Some don't like it, but I actually welcome the change!I played through the Campaign, and while it was good for a stand-alone story, I can understand how Russians may take offense at it. I read some reviews saying it was a pro-Nazi perspective, making the Russians seem like the bad guys, but when I played it, I didn't get that feeling. The story seemed to have elements of truth in it, but pieces were exaggerated for the sake of cinematography in the game.The best part, however, is the multiplayer. The automatch system was an unusual change from vanilla COH's server-list selection, but after you get familiar with it, it's extremely helpful for getting the game you want to play online. Interestingly, when you start your auotmatch, it shows the percentage of German commanders and Soviet commanders also looking for games. I love this, because if I choose Soviets, but there's already a lot, I'll switch to German in a heartbeat to get into a game faster.I feel the balancing in the game is really good! I don't feel like one side is over-powered in any way, but they do have different playstyles that I love to utilize.Overall, I would certainly recommend this game to a friend. It's fun to play, it's beautiful to watch, and the combat is exhilirating. Worth every penny  I spent!"
76561198087571791,Recommended,231430,7127414,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,DanishViking,Best RTS game i have played in a while!
76561198045015022,Recommended,231430,21779711,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,antman160,11/10 Would get destroyed by OP britts again
76561198021613956,Recommended,231430,23641609,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Ericeel,"Hello everyone, as you can see, I have a lot of hours in this game. Once they worked out most of the bugs and leveled out the factions, it turned out to be good.This game isn't the greatest ever, but It was really easy to get immersed into it. As I said, not the greatest, but I still think that it's worth playing.Playing with the computer gets boring after playing it for.... well, a lot.So then you start playing online in PVP. I quickly learned that there is a specific strategy that needs to be played in order to win, and win quickly. Everyone develops their own, so they are all different, but if you're playing with friends, and talking to them over teamspeak, you can put together a good strategy to win. When I played, we used a rush strategy. If everything went right, we would most likely win within 15 minutes. Which is really fast in this game.One thing about this game thats different from most other RTS games is the Mirco gameplay. Units like Tanks, Arty, anti-tank guns, everything was very important. Like, if you lost a Tiger tank, to you, that is a huge hit. Its just a bit different from another RTS game where you have over 1k units attacking. Different playing.It was a good game. I stopped playing it cause it gets old-ish after 500 hours. I enjoyed it, and will play it again in the future.Mods have revived my love for this game."
76561198071389200,Recommended,231430,20623812,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,DarkLuke the Lusty Dragon,"Great game, but it feels a bit like CoH 1 just with better graphics/effects/textures. If you like CoH 1, you'll like this aswell. I see there's some eSports for this, but not much. Vanilla game works great, but everyone wants mods these days right? Well there are a few issues with mods, such as updating: When I subscribe to a mod or update one, it doesn't seem to ""realize"" I have the mod. Apparently it has something to do with server restarts or something? Not sure."
,Recommended,231430,26378604,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,[SUN] Dust038,"Background: I have been playing Real Time Strategy since the original Command & Conquer.  WWII is my favorite Theatre of War.  I am also a bit of a history nut when it comes to authenticity.The Many Faces of PVP:  COH2 has gone through many changes in PVP from the War Spoils Hack to Farming being defined in strange ways by the Dev Team.  Just reading through COH2 Forums there is a cross section of people on both sides of each new Initiative by the Devs (Who by the way are Active and Do Respond on the Forums).  No change goes unnoticed. Units can be a Hard or Soft Counter to other units which is a determination of their effectiveness against any given unit.Factions:  As of this writing there are a healthy number of Factions and Playstyles.  Playstyles here is a bit different from other RTS Games like C&C. So you choose a Faction (US, Russia, Early Germany, Late Oberk Germany, Britain) You then choose 3 commanders (only using 1 per battle) to further specialize your army or make up for its shortcomings. Some Armies like Oberk Germany are Late Game Powered where as Russia and US are Early Game Rushers.PvE Campaigns/Theatres/Scenarios: First things first the Ardennes Campaign Pre sale that included the 4th Ranger Battalion that makes the campaign much easier was a mistake and if you delve enough into the forums you'll find a immense number of upset individuals.    Bypassing that There is a huge variety of Scenarios available that the game really needed to help you understand the armies at your disposal.  The Russians and US have a campaign that immerses you into how their armies work but Germany did no so the Scenarios help you grasp how their armies function and ultimately how to Win. Right now the only exception is Britain who does not have a campaign so it is all self learning.The Code (Realism): So every game has its take on Realism. COH2 uses a series of variables to determine Hit% for units like glancing tank shots off Armor, weapon accuracy, and a Cover system to modify certain values.Social: This game's community is active and there is a built in function to connect to Twitch.TV in the User interface. Tournaments are held every so often so even though it has been out a while, there is still events to be part of.Final Thoughts: While not perfect even with all the DLC and changes to PVP,  COH2 is a great game of strategy that is ever evolving with the community and it is worth buying.As always be sure to watch gameplay videos before buying!"
76561198004811351,Recommended,231430,17418400,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,AbsoluteDeicide,"My anti-tank squad is hunkered down behind a wooden fence. They're pinned down by heavy machine gun fire originating directly in front, preventing them from peppering the medium German tank to their right with RPGs. A few feet ahead of them is a structure where they could find temporary shelter, but making a break for it would be suicide. To make matters worse, they are freezing to death. Too long in the harsh winter away from a warming fire or holed up inside a bunker and they'll start dropping like flies. An AT shell penetrates the vulnerable rear of the Nazi tank; my heavy AT gunners have finally finished turning their confiscated weapon toward the enemy. As the German treads whirl to face the new threat and the heavy machine gunners move to support it, my anti-tank squad takes the opportunity to hop the fence and makes it safely inside the house. RPG fire soon whizzes from the broken windows, striking the Axis armor. The tank is almost destroyed, but my AT gunners are getting cut down, soon too weak in number to man their weapon. Machinery roars like an angry beast as the smoking, crushed tank turns its' wounded turret toward the building and the German machine gunners pivot in the snow. There's a high pitched whine. Then a BOOM. The tank explodes. The Axis gunners try to retreat, but the bullets raining from the occupied building prove too much for them. They soon fall, shot in the back while trying to run. My mortar team emerges from the tree line and a group of engineers are not far behind, ready to build a fire for my dwindling army. That was only one tank down, and there were half a dozen more hiding somewhere in the cold Soviet night.Company of Heroes 2 works spectacularly on the micro level.  Maneuvering squads to ensure they have adequate cover and numbers to take on the enemy creates some truly impressive sights.  The more-zoomed-in-than-usual view makes for an experience not unlike watching a war movie being filmed from up high.  You're not just sending icons to meet enemy icons and hoping your rock beats their scissors or depending on a random roll of the dice to determine victory.  Moving each soldier into advantageous positions is nothing short of vital.  This is both a strength and weakness of the game.  If you don't babysit your crews expect them to make some questionable decisions.  They'll stand in the middle of the road as a tank rolls right up to them and cuts them to ribbons, or march right through an enemy stronghold without firing a shot.  The AI and pathfinding are questionable, so be prepared for a lot of clicking or a lot of dead soldiers.I'm not ashamed to admit I'm not well versed in real time strategy games, having only dabbled in a handful over the years. The aesthetic and setting of Company of Heroes definitely had me engaged and willing to learn more than most other genre offerings, but some legacy problems (for me, anyway...) kept me from a long term engagement.  The fourteen campaign missions are entirely staged affairs, and aside from a general overview of what you're meant to accomplish you're going in blind.  You could build up to the (small) population cap with mostly foot soldier fodder, running over enemy forces with impunity, only to run into a wall of tanks later that decimate them with a ticking timer or other encroaching objective looming that ensures you're ♥♥♥♥ed and need to reload a save or start the entire mission over again.  These are beginner's traps, and that's not good design.  You'll find ways to finish the battles eventually as you learn the requirements and the basics of the game, but that's not a good alternative to a sufficient tutorial and clear win conditions. A developer in a tutorial video encourages you to “watch YouTube videos” and “check with the community on forums” to learn the game, which “requires hundreds of hours to fully comprehend”... Maybe a bullet point for some, but personally I find it to be a little too much to ask.By the end of the campaign (on Easy) I was starting to get the basics down, but was running out of true single player content.  There are some skirmishes to check out and bot matches, but jumping into these scenarios seemed a bit useless at that point: more learning of specific skill sets to an overall game I'm probably not going to get much deeper into.  There's multiplayer, of course, for those who are interested in that.. but I'm not ready to jump into the meat grinder against RTS animals who have been playing Company of Heroes 2 (and only Company of Heroes 2) non-stop since it released two years ago.I don't know if I'll continue playing the game further or not, but I experienced the game as a solid 18 hour single player diversion.  It was fine for a casual RTS player like myself.  The WWII action is visceral and immediate, and moving platoons around the battlefield is satisfying if occasionally frustrating.  CoH2 doesn't seem to entirely escape from the genre trappings that I find rather off-putting, but taken as a chance to play weekend armchair general on the set of Saving Private Ryan it was enjoyable."
,Recommended,231430,16817427,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Chinesebagelkid,One of my most favorite games beacuse it is a WW2 RTS which has very good Graphics and GamePlay. Hail Hitler
,Recommended,231430,19323173,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,dacen315,"I've been a fan of the Company of Heroes series for a long time. I've owned the first game since 2007 (Steam doesn't have all of my countless hours with that game as I played most of it from the disc), but to this day, the original Company of Heroes is my favorite strategy game of all time. So when I heard a couple of years ago that they would be releasing a second game, this time taking place on the Eastern Front, I pre-ordered the game as quickly as I could.Company of Heroes 2, mechanically wise, is pretty much the same as the first game, but there are some slight improvements and new mechanics that make the game. You now have Capture Zones, where you can have a squad capture a territory whilst still being able to fight and makes it much easier for enemies to come in and try to stop that capture. The fog of war system was altered so that now you see what your soldiers see, making it much easier to take advantage of against your foe, or to be taken advantage of. The new winter system makes it so that your soldiers will die in the cold if not given sufficient cover or warmth, just imagine being in the middle of a firefight with your whole army and all of a sudden a blizzard begins and you have no fires whatsoever. That kind of dynamic can really alter the course of a battle.However, at the end of the day, I can only give Company of Heroes 2 a cautious recommendation. The main problem with this game is the paid DLC within the in-game store, with my main pet peeve being the commanders. In the game, commanders serve the same function as the ""Tech Trees"" in the first game, except now, you can unlock new commanders and swap them out, and each commander has different abilities to bring to the table. You can also purchase commanders, and the most powerful commanders are the ones always purchased. Sure, you can unlock commanders, but it is very rare to do so, and you don't even get to choose which commander you unlock. Commanders are, essentially, pay to win. Maybe that's a bit unfair, because you can still win without them, but your odds go down significantly.Company of Heroes 2 IS a good game, but some of its business practices may make this a tough sell."
,Not Recommended,231430,13893892,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"I was pretty surprised to see a fun strategy game in COH2. I was expecting a game with slow and laborious units with little territory gains, instead I got a point capture game with multiple strategic elements. My original post recommended this game. However, after I encountered so many BUG SPLAT errrors and disconnects. I've decided to thumb it down. It's also Pay To Win. They were selling the rare British commanders (Blue) for cash.$9.75+$5+$3.25PROS1. No Bob-the-builderYou don't have to build many production facilities to mass produce your armies. It really helps that you don't have to worry about issues like trapping your units within your building maze.2. Model OrientationHaving a zone of fire, front and back armour, angled shots and wall blocking really helped in creating strategy for the game. This is the one thing I don't really see in other Real Time Strategy Games, rushing from the front or the back yields the same result for other games.3. CampaignA lot of historical significance from World War II. I am unsure of its accuracy but I do hope that they got important details like dates, names, locations, who won and what went on correct.4. Unit Cap / Pop CapWorks pretty well. Having lesser units to control helps to balance the game for those with lower Actions Per Minute (APM)5. RetreatVery convenient button. It's good to use when you want your troops to run fast and back to base. Don't know why only infantry have them. Vehicles do not have retreat functions oddly.6. Terrain and WeatherSurprisingly, there are a lot of interesting terrain. Ice which breaks when fire upon or when heavy tanks run over. Snow and Mud which affects your movement. Blizzards which kill your infantry (don't really like this one since tanks seems invulnerable to blizzards, making them more valuable).CONS1. DLC, DLC, DLCEverything I see on the store page is DLC, DLC, DLC. It is annoying to know that you can't play certain sides unless you splash out the dough. I've heard that there are expansion packs but you can see that they are divided into smaller packs.2. RetreatYou can't stop the troops mid way of a retreat. They run all the way back to bask. I would prefer some kind of retreat that lets you choose either 50% or 100% of the distance back. Why? Because some times I just want to flank and I need to move fast, but retreating at 100% means I have to call them at base.3. No quick end strategyThere is no zerging in this game. You can't just end the game early as all bases have machine guns and infantry die very easily to them. I don't know if this is actually that bad.4. Mine placementVery, very slow and tiny. No circle to show the radius of explosion. They only work well with chokepoints. I was hoping if they could make a grid (minefield) instead of an extended line. Since the mines cost ammunition to plant, players can't spam them abitrarily. Also, more mines would make mine detection actually useful. You could also add abilities to scan for mines that way.5. Mine sweepingAbsolutely redundant. If there is mine, there is usually a machine gun guarding. So, the engineer has trouble removing it. Never played a game where engineers needed mine detection.6. T1>T2>T3Most games tend to be won by a high tech tank domination. The game seems to end only when one side builds up their most powerful heavy armour tanks e.g. Tiger Ace, Panther, KV-8, Elefant. I don't really remember games when light and medium tanks won.7. Bug Splat Errors ******Too many to count. Every time someones disconnects it's usually a Bug Splat error or a map problem. The game is complete at all. The errors just occur randomly or when servers are full."
76561198052759278,Recommended,231430,16588326,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,LeXauriN.,Very good game
76561198058618832,Recommended,231430,15846820,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Nightwolf,"Company of Heroes 2 is a very solid and engaging RTS. I picked up the COH2 Master Collection which is an awesome deal and contains all of the DLC factions. Each DLC faction feels unique and are fun to play with.On a separate note, COH2 seriously needs an optimization patch. I have a high end rig yet I can barely hit 30 fps. This seems to be a common issue among players with high end rigs/GPUs. Hopefully the devs release a patch to fix this issue. Also, unlocks in this game take way too long."
76561198084959984,Recommended,231430,14859192,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Paladin GreenJay,"I have a simply thing to say, the amount of DLC is staggering/annoying, but do not seem to make it P2W in my experience, and I had to TRY and find DLC commanders that even looked useful (I think i bought five tops, whilst they were on sale, I don't even use them primarily) . The extra factions (Western Front) , however, add a worthy amount of content for the price for sure, don't have ardennes assault to judge for. Fun game, And IMHO better than first game by alot, mostly due to the way line of sight seems to work."
,Recommended,231430,27376956,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ExaltedEximus,"It's a pretty fun game to play alone, and even better if you have a bunch of friends to muck around with. Just make sure your infantry are used as meatshields for your Panzers, and bring tank smokes. Lots of tank smoke."
76561198007206745,Recommended,231430,18228199,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Panzer520,Played hundreds of hours on this game.  This is superior to Coh1 and has alot to offer.  Graphics are great and the game play endless.
,Recommended,231430,22020970,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Paul,"**NB:Add to wishlist and wait for a sale, this game has lots of DLC and can get quite expensive if you buy at full price****COH2 sales seem to occur fairly regularly, up to every other month, either here or on humblebundle**The good and the bad:+ Good variety, each commander alters the gameplay to some unique degree (at least in longer games).+ Several commanders per faction, so you've got a bit to choose from even with the basic package+ Gets very deep - You'll be learning new tricks all the time, as you get better at the game new styles of gameplay suddenly become viable.+ Excellent graphical detail and very detailed unit animations, I've spent hours looking at replays from ground level with UI removed+ Gradual learning curve - You'll beat the easy AI relatively quickly, from there  you can start automatching with strangers vs easy / medium AI, upgrading to hard whenever you feel like it :)+ Community (on reddit andcoh2.org)is well populated, and fairly friendly.+ Automatch vs AI was a brilliant idea.+ Commanders and unit skins sometimes drop as loot- Loot drop is exceedingly rare.- Lots of expensive DLC- In-game F2P-like store for skins and commanders, with outrageous prices and no noteworthy sales for as long as it has existed (though the store does support it)- Coop scenarios are not really fun, and often quite broken (recommend not buying them)- Automatch for PvP games is a horrible experience, at least for 2v2, 3v3 and 4v4- Expert AI isn't really an expert, just Hard AI with resource cheats turned on.- In automatch (both coop and versus) you'll meet a few people who will only play whatever's considered OP at the moment. Gets annoying. Most of them aren't even good at it.My personal impression:This game has the greatest range of tactical options I've ever seen in an RTS.So many things to do and react to - after 200+ hours I'm still learning new stuff.100% of my gametime has been coop skirmish (automatch with strangers vs AI or custom games with friends) or versus-games (automatch vs people who roflstomp us)Once you start reliably beating Hard AI, your options for fun gameplay (vs AI) start drying up. If you've got a friend on roughly the same level, I'd recommend playing versus-games with each other, using AI to even out any disparity in skill - I.E. player 1 gets a medium AI and player 2 gets a Hard AI. Ideally, you'll end up with even odds.DLC and pricing:If you're looking at DLC, I'd recommend going for the faction DLC only. The rest won't add much, other than the ability to choose some new maps in custom games.The commanders available in the steam store are Wehrmacht and Soviet only. No OKW, even though some of them look like it. They'll occasionally be on sale, bringing the price down to reasonable levels.All commanders available via Steam Store are listed here:http://store.steampowered.com/sale/Company_of_Heroes_2_Commanders/"
76561198045345640,Recommended,231430,23968633,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,McAwe5ome,"Hello Ladies and Gentlemen!I've been playing this game for about 100+ hours and I realy enjoy it! You need about 10-15 hours to understand the game mechanics! About the DLC's, i fully recommend all of the DLC's, because they make this game even much more fun to play and I also fully reccomend the Ardennes Assault DLC. It's asolutly worth it!Love Colin"
76561198119195734,Recommended,231430,21963222,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,SoulxJY,"This game is like a mix a starcraft and league of legends, you have the many controlable units, and you have skills for every unit but you treasure every unit, and every person on the team, because thats how LOL players are suppose to be!!"
76561198233599476,Recommended,231430,22014747,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Phoenix92,By far the best strategy game I've ever played.
,Recommended,231430,21977291,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Happy To Disturb,awesome game. multiplayer also nice.  I would give 100/10.
76561198053272936,Recommended,231430,14150904,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,GamerPriest,"Well compare to the first Company of Heroes game became more fluent and hardened. When i first started to play i didn't liked this game i thought the first one was better however after playing for few hours now i can see why Company of Heroes 2 is worth of his money.In summary;+Game is more fluent but becareful that your PC is enough to play this game at least medium graphs.+AI became more smart which is made the game a little harder. First game was too easy.+Campaign story was much more emotinal and effective, more dramatic.+Producing units is much more realistic. (You will know what i mean when you played the game, i'm not gonna tell why i don't want to give you guys spoiler.)+New units and abilities are much realistic also gives players to make lots of new strategies.+Flanking became much more important direct attack will not work at first time at least at hard mode so fights are became more realistic.+Side Objectives need to be done other than Main Objectives they can't be completed by doing the Main Objective. (At Company of Heroes One most of the Side Objetives finishing it selfes by doing the Main Objective.-Menu became more complex comparing with Company of Heroes One.-Gameplay became more complex too again comparing with Company of Heroes One at the beginning of the game.-Differences with region unit powers effects directly the gameplay which it makes the player gets angry sometimes. ^^-Campaign main objectives are supriseful which is a good thing however sometimes those suprises became frusturating by effecting the gameplay directly.-After few campaign missions players might feel unsafe therefore it gives the feeling that you have to save your every progress which is makes the game eaiser at somepoint cause everytime you became defeted by a shock attack you will have a saved game and this a bad thing for me.As a conclusion i really want you guys to buy this game cause this game worth his price and you must experince this RTS."
76561198074086895,Recommended,231430,31089488,Posted: 11 April,all,Gushers,"I cannot  play the addrennes assault dlc. The first mission is glitched when it tells me to buy the BAR weapon rack, and equip my infantry with them. I have the weapon rack package, and i watched youtube playthroughs, and they all have the BAR only weapon rack upgrade. I just dont get how to fix this and it pisses me off."
,Recommended,231430,13692775,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,C1 SithWarrior,"Worth getting when its around $10, hardly played the main story notting really keeps me playing it like the original game, but the online is still pretty good the mods keep me playing pretty cool what some folks have done even remakes of CoH 1 maps, Theater of War is ok because you can play them co-op with friends."
,Recommended,231430,33500581,Posted: 13 July,all,The_Centurion,"Beautiful strategy game , tried to balance the factions and made a great multiplayer game ."
,Recommended,231430,8283380,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,AeonixG,"Rejoice Brothers & Sisters, For this is one epic WW2 RTS game out there! Relive the Moments! For MotherRussia! X3"
76561198007558399,Recommended,231430,28458038,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,zombieamericano,"Very fun game, and a worthy successor to the original. Most negative reviews are about the amount and cost of DLC, much of which wasn't really needed to enjoy the game. The base game is quite enjoyable on its own, and has Workshop support to extend it's life. And the game and it's DLC are much less costly than they were originally, and often on sale.  The only thing I will caution is that as I grew up on games like Total Annihilation and C&C, this game is a click fest in comparison to older RTS titles and requires a whole lot more micro management. I find the game more challenging than most I think but still enjoyable, others might not enjoy it because of that though."
,Recommended,231430,24116790,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ecchi-Sensei,"Great game ,Good story ,Great soundtrack just one thing I hate is the gameplay >Tank not turn to position I command > Tank is engage need to turn the front armor tank it show up but sometime tank is turn his♥♥♥♥♥rear armor) show up and my tank dead , Tank is use HP bar not tank crew system no detrack no ammo racks(but still the dead animation have it) , the gunner is blind very close range miss the shot but sometime autoaim is good and the Infanty is need the cover(shield color type) to count the damage which squad is good cover(gold shield) take less damage, Well I say it shorty>It not realistic battle to much for someone who love realistic battle like MOW:AS2 WT I'm not recommend it but If someone like it for fun not serious to much about realistic I recommend the co op quest still have people to help or go with Mr.Smartless AI.and If I wrong something or miss something in this script I sorry about it maybe I will edit it."
76561198006521653,Recommended,231430,24562996,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,BorderReaper,My buddy and I play this game on a regular basis agianst the AI...we love it!  Awesome strategy game..I miss you THQ!
,Recommended,231430,24580529,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Captain Yumyumho,"I played it for a bit and i know people say it's unbalanced but honestly i havent felt it, maybe i haven't played long enough but i would recommend if you are a fan of games like men of war. In all it's a pretty good game"
76561198097705451,Recommended,231430,24562021,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,HandofGod,get this
76561198095582499,Recommended,231430,24622984,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Shadeleovich,"An amazing WW2 strategy game, a long and thrilling campaing and an even better and fun multiplayer experience!"
,Recommended,231430,25202754,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Luxxor,Single-player campaign is fun
76561198037138219,Recommended,231430,25574269,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Royse89_FT,"A worthy successor to the original, Company of Heroes 2 brings the horrific events of the Great Patriotic War to life with updated graphics, even more polished mechanics and a lot better story than the one presented in CoH.This title boasts a wide variety of missions, like infiltrate behind enemy lines with limited resources, exfiltrate damaged tank etc. This, not so often, feature ensures that your playthrough remains fresh and ""never a dull moment"".Also, CoH 2 very accurately captures immoral decisions that higher Soviet command made, most notably the infamous Order 227. It adds not only to moral engagement, it is actually apart of the gameplay that matters. Will you be a good field marshall and will try to spare the lives of your troops, spending more time for proper recon and provide them with support? Or will you just herd them to the front line, with no training, support or even a slim chance of survival, knowing that you can always replace them with fresh forces, argumenting that Soviet Union can afford the casualties?A little downside is DLC policy Sega had chosen. They are costly and there are a lot of them. I would recommend waiting for some -50to75 % discount to grab all of the content.Overall, great RTS set in an interesting location during the most gloomy time-period of our civilization."
76561198054838594,Recommended,231430,25596192,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,TIELORDE,I love rts this is a really good one
,Recommended,231430,25577213,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Prof. Severus Sour,"Love this game! Campaign is very interesting, figured out the hard way trying to win against 4 US factions is very hard considering that my whole team was the early Germans.I recommend getting this game, one of the best WW2 games (my opinion)"
76561198065978778,Recommended,231430,25563332,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Panastation,top 5 in war rts gamessolid solid buy!!!outa 5 starsgrafics 4.2gameplay 4.5music  3.5you cant go wrong with this game.
,Recommended,231430,25595384,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,DEATHSTROKE,"more factions, tanks, units and fun than coh1"
76561198030623435,Recommended,231430,12677650,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Summer Field,"okay the DLC price has been tweaked, sales rregular weekly in turn, balance tweaked but not perfect, anyway, playable"
,Recommended,231430,14239993,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,proaliahmadr,"Excellent Graphic,Environment & Gameplay!Worth for its price.*Must buy for Player who fan of RTS/WW2 Game"
76561198285134948,Recommended,231430,24124699,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Mawla,"I love the game,it is sooo good"
,Recommended,231430,24110185,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,S.P.C Twist,Some blancing issues from patch to patch but its good fun.
,Recommended,231430,28353052,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Senjenclia,"Company of Heroes 2 (CoH2) is a Real-Time Strategy game based in the perodic time of the second world war. CoH2 is seen as a cop-off of the first title (Comapny of Heroes) as the game lacked content and focus on the national faction of the USSR or Soviet Union. The campaign itself isn't an amazingly one told, with the game holding your hand throughout the story but the main point of an RTS isn't the story but the competetive online match between players. CoH2 over the years have realease downloadable and standalone content like the United State Force, the SS Oberkommando plus the recent addition of the British Forces. Online PvP is a battle of balance as many see a certain factions as more power than others but it comes down to the response of an individual and their decision making. Perfect for people who vaulve risk-reward situations. CoH2 acted as a filling for a void during the downtime of game production."
,Recommended,231430,31953381,Posted: 25 May,all,-=GHS=-WaterPyro,"awesome game, quite fun. Although I hate the fact everything is a DLC with a pricetag. Basic Game gives you two expansions soviets and germans, but the other 3 races are $19.99. I rather the whole game be unlocked with all content instead of giving you a small portion of the game for lower fee. Game is fun though!.  Never played the single player because you have to pay for that as well."
,Recommended,231430,31991348,Posted: 27 May,all,British [DEATH],"This game is very addictive when on hard and the AI just keep pushing and pushing.Me and my friends probably spend an hour on each match we play always come away with a victory after we get pushed all the way back to our basses and spending 30 minutes building tanks, then we just rush their base because after an hour the map is all taken and the AI has amassed a big army around 1 point, so it makes it easy to rush their base, I love this game"
,Recommended,231430,31932127,Posted: 24 May,all,Serian,Love the game
,Recommended,231430,31919343,Posted: 23 May,all,rob.gryn,"Classic, best RTS ever."
,Recommended,231430,31960858,Posted: 25 May,all,FightForCountry,It's real good. The DLCs are mostly worth it too. Recommend.
76561197960549303,Recommended,231430,31895255,Posted: 21 May,all,OCB+.,Awesome rts feels great
76561198326160694,Recommended,231430,32013341,Posted: 27 May,all,Toccata,it's wroth to play
76561198052730056,Recommended,231430,31811766,Posted: 17 May,all,Tofrosty,Bought this with a humble bundle and Its some of the best RTS ive ever played. I can get that MG in that building 10/10
76561198036130599,Recommended,231430,31905764,Posted: 22 May,all,YoungGayUglyNerdyVirginFattyFat,"Yes, even with the balance issues, the meta commanders that are overpowered compared to others, the obvious differential of pricing said oviously better commanders, the lack of partnered spawm with the partner you are grouped with, the lack of penalty for anyone leaving a multiplayer game, the inability to reconnect after you've left the game, the terrible multiplayer AI that ruins games when someone leaves.Even with all that.  Still, this is my favorite game.  Hands down the most intense, moment to moment stratedgy game, with the highest level of real time action stratedgy.  Every game is varied, graphics are fun, level destruction is great.100%, I will buy anything relic puts out in company of heroes.  They've won me as a customer for life.I wish this game received the proper attention.  And if the multiplayer issues were addressed, I'm sure the community would be less toxic.  The balance is adequate at this point, and the game has gone through some major changes in the past few months.  It's time to focus more on multiplayer matching and disconnect mechanics in my opinion.Regardless, T-up sirs."
76561198044368772,Recommended,231430,31927920,Posted: 23 May,all,Calso ★,easy as picking up a bird in carrdiff
76561198258108800,Recommended,231430,32004388,Posted: 27 May,all,Thotslayer,"This game is overall fun,  I suggest grabbing it during a steam sale with some DLC (Not the british one, I have it and it adds little content, just one faction to play as). Once you finish the campaign , you can go on to play skirmishes against AI, that can be hard to fight when on standerd.  This game requires actual thought and stratigy, you cant just launch all your troops and expect to win, you have to move them stratigicly.   Some games, like CSGO can have very boring AI, but I assure you that on standerd they will push you back, and there will be a struggle for victory.  Most games take at least an hour, but against AI you can save your game and pick up later.  ,If you pick it up on sale, it will be well worth the price.  By the way, you can choose to play as two factions (not in the campaign) without DLC, Russia or Germany and both are fun to play with and DLC can get you american soildeirs, British and an additional German faction."
76561198161863687,Recommended,231430,29069237,Posted: 6 January,all,odeley,"A great RTS with a lot of improvements compared to its predecessor (COH still is a great game too), and these really give the game some extra edge. You can see and hear that the designers put quite some weight on historical accuracy. The sound effects improved a lot and make you feel like you're in the middle of the battle.Playing against the AI is fun and the reward system is a good idea. Havn't tried the campaign mode really but will give it a shot some time. Also cool to see how much effort the community puts into improving the game through modding and balancing.Overall a very positive impression after playing some 50 hours.Thank you and keep up the good work"
76561198105835364,Not Recommended,231430,22263847,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Seive,Took me some time to figure out they have DLCs for DLCs.
,Recommended,231430,24714851,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Thiccy Mouse,"I love the game, best WW2  strategy game I played!"
,Not Recommended,231430,32703523,Posted: 23 June,all,Amon Goeth,play axis to win always
,Not Recommended,231430,32719819,Posted: 24 June,all,TinyPower,"I just can't stand it changed from ""Halt!"" to ""Stop!"", making me pressing the wrong button 98% of the time. GG.Edit: And this game is poorly optimized... My GTX 1050 Ti still runs it sort of laggy about this goddamn ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I know it's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GPU, but if this thing runs GTA V with little to zero problems, it should run this game perfectly, at least I am expecting that.  I am currently running with 720p and lowest graphics hoping not suffering those huge lag spikes again."
76561198082878525,Not Recommended,231430,32842583,Posted: 26 June,all,粉红Panther,It would be a great game if it stops being so lag!
76561198107888514,Recommended,231430,30362687,Posted: 6 March,all,Liczy się Korwin!!!!,COMPANY OF HEROES 2ADVENTAGES:-GOOD GRAPHICKS-NICE CAMPAIGN-REALLY GOOD MULTIPLAYER-WORKSHOP- +/- HISTORICALLY CORRECT-SATISFYING GAMEPLAYDEFECTS:-A FEW BUGS AND ERRORS-SOMETIMES THE LIMIT OF POPULATION IS ANNOYING
,Recommended,231430,4458184,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,FassQi,一句话! 水雷味十足!
76561198192445650,Recommended,231430,30052622,Posted: 19 February,all,Lazy Cat,Good game you can have a lot of fun with mods and its a good strategy game
76561198081958854,Recommended,231430,32142245,Posted: 2 June,all,Curtis-Chris,"l like this game better than ""hand job""."
,Not Recommended,231430,21503835,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"I'll finally give this game a review well deserved.First of all, the game is good but it's not as great as the first one but that is not the reason why I do not recommend it.If you search for ""CoH2"" in the Steam research, you'll understand why and that is nothing, there is a lot more in the in-game store.They sell for more than ""100$"" of stuff that ain't even worth 10$ the whole kit.But you know develeopers these days, they think that their game and that their crap is worth something while it's barely even worth the 90% of what they say it is worth.This game feels like a Free2play game but that you have to pay money once to get the game.I love to pay for my games, as long as it is not a crappy mobile port, a crappy console port (I can make an exception once or twice but the port must be at least playable), it has no crappy overpriced DLCs (such as Call of Duty does and even this game), it is not overpriced (let's face it, every damn games ever are overpriced nowadays because of greedy developers and brainless sheeps who encourage them), online required to play a single-player game (I'm looking at you The Crew and there are so many games that are like that nowadays) and last but not least the microtransactions in a paid game.Keep that sh** in your crappy free2play games, I won't complain there because I do not play crappy free2play games but when you bring that kind of sh** in a overpriced paid game then there's a fu**ing problem.Personally, I would not suggest you to buy this game except at 75% or more (the complete pack).You should especially think about getting Company of Heroes plus its expansions if you haven't yet.It is way better in every terms except the graphics but the graphics doesn't make the game.The mods are way better in Company of Heroes than in this one.You have great mods such as Eastern Front, Blitzkrieg, Europe In Ruins, Great War 1918.And you even have a mod that adds the Japanese faction which is called The Far East War that is unfortunately just a beta but still better than the whole modding on Company of Heroes 2, thanks to Relic/SegaTo be honest, when I first saw Company of Heroes 2, I thought they would have added the Japanese, the Italians, the commonwealth and maybe the French and the Canadians but nope, none of them, only the Russians and the Nazis.Then later they added a few factions that we have to pay for that should have already been in the base game.7.5/10 for the game itself0/10 for how Relic treats its fans and the community in general."
,Recommended,231430,24378130,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Alaskan Bull Worm,"Lots of dlc, but fun either way."
,Recommended,231430,35196752,Posted: 24 September,all,Maj /// Minase // Kyle,"If anyone joins your multiplayer game, it's mandatory you have to download all their skins and bullcrap off the workshop.  That's pretty lame, and starts to take up massive space on your HD as well as use huge amounts of bandwith.Then they just troll you anyways like people always do in these games, with their huge sequence of hotkey spamming that they've memorized the way asian people do with starcraft.But if you're just playing with friends against AI it's pretty good."
,Recommended,231430,1808208,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Spooky Pleb,You can control things. Top down.
,Recommended,231430,14291059,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,^Deviance,"Company of Heroes 2 breaks away from the original, focusing on the Russian and American push on the Axis forces toward the end of the second world war. The feel is similar to the first, but more clinical, allowing for greater tactical plays online, especially with the line of sight fog of war. Blizzards hinder players in the battle, making it extremely difficult to push points in the storm. The variation of styles of play between 1v1, 2v2, 3v3 and 4v4 is epic, from scattered skirmishes to all-out tank battles with raining artillery storms, it gives the player a different experience every single game. The Russian campaign included in the title and additional DLC Ardennes Assault (American) are both indepth stories including cut-scenes and dialogue that make you feel a part of the cause. The replayability of Company of Heroes 2 is unbelievable, with amazing co-op games online with tank battles that can only be described as epic eye candy.100% worth the buy, and have a look at the Arsennes Assault DLC too.10/10"
,Not Recommended,231430,1000817,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Alien Boogaloo,"Used to have a positive review of the game when it came out, but it's turned into an absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with zero balance.British anti-air emplacements 100-0 infantry in less than a second, that very same emplacement is then able to withstand two flamers, a Panzer IV and a Panther shooting at it. Not only was said little bunker able to withstand the fire, it was also capable of penetrating the front armor of a PANTHER tank, destroying it.Since when can two Brits behind sandbags withstand more than massive German frontal-panzer steel?"
,Recommended,231430,33346581,Posted: 7 July,all,St. Stones,"Love it. The best game I've ever played. No old software needed. Excellent on Windows 10. Moreover, they should make a Japan dlc though."
,Recommended,231430,33815594,Posted: 26 July,all,SpaceFace,"The Company of Heroes games hold a special place in my game heart. They redefined what I thought an RTS game can be. Company of Heroes 2, while maybe not as extrordinary as it's predicessor, carries the torch well. It isn't perfect, nothing is, and the balance could be better, but the core mechanics are solid and the new features such as weather and sightlines adds a welcome level of depth. There is a great modding community that really extends the life of this game from gameplay tweaks to total conversions. The progression system feels a little grindy but it's mostly asthetic anyways so you aren't really missing out on anything. The three additional factions are a must if you want to really enjoy this game and considering that they come with their own campaigns I think it's worth the cost."
76561198080512687,Recommended,231430,33324725,Posted: 6 July,all,Raging Rooster,"This game is a bit difficult to review. On one side you have a pretty awesome game, on the other side you have a rather terrible DLC policy.So let's see..The game itself; it's good. It's actually very good. And yes, compared to the original Company of Heroes, it's also better. I was sceptical at first myself, but if you set the nostalgia aside, there is no other conclusion. Just truesight alone makes it so much better, and that's a big improvement from a tactical point of view. Other than that there are small(er) tweaks here and there, and they all improve the game in some form or another. All factions are viable and offer quite a different playstyle.If you like the original Company of Heroes, don't be afraid to try this. I know there's a lot of hate, but I can safely say thatgame-wise, most (if not all) of it is simply unfounded.Now, to the other part.. I'd say you do need at least the Master Collection. Why? Because the base game has less than half the content available compared to that. Less factions, less everything. Really, don't buy just the base game, you'll likely be disappointed.At €40,- the pricetag is rather high for a 2013 game, and since you're basically forced to buy the Master Collection for a decent experience, I'd definitely wait for a sale.Then there's the DLC Commanders. They went to the next level to hide this from the Steam Store, a pretty disgusting move if you ask me. But do youreallyneed to buy those? Well, no, and yes, sorta, maybe?The different commanders offer some different units and abilities compared to other commanders, some of which you get for free. Some are nice and useful, some a little less.  Some of the commanders you can buy are definitely ""better"" than the free ones, but others are not, and it greatly depends on the map, your personal playstyle, your opponents playstyle, your allies, etc. And that's the crux of it:it all depends on a lot of thingsand a lot of people seem to forget that.So is the game pay to win? I'd say it's not. It may look like it is to some, but it's not. Skill matters more, but yes, certain commanders make certain things more easy or at least more fun. All in all, the fact that they've hidden it leaves a bad taste in my mouth, and they're definitely enticing you to buy them. That said, if you sign up for the newsletter, you get 30k ingame gold, which buys you two commanders.Conclusion: great game: 9/10, it's going to bring me many more hours of fun. Their DLC policy is 1/10, utter poop."
76561198047626537,Recommended,231430,23288745,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,corkiecork,great game
,Recommended,231430,23475726,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Pedantic_Fusilier,It's like roulette and Counter Strike; fun until it turns russian.
,Recommended,231430,23690863,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Lightlyseasoned,This game is a great RTS. My problem is that it has a steep learning curve for anyone new to an RTS. But it has a great story and awesome battles.
76561197966155245,Recommended,231430,23708335,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,{UHS}Stumpy,Just a brilliant game !!!
,Recommended,231430,24408084,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,[TNG] Babagunush,"Buddy and I would play this game sitting in the same room tactically. Makes for great strategy coordination - 4 eyes on one game. We were playing a round against the Russians and they were bringing an overwhelming force of Armor across a frozen river towards us. We had one option, fire artillery @ the ice. Timing was perfect, artillery round struck the ice as the KV that would have decimated our small force and broke the ice! KV falls through, and Der Vaterland was victorious.10/10 would break ice again!"
,Recommended,231430,27879934,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,big chris,Good game in its day. Currently in a boring state thanks to some design and balance decisions.
76561197961263658,Recommended,231430,27882964,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sparks[2021],"This game totally holds up. THQ, in general, has ruined other RTSs for me. The squad mechanics are completely superior to the C&C/Starcraft model of single unit selection and combat. The general abilities, factions, and overall unit variance makes for incredibly dynamic matches. Can't wait for a sequel."
,Recommended,231430,28160434,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Nuuskahomo,This like WWI game
76561198010054628,Recommended,231430,28171623,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ak47communist,"Great game with tons of units and tactics. The DLC marketing is strong in this game where you they offer you a variety of vehicle skin paint jobs, decals, or to buy new Commanders with different skill trees and perks. The only thing bad I can say about this game, is how segmented the DLC packs are, I mean I don't mind microtransactions as long as it's reasonable. I would rather games have just ONE expansion pack filled with content."
,Recommended,231430,24006452,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,BribeMaster,"I really loves the gameplay of any Company of Heroes, World War 2 styles, and the strategic didn't use the easy way. You can win the war by just 1 squad of riflemens + AT weapon and 1 sniper (Campaign Mode), just use a best tactic you could do for this. Love it! I recommend this game for who wants a hardcore strategy games."
76561198029021209,Recommended,231430,24414965,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Ursucot,"Most captivating RTS game I've played. The fact that line of sight is influenced by terrain and most defensive structures have facing make flanking manouvers much more rewarding. Good use of terrain can win you many battles so I can almost be the general I always wanted.Only downside is that there is no desert map. I want to be a desert fox, but still out of reach."
,Recommended,231430,28742956,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,samtaylorg,Once you learn how to play properly (which is quite hard) you'll love it.
76561198007336840,Recommended,231430,24433445,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,KlemenxzorUndFeltrand,"ADVISED ONLY IF YOU BUY ON SALE. Becouse extra content is actually cool! And you want to have all armies, trust.Else its really too expensive for your wallet... Specially if you seperatly buy becouse you dont have time to wait for that steam sale...Actual review should come about here now with this creeping barrage of the sentances.Ah here we are. This game does looks up to its predecesor, the original CoH and has an added in a feeling from the Dawn of War 2 when it comes to controling units sometimes. However it stays true to its interface format of the one of the CoH so one who played old CoH quickly adapts to this warmachine.It is hard to adapt however becouse tutorioal is SERIOUSLY missing. I really loved that tutorial from the Company of Heroes. It really felt like bootcamp basic training. *rides around on Panzer IV Stubby*The game rewards the hard work. Or does it? I am not particularly sure but: if you like to be rewarded with ingame currency or candy for your completed mission, and its faction you used in game: than it is. if you hate farming the three missions to get a candy, than it aint.Sometimes there are free skins for grabs around, with which you adorn your veichles that you send them to ridicolous death becouse you didnt noticed that it was already turned around and your backdrive command made it turn even more around.If you love to kite around with micromanaging, i will tell you that you are gonna have a lot of fun here. Sending in your units with machinepistols to close combat is rewarding, while your machinegun rains hell from afar.in end however a sad thing is a lot can be won by only one tactic: spam veichles.A bad thing about this game is also the fact that if you buy ONLY THE BASIC... You are gonna have a bad time. A lot of its fun content you have to pay for. but in end it is rather cool.it is definitly a game that deserved grade of 8/10 in the many gaming magazines. However that is, if you have the content bought together in a package...If you dont have main things of extra content. You can grade this game easily to 6."
76561198072238790,Recommended,231430,28750283,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,JingleBing,"Very good game for those who like RTS's and WWII, very big selection of units on both sides and a wide selection of maps. If you ever get board of this game try the mods, they make the game a whole lot better."
76561197993563265,Recommended,231430,28211859,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,CaseyK,dope
76561197984170041,Recommended,231430,9955230,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Luckboxr,"it's ok, but coh1 is still better"
76561198015983454,Recommended,231430,14768225,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,mna,"This game is awesome! It's not pay to win...I'm not sure why people say it is. The only thing you can buy for this game are commanders, and you can actually unlock them from just playing the game long enough! The default commanders that come with the game are actually good....only reason using different commanders are to use different play styles. A good player can win with the default commanders...they really are not game deciding. The game got off to a bad start like most PC games now...companies release them before they are ready, but now it is way better and much more balanced."
76561198163154674,Not Recommended,231430,35397316,Posted: 1 October,all,Fallschirmjager,I brought base version of this game back in 2014 but now everything needs to be purchased again.I were able to play the standard campaign back in 2014 but now I can't even play the campaign without buying it again . The multiplayer sucks. I live in the US but it feels like you are playing in North Korea. It takes so long to find a teammate.Do not buy this game because it's a in-game purchase trap.
,Recommended,231430,13098230,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,VTG1800,"Best RTS games series all timeBest Graphics, Gameplay, Sound, Multiplayer, and more"
,Recommended,231430,13578559,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ZYPHON XGAZREW,"Much better than expected, the game is much better than it looks."
,Recommended,231430,9396407,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Raziel,"edit september 17 :- okay I played a few games yesterday and all day today after a about a year (sadly I forgot to look at when I last played exactly before launching) and other than me still having the touch, I can't for the life of me find out why people are hating on the game so much. (I agree the dlc policy and MTs are a bit attrocious BUT) In regards to the balance of the game, it feels more or less okay, its certainly not anywhere near as horrible as it was closer to launch or in the first game. (axis OP)as for the dlc bit, If you have the four factions, the two from base game and the two added via dlc's with like 1 commander that you have to buy in game, which you can easily get with some grinding or plopping down a little cash, then you have the complete game multiplayer wise!! stop crying about ""not getting the complete experience"" because you don't really need the other stuff!!unless of course if you are a fan of singleplayer or coop more than the multiplayer, then The ardene assault and all the mission packs are important in which case do what I did and wait for a good sale on steam or elsewhere(humblebundle.com)to get them.previous Edit (march 2016):- The short version is that it is an excellent tactical rts and you wont regret buying it if you are into ww2 stuff..... its on sale right for 9.99 if you got the greens then dont think just go for it....7/10 -  three points deducted becuase I dont like the graphical style they chose and because I don't like how they're pricing some of the dlc'sWasn't recommendable at release or even a few months down the line. No body expected relic to follow up the best RTS game of all time with this kind of game but slowly and surely many of the issues with the game have been addressed and whats more because of it not being p2p like the first coh, lagging is no longer an issue. Definitely worth playing if you like strategy games but know that it's the multiplayer and a very unique Theater of War mode (sp and coop) are what this game is worth buying for not for the sp campaign (quite mediocre) unlike sega's Total War games where the reverse can be said to be true..."
76561198142920592,Recommended,231430,19347576,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Esvirenson,Es delomejoes laberintos
,Recommended,231430,19211846,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Mulik Perkule #epizeuxis,Best RTS ever made. Truly God's work.
,Recommended,231430,19162099,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Ruzen,Defending the RTS front. Honorably.
,Recommended,231430,17961600,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Remember Sega™,Shooting germans legally always fun nazi scum
76561198041021757,Recommended,231430,18478851,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Charles Bronson,ok
76561197970795314,Recommended,231430,8801491,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Manteuffel [dk],COH2 Rocks!!
,Recommended,231430,18911806,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,jstevenson387,I love this game but one thing I dont like is the matchmaking because I just started the game and I am going up agianst max levels so I get wrecked please fix this
76561198065495633,Recommended,231430,17754203,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,GENERALmomo,لعبه حماس بس صعبة انصح فيها
76561198017199941,Recommended,231430,23832198,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Captain Thugwash,"It still is one of the very best RTS games out there. I'd recommend the game and the expansions to anybody who requires depth, excitement and dope visuals from their RTS."
76561198211226492,Recommended,231430,30736502,Posted: 25 March,all,OneWarriorWargaming,"Let me just shoulder this ENORMOUS playtime and look at the scars this game has inflicted upon my soul..I love COH in ""general"" and I say in general because lately I've struggled to really understand WHY Relic would want to alienate long term players like myself. As the harbinger of ""Good Times"" my little russian patriots have fought tooth and nail against the germans and I've always felt an inevitable pride swell when I was able to finally out-play already strong german armies but this time is long past. These last few balances have really had an impact on the multiplayer play of Russia to such an extent that the faction I would consider to be unbalanced if not completely broken.Example 1:Okay, the three upgraded conscript squads (PPSH) I have in full cover are guarding a single SU-76 currently doing a bombard. One german panzershrek squad with 2 launchers (Not even full health) runs in head on into the fire and SITS in no cover and manages to fire 4 shreks over 10 seconds. TAKES ZERO DAMAGE and manages to retreat while destroying the SU-76.Example 2: Pathing is a problem. The ""Reverse"" button causes russian light vehicles to back up before turning on the spot unlike German tanks. Using a ""Meatgrinder"" reverse causes you to travel almost the full vehicles length exposing you to side shots from AT and Shreks, needs fixing..Example 3: Manpower Surplus. The recent boost to OKW and Wehrmact manpower negates the ability for the Russians to get any type of advantage through numbers in the beginning leading to a ""snowball effect"" of superior german arms and numbers.Example 4: The Russian MG is garbage, if you like wide firing arcs (WHICH EVERYONE ELSE HAS) don't touch this nation.Example 5: The Russian Mortar is garbage. Unless you specifically go for the big boy you suffer from reduced accuracy reduced fire rate and reduced damage for near well the same price as the German 88.I mean the list goes on.This review still tries to shine a positive light on COH because like I stated I love the game I just hate seeing Relic butcher one side to appease the streamers who pre-dominately play German.FIX THIS."
,Recommended,231430,8781841,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Nyaaah [Furry_Kemono],is good game
,Recommended,231430,17655597,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Azei,"Now that I have 100+ hours in it maybe now I could write a review.The game is awesome, it has the guns, units, tanks, vehicles from world war 2. And it is accurate.It has the qualities of a real RTS game, from the predecessors C&C etc etc.The DLCs are a little expensive but it is excellent especially the additional US and OKW and the Ardennes Assault that gives 7-9 hours  of another campaign.The multiplayer is great you can have 4v4 to 1v1 battles.It has mod support, download maps in the workshop to play it with friends or bots. It is easy because it has it's own mod manager in-game where you can delete or download mods in it.You dont really need to buy the commanders because there are in-game drops so you will keep on playing. You gain XP also when playing with bots.There are also skin drops in-game if you are worried of just buying them plus there are also mods of them.If you like true RTS base building and RTS defense building buy it!!JUST DO IT! lol"
76561198063163582,Not Recommended,231430,17747049,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Misledzach,It was a great game until they nerfed the Germans
76561198088766853,Recommended,231430,13815264,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,bad88,Best Game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198073807129,Recommended,231430,8037331,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Ironwolf,"this game is one of my favorites. if u like world war 2 games this is for you. its not cod or like any arcade game, its strategic. if you go into a match expecting to charge into battle guns blazeing... you will get mowed down by stuff from machine guns to tanks to mortars or even have your soldiers freeze to death dureing a blizard. i love this game 15 out of 10 stars"
,Recommended,231430,30368400,Posted: 6 March,all,Bambie M.S,Great game!
76561198053260545,Not Recommended,231430,30389939,Posted: 8 March,all,Eagle1987,"COH 1 was much better than this game , they achieved niether arcade or historic game although relic claim its an arcade game.the campaign is a joke . and the game is stupidly poorly unbalanced specially when u are playing as axis , u get less options , less army variation , commander capabilities are not varried and balanced between army branches as it should be instead its just some joke abilitiesI enjoyed coh 1 , it was more realistic than this joke game"
,Recommended,231430,8963205,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Grippin,"Not as good as the first episode, but it is still fun! :)"
76561197983101718,Recommended,231430,10772241,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,nnnyo555,"Not a bad game, however a little dissapointed with the new DLC Western Front versions due to the lack of unit dynamics on the factions."
,Recommended,231430,10726634,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Barry B. Benson,Its very good
76561198009902056,Recommended,231430,10846972,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Wilk,"If I had a choice between banging a woman or playing Company of Heroes 2, I would probably still choose sex with a woman.But afterwards I'd tell her to get the ♥♥♥♥ out of my house so I can play Company of Heroes 2.At the start there was a few bugs but since then the game has been sorted by relic and there is a strong community with constant updates with new content sometimes free or DLC the game is more multiplayer focused as the campaign although enjoyable is a bit linear so if you’re going to buy jump on the multiplayer and watch your life be wasted away."
76561198026104605,Recommended,231430,8201117,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Yar,"This is really amazing piece of strategy game playing. I can not stop enjoy myself bo discovering new tactics. Both sides of the war conflicts have cons and pros. I would recommend this game to everyone who like strategy, tactics and second war world history based games. In add-ons we can finally play as an americans or british forces which brings more fun, reality and challenges"
76561198017122171,Recommended,231430,3081122,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Thunderhun,
,Recommended,231430,7406009,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,bryan120000,this is a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome RTS
76561198090655685,Recommended,231430,8152894,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,beingblackrules,its addictive and very fun to play
76561198064125001,Recommended,231430,10283117,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Papa Bear,Pew pew!
,Recommended,231430,291294,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,Monfrizzle,Get in!If the whole game plays like the SP Demo then we are in for one hell of a treat.Can't wait.
,Recommended,231430,10280770,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,SoppingSquash95,"Everyone should own this game, everyone!"
,Not Recommended,231430,16590058,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,lil house phone,Compared to vcoh it's a p2w wankfest and its almost impossible to get a mm game as the axis because noone plays the allies (that's caused by the allies being completely♥♥♥♥♥♥ relic gives no ♥♥♥♥s though)
,Recommended,231430,8369280,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,WackoWWeapons,This game can be extremely intense during some battles. Once I went and hour and a half without even moving an inch on the front line. The battlefield looked devastated afterwards too.
,Recommended,231430,16112196,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Stalin'sOnion,It was fun
76561198014033261,Recommended,231430,18596268,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,johan1954,"As an RTS player I absolutely love this game! It is quite different when it comes to the combat system with infantry, as it is a bit more complicated than the other RTS games. I played the original CoH and imagined a new version of the game being a lot more in-depth, and then it came out just as I imagined. If a normal RTS is a little bit too simple, this is a game for you!"
,Recommended,231430,3851219,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Anonymous,Realistic Strategy game that requires tactics and has true sight which limited the sight of your forces which won't be able to see past buildings which makes it possible to create ambushes and other ways to kill your opponents forces and many other realistic and awesome things about Company of Heroes 2
76561198062635649,Recommended,231430,10377739,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Asano Cube,Still the best real-time stragetic game ever played.
,Recommended,231430,10397243,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,alexandrucristiannita,How can I play the campaign with the germans or someone else besides rusia?
76561198018787656,Recommended,231430,10384366,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,omega,"For unknown reasons, I couldn't even get through a tutorial session without something not working.  Programs crashes when I try to start a skirmish, too.  And yes, my video drivers are up-to-date. Not goo.  Maybe the first update will fix my difficulties.  Running the game on Win7 Pro."
76561197984868484,Recommended,231430,10394441,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,audunloevstad,"Since this game only can be played by using the worst inventions since herpes( Steam) it only works one out of ten times. A good game, but so damn frustrating when it never starts properly due to Steam-♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its a fu..ing disgrace that you even charge money for somethings that rarely works."
,Not Recommended,231430,13743587,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,iRhuel,"So much potential, wasted by a team that cares more about cashing out on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ overpriced DLC than on actually making a great game. Buy if you're a fan of the original and want better graphics with worse multiplayer. Otherwise, not worth the money."
76561198018529259,Recommended,231430,10380099,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Gedo.,(Y)
76561198009910840,Recommended,231430,2604732,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,JoeThePlumber,"Awesome multiplayer, single player campaign was fun at times, other wise boring.8/10 pipes."
76561197984036404,Not Recommended,231430,16613838,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,firewolf20002001,Units are imbalanced. Missions feel hurried and lackluster. Story is interesting. First company of heros was better layed out.
,Recommended,231430,10209068,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,MonoLoko,"This game is such a good game for some reasons:1. Gameplay is awsome ! You have a lot of troops, options, tactics and more ...2. Graphic is good.3. You can play it forever without getting bored !9.5/10"
76561198084180609,Recommended,231430,10272685,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Blitz4Titz,Excellent multiplayer making you go balls to the walls against some nazis.
76561198148608116,Recommended,231430,16959963,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,-HOI- Chairman Mao,best WWII game ever
,Not Recommended,231430,8533374,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,BigUnit,Wheres the content Relic ?
,Recommended,231430,19308644,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Erreip Agin,I like it
76561198032622537,Recommended,231430,10388620,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Kopz,WAIT TILL THE PRICE DROPS!They took the basics from the first game and made it look a little nicer. A few tweeks with new skins and you have COH 2. I want to be able to build a defensive bunker or other basic stuctures without being forced to play as the Germans dammit!The game is good but thats only because its very similar to the first one. It doesnt feel new at all and left me feeling like there was somthing missing. I would not buy this game until the price drops! The current 40$ is way to steep. The fact that they are releasing an almost equally expensive expansion just so you can access the US military seems dirty to me. The first COH was made with passion and changed RTS's in my mind while COH 2 feels more like a money grab. I would have paid $100 for a good sequel to COH.
76561198076492814,Recommended,231430,10402281,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Failbadon the Harmless,"The amount of DLC is ridiculous, however, it is becoming an increasing mod friendly game. The gameplay is improving through better balancing, the graphics are excellent. I wouldn't put the money down for Ardennes Assault (unless it is on sale). I've been playing since COH 1, it is somewhat an improvement over the original game."
76561198101675824,Recommended,231430,10411933,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Kriegstein,This sequel is as good as the original.
76561198333825201,Recommended,231430,29145843,Posted: 9 January,all,monkeydejan,five years i'm try to find this game.. finally i found this game on steam.. i'm proud to play this game.. for me this game is too grade.. tq steam
,Recommended,231430,10037276,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,GoobyKunz,"This game is a decent opener to anyone who is new to RTS games, and is great fun for those who are experienced in the genre. Yes, it's true, the game is riddled with DLC, but it's not a game where the DLC gives you much of an advantage over your opponent. Plus, if your truly like the game, there should be no problem with purchasing cheap DLC (no one is forcing you to buy any extra content). The game mechanics are great compared to the first CoH, graphics are impressive, and the gameplay, once you get used to the game, is wonderful. It's an intense RTS with extraordinary capabilities once the Western Front Armies are introduced, adding even more to an immersive game."
76561198139278754,Recommended,231430,31712296,Posted: 12 May,all,Captain Memo,"very realistic game ever , alot of strategy alot of fun very recommend every personal is effective in this game one of the best war game ever played"
,Recommended,231430,17719454,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Chargernife,Best WWII RTS strategy on the market.....trust me I have looked through everything else.
76561198081191947,Recommended,231430,31693866,Posted: 11 May,all,Harek,"Gameplay:-CoH allows you to control a faction army of your choosing (Soviet and whermacht on base games, other factions added with dlcs)-It has a good variety of commanders on every faction that allows you to pick the one that suits better for your playstyle, also some commanders on various factions are pretty similar in terms of bonuses so you don't need to have faction ""A"" to have the ""X"" bonus because you can just pick faction ""B"" and find a commander that has the ""X"" bonus-An extremely tactical gameplay where you make your decisions to determine the outcome of a battle, and belive me, sometimes an infantry unit is very effective aganist armored targets if used correctly, wich opens a lot of tactical possibilities.Developer work:-First of all my congratulations to CoH developers, if CoH was just awesome CoH2 is perfect.-Infantry, good animations, very realistic and the weapons they carry do have realistic effects as intended.-Vehicles, from the engine's roars to the design, effects, movement, skins and animations its just perfect, gota love Vehicles in CoH.-Very detailed and realistic maps, also every content in game (units, buildings, weapons, ect.) are accordingly to the 1932-1945 period, so yes even more points to realism.Downsides:-Commanders are great don't get me wrong, but i would like it better if there was an option to costumize your commander bonuses like a skill tree, still there always a commander that fits your playstyle so that's more of a personal preference than an actual downside.-No UKF campign, that is a shame realy guys but the latest faction the UKF doesn't have a dedicated campign story, i loved the one from CoH: Oposing fronts and i did wanted more of it, so yeah... still in the soviet campign the cutscenes are just superb as well as the missions themselves, haven't tried the Ardenes assault campign but will in time and will update this review when i have a opinion about it.Multiplayer:-Good overall, nice automatch system, i like the improvements made to the rewards also, waiting time usualy between 2-15 minutes though it depends on the time of the day you search for a match but waiting times don't go over 20 minutes as far as i've noticed.And well that was it guys, thank you for reading i hope you have found this review usefull, if you want to send your feedback about this review feel free to send me a steam message."
,Not Recommended,231430,16613923,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Wiggleshark,"Company of Heroes 2 does everything in its power to appear over ten years out of date. You can only move the camera by holding down the middle mouse button and pressing the ARROW KEYS. Good luck rebinding the controls, because you can't do that. Even then, you can't zoom out at all, so your camera alternates from literally over the shoulder of an individual soldier, to being able to fit one fireteam in your field of view. This makes sure that you frequently lose your fireteams and have no idea of what the ♥♥♥♥ is happening in the course of the battle.This renders the game virtually unplayable, which is a shame because there is a wonderful strategy game trying to come out of here and deliver fun, exciting WWII action worthy of The Longest Day or Enemy at the Gates. But you're really better off playing Men of War, because at least those developers, however small, know what the ♥♥♥♥ they're doing when it comes to designing a game the player can actually play."
,Recommended,231430,11252687,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,#gururip,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game. wont even start..
76561198097378465,Recommended,231430,10478691,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,xX_POLAND_Xx,"First of all, I love WWII strategy, FPS, or any kind of it. When I first tried playing Company of Heroes (The First), I really enjoyed the game especially in High graphics and nice storyboard. But when I tried Company of Heroes 2, I LOVED IT from the START.Although I didn't like the campaign because of its storyboard, I loved the skirmish, co-op, and the Multiplayer. It's fun playing with friends, especially when they are new. I recommend also to wait for the GOLD EDITION, or COMPLETE EDITION because GOLD has all the patches and COMPLETE HAS ALL THE PATCHES AND DLC (some doesn't I don't know why?) but it's going to take how many years to make patch all glitches and bugs... so yeah. I say ""YES"" to this game. 100/10."
,Recommended,231430,10484462,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,PFiuza,For the motherland!
,Recommended,231430,15503191,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,ProMete,"COH2 is a game that you can experienced best 1vs1 , 2vs2 multiplayer online challenges. There iare no any another RTS games that gives you tons of different strategies and dramatic game changes.If you judge this game because of Single player campaign modes, you are at wrong address. This game is created and designed for multiplayer automatches and it is the best game its own category.If you know any another RTS game which is enjoyable and deep as COH2, let me know."
76561198019117351,Recommended,231430,9369328,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,FuckBoy Jesus,its a good game but its not as good as the first one
76561197998240121,Recommended,231430,16722621,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Jeremy Clarkson,this is the best game ever i have over 500 hours on it
76561198260016576,Recommended,231430,33099522,Posted: 1 July,all,edouard,Great game! Keeps me up all night! Needs more tank factions.
76561198273212746,Not Recommended,231430,21237905,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,jakecharette214,"This game is junk, It keeps asking me to pay for the game when i go to play singleplayer when I have already purchased the game, I want a re-fund,"
,Recommended,231430,30062950,Posted: 20 February,all,Chill💯,"Good layout, if you are into ww2 strategy games then you should check out this one. Has multiplayer, also has a singleplayer campaign if you like playing campaigns."
76561198068217106,Recommended,231430,12520147,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Pete Lathyrus,"This is a good game, but there are plenty of problems. I really enjoyed coh1 because there were so many diffrent ways to play, each game, faction and map were unique in a diffrent way. Coh2 removes the variety of each game, theres no digging in and playing defensivley as the maps are open with nearly no choke points. Well to get to the point:Pros;Definatley better graphics (Don't hate)Winter map varietyGood length campaignWestern fronts improves the game a bit by adding a little more varietyThe British have arrived :DCons;No proper German campaignNo real chance of winning if playing defensiveTank spam!!!Limited Variety of nearly everythingOverpriced DLCS and plenty of DLCS that should have been added in the begginingSTILL NO GERMAN CAMPAIN :("
,Recommended,231430,27573349,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HMS Revenge Lds Paul [ZEVA],"Awesome game, very complex and beautiful made :D"
76561198154334889,Recommended,231430,18521825,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,DarkFire,There is only one word for this game: Amazing
76561198049663121,Recommended,231430,15107603,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,AW,The game is good but the bots are ♥♥♥♥ING OVERPOWERED they cheat everywhere and win almost every time if you play agains them on a map that dosent have bridges what you can blow up
76561198031015109,Recommended,231430,15187334,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,safgril,great game.  better then the first.
76561198014528345,Recommended,231430,17621377,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Sgt Rock,Best game ever.
,Recommended,231430,7790771,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Entomologist,I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game... but I played it a lot.
,Recommended,231430,23562454,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Semo,great game
76561198130729986,Recommended,231430,11603920,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Chris,"Wow, I love this game. Addicting strategy game with lots of details and well designed AI.Game has a very active community and challenging new maps are posted daily in the Steam Workshop!"
,Recommended,231430,22602465,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,TNZFLAKKA,"YES, THIS GAME IS AMAZING, I Do not recommend you buying the DLC, unless you have money you can rather buy Oberkommando west armies then play the game, its simple as ABC."
76561198051573759,Recommended,231430,19730965,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,This is how we do it.,"newbie common problem is attaching costum faceplat/win strike/decal,that gives an issue to game,resulting in cannot start the game,and it happens so frequently,either way im still big fan of this game"
76561198005647832,Recommended,231430,2317333,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,Alexander,"Great game. Always new contect getting relased and they have plans to support the game for years so you shouldn't get bored with plenty of single and multiplayer content already and planned to come in the future. If your looking for a newe strategy game to get into this is the one to pick up. aAs for most of the other reviews crying Pay2Win it simply isn't true.Tthe content you can buy simply adds new ways to play or have no effect on gameplay, much like heroes in moba's, some times they get relased a bit too strong but they are eventually fixed to bring them in line with the rest of the commanders.If your looking for a game that will provide fun for hours on end this game has it and won't be the same game a year from now as new content is relased, so even if a bad patch comes you can always ride it out till it gets fixed.I am a top 100 player for both factions"
,Recommended,231430,32148550,Posted: 3 June,all,MrAntonioRich,sick
76561197983096337,Recommended,231430,9606898,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Tasty  x3,"Still good but a lot of wasted potential compared to CoH 1, much less complicated and pretty beginner friendly in MP compared to the first one, still the first one is far above CoH 2."
76561198021504764,Recommended,231430,25897849,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,BrenAutomaticRifle,I have played a little. Gardening fantastic.
76561198025396935,Not Recommended,231430,30292604,Posted: 3 March,all,John Doe,"The game held some kind of promise on release, but with every patch the game was affected negatively. The original single player campaign was balanced for the state of the game as it was released, and then promptly was ignored and orphaned.If you must buy a game, the original Company of Heroes is a much better choice, as is the original Dawn of War. With, of course, all the expansions for both games. Given the age on both of these titles, you should wait for a sale.If you MUST buy Company of Heroes 2, do so on a sale, particularly because of the IN GAME STORE with MICROTRANSACTIONS (not listed in the store page) on each and every little thing. Pretty much every decent commander is realistically held behind a few extra dollars EACH. The scary thing is that underneath all of this, a good game could be beaten out of what's here, but as far as I've seen, modding support is not to the point where one could totally convert the game into solid gold - unlike the titles listed previously in this review. Its likely this is the case because of the microtransactions.I've already put too much effort into this review, so to keep it short - don't waste your money or time on this title, you'd be better off trying to mod DOTA 2 into Warcraft 3."
76561197971724802,Recommended,231430,21770419,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Pontifex Maximus,"CoH2features a very rewarding multiplayer called “Theatre of War” with co-op and competitive options. There are plenty of game types to choose from with varied maps to play on. The biggest change to multiplayer is the revamped Commander Abilities System which sets you special abilities to use in matches to really bring the hurt down on your opponents. This fun and varied multiplayer along with a lengthy single player will keep you fighting on the Eastern Front for quite some time.The visuals have greatly improved withRelic’s newEssence 3.0 engineturning the battlefield into a horrific and stunning spectacle. The detail level is very impressive considering the grand scale of the game. Battlefields are highly detailed with picturesque Slavic forest, large towns and cities all horrifically scarred by battle. Explosions, debris and gunfire look striking, shocking, even real and zooming the camera close to the ground lets you see how much detail has gone into the game, especially into the character and vehicle models.TheEssence 3.0 enginemakes use of clever technologies like the popular physics engine“Havok”, “TrueSight”, which accurately simulates a unit’s visible range and“ColdTech”for weather simulation. This works in unison with spectacular sound effects and a thrilling, rousing musical score. Controlling your men with outstanding visuals and amazing sound design will make you feel like the director of an epic WW2 movie.Company of Heroes 2is able to captivate RTS fans with it’s gritty yet gratifying take on WW2 strategy gaming. It’s action-packed, it’s fast-paced and a game for real armchair Generals. If you’re willing and able, pick upCompany of Heroes 2and prepare to fight with your comrades for glory and victory.THE GOOD- Graphics- Gameplay- SoundTHE BAD- Story9/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD | GREAT |AMAZING| MASTERPIECE"
76561198040405590,Recommended,231430,32634877,Posted: 21 June,all,jerkjosh10,"I'm an old Vet of the game. Played this since it came out. After years of updates, it is now in it's perfect form. My hrs don't lie. Game still competitive, and there are competitions from time to time. Get it during sales, don't get it for full price though. See you on the battlefield soldier.P.S Keep the online community healthy please, don't be toxic"
76561198140085669,Recommended,231430,33444974,Posted: 10 July,all,Vxtor-Sama,at the last I have this gamei like this game
,Recommended,231430,12649388,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Summation,"The core of the game is great - better than CoH1.  It's more visceral,  more responsive, and just more satisfying.  The negatives of this game are all held in it's wrapper.  The UI, while mostly efficient and functional, to me just feels like a rough edge throughout.  There are some welcome changes made from CoH1 - namely unit's being already extended and easy to grab in the HUD.  Otherwise though, the  UI feels rough an forced to me, which unfortunately is the same thing with the Campaign.  Although the actual missions are overall very well done; good mix of challenge and reward, the story and crappy CG cutscenes are definitely something you should skip.  When you sit down and think of why you play a game though, it's not for the cutscenes or the UI - it's for watching your infantry throw a molotov at an enemy machine gun emplacement, and really feeling them burn.  Buy it.  Play it.  Love it."
76561198049560723,Recommended,231430,28718643,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,☜★☞ CaptainTiger ☜★☞,There is no other RTS game like this one. It is one of my all time favourites.
,Recommended,231430,32139285,Posted: 2 June,all,--(-ZEVA-SwordSmith,"I don't think I need to say much, this game is one of the greatest WW2 strategy games out there. However, there is a bit of a learning curve, and the DLC content will cost you a little more. I would suggest getting the game on sale and getting the master collection, which gives you all 5 Nations."
76561197997052904,Recommended,231430,9932446,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,jasonwstone,This has been a lot of fun on single player playing with soldiers and guns and tanks trying to puzzle out how to win the missions most effiently and getting the achievments. I'm tempted to pick up the expansions.
76561198074832128,Recommended,231430,10135633,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Cpt. Petek,Best game ever!
,Recommended,231430,10143594,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,masterful baiting now on dvd,"Company of Heroes 2 is an amazing RTS game, in my opinion at least. I don't know how you can give this game a negative review. Maybe there is a little less content than you expected, but there is a beautiful new campaign, beautiful new settings and tons of new content, including different commanders and small stat upgrades for each unit. Highly recommended."
76561197997015488,Recommended,231430,10164235,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,[v-x]Grey,"Fun to play Campaign, however some of the Theater of War missions are so annoying that it's no fun to play them, take for example ""Kharkov Pursuit"" if you google it, you'll find that many CoH2 players find this mission annoying and unrealistic, considering that Partisans carry Panzerschrecks when these missions are suppose to be in 1941?  And the Panzerschrecks came out only in 1943? LOL.Haven't purchased Ardennes assault as the price of it is just outrageous.It has been a while now since they introduced workshop to the game and a lot has changed, there are many mods that allow to use all units or reduce the pop cap value of tanks and other units. Most of these mods improve the game some break the balance between nations. Also loads of cool maps to play once you get bored of campaign and Theather of war missions.I still think that the game is a bit basic, they should let you build airfields and use planes instead of calling in airstrikes and recon flight planes.Great game to play solo but even better if you have friends to play it with you, as many of the Theater of war missions are Co-op missions. You can use AI but we all know that AI is not the same as playing with your friends where you co-ordinate defenses and launch massive assault on enemy base etc..."
,Recommended,231430,10174583,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Blixa,"Excellent RTS with great unit balance and strategy! Having played over 1000 hours of COH1, I appreciate the new graphics and gameplay. The Commanders allow players to have a more tailored strategy to the map they choose and with some commanders having similar unlocks, it keeps PVP players guessing what you are gonna pull out next!"
76561198143501037,Recommended,231430,23125997,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Runertje550,"I'm purely just recommending this for the Campaign and Multiplayer against bots. Why not Multiplayer against other players? Because the community is pure toxic, I am a kind of a noob but I keep getting put in a game against pro players which I cant compete against, and it's not only that, 90% of the time you will go against a guy with the British army, you know what happens then? Sim-F*cking-City , they always make a whole city on a objective and they'll bomb the absolute sh*t out of you so its hardly impossible to assault. Oh and there are these bag of sh*ts who rush your base even though thats not the point of the gamemode, giving you no chance at all. I played CoH 1, that sh*t was one of the most awesome games I've ever played, but this game, uh-uh, no-no, the campaign altho is pretty good, the story line is really well done for a game genre like this."
,Recommended,231430,17430399,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Patchateeka,"Despite the fact that the publishers are incredibly greedy, it's an OK game."
,Recommended,231430,2119479,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Lachra,"Review only for Single Player, as I haven't had much time with multiplayer. IF my feelings about the multiplayer are drastically different, I will include them in comments.The campaign is good, better than the first game. Story isn't half-bad, could be better, but it is better than the first games imo.Way better music, better graphics, it runs pretty good. I have an older  high-mid tier gaming rig, and I play on a hybrid of high-highest (not max) at 1080p with dips every-now and then, but its easily playable.The animations, and movements of soldiers seems more life-like than the last game. The air support is really cool to watch!Performance has increased slightly since launch through patches. Though you will need a decent rig if you really want to play this game. It will need some resources.  At the beginning of each map/mission, I have to move the camera around at horizon level, to make sure the game finishes loading, which usually smooths out the performance a good deal.I prefer this one to the first game. It has more atmosphere imo. I love the weather effects, and Ice. I haven't used the German forces yet. But I am almost done with the campaign, and have played a few of the Theater of War missions.I don't regret pre-ordering it, and recommend it to fans of the series. I hear the mulitplayer can use some balancing, which is one reason why I have waited to get on that."
,Recommended,231430,17708485,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Red-Fury☭,"Well, to put this straight. DLCs, to expensive, the game itself is pretty expensive, singleplayer has idiotic story: You play as Soviet officer who doesnt like orders and acts like a ♥♥♥♥♥, let me tell you one of his lines about battle of Reichstag: ""All those men died for a photo"", really? And there are to many facts that are incorrect in singleplayer. For example: Soviet soldier saves main protagonist from Germans and gets shot by superior officer because he left his ""position"" but in reality he would be awarded with medals for saving an officer. Next example: Soviets soldiers burn houses with civilians in them on  Russian soil, but in reality it was order from Stalin ""The scorched Earth"" for civilians to burn down their ""stuff"" while evacuating so Nazis couldnt use anything. The main protagonist menages to escape Goulag on foot and with no help xD xD xD. And I can go on like this for who knows how long. But actual gameplay of singleplayer is good. Next stage, multiplayer. Well, when you buy the game you get two factions: Soviets and Germans that fought on Eastern front. Well, Soviets were bad for multiplayer cause their stuff was as expensive as German but worse, but in latest pacth they fixed it giving Soviets ability to spawn T-34s more quickly making them cheaper. So those factions are pretty balnced. But the bad thing is that you have DLC with USA and West front Germans that can also get into fights against Soviets on Eastern Germans. It wouldnt be that bad if West Germans didnt have Jagdtiger and KingTiger which are OP against soviet tanks. Well it was worse before when Soviets were bad. Now it isnt that bad, but still is kinda. Well, I can say, if you want full game, wait for discount cause for the price of the game without DLCs you can get it with all of them. Once this game was 80% on discount. So, that is the only thing you can do. Well, the gameplay is great, I have nothing bad to say about it. You level up, get drops like in CS:GO and sometimes you can get something amazing. Well, if you cant wait to unlock something you can always buy it. Cause they have shop for that too, and it isnt expensive at all. On discount, you can get the best thing for under a euro. The game is awesome, I jsut wish they didnt put this much DLCs, but give it all as patches, but lets be honest, who does that today? xD"
76561198008021126,Not Recommended,231430,30914150,Posted: 2 April,all,Towelie Ban,Game is broke. Bug won't let you get past the first mission on Ardennes Assault. Been like this since early march and still no fix. Would not recommend buying it.
76561198009839193,Recommended,231430,7336544,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,foxinsox00,"Bottom line:  I put hundreds of hours into the first CoH, but this one has been even more fun and addicting for me!  BEST. WWII AND STRATEGY GAME. EVER!!!!!!!!!!!Company of Heroes 2 is one outstanding RTS game, and easily the best ever made to this point.  I'm estimating I played close to 1,000 hours of Company of Heroes 1, and I do really think they took a great leap forward from that first game (which was also incredible).  There are a number of small improvements in the interface alone that make this new entry in the series TONS more accessible and enjoyable to play.  These few interface additions even multiply the ease of command and diversify your tactical options (such as infantry now being able to hop over walls and fences).  The line of sight update, which means a building now restricts your commmand view of the other side of the building in the fog of war, adds to realistic surprise attacks and ambushes.CoH2's biggest addition, IMO, is the new commander system.  Some people call it pay to win (which is silly--like any other game, it is simply pay to play....you had to buy the game to begin with in order to win, and why should expansions be free?), but it is really just pay to add variety and enjoyment to your game.  There are SOOOOOO many commander choices that the battles are extremely different every time.  Your enemy's commander choice will effect what special units you face on the battlefield, forcing you to adapt and craft new victory plans each time.The new Theater of War mode is also great.  These are unique scenario challenges that really change the game's experience.  From sniper hunts to giant tank battles to wave defenses, this mode provides WWII action that is different from what you'd experience in normal multiplayer.  Quite a few of these mission are also co-op fun with friends.  They are also historically based.The graphics are also a VERY big leap forward.  This is a gorgeous game all around.  I also appreciate the ability to choose camo paints for vehicles, adding the visuals and bringing some nice variety to the game and personalization.  The sound is also top notch, from great explosive effects to the always comical chatter among soldiers.  The men under your command have a great sense of humor.For those new to the series, it may be a lot to learn, but success in this game is immensely rewarding.  For veterans of the first game, expect more of the same great WWII combat!*NOTE: The new Western Front Armies expansion has made this game twice as good as it was at release!!!  New workshop features add thousands of maps to play on as well."
,Recommended,231430,17748148,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,20ninjas,"Decent sequel bogged down by endless DLC.  As a lot of simliarity with COH1 if you like that youll prolly like this.  This one is however more complicated with the many different commanders (thats where the DLC comes in, usually recycled abilities). Less DLC and more quality content please, stop the money grab."
,Recommended,231430,25575691,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,VenKazi,"One of the best RTS WW2 games out there, although it lacks features of Men of War, this is still a very good game to play. I hope they make either a US vs Japan Expansion or Make a Vietnam game."
76561198063605594,Recommended,231430,24587981,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Divljak,Bought the game and expansions(NOT ARDENNES ASSAULT) on sale(quite lovely discounts they were) and its safe to say im loving the game!Sure it has its flaws and CoH 1 was a slightly better game but this sequel is great.I recommend this game and hope they dont ♥♥♥♥ it up.Cheers!
,Recommended,231430,25514591,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Clay,"a very active multiplayer seen for hardcore RTS players with a lot of emphasis on tactics instead of base building, it verys very much like real fighting"
76561197997588927,Recommended,231430,24679130,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Good Job! Mr 2%,"An excellent world war 2 real time strategy game that has fantastic gameplay and add-on content with the workshop maps. It has offered plenty of hours of play for my friends and I, with plenty more since I still haven't completed all the content."
76561198066571082,Recommended,231430,24682669,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Spuduno,Great WWII RTS game.
76561198089656275,Recommended,231430,25602021,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,[V!P]_Dread™,"I had fun playing the game,the cinematic in the campaign is simply amazing  the story's are very interesting the visual are stunning and the DLC keeps you occupied for hours and even containing 3 more campaigns jam packed with loads and loads of missions I hope you guys still add more DLCS in the future"
,Recommended,231430,21524412,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ra1d3n,"Glad i gave this game a second chance, it's actually pretty decent when you overlook the microtransactions.If you played CoH1 with Blitzkrieg mod before, try the Wikinger mod for this one, it's just as good."
,Recommended,231430,25526096,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Names,one of the best RTS ever. 8/10
,Recommended,231430,25525816,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,BUTCHD,seems ok lots to do  worth buying
76561197994579616,Recommended,231430,32288089,Posted: 9 June,all,BloodWolf,"Choke points fun with friends, mediocre single player."
,Recommended,231430,16259060,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Horderen,"Company Of Heroes 2 is an amazing game, it is set in WW2 (1939-1945)Grapichs in Company Of Heroes 2 is good in my opinion, and gameplay is amazing.it have a good campaign and some bonus campaign Theater of war.Both are realy fun to play.Multiplayer is extreamly fun and it is one of the best WW2 RTS games i have played.Final viking Rating : 9.4/10"
76561198088104311,Recommended,231430,18223940,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Sauce,"This is definitely one of the best WWII strategy games out there. You can keep coming back to this game and having hours of enjoyment like I did. However, even though I rate it up the DLC is WAYYYYY too overpriced. If you really want the full game then you are going to have to drop 40 bucks on the main game plus 60 on multiplayer forces then an extra 40 for campaign DLC. That is a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of money to drop just for the full experiance. And even then there is an in game store to buy extra skins, campaign expansions etc. They do try and suck your wallet dry. But if you are looking to just play the main game it is a 40 bucks well spent."
,Recommended,231430,21617811,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,smauke,"One of the best RTS games i've ever played! I highly recommend this for RTS fans. Those who haven't played RTS much should try to play this because i think this is pretty easy game for beginners and it's easy to start RTS career with this. Only bad thing is that this will cost a lot, if you buy all expansions.4/5"
,Recommended,231430,32057597,Posted: 30 May,all,Ranger,I've played a lot of this game and I keep going back to it. There is a good balance between micromanaging and depth. The campaign story isn't that good but the multiplayer is were the game shines. It runs well and isn't buggy and it supports steam workshop. The only negative is the endless grind for commanders wish you of course can pay real money for... Sigh. They aren't overpriced but it's to hard to get them through just playing the game. There are mods wish ads the units that are looked to specific commanders so atleast you can try them out before buyng them for matchmaking.
,Recommended,231430,32072494,Posted: 30 May,all,Zapman987,"One of the best WWII games out there. Covers all of Theatre Europe, from the East and the West. Great community support and multiplayer."
76561197993237513,Recommended,231430,30248864,Posted: 28 February,all,nicle,Still the best game around: CoH1 and 2. A blast of a game!Looking forward for the next edition :)
76561198091630769,Recommended,231430,32884052,Posted: 27 June,all,RazzakCZ,I dont know how to write a review but I just want to give this awesome game thumbs up :)
76561198143464078,Recommended,231430,31982317,Posted: 26 May,all,WiLLy Parker,i like it
,Recommended,231430,18451329,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Mr. Fivo,"hmm lets see..Well the game is cool with its mechanics, graphics, physics etc. If there's someone who really loves RTS games then its impossible for him/ her to not get this for their own library. The game's gameplay is quite worth for its prize (not including DLCs), but there's a badass side; the game is poorly optimized and many are wishing for the devs to do action and fix various problems like fps drops and crashes that happens in-game. But still its 10/10 for me :)"
76561198051345573,Recommended,231430,23388115,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,The Tactical Exorcist,"To anyone who's intimidated by the negative reviews, don't let it.  They're salty about being charged for vehicle skins that have no impact on gameplay, usually.  The faction commanders do cost a lot ($4 before tax), but if all you do is buy the DLC and faction commanders, you won't be spending as much as the negative reviews make it sound (especially if you get them on sale, which is surprisingly common...on a singular basis, anyway).To all those who complain that they're out for your money, guess what: YOU'RE RIGHT.  THEY'RE A COMPANY.  IT'S WHAT THEY DO.  So please stop complaining about what they charge and learn to be thankful for what you get, charged or otherwise.  and if you don't like it, here's another thing; YOU DON'T HAVE TO BUY IT."
76561198264354204,Recommended,231430,31506559,Posted: 2 May,all,dloutdoor,没有中文，玩着玩着我的英语水平突飞猛进。画面不错，玩着玩着电脑CPU和显卡就高温报警.比较真实，机枪打坦克不掉血，建筑倒塌里面人全挂。
76561198072112489,Not Recommended,231430,27892264,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,sinone,"Gamedevelopers you have to chose either full balanced game or realistic game.In this game they try to do both, that is why it is really bad. I appriciate your efforts, but before doing patches you need to answer that question first.Pros:+Atmosphere (Sound of units, speech of soldiers are excellent. The game makes you feel, you live in 1943)Cons: [Please fasten your seatbelts!]Some Basic problems:-Units CAN'T shoot each other while touching each other.-Tanks and AT guns range approximately 75 meters in the game.(In real life they had generally 2 kilometers efficient range, while some tanks like jagdtiger had 5 kilometers range.)-When enemy machine gun fires behind a hill or a thick wall, your units are supressed. EVEN IF MG'S EVERY BULLET HIT TO THE EARTH OR WALL.-Sometimes your tank misses, and it is very normal, but when it misses 3 times, while enemy tank never misses you can't win. Thats pretty simple. Even you play at try hard mode and do well, there is chances that might screw your game, and that is not good....Some Balance problems:-As an okw player while you have 1 tank, opposing forces like usaa/ukf/sov have 3 tanks. They are weaker, but if you play 4v4 - 12 tanks beats 4 tanks most of the time.-Brit units without upgrades are like they are fighting with sticks.-Okw dont have an mg option at the first of the game.-Late game germans tanks are like monsters, but how can you reach that point....Overall if you like to feel ww2 atmosphere it is good, but generally i won't suggest it."
76561198051784423,Not Recommended,231430,27832225,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,rickyvilla262,I was so looking forward to playing this game when it was released but my laptop wouldn't run it. A few years later I bought a desktop and never played it. I have now decided to play it and it is a nightmare. The gameplay is great. Slightly better than the original and I love fighting as the Russians. The bugs and crashes in it are unacceptable. Very disappointing.
76561198086776877,Recommended,231430,31712288,Posted: 12 May,all,Mausface,Best TACTICAL STRATGE game ever
76561198035654347,Recommended,231430,21120330,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ace of Shades,"Company of Heroes 2 is unlike most games of the genre. The game is focused much more on tactics (Micro) than in the strategy (Macro) itself. That means that having the right units on the field does not grant a victory. To protect yourself your team weapons must be properly positioned and always trying to get the enemy by the flank. To attack, one must make good use of smokescreen and flanking.In the game there is no collectable resource: The main resouce is Manpower, which income is proportional to how FEW troops you have, and the other 2 resources, Munitions and Fuel, are granted for each territory you have controled. Is not a game of hiding yourself in your base while collecting gold or money, nor about breaching the enemy base, but about battlefield control.After playing Company of Heroes 2 I became unable of playing most of RTS games without missing this awesome game."
76561198018630998,Recommended,231430,20622491,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,YoYopuppet,"Great game. Provides great gameplay and scenary in a awesome 3v3 or 4v4 match. The people complaining about balancing are usually RTS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, who dont get why they dont ""insta win"", when they buy something expensive.CoH2 is a complex game. Look away for too long and your men and tanks are all dead. The DLC´s can be earned by playing the game! It will require you to play the game to a great length, but I dont see the problem in that.Get it at winter/summer sale or if your a scary/like to live life dangerously fella, get it at♥♥♥♥♥ The DLC´s are commanders and skins. The commanders are only ""Op"" in the right hands. I fully enjoyed this game."
76561198082386937,Recommended,231430,13442084,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,EPIKSKILLZ,"Improves on the first one, don't believe me go play coh1 and you'll see. Peoples main gripe was the pay to win DLC which they have now changed and turned into random free drops at the end of each multiplayer game. Best RTS there is at the moment."
76561198054397641,Recommended,231430,28671038,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,♨TEA.UP®♨ Cloud of Death,"Great game. Lots of units, 5 factions, lots of different ways to play. If you want to get into the game though, it's highly recommended to buy the western front armies package instead of this one. The newer armies are more fun to play with, and they're cheaper. If you want a solid singleplayer campaign, get the ardennes assault campaign, not this one. All in all, one of my favorite games."
76561198264553348,Recommended,231430,23660256,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,omargermania,increase the papulation god damned the pop cap sucks
76561198278778572,Recommended,231430,35045680,Posted: 18 September,all,SirArnett,"One of my favorite games ive ever played. i can only recommend if you have at least triple of what you paid for it to get all the armies and whatever generals you like. i personally am not that good at the game but i love the idea of it. This game is not very noob(beginner) friendly so you may have to practice a bit. Also youtube gameplay if you just arent sure about it, just to be safe that is what i do for any game i buy. goodluyck and have fun people!"
76561198090773172,Recommended,231430,30363004,Posted: 6 March,all,Finess,Love it!
,Recommended,231430,30222052,Posted: 27 February,all,Glintwing,"I wouldn't want to give it a complete thumbs up, here is why.Pros:-5 factions, with very different tactics-lots of maps to choose from (thanks to the community)-steam workshop with qutie a few mods (some mods make the game 10x better)Cons:-MICROTRANSACTIONS (despite the price AND DLC's)-Grinding system for the unlocking of the generals-The factions are unbalanced, which can be seen when playing against hard and expert AI(not so much against other players)"
76561198272088911,Recommended,231430,33526069,Posted: 13 July,all,ScaryWaffleMan,This game is amazing   But the modding comutnity   is what made this game even better
76561198007743232,Recommended,231430,26675692,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,PanzerGeneral,Company of Hero's is the best RTS WW2 I have come across. I would say there is a decent learning curve because most of the players in the community are allready max lvl players. Still YouTube videos and playing games against computer help. The game does have some problems that could be caused from balancing and pathfinding. Still I take it as just part of the game and something you learn to play through. I have 1200+ hours on the game so by far I give this game 9/10... Add me if you play! -PanzerGeneral
,Recommended,231430,21599113,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,ViCEMAN,"Despite all the broken blood vessels in my head which this game has caused, this is the best WW2 RTS."
,Recommended,231430,35035134,Posted: 17 September,all,youssefRedAlert,"Only recomend it if you buy it on sale with all dlc in a bundle, the singleplayer is worth a playthrough or two and the workshop keeps multiplayer intersting."
76561198057783358,Recommended,231430,35038952,Posted: 17 September,all,[DGM] JacK_Qc,"Best advice : buy this game in a bundle with all nations included, preferably on sales *wink wink* and game on.Pro : best RTS I have ever play, and trust me I played alot.Cons : The user interface for social/community feels like a beta from someone used to blizzard quality."
,Recommended,231430,18353361,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Ray,"one of my favorite game, but since british coming, its so OPplease read forum and hear about review from player"
76561198073155746,Recommended,231430,21287905,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Pixo,"When there's a game, and that game say, Company of Heroes 2 has a few nations that you play in a multiplayer based strategy, game then there's going to be diiferent ways of learning to play those nations.But today we're not here to talk about COH2 we are here to talk about a little kid named Jimmy.  Now Jimmy is a little kid that just bought company of heroes 2 with his mom's credit card, and little Jimmy decides to go ahead and play his first multiplayer game as let's say, the Axis (Germany in this case).Now Jimmy plays this and he picks up on the quick and fast paced aggressiveness of the Germans fairly quickly.  But next Jimmy decides to go play as on of the Allied powers (USSR this time).  But what Jimmy didn't realize is that maybe all nations weren't created for the same aggressive purpose as Germany was, so little Jimmy lost his second game of Company of Heroes 2, and decided to leave a bad review about the Allies being underpowered and the Germans being overpowered.  But in reality little butthurt Jimmy didn't give himself (and the Allies) the time they needed for him to create a strategy for him to roll over the Germans with guerilla hit and run tactics, but instead jumped to conclusions and wrote an 'inconclusive' review.I'll tell you why it's inconclusive. It's inconclusive because Jimmy's little (now butthurt) brain is only used to being aggressive and rushing his enemies with overwhelming force.  But Jimmy's brain doesn't think about how the little guy reacts to these attacks, (maybe not always in the 'right way') and Jimmy continues his attacks.But.  When the little guy does develop a plan-and on Jimmy's 43rd game of playing Germany, when Jimmy finally thinks hes got it.  He sees it.  Penals with flamethrowers in an M3 half-track.  Jimmy thinks to himself ""oh that's interesting"", and hits it with a panzerfaust, and Jimmy's infantry is pinned by a nearby maxim.  Oh what's that? Here come the penals.  Jimmy finally loses.  On his 43rd straight game.  A 43 win streak and he is beaten.  Jimmy then writes another review that the Germans are now underpowered, and explains more about his double butthurtness (In both ends).This process goes on for almost 3 years, with back and forth reviews about who is over/underpowered.  Relic desperately tries to find a medium and can't.  But that's the thing.  Shouldn't we as the players use an RTS as an RTS? Shouldn't we devise a plan or a strategy/strategies throughout the game? The answer is yes.  It is people like Jimmy who have wrecked this beautiful game.I fully recommend this game and all of its glory 10/10-Pixo, 8.4/10-IGN, 8/10-PC Gamer, 4/5-Metacritic.If you made it thus far in the review don't forget to leave your opinion of what you thought of my review with a thumbs up or down."
,Recommended,231430,15298957,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Mortu5™,"Finally getting deep into this game series again, This CoH2 is excellent with great visuals and graphics. Of course some things not so great but overall, very fun game. The Western Front add-on is great also and very addictive addition. Update 18/Mar/2017: After playing this game for a couple of years, find it is one of the best RTS. I highly recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,231430,20682117,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,zackFanatic,"After 57 hours on this game, there are some points that I feel everyone should know going into it.Company of Heroes 2 isn't a bad game. Not at all, in fact. The gameplay is a lot of fun, the core mechanics of the game prove to be challenging, intriguing, and very in depth. It is a fantastic representation of small scale battles set in World War 2, and the varieties of armoured vehicles and infantry will keep you interested. The Commander system is fun, as is the intel bulletin system. However, many of the commanders that prove to be the most interesting are all pay DLC, so that can be a deterent for many players. The cover system and squad systems, similar to Dawn of War 2 and the original Company of Heroes, have proven to be an enjoyable take on RTS games. The Campaign mode tells an interesting story, but if you, like myself, know anything about the Soviet Union's struggle against the Axis, you'll notice many irregularities, and indeed insulting if you are Russian, with the representation of the Red Army and the NKVD. Apparently, according to Relic, Soviets just LOVED firebombing their own men and villages!However, the glaring problems with this game come into full view on multiplayer. The Allied and Axis teams simply aren't balanced. Wehrmacht and PARTICULARLY the Oberkommando factions are hands down better than the other teams; it seems that Relic thought the German warmachine was unstoppable in World War 2! Axis tanks, infantry, and support weapons are simply better than Allied counterparts; a Panzer IV can easily destroy T-34s, Oberkommando Infantry guns (small artillery pieces) perform 5x better than many other mortar pieces, unless you drop huge resources on heavier artillery guns to counter them. German infantry equipped with Panzershreks, when fielded enmasse, can shred through the opposition if they are supported correctly. Tigers, Panthers, and the larger Axis tanks, once they are on the battlefield, spell the end for the opponent easily.The other problem I've ran into a lot during multiplayer games is the community itself; many of my fellow players are uncommunicative, unsupportive, and incredibly rude. Many times, if my side is struggling, my comrades will then berate me or whoever else is apparently not pulling their weight, making for an incredibly unenjoyable gaming atmosphere. No camraderie will be found here; if you enjoy sociable historical settings, I recommend something like Civilization or Total War, where most people enjoy playing with other history buffs. The 'competitive' nature of this game is a farce when its already so poorly balanced, and many players act like losing a casual match is an insult to them! To quote one player 'I'm not having fun, unless i'm winning'; expect this attitude every game.So in all, I enjoy playing Company of Heroes 2. However, I do not enjoy playing it Multiplayer. I will continue to play missions and against AI opponents, but I doubt I'll be spending much more time online with other players. If you want an enjoyable World War 2 RTS, I'd recommend you check out the Blitzkrieg series. If you REALLY want to play with other people, well, good luck, and god speed."
76561198088460308,Recommended,231430,20403248,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Obi-Juan KaBlowMe,Relic Entertainment should really make a Star Wars strategy game.
,Recommended,231430,35125936,Posted: 22 September,all,SilentPunisher,"tldr - Don't let the DLCs and Microtransactions turn you away, the game is the gem of the RTS genre. Wait for sales if you want, the price of CoH2 + DLCs is ridiculous.Seeing all the Negative Reviews here, I felt like I really have to give my own opinion about this.So yes, there are plenty of Microtransactions, DLCs and stuff and Yes, you can pay a lot of money after buying the base game for getting them all. But the keyword here is the 'can pay' and not 'have to pay'.You can always see the bad side of the game and write a 5 liner review saying you are being milked, and Sega should extinct and that ""it's not what it used to be"". You can, and if you wish, don't buy the game, but you are losing a gem here because of some salt over the DLCs.Those DLCs have been in PLENTY of Sales, you can buy all of the DLCs including the base game for a real tiny price, and not buy it mid-year when the prices are normal. I myself to this day don't have the British DLC, or the Ardennes Assault DLC and I am doing just fine - Those DLCs are NOT pay-to-win, they just offer a different arsenal of factions, playstyles and more. Don't let this decide whether you want or don't want this game.The Microtransactions in-game are nothing but consmetics and small boosts, which some you can get by a little bit of grind. Let me tell you that - You are not going to be ""1337 Hax0r"" if you're going to buy all those commanders, boosts and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, it's RTS, a bad player will still be bad.I myself played both CoH1 & 2 for a lot of time, the game is a quality RTS which you can't see much following the same formula in today's market. CoH2 had a tough launch, balance issues and more, but now the game is much more absolute, and updates are still being made, even though a lot of time has already passed.CoH2 is being sold real cheap, and in sales the price is ridiculous - If the RTS is not burning in your bones but you want to try out this game and maybe stay for long, go ahead and wait for sale. But don't give up on this because of the DLCs and stuff.See you in the battlefield."
,Recommended,231430,21555397,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,CJ,This game is 2 OG
76561198160172861,Recommended,231430,32616508,Posted: 21 June,all,NaMeLeSsNL,"Just bought this game so I could fireKatiusha'sat the fasicts pigs while playing theglorious national anthem of the motherland!Yes, I give this game 10 stalins/10 stalins."
76561198095652659,Recommended,231430,33573412,Posted: 15 July,all,(63e) ThatSmartDude,"OK. Company of Heroes 2. Godamn it I can't give up on this game even after 3 years of owning it. Ignore peoples comments on the Germans being OP or extreme ubalanceness. If you want realism and balanced fights you need to play Spearhead: Combat Overhaul. Vannilla is imo horrible, alongwith mods like coh2 realim(which is eh) and ALL UNITS. If your worried about being anally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by vets just hook up with me (no homo) and I'll see if you can earn a spot in the COH2 circle of the OG players.Then, since its Relic, there is the issue of dlc and ""pay to win"" garbage. The content itself isnt bad and does make the game more fun but if you find yourself interested in this game get it alongside the dlc on a sale. I'm warning you, this game has a dying community. On a good day you find 8000 people from what used to be 10-15000. What else do you expect from Relic? In truth mods are the only reason im posting about this game. I hope to see you fighting alongside me."
,Recommended,231430,16513131,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MrSotko,"good fun, preview the game if you'd likehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpASTqJZB0s"
76561198097191311,Recommended,231430,9445240,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Oscar François de Jarjayes,play this game and play it with a good computer
,Not Recommended,231430,35139579,Posted: 22 September,all,zAnkle™,"Sad to see what this game has become, there was a point where balancing was pretty decent and you could have a chance at winning as the allies. Sadly we're now at a point where the most played faction in the game is the oberkommando west, they have no need to use cover, they only spam volk squads and blob them together with stg upgrades and can easily win every battle.The game is currently horribly balanced in favor of the axis factions, only in 1v1's do you stand a chance as allies. This is why so much of the player base has left."
,Not Recommended,231430,13114242,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Cpl. Thomas [1st RB],"I have to say I am not impressed with this game. I loved Company of Heroes but this, you just can't compare the two. This game does not have the feel of Company of Heroes. It was poorly made and like everyone else said, runs on very expensive DLC. When I played this, it was simply not fun. The idea of all these commanders instead of doctrines sucks. And just the overall look of the game is poor. The vehicles in this game compared to the ones in the first look crapy. They seem very unrealistic. And to all Company of Heroes fans, I recommend not buying this game. It is a poor sequal and makes the first seem far better. As a matter in fact, buy the first with all the DLC, download the Eastern Front mod, and boom, Company of Heroes 2 but better. Please, don't make the mistake of buying this poor excuse for a Company of Heroes game. It's just sad to see how this turned out.P.S: The pictures and trailers make the game look to be far better and nicer than it actually is"
76561198008978108,Recommended,231430,15359853,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Legion Freies Indien,"Another great game from Relic. Major improvements and more user friendly. Nail biting missions and not to forget Theatre of War. The game gives a first hand impression of gruesome Eastern Front and bloody fight for every inch of MotherLand! Again great singleplayer story. Still many important events missing in Single player missions like Kursk, Battle of Leningrad, Seelow Height and so on.. A new and great idea of bringing Theatre of War giving indepth glimpse of cruel war from both sides. Balancing is still a major issue. The improved sights is also awesome showing only what your men can see! Also challenging multiplayer maps where the player has to also keep a watch on weather and not just on enemy. But at the end a truly awesome game to play even with some issues......"
76561197999851350,Not Recommended,231430,35060977,Posted: 19 September,all,Brodomir,after all these years balance is still ♥♥♥♥ed
76561198027714922,Recommended,231430,14740657,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,DEV.Smalljaw,"With over 700 Hours on record for this game, I have a few things to say about it. 1) This game is my favourite RTS and in my opinion it blows COH1 out of the water, the combat is just so awesome... and to those people who say it isn't balanced, well you just suck, its all about how you play in this game, you can beat a King Tiger with a T-34 and beat a  IS-2 with a Panzer 4 if you use it right so don't go saying its imbalanced. 2) Lots of people say this game got ruined by adding a ton of DLC you have to buy, (At first it was like that) but it has changed, you actually have to play to unlock commanders and other bonuses the only thing you have to purchase is the Other nations (Both come together) which is relatively cheap, I mean, I got the game and the Western armies DLC for under $30NZ all together and just played to get all the commanders which were previously DLC. 3) i've played this game so much and NEVER... EVER had a bug that made it so I couldn't play, so to those people that say the game is full of bugs... Maybe its just your computer eh?!? (Maybe stop watching porn and getting all those bugs and viruses you all complain about ya idoits)I have thousands of games and to anyone reading this review, COH2 is one of the Few games i've never stopped playing, i've made of ton of friends and enjoyed playing, enjoyed winning, and enjoyed getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked. So if you like WW2 RTS games, this is for sure the game you want.. if not...♥♥♥♥♥♥off"
76561198098468158,Recommended,231430,33097196,Posted: 1 July,all,Alex Jones,if you loved COH you'll love this one too
76561198006882147,Recommended,231430,23568000,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Sasqautch,Had a great time with this one and enjoyed the campaign. If you have an interest in WW2 i recomend checking this one out its quite good and i had an awesome time commanding my Russian troops : ) Stalin says now go cowards and if you die i will replace you with my next wave of infantry : )
,Recommended,231430,23347237,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Señor Mostacho,"Taking fire from a cute little Panzer, f*cking adorable like a puppy, KILL IT !!!"
76561198142403752,Recommended,231430,23663588,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Trashed and Scattered,Love it!
76561198250061522,Recommended,231430,24064925,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,F.M Bernard Montgormery,"Amazing game, very balanced, definetly worth the purchase"
,Recommended,231430,24214142,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Mr. Bee,"There are microtransactions, but it is a good game and has amazing cinematics in the campaign."
,Recommended,231430,24280940,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,N0.1,Good game
,Recommended,231430,24400467,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,GS,"love this game, its for people who love RTS hardcore.but i'm too busy to play it anymore"
,Recommended,231430,24431415,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,dDave113,Top game. Especially with realism mod.
,Recommended,231430,24477461,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Pancho Sanchez,"A different strategy game. Haven't played the first one, but this is so good. Very tactical and the story is also not bad."
,Recommended,231430,24551029,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Homely Scallop,"Company of Heroes 2 is by far the greatest WW2 real time stategy game to ever exist. Not only is the gameplay fun and easy to adapt to, but the historic element really set the game in it's own world. The multiplayer is also the best of any RTS computer game to date, banding together and fighting your way to victory, there is no better gaming experience. 5 stars!"
76561198035549246,Recommended,231430,28222504,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Humperdoo,"Not bad, enjoyed first CoH more."
76561198257410650,Recommended,231430,23702125,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Pred,the game is pretty good not the best game for beginers but if ure not lazy like iam and finish the campaing u would be 20x better the campaing is pretty on point with historical battles execpt the game is very arcady and if u want a relistecic experience get the spear head mod.my one complaint there is some much added dlc and would recomened getting the masters eddition if u are in to rts games but wait till summer sales as i got the masres eddition for cheaper than the game
76561198003743715,Recommended,231430,23719624,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,"TUZÃO, O VERME","Cool game, great features, but when it comes to multiplayer experience it seems the creators are all Englishmen: Unballanced."
76561198051391855,Recommended,231430,26705827,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,SCOOTGOD!!!!!!!!!,"its fun and fast-paced, the battle can change at any moment by flanking your opponents and cutting supply lines."
76561198007076911,Recommended,231430,27056282,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dopecrawler,Always viable
,Recommended,231430,28740533,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Killa 「EC」,"Best Strategy Game of all the Time!!!Deploy Tiger Tank and destroy everything, bad♥♥♥♥♥tank"
76561198101781981,Recommended,231430,23497326,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Bronya  Zaychik,"nerf,nerf,nerf,all you do is nerfing Wehrmacht,who is now very weak,but it is still a good game"
,Recommended,231430,24433475,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,ВсемогущийСталин,"Lets beggin with expensive DLCs that you can just wait some discount to buy them (or if you feel free to waste money, then go on). Then we have awesome match maker who will put you in fight with people who are 100th level of 3rd prestige while you are still under 1st prestige. Even if it says that it will put you in fight with players of ""similar skill"".... yeah right :)))) And then we have some units that are simply OP to others, but they are expensive as♥♥♥♥♥♥so other team can gather stuff enought to defeat that OP thing (for example until Oberkommando sent Tiger 2, Soviets can stack up on lots of T-34 and Infantry so Tiger 2 can be lost in vain). But gameplay is good and if you play with people similar to your level it is actualy pretty fun. Game is all about tactics and not rushing in like crazy, if you do that, you will lose for sure. So this game relys on strategy, team play, etc. So overall game is fun and fair when you play with people similar level as you, but it isnt when it get you with people 3 times larger level than you are. Matchmaker doesnt do that often but it happens.Ok now lets get to single-player. First of all officers standing in home base killing your soldiers when they retreat is so annoying... And this game... I dont know... like it defends Nazis claming that those 20 million + Soviet people were actualy mostly killed by Order 227 and not by Nazis. While in reality Order 227 was only done on aprox. 150 000 Soviet soldiers during entire war but only 15% were killed and Order 227 was mostly sending Soldiers that retreated in prisons or Shtrafbat units (Shtrafbat units are units who do most dangerous jobs and are not allowed to retreat or else will be shot... them and not real Soviet soldiers. They were mostly prisoners that are promissed freedom after war is done if they survive. But when it is soldier in question, if he does mission and survive, he will be returned to his squad). Ok, I dont mean Relic is defending Nazis... that was a joke... chill.... I think they digged on surfice only and actualy didnt care that much about that... but those officers are annoying as ♥♥♥♥. And main character acts like they do that for no reason and that they are actualy agressor and not Nazi Germany... So also gameplay is gr8 m8 but story sucks a bit and officers are annoying. So in conclusion game is fun and good but there are some annoying stuff.Probably most of you wont even read this :((((And I dont care :)))) No one cares :))))"
,Recommended,231430,23479267,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Eru Ilúvatar,"Very realistic RTS i've ever played, i recommend it to those loved command and conquer games"
76561198043765346,Recommended,231430,16802294,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,BeardofSocrates ★,"Lots of balance issues, but you're bound to have a lot fun."
,Not Recommended,231430,9088536,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Slimey,:(
76561198077807448,Not Recommended,231430,9083361,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Bob,gg 5/10
,Recommended,231430,9106731,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,m00  <TABbaerz>,10/10 amazing game and it's getting better and better with every update.
76561197983925361,Not Recommended,231430,9486614,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,=VTA=AirborneCZ,step back in CoH series. all the good things gone. waste of money and time
,Not Recommended,231430,13632185,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Musclement,"I would like to start with a summary of my review: do not buy this game, instead download Blitzkrieg Mod for Coh 1 and keep playing that.I believe actually everything became worse in this game, especially compared to the Blitzkieg Mod of the first game. Graphics are in my opinion not better, the matchmaking system used to be a terrible mess but in the end made some sense after many updates, the whole menu and the ''commander'' instead of a doctorine system is the most complicated thing any human could ever create, many maps are just copied from the first game, and finally: half of the game was left our so that they could later add the content in multiple stages and ask 20 E for each DLC."
,Recommended,231430,8852386,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,╬ JakeDaBear ╬,This game is Awesome!
76561198127885851,Not Recommended,231430,17623805,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,yourswisster,loved the game at first but now it just suddenly stopped working (and it was the day after i got it and i didnt download anything) and the error was system error missing executable so i tried everything they said about how to fix it and then it still wouldnt work then when i requested a refund (i filled out everything and specfied) it refused saying we have no history of you owning this game even though i can see it says i own it and i have ch2 ch2 beta and the british dlc (whatever its called)
,Recommended,231430,25503217,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,DreamCatalog,"The game is more balanced than ever thanks to Relic fine tuning the game. 15 dollars is a small price to pay here, I have no qualms about buying a few commanders to further support the title. Not only that the drop system is very generous, I have recieved multiple commanders, bulletins, and skins by simply playing the game both online, in the campaign and against AI opponents. Overall it's the king of RTS, blows Men Of War 2 out of the water in graphics, gameplay, and performance. It's also very easy to find players online, either by using the great Automatch feature or simply entering the built in chat areas where players frequently will invite you."
,Not Recommended,231430,9089005,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,sunfish,"panthers have less accuracy than an airsoft gunnot an exaggeration, that's the ♥♥♥♥ing truth"
76561198035152604,Recommended,231430,10197975,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Graeculus Magnus,Great sequel to the greatest WW2 RTS!!!
,Recommended,231430,11345050,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Navis115,"When the game first came out, it felt good, but not...great. It was lacking, it was fun though. With the addition of the western armies though it feels like a well balanced game and has some interesting units and stratagies to win. I would recommend it to anyone that is looking for a different kind of strategy game."
,Recommended,231430,10499969,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,H3H3's A Hypocrite Cx,Best game ever.
,Recommended,231430,8884100,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,EYHH-FhYfhHAANN,100% Awesome
76561197972445514,Recommended,231430,10355828,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Hellbishop,COMPANY OF HEROES 2 is an adrenaline heart pumping strategic thinking triggering work of gaming art. The last time I saw this level of strategic depth and detail to realism was when playing table top war games like NAPOLEON AT WATERLOO. Here the computer takes the number crunching out of the players hands while delivering tons of statistical info on screen as things like weather and terrain play huge roles in the outcome of battles.Weather such as snow can effect armies by freezing them to death and slowing them down. And having one type of snow variable effecting different things wasn't enough for RELIC they also had to add in blizzards which effect line of sight while magnifying the consequences of regular snowfall. By building fire pits or entering buildings units are able to stay warm and be protected by the demoralizing elements of nature. Snow banks can be blasted away to clear a path and make traveling easier.I found myself getting attached to ground troops as they would survive battles and become experienced veterans only to feel my heart sink a bit as a veteran infantry tank killing unit got decimated by a almost dead King Tiger tank. Then there were those times when only one soldier was left squeezing off that final rocket which lands a lucky shot making a armor unit into a slag of burning metal.Pretty much every unit in COMPANY OF HEREOS 2 can be upgraded with better weapons and defensive measures like smoke screens to better survive the brutal battlefield.Graphics are stunning looking like something out of a table top miniatures war game with detail one can zoom into seeing the wood grain on rifles and the whites of the enemies eyes.Sound effects are unequaled in their immersive power putting me in a different world consumed by unrelenting remorseless war where the only choice is to fight or die. It was a electric mind jolt of terror hearing soldiers screaming in agony as their bunker was drenched with cascading waves of flamethrower fire. Where's the Thorazine!? I think am having a flashback!COMPANY OF HEROES 2 a nonstop battle fest of screaming metal and unbound heroism by valiant Russian men and women fighting for what they believe in. Buy it! Play it! Experience the horror and the glory that is COMPANY OF HEROES 2!!!
,Recommended,231430,31379370,Posted: 26 April,all,DExUS,"thumb up, all time favorite RTS for me."
76561197972032930,Recommended,231430,9368306,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,HERMAN,Best Game ever made simple as that
,Recommended,231430,21644959,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ostkaka,We are recruiting all guys from Noobs to pros. in our Community so get ts3 and join onts.hyperfall.org
76561198079891964,Recommended,231430,17740923,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,scrummy99,"Great RTS that provides both intense combat situations and a wide array of ways to go about winning depending on what your prefered playstyle is (be it armoured or infantry focused, maybe even a defensive strategy relying on your buildings). My favourite thing about this installation of COH is the excellent SteamWorkshop that makes modding extremely easy and provides many customization options (I personally beileve that the Infantry only mode is a must for the experience it provides). Overall I've put in around 300 hours into this game counting both my online and offline hours in Steam and I would definitly recommend it, with the one big negative for this game being the DLC practices that are employed."
76561198113481855,Recommended,231430,9341659,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Dracula^Dragon,Newer games keep coming out but this game is still in top of my games library and keep playing until now.totally recommend!!!
,Not Recommended,231430,17018081,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Wilfer88,"A little more of the same from CoH1. Not that much improved. But kind of pritty to look at. In the long run, it fails to entertain."
76561198002225676,Recommended,231430,8852549,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,RichardSG,Mutliplayer is where the game shines. Single player campaign is a little short.
76561198006873681,Recommended,231430,8849506,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Kilo,"Well, let me start by saying that I would not have bought this game if had not been 1) That it was on discount ($13.50) and 2) since the release of this game Relic has messed up COH1 servers, so playing online COH1 is not the same experience.So about this game; I like the explosions they definatly have more power to them compared to the first COH, expecially rounds fired from tanks. The weather mechanic defently mixes things up. And it is still a COH game so the multiplayer is entertaining, eventhough not as entertaining as the first one.Now what I don't like; I think Relic has done a really poor job with the interface of the game. Before everything was neatly placed, now I feel like the screen is crammed and just not very intuitive. Also I feel infantry engagements are dull. The way infantry models move is awkward, as compared to COH1 where it felt much more natural. So in my opinion it needs some polishing and refining.Enviroment wise you always feel like you fight in the same village. There is no urban settings, or architechtrure that reflects communist soviet union of 1941 to give a sense of place and time, again, something that was present in COH1. When you played CoH1 the surroinding area felt like France 1944...The last point is pretty big one DLC's! Personally I hate DLC, $1.50 for a tank skin is an offense to the consumers intelligence, these meal piece DLC should have been part of the game from the beginning, or they should have been released in a comprehensive stand alone like Opposing Fronts to enrich the game instead of this BS!All in all, the game is just ok."
,Recommended,231430,8853276,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,benbak92,ww2 oaf
76561198108038772,Recommended,231430,10412053,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,How to train your jakiro,I love this game its soo fun  100/10:D good job relic
76561198118801735,Recommended,231430,8775880,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Psychotic Oz,"This game is the best rts game since Company of Heroes 1 if you're in to epic real time ww2 stratedgy games then this game should be for you!so far it has 4 Factions which are all fun, the game does have some balance issues but nothing too bad it also could just be me, it all depends on which factions i play againts and which commander I chose.Also its cool because you can customize you army from commanders to camo skins for your vehicles.But be prepared for this game is extreemly competitive online so all in all I give this game a 9.5/10 have a nice time."
,Recommended,231430,11059447,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Tran Of Magis,"Took the spot as my favorite game over Total War, which had been long-standing. Fast paced game, comebacks always possible, and a refreshing focus on the actual combat rather than shallow combat with resource gathering. Game is absolutely great. Multiplayer right now is fairly well balanced, with a few elements overperforming, but they're negligible. Overall, it's worth every penny you pay for it."
76561197992975935,Recommended,231430,10487555,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,KickSledge,"Täydellisen postiivisen negatiivinen peli! Hieman pettymyksiä, mutta samalla vähän parannuksia."
,Recommended,231430,13839981,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,sovietologist,"A lot of DLC to buy, and very expensive, also AI isnt always the best, campaign missions start to get boring and repetitiveand its not VAC Secured so who knows how many cheaters there are on Multiplayer, But i like the game mainly because it has a good storyline in the campaign and good gameplay.6/10"
76561198018406851,Recommended,231430,13263314,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,{F13}Blackoutt78,One of the best RTS games in 2013.
76561198001268032,Recommended,231430,13663563,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DeadlyDoug,"Recommend this game, its not as hard core as Men of War but a fun game"
76561198031276840,Recommended,231430,10270639,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,jabim abdul,I would reccomend this game to any body i have been a fan of the COH series since it first started and they do not dissapoint with each new release or DLC
,Recommended,231430,9957484,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,clayo,very much fun
,Recommended,231430,9759407,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,silentbreacher,"A recommended game for true RTS players, it will definitely surpass the magnificent CoH 1. Of course CoH 1 had its flaws way back but we know how we loved the first game. I can say that CoH 2's still in its toddler's stage but in the long run, with the Western Front Armies coming in, surely it will be a blast. Highly recommended game. :)"
76561198025438601,Recommended,231430,10291253,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,RED,what i think about company of hereos 2it is a really fun game to play if you like strategy game this is your game to play! if you now about company of horeos 2 it is a ww2 game well i think is a good game you use buy it like i say it is really fun to play
76561198026097760,Recommended,231430,10298476,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,MERCY,A really fun game to play with friends!!!
,Recommended,231430,10308277,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Rhys Ian Harris,I love lamp and I think COH2 loves lamps aswell soo if that is the case then I highly recommend it to even to most hardcore poker players and drug dealers of las vegas
76561198048032361,Recommended,231430,11152494,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Pollywally,Its a fun game but not worth 40 dollars
76561197987520684,Recommended,231430,10820324,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Don Bowdenoli,"If you like World War Two games and strategy games then this is for you, the learning curve is pretty steep but the once you get the hang of it no other game offers this kind of experience, been playing since launch and its just been getting better and better (both with added content and balance)."
76561197967626757,Recommended,231430,12036056,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Haxenbein,do it
,Recommended,231430,10061789,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Marksnus,"A decent game, worth a try."
,Recommended,231430,32167232,Posted: 3 June,all,Reeeaper,"Hello. Review time. Let's go.INFO--Takes place in WW2-Focused in the Eastern Front-SNOW!PROS--As far as I can see and in my opinion, it has a good campaign. It actually feels more like war than CoH 1 did.-Multiplayer modes. (PvP, PvB)-Skirmish.-Adds Realism to the game when it comes to Ice: A tank is driving across a frozen lake. If the tank hits a bad spot in the ice, ice breaks, tank is destroyed.-It's still Allies vs Axis. But there are new vehicles and squads for you to use.-Has modding support just like the first one.-Workshop to download custom maps on.-Comes with a World Builder.. (If anyone is in to that stuff)CONS--Balancing issues in multiplayer. German is more  overpowered than all the other ones.-Graphics are poor.-Missions can sometimes seem like your done with it, but they actually take way longer than expected to finish. (I actually like this, but most people don't.)-35% good community. 65% bad.LAST WORDS--If you like playing Skirmish, PvB on multiplayer, and Singleplayer Campaign, then this game is for you. But if you only look for it to play PvP Multiplayer, this is not a good one. If you PvP: Get the first game.-I give this game a 7.5/10"
,Recommended,231430,830207,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Seed of Power,Some russians need to calm the ♥♥♥♥ down. The story is story is good and the game is fun.
76561198015505773,Recommended,231430,28613438,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SubZero,Best WWII strategy game along with CoH1. With great mods you can play many variety.
,Not Recommended,231430,19645456,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Zarathos,"Such a boring game, they made the Armies so ineffective to let you buy more commanders in the game for 3$ each."
76561198071921250,Recommended,231430,12537129,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,凸 ( ͡° _ ͡°) 凸 noobster,Best RTS ever period
,Recommended,231430,3486733,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,raw,"""This is false, anti-Soviet, anti-Russian game that has nothing to do with the real history! It offends the memory of the entire Soviet people (at the moment all the people living in the former Soviet Union), who sacrificed their lives and fought for their motherland, their country, their people, their relatives. ""Therefore, a must!"
,Recommended,231430,30267019,Posted: 1 March,all,λ_mathew_λ,"The single player is a masterpiece, i don't give a f*** about multiplayer"
76561198017994189,Recommended,231430,9581292,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Exzyz,Worthy succesor to the original game.
,Recommended,231430,10044791,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Ickie•°,"What are you waiting for!?..you mean to tell me you have NOT got around to buying this yet??Just in case you missed the first installment of CoH,then again with opposing fronts etc,and you have just come across this franchise,imo this franchise is the BEST RTS out there and has been since 2007 when Relic released the first one....Sega have done this franchise proud and CoH2 again imo will take CoH well into 2014 and beyond!.Check it out on steam as they always do deals for the whole bundle,CoH2 is a stand alone so you dont have to own the first three games to play it.well,what are you waiting for?!?.:) pst,i just read some of the above reviews after i wrote this,and noticed that some although they DONT recommend the game they still have put in over 400+hours gameplay!!!0.o (take that how you wish)...basically if your a fan of company of heroes go and buy this end of story."
76561198060355492,Recommended,231430,9623708,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Kelly_121286,"Absolutely love this game... as well as all CoH titles.CoH2 is indeed a good game, however, it seems as if it should have been an expansion pack for CoH1. You can no longer play as the Americans, British or Panzer Elite. Also, CoH2 has added DLC and the game has grown to be slightly ""Pay to WIN""... All the best Commanders must be purchased.I still love the game but I was slightly disappointed. I miss my Americans and British."
76561197993296428,Not Recommended,231430,9089389,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,The Loremaster,"COH2 failed to create anything new. The only thing that's ""new"" about this game are the skins and the so-called storyline. There are MODS for COH 1 that are more immersive and more entertaining than COH2. Sadly, it did not live up to the hype. RIP"
,Recommended,231430,8980669,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Feaver,"Do you enjoy playing fast paced, well running real time strategy games? Do love destroying hordes of justice hating Nazi soldiers? Well Company of Heroes 2 is definitely the game for you!Now, disregard all the other reviews for this game. Yes, the game can occasionally be a tad historically inaccurate. Weapons wise it's spot on, however, due to good gameplay requirements a couple of historical mistakes may appear.  For a more accurate RTS experiance there are other options out there, sheesh you can go and play games that allow you to control entire countries if you wish. Yes, the gameplay is similar to the original aside from a couple of new mechanics such as freezing (Hey! How do you improve on an already amazing game?). Many reviews I have seen involve people complaining about technical issues such as freezing, crashes, etc. I understand being online could be an issue, but I have so far encountered no such issues in any of the modes CoH2 offers. Speaking of modes, this games offers plenty. Between single player, mulitplayer player (which offers ""Customizable"", ""Co-op vs. AI"", and ""Player vs. Player"" matches), and ""Theater of War"" (which adds more battles that allow you to further test and improve your skills) CoH2 has it all. There are also some DLCs you can purchase. Another complaint I've noticed is ""the units are just re-skined from the 1st game"", last I checked Hitler nor Stalin required a fashion revamp on soldier uniforms during the war...All in all I believe this game is definitely worth getting your hands on. If you don't want to drop a load since the current price is $39.99 you can simply wait on an infamous Steam sale where you can get CoH2 for like five bucks."
,Recommended,231430,30968032,Posted: 5 April,all,[GONE]✠Epheriuϟ✠,"Terrible at launch, became great after a few years"
,Not Recommended,231430,32685411,Posted: 23 June,all,Expertly Noob,simply my complain-lack of multiplayer mode like the first game-too much microtransaction-the playable unit is not that much compared to the first game(unless you pay more that's it)
76561198056102175,Recommended,231430,8028165,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,-DerHexer85-,"The game is good, but the system requirements are too high and this isn't good. The second world war climate is what I like. The best things in this game are explosions or flames. The most fun you can have in this game is to play with other gamers on coop or against them. The single player has a good story. The game is good and it has a good climate. I'm recommending this game for everyone who likes the WWII climate. There are many bugs, which are a little stupid for me. For example, you are losing points too fast sometimes, but this is not a major error and it will hopefully be corrected someday."
,Recommended,231430,31669220,Posted: 10 May,all,mbooo1,"i like this game so much!!!!!.the graphic on this game is very good and very detailed.the physhic is awesome,you can destroy anything like building,tree,bridge,gate,etc.the gameplay is very challenging and very fun.this game is the best RTS game ever i ever played"
,Recommended,231430,20333321,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,mikesx4911,"One of the best RTS I have played since Command & Conquer... Yes it's that good! Great graphics, cool units, great animations, they seem to keep updaiting the game which keeps it alive. This is a must buy!! I have over 1000 hrs into this game totally worth the full price I bought it at."
,Recommended,231430,14379401,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,tacoburger [MM],help the germans spammed tigers
,Not Recommended,231430,18068903,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,☁BAZ☁,i do like the gameplay but i dont like how i have to buy every army and campagin.. want money back
,Not Recommended,231430,17776915,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,For Sale: Fortnite 20 Bucks,"SEGA's way of making a buck and urinating on the finest RTS to ever grace your PC. Instead of continueing the legacy SEGA has turned CoH into a horrible p2w game. Pooping out expansions for ridiculous prices and not even realising the game does not carry enough players resulting in the gamers that still play it to be spread thin.To make matters worse its a p2w concept as each new release/DLC seems to be horribly OP compared to the last and is never balanced in any way. Not so much a problem for co-op but way to go on killing multiplayer.If SEGA had any common sense they would bring back COHo, kick Relic in the nuts to finally, for the first time in their lives, write a proper darn netcode!!! and be able to haul in on microtransactions that way. Rather then this poorly cammoflaged DLC nonsense.(for those who dont know COHo. It was an online version of the original COH with microtransactions, hero units, player character etc. A very nice implemantion if I do say so myself. Alas, as all relic games, it was bugged by a horrible netcode which allowed players about to lose to 'drophack' making the game server think everyone quit but them. A problem the original COH suffered from as well and Relic never bothered addressing. Instead they scrubbed the game entirely!).SEGA if you want to make money of this franchise and not♥♥♥♥♥♥off the world gaming community. Please sell the rights."
,Not Recommended,231430,18008449,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,∃,"Warning for linux players: No support for AMD cards, supports only a few nvidia cards. Terrible performance. No cross platform play."
,Not Recommended,231430,21973156,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Jayfrow,"The game is fun, but the DLC is ridiculously expensive. The same thing that happened to Total War: Rome 2 is happening to this."
,Not Recommended,231430,21923006,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Bl++d,"This game is a downgrade of COH 1.Less tactical elements/options. Lots of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t random number generator.The game engine is purely awesome, but gameplay is ♥♥♥♥ed."
76561198040679747,Not Recommended,231430,21981896,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,PikachuCheGuevara,Poor optimization on the imac. Frequent freezes and bugs. Since last update game does not start.At beginning of launch it simply closes and thats all. Please fix.
76561198040684824,Not Recommended,231430,21987983,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Ruschkeman,Just say no and get part one. Trust me.
,Recommended,231430,31056129,Posted: 10 April,all,sdclark116233,Amazing Game
76561198134242728,Recommended,231430,32035956,Posted: 28 May,all,Kongou-san desu,Rose are redViolets are blueIm stuck on Eastern FrontAnd so are F**king you!
76561198320443663,Recommended,231430,35087196,Posted: 20 September,all,WhitiE,"I wish the developers supported the game a little more, but the game itself is amazing."
76561198074199653,Recommended,231430,17903737,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,~{1E}~ḾαᶉΐŋěḈᵰҏτ,"Love the game, since I got it on the summer discount!"
76561198155055993,Not Recommended,231430,20553525,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Hades Zero,"Having invested 100+ hours in this game,mostly on pvp i can say im not impressed at all.Dont get me wrong.CoH 2 is a good game in general but nothing special and certainly doesnt deserve all this hype its getting from game critics.Then again im 100 percent sure  most of the game experts as they like to be  called havent  really spent more than 10 hours  exploring the game.Campaign is more of the same we met in CoH 1.Take that position,hold it afterwards and repeat until done.And then do it again on the next mission.Zero diversity there,got bored after 5-6 hours of doing the same thing.Didnt expect much from the campaign anyway to be honest.And we come to pvp which is what i had high hopes for,but unfortunately my hopes were wrecked pretty much from the lobby.There are no words to describe how unbalanced matchmaking is.When i started i was like from 5-9 lvs and i got to play with guys who were 30+ lvs.I dont know what happened but its pretty obvious devs didnt really  put an effort into that.Also pvps are unbalanced mainly because of the money hungry policy of Sega.Havent seen so many dlcs before in a game.It seems to me that the original game without dlcs wasnt even 25 percent full.And even without all the dlcs disturbing the balance,the factions themselves look so unbalanced.Updates come out constantly but they dont seem to fix a lot and almost always create other problems instead of fixing.Some poor optimizing also adds even bigger problems.In general  after investing a lot of time in the game,personally i believe CoH2 is more of a hasty  and ill-designed expansion to the first game with some changes in graphics and gameplay following the DoW 2 pattern.No real effort to fix or improve anything.The only effort that took place is for the company to grab as much money as it can via dlcs offering a half game that doesnt really offer anything more than the 1st CoH.And for that i only blame the publisher which is Sega and her money-grabbing policies.Relic is actually a quite decent company as we got to know her from the DoW series which unfortunately got bought by a greedy publisher."
76561198007373289,Not Recommended,231430,30772083,Posted: 27 March,all,Ookami,"Just stick with the original CoH. All this one produced was theft of your wallet. legit close to $150 when it's all said and done. The product (after they fixed all the balance issues) is worth $60-80 tops and that's me being generous but Just because they designed this game to literally rip off their die hard fans during the first release, i'm giving it thumbs down. Legit expansion packs are one thing but whom ever decided to remove content from the original game just to sell it as dlc should be slapped in the face and removed from the gaming industry. When you attempt to rob your customers you tend to lose them."
,Not Recommended,231430,17453795,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Muronelkaz,"Relic makes excellent RTS games but the DLC and modding for this one is terrible,"
,Not Recommended,231430,15243884,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,☭Hav0c☭,Having to buy everything and anything to play Campaign is just annoying buy Men Of War instead
,Not Recommended,231430,16569275,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Bulbasaur,"If you're buying this game for the campaign, don't bother. The game has had bugs since last year where the game minimises. Once it minimises, you cannot then maximise it and continue to play the game. The game needs to be killed via task manager & then re-started. The issue will consistantly re-occur.Save your money.Very dissapointing.. the first COH was very fun & the first 2 missions of this game were as well. Too bad you can't pass the third.I've had to get a refund due to the game not being playable."
76561198212887432,Recommended,231430,30027494,Posted: 18 February,all,Dolinc,"One of the best strategies. Worth buying, especially when the discount available. Definitely worth a purchase"
,Not Recommended,231430,16327242,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sir Russell Of Crowe,"This game sucks, why do people let Sega break things all the time."
,Recommended,231430,35397392,Posted: 1 October,all,The Biker™,So this basicly sums up 50% of my playtime in CoH21.Start a game as mighty Soviet army2.Capture a few fuel sectors and hold them with maxim MG’s and one mortar squad.3.Save up for T-34 and train around 3 of them4.Then just spam Katyusha rocket trucks and bombard the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the enemy team
76561198079191616,Not Recommended,231430,33745917,Posted: 23 July,all,Chipz,the micro transactons are a joke u buy a game the they piece it nope wld not buy will not support this game at all
76561198041486606,Recommended,231430,23525388,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Count Proximo,"More than 700 of my 800+ hours were spent leaving the game to run on Pepperidge Farm.Having amassed hundreds of skins, commanders, and bulletins through this wonderful cheese, I was content with having completely screwed the paid DLC system for my personal gain. I was excited for Relic to one day go through with their promise of implementing a system where you could cache in duplicates, and my coffers were full to bursting.Then Relic released the war spoils overhaul, which rewarded those who spent 800+ hours actually playing the game, and punished those who spent that same amount of time tilling the fields of Pepperidge Farm. A digital blight, as it were, swept through the farm and destroyed all my duplicates, along with those of my fellow farmers of Pepperidge.Whatever. I thought it was pretty funny. After all, I put zero effort in to earning those things.  5/7."
76561197970733712,Recommended,231430,24191494,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Flappy,Game is fun and worth buying but has a number of issues.  The HUD is not as clean as CoH 1.  Selecting and keeping track of units is not as smooth as CoH 1.  This results in unit losses frequently.  Still a fun game with a large RTS community.
76561198060091179,Recommended,231430,24478346,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Simtex21,nice
76561198186960613,Recommended,231430,24493982,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,CompanyCommand,Gameplay is fantastic and runs smoothly and alot better than the first game
76561198349819764,Recommended,231430,28355549,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,ewan30,Dobrá hra
76561197989395558,Recommended,231430,28744559,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Massey,The game is great. It had its hey day back in 2014/15 when the online community had epic battles (I mainly play 4vs4 [real war]). I miss those days where u fight for every tooth and nail! Now days these this new wave coming through and u have to fight like a good 75ish games to get the ONE epic battle of old. All the other games you have to help this new wave point there guns the right way. That said I enjoy the game when its a HARD fight! Not what the new wave is doing to the community..... killing it.
,Recommended,231430,23156908,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Tumblr Goddess,"Probably one of the best RTS games ive ever played i have to say i feel like they went wrong with the micro transactions and all of the purchases necessary for content and it should have been released in a more wholesome package but aside from that the gameplay is great! however if youre trying to play multiplayer competively and have a balanced game without spending extra money i would probably just go with the original CoH. other than that again, Great game."
,Recommended,231430,24084559,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,LOLYOU,GIVE MY OBBERKOMANDO'S BACK ITS TOO BAD NOW
,Recommended,231430,24098553,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Billy,great game worth the money :)
,Recommended,231430,31324551,Posted: 23 April,all,orusbu,THE BATTLE HAS BEEN WON !!!!
76561198012642842,Recommended,231430,15250281,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Prinz Eugen von Savoyen,"Roses are red, Violets are blue.I'm stuck on the Eastern front... AND SO ARE ♥♥♥♥ING YOU! ^_^"
76561197972535448,Not Recommended,231430,35394283,Posted: 1 October,all,Doc Snuggles,"Avoid this game like the goddamn plague, even if it is on a massive sale.Its nearly unplayable, unbalanced, boring and tedious.Also the hundreds of overpriced DLC is constantly getting pushed at you.Seriously, locking the Tiger tanks and Pershings behind 5-10 euro paywalls.Classy move, real classy.Dont buy this, ever!"
76561198170723146,Recommended,231430,33757655,Posted: 23 July,all,✪soupman,"Wait till it goes on sale, then buy it and maybe a few other dlcs.9/10"
76561198097656706,Recommended,231430,8843370,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,allu,This is also a game.
76561198015773573,Recommended,231430,9161653,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Fianoglach_Airm,"Great game , realistic tactics and good graphics and groupings . thouroughly enjoyable"
,Not Recommended,231430,9112544,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,ZeroHour60,No longer works.
76561197998934643,Not Recommended,231430,9463766,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Rusty and Clark Griswold,This game is broken and a P.O.S.  Thanks for selling us a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥  Rot in hell for tricking us.
,Recommended,231430,8807146,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,primusamurai,very nice game.good multiplayer.needs more nations in the game.
76561198055951085,Recommended,231430,8821085,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,ThatMr Z,"Great game. Bought the original CoH a couple of years ago and the series is by far my favourite when it comes to any game. This game definitely didn't dissapoint, glad to have gotten it."
,Not Recommended,231430,9939781,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,ZombieslayR,"In all honesty, I dont really get it?I LOVED Company Of Heroes, it was an amazing game with so much attention to detail its quite unreal but this game seems more like it should simply be DLC than another game, and esspecially not a sequal to the first game.Let me elaborate; there simply hasnt been that much added to warrant this game being released as a sequal. The setting is different and the russians are now the ""good"" guys. But they removed the American and English teams and collapsed the Nazi's into one team, sure you can set up new load outs but its not that big of a deal as they all seem quite similar. Another point is that in honesty they seem to have removed quite a few features such as the amazing defensive abilities (as well as most defensive buildings).I cant recommend this game for these reasons, I'm not saying its a BAD game, I'm saying it needs more features added, and not as DLC, to make this game seem like you get what you pay for. COH1 is still one of my favorite games of all time but this just falls short in so many aspects.If it goes free or they do a 90% sale by all means pick it up but dont pay 29.99 for it."
,Recommended,231430,9663165,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,stefanheartbelyakin,I love it Fun! :-) <3
,Recommended,231430,8851105,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Fat Black Milksac,Alright I'll start off by saying that I love the gameplay but these damn microtransactions kill my vibe. Imagine buying a game where you have to pay ten dollars in order to use half of the units in the game. It's like Rome: Total War 2 all over again.
76561198026171864,Recommended,231430,9922513,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,🔧 [NSI]Chelios,Recommended but it has a long way to go before it's up to the standard of the original.
76561198055966238,Recommended,231430,8891905,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,-Thomson-,this game went from bad to little beter to a ♥♥♥♥ing plane wreck pfff veryy lame♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,231430,13587526,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Giraffe☤,"Company of Heroes 2 is a great game that could make an addict to the player. This Sega product successfully made me proud with their detailed features. You can launch this game with any system preference, but you may need a refined CPU or great internet speed so it can balance the quality of the game which has big maps and high qualities that may cause low framerate for a bad computer. Worthy game prices. This is a strategy game that took place in the second world war. The game has its own campaign missions and real time mission features that is called Theater of War. The gameplay is pretty clear, it is almost like Command & Conquer games (search in EA Games), you build structures and units, with resources of course. The multiplayer is well made and totally cooperative as you need a lot of tactics in every match.I do believe that this game is suitable for those who like serious, cooperative, realistic, historical strategy games. I suggest buying the Dlcs for this game to make it even more enjoyable (eg: Ardennes Assault). I recommend this game for the fun, enjoy."
76561197965686908,Recommended,231430,14374693,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Mr_Harley,"Fantastic game. Realistic, and improves upon the first game in every way. Definitely worth the purchase.I'm curious as to what everyone else is complaining about, because the game is amazingly fun, runs smoothly, and even the AI functions like opposing humans (unlike the first CoH, in which the AI essentially just spammed its way to victory). This is one of the few sequels that absolutely outdoes its predecessor."
76561197998282957,Not Recommended,231430,8121836,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Predlaw,fuken buggy as♥♥♥♥♥
76561198093773259,Recommended,231430,9235672,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,SabreBadger,"This game is a solid sequal to the original Company of Heroes.Relic have managed to maintain the core gameplay and faction styles while improving the graphics, sound, animation and more that improve upon the original game.I find Relic continually support it and try to ensure their userbase are happy, usually releasing a patch every month or so with bug fixes, balances tweaks and new DLC.The game itself is solid and fun to play even though it can get slightly repetitive, and although could be improved it is my favourite game of all time."
,Not Recommended,231430,8287996,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Shadowolph,The beta was the game. the additional 60 dollars just kept me busy through a straighforward campaign for a few hours. This lacks the generals feel... on all magnitudes. And the money pinching is BS. I will continue to boycott games that choose to cleverly influence their players to pump money to the publishers rather than present something with a more creative and original aspect.
,Not Recommended,231430,8354076,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Sticks & Skills,"Note: You have to really understand the history of RTS games and be a huge fan of core RTS mechanics to understand this review.Going backwards is Relic’s new motto and it SUCKS!You need to stick with Company of Heroes “ONE”, and also use the mods; the Blitzkrieg mod is fantastic and I still play it till this day.  It provides a far superior experience even to CoH 2.Just like Dawn of War 2 being so inferior to Dawn of War 1, now you have the same disgusting mistake of the sequel being inferior to the original.Pros & Cons:Coming soon……"
76561198014869300,Not Recommended,231430,8393147,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Kubo,This game is alright coming from someone new to the franchise but its a cash sink. I bought the deluxe and you don't get new dlcs for the extra money you invest. Really frustrating. Gameplay is alright.... IMHO thats not acceptable. Purchase this game at your own risk. Experience will vary and greatly depends on how much you're into not only ww2 but also the franchise. MP is a 9/10 that part atleast delivers a great time.For the single player story I've read a lot of bad reviews. Voice acting is subpar and yes it is DARK but its close to truth and should be viewed that way. If you know anything about ww2 then you would know that stalin directly and indirectly killed more of his own people then the germans did. The Russians used outdated/barbaric Offensive tactics. Basically just swarm and swamp the enemy. Furthermore Stalin was paranoid to the max to put it lightly. Everyone was somehow plotting against him. It was a very dark time for russia not only because the germans were attacking but because of the disgusting leadership of Stalin. You must also keep in mind that the day to day russian didn't only fight for stalin but he fought for his country that was being destroyed as much by the enemy without. War is a bloody affair and the russians had their fair share of atrocities commited against civillians. So I really have to say that the storyline follows enough truth that it is something to appreciate. It doesn't shy from the truth and to be honest it leaves very large portions of the darkness what was Stalins Russia.
76561198059891873,Not Recommended,231430,8318860,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,goldeagle365,"clunky, no tutorial, bad graphics, nothing like the videos"
76561197968262253,Not Recommended,231430,14475713,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,onryone,"This game is just ok, not great.  It is designed for a niche group of players that enjoy twitch clicking their way around the map.  I find it has zero entertainment value.I have bought the original COH 2 game, 2 DLCs and Ardennes.  I usually play against AI because I am not one of the twitch click geeks that like this type of game and don't appreciate other players complaining that I am not playing the game the way they want.Ardennes is terrible when playing against the AI.  The AI spawns troops and vehicles twice as fast as the player or it appears that AI troops are warped around the map to defend and attack the flags.  Also, the AI pathing is not all that great.  When I send troops to a location, sometimes they don't take a direct route even if its down a road.  Sometimes they move to a random location, then stop.  Its difficult to micro manage a large group because the AI doesn't do a very good job in attacking.  Troops just stand out in the open and die rather than take defensive cover that is close by.  It appears this game is designed for MP not against AI because I see not much development in that area.Within 10 or 15 minutes of play I am inundated with german armor and troops.  The game gets a bit stressful.  Not sure why I buy something to get stressed out about, wtf?  I will not be buying anymore of this RTS crap especially not from the makers of this game.Its nothing like the first COH, which I thought was fun.  Thumbs down for COH 2 and its add ons.  I will be deleting this game soon after I feel I have had enough of it."
76561198044038079,Not Recommended,231430,14679127,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Mass Line,"I have not played many strategy games, but I have to say the gameplay is fantastic.I do not recomend this game because of its historical innacuracy of the Soviet Union, not giving context, and treating different factions with double standards.I am two thirds of the way through the campaign and it already feels like this game is just an interactive ""enemy at the gates"", and we all know how terrible that was.Do the developers hear a quiet whispering at night ? That would be Joseph Goebbles, congratulating the developers from the depths of hell.Incredible gameplay though."
76561197962281448,Not Recommended,231430,14578861,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,S.Templar,"Repetitive. And they use deceiving offers to buy DLC and additional packages. In the end if you have the real game it costs a LOT more. It's really annoying to play a game where in every menu you have the ""purchase"" option..."
76561198089405236,Recommended,231430,17750999,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Pionier,One of the best RTS game out there and probably the best WW2 RTS game.
,Not Recommended,231430,17960355,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Beef,"Company of Heroes 1 was one of the best, if not the best WW2 strategy game of all time. Company of Hereos 2 continues in its predecessors footsteps while some how being worse in every single way.Why you might ask? It's pay to win. With your default commanders and units, you don't stand a chance against somebody who has invested a solid $50 into having amazing commanders and units. It's scummy and pathetic. Company of Hereos 1 had expansion packs, but Company of Heroes 2 had day 1 DLC. It was a slap in my face that basically said: ""Hey thanks for buying the game, if you want to enjoy the game you'll have to invest an extra $50 into day 1 DLC"". Simply put, day 1 DLC that impacts the game so much should never exist.Lastly, the graphics are nearly the same, except everything looks worse. Buildings look cheap and poorly done where as in the first game you could see very much detail.From a game play perspective, nothing has changed either. If anything, they found a way to rip off gamers every step of the way in this one."
76561198005353591,Not Recommended,231430,18215265,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,alittledogdied,"I'm writing this as a negative review not because I think that this game isn't fun (it is). I'm writing this as a negative review because, first and foremost, it doesn't improve measurably on the original, and I honestly think it's something of a step back in many ways, though I can't exactly put my finger on it.  It doesn't feel like you get quite as personal with the down and dirty nature of the war, I guess. Also, the biggest thing that really grinds my gears is the amount of crap in the shop. This game was obviously designed to have a lot of content available after initial purchase in a moneygrubbing attempt. This is one of the biggest turn offs to me in any game. If you really want, this game isn't bad, I just can't recommend it when COH 1 is a fraction of the cost and, in my opinion, a better game sans moneygrubbing."
76561198040348786,Not Recommended,231430,17911516,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Gewürzkönich,"You think SEGA just wants your money? No, they want your soul."
76561198046902041,Recommended,231430,9559704,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,MrTurboDuck,"Absolutly love this game!!!!!! Not as good as the original . . . but i think all die hard fans will say that. COH2 brings some awesome new games elements such as ""Coldtech"" and the ability to ""Vault"" over fences and walls .  . .Which is awesome.But the first will always have a special place in my gaming heart."
76561198108232301,Recommended,231430,12609416,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,savage babies cause 9/11,one of the best WW2 games ive played EVER !!!
,Recommended,231430,16547746,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,flash_gordon999,"fun, but men of war is 9001 times better"
76561198142245268,Recommended,231430,13159014,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Lord Shiva,"Good for killing dirty, stinking, horrible, evil, wretched, criminal, destructive, heartless, emoral, traitorous, rotten, uncompassionate, disgusting, untrustworthy, exploitive, no-good, pestilent, poisonous, baneful, malicious Russians."
,Recommended,231430,10822984,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Moonrock Yeezys,"This is a marvelous game. I didn't just feel like I was fighting the Russians, I felt like I WAS the Russians. 10/10"
76561198009277776,Not Recommended,231430,19128305,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Maglethong Spirr,"Played it for a few weeks. Was fun at first, but the game is terribly unbalanced."
76561198000909600,Recommended,231430,7784558,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Ω Ryszard Lipton Ω,Bigger and better than first COH.
76561197966902865,Not Recommended,231430,20794978,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Ping Ding,"I used to love this game, you can see I have nearly 400 hours played... but I can't not recommend this game. The game is very buggy. One day the game will launch fine the next nope.I am walking away from this game, there are better RTS's out there that work a lot better. Also no swearing in Online? Yet the soliders swear in game... You lost a loyal customer Relic."
76561198065658331,Recommended,231430,8969495,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,lRoguePyrol,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing and fun i recomend this game for any one that loves strategy games.
,Not Recommended,231430,9024215,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Putifari,"The game feels too obviously terrible. I mean, the whole idea seems great, and the mechanics are awesome; but, it seems like, feels like and IS a FAILURE.With the same idea, mechanics, etc. etc., Relic made an awesome game called Warhammer 40K: Dawn of War 2 and it's expansions and etc etc."
76561198051087643,Not Recommended,231430,9040744,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Farklippines,"It is fun, but too expensive. Too many DLC, I miss the british army. The game is too different than COH1. Only get it when it's on a discount. Not worth the original amount. Nice to play it with friends. ;)"
76561197968621542,Not Recommended,231430,9026512,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Burne,Check out Metacritic for Company of Heroes 2.  See all of the glowing reviews? Now take a look at the user score.  I wish I could play this more but - even dropping resolution to near nothing and turning off all effects I experience a rubbish framerate.  And I'm not alone.Relic's worst ever title. The should feel shame.Please avoid this.
,Not Recommended,231430,21348538,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Vulcan,so you can only have 1 tiger but the british can have as many Churchill's as they want and they are even more powerfull than the tiger all this nerfing is making me lose faith in this game and relic/sega RIP COH 2the war spoils is♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198027691169,Recommended,231430,13961906,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Alekseiz,Coh 2 is funThe campaign actully has a really good story linethe mp has 4 factions to play soviets gertmany oberkommando west and US forces which have diffrent things to counter the other the DLCS are epic if you dont wanna get it youre dum:)
,Recommended,231430,11109833,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,R0B1N86,Recommended heaps of fun if you have a good micro skills
76561197974034856,Recommended,231430,11109596,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,NDX_TycooN,"Great teamwork, strategy development, and downright fun"
,Not Recommended,231430,24200767,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,K. Ostwind,"I enjoy playing this game from time to time, even though I kinda suck at it (or maybe it's just my team, I haven't found out a good way to tell which one it is yet).Unfortunately I find it very difficult to recommend because of the monetization choices made by the devs. You'd think it was a free-to-play title. $4 for vehicle skins, about the same amount for ""victory strikes"", faceplates for your player card, and these things that amount to perks for your faction.And then there's the ones that everyone complains of: A fairly large amount of cash for the commanders, which basically dictate your playstyle. So if you want to use the flavor-of-the-month ""OP"" commanders for that given week or whatever, or even if you want to play the game a different way, (especially considering some of these ""perks"" I mentioned earlier require some of the units you can only get by using these premium commanders) you either need to stump up the green and pay the piper, or you have to grind for days (And I mean days, it IS an RTS after all) for the in-game currency. And that trickles in at, from what I know, 500 per level-up. That's not much, considering you need like 25k at least or so to get these commanders. But again, you COULD just dump real money into them. Which gives you the same thing as if you had ground for days. This keeps coming up in my games and it's disappointing, it just makes taking time to get to know the game's ins-and-outs worthless. Why try when you can just pay for everything? Oh right, because you could buy an entire 'nother game with that money.Speaking of which... yeah, I can't in good conscience say this is a good buy. ♥♥♥♥ing... ten bucks or so for a Sturmtiger. That's just baiting.Edit: For the record, I looked up a forum thread or two on ""Warspoils Farming"", or farming the system that gives you your after-game drops. What I found was... hilarious. Basically, without explaining, one of the Lelic moderators was parading around and threatening bans for anyone who tried farming with mods or scripts (the most efficient way to do things). In other words, if you try to ""abuse the system"" to get at all the content in the game WITHOUT getting shilled, they will remove your ability to play the game. Is that even legal?"
76561198169430702,Not Recommended,231430,23871909,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Asikx,"I BOUGHT THIS GAME ON SALE, LOOKS GOOD, THE GRAPHICS ARE GOOD.I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY AFTER PURCHASING THE GAME I STILL NEED TO PAY AND BUY IN GAME IN ORDER TO ENJOY THE GAME'S FULL POTENTIAL?FOR THAT I WON'T RECOMEND YOU TO BUY IT. I FEEL LIKE I BOUGHT AN APP TO MY PHONE WITH JUST A TASTE."
76561198038409177,Not Recommended,231430,24187643,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,PzKpfWg Kübel,"British Forces bring major imbalance to the game with their overpowered units. Furthermore matches against brits turn out to be boring artillery matches. It requires zero skill to play Brits, that is why most people bought it (since they have no skill). It is very sad to say but Brits ruin the game"
76561198059518211,Recommended,231430,19711904,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Arouno,"love it, just ♥♥♥♥ing love it, the history, the second world war, RTS, every thing im coh 2 is perfect !"
76561198056682381,Not Recommended,231430,20760416,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Athrun,"I loved COH 1 but I only have a few hours into this game and I am more frustrated than pleased. Too much of the game is a hyper, scroll-and-click fest that punishes even the mildest hesitation, There are many times that I jump from unit to unit so quickly that I miss most of the map. I have to play maps more than once to notice the detail. For that reason, high end graphics are wasted on this game. To me this is not enjoyable. If Sega were to change the combat units to characters from the world of Sonic, I would change my recommendation to a yes. Until then, I give this game a 6.5 out of 10. Yeah, I know its not a whole number but I axed steam support and they said it was ok, so you can go off in that field and die, like all my COH2 troops.If you already own this game, it might not be worth buying."
76561198017167962,Not Recommended,231430,21243029,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Grandad,♥♥♥♥off Sega.
,Not Recommended,231430,29271598,Posted: 15 January,all,Zoxygene,"Unless you are a no-lifer that actually enjoys playing with 300 APM, don't try this in multiplayer vs people...Your troops are so dumb they don't even care if a grenade is thrown at them... or your AT / HMG / Mortar teams are too dumb to face the enemy that is apparently shooting them from the side... etc etc...Having to pay attention to a dozen places and babysit your every unit or they let themselves killed without even trying... pffAlso in 1v1 you can forget ever having a tank better than Panzer IV and even if you settle with Pz IV the enemy has like 3 tanks when you are able to get the first even if you controlled most of the map, because balance is too mainstream..."
,Not Recommended,231430,29277079,Posted: 15 January,all,Dimension Five,"Awful, frustrating, and just not fun.  From the Koreans MMO level of grinding to unlock commanders, to the unit imbalances not seen since the early days of strategy PC gaming - COH2 drops litterally everything that was great about the original.  It instead focuses on a cash shop thats hideously out of place in a premium priced product.  Map designs are crude and even glitched or broken in many places.  Far too often I found myself in situations where one unit could fire through a piece of geometry, while the unit being fired upon could not return fire.  I'm not sure whos to blame for the hot mess that is COH2, Relic or Sega, but all involved should be ashamed of what came out of the oven with this product."
,Not Recommended,231430,30458822,Posted: 11 March,all,renovatedkitchen,"Pay to win, AI is dumber than in CoH 1, garrisoning units is pointless, please give me my money back."
76561197970591462,Not Recommended,231430,22271044,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,lindell,"The theme and mechanics of this game are what drove me to play it for so long. It is a shame that the too heavily dependent RNG-factor that wasn't as ridiculous in CoH1, and absolute garbage marketing model of SEGA have turned this should-have-been-legendary RTS into a mediocre zerg-simulator."
76561198023602843,Not Recommended,231430,26307499,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,El Roca,microtransactions
76561198041058100,Recommended,231430,16235110,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Irish'Ninjah,"If you like COH1 this is essentially a remake. With a boat load of PAID DLC.But it goes on sale frequently and is worth it when on sale. Also the Mods add maps and units. So not that bad.I loved COH1, this is just as good. Differs in mechanics in various ways. But not by much."
76561198030681948,Not Recommended,231430,15037846,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,david3907,"COH2 is tedious beyond belief. Gameplay is poor, hardest thing to do is lose. No skill or thought required simply send your forces charging at the enemy and when they die you just keep getting more. Pointless beyond belief. Much better games out there like codename panzers."
76561198015129322,Not Recommended,231430,15148830,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,The Pale Menace,"Personally, I thought this was a good sequel to Company of Heroes, but their attempts to ""balance"" the game have effectively ruined it. Multiplayer is not fun anymore. The only fun left in this game is fighting the AI with friends, but even then ""fun"" is a strong word. Company of Heroes 2, I miss what you used to be =("
76561197979229189,Not Recommended,231430,13398842,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,RAGEDog,"i bought this game because i saw a lot of promise in the beta, they went in a terrible direection with this game. they rely on colleectible commanders way to much in this game, units die way to quickly might as well play SC2.  The balance is left up for debate and do they debate, and they have been pushing out dlc and other games milking the crap out of it, im not even satisfied with this title.  it just doesn't feel right how the gameplay pans out, and there is no historical accuracy in this at all.  You can not play armies say as inf, mech. inf, or tank company as in old titles you should in a very specific way build your army depending on what army you play to even stand a chance. if u want to buy it, buy it on sale, i would recommend, it still can be fun."
76561198065984017,Recommended,231430,25608168,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,^4[#]^4*^8BlM B4M BUM,it is a good simulation and it makes much fun with friends
76561198033515285,Not Recommended,231430,28228958,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,DarkMagicED,"This game is ultimate garbage, not only is it not worth the money, it is not worth the disk space on your computer. -5/7"
76561198195709167,Recommended,231430,31872170,Posted: 20 May,all,:cross:,2muchdlc4mestill a good nazi simulator7.5/10
76561198058955940,Not Recommended,231430,26610535,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,david.lin,"I bought this by 30 pounds in a shop, then comes out DLC, DLC, DLC......"
,Recommended,231430,28356363,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Rex Draco,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the DLCs! The business model for this game is atrocious! HOWEVER, it would be unfair to rate it poorly for that. In spite of my bias, I will not descriminate against a game like this. There is so many games out there that has a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of DLC, like Killing Floor or Borderlands 2! However, like those mentioned games, this doesn't feel incomplete. It doesn't feel like any important parts were cut out and held for ransom. The game, stand alone, without DLC, is excellent.I didn't spend a dime on DLC, never will. I enjoy the game as is, it's fun. The gameplay style is unique from what I'm used to, coming from Command and Conquer series at the time. Instead of rushing your enemy or rushing for flanks, you're really rushing for choke points and trying to hold them. I suck at this game.I do have some complaints though. Why is there no sell unit option? Why not give units the ability to flee the battle when at HQ for exchange of a little refund and your unit cap being replinished? It always feels weird sending units to their deaths in order to build something better. Also, an update did the saddest thing ever for me! They implemented build limits on IS2 tanks! Why? I Know the spam was real, I admit it was op... but why not punish me for it instead of simply banning me from doing it? What if you increased the costs for every additional unit, or build time, something!regardless, it is an excellent game, especially with friends. DLC isn't worth it though, save your ♥♥♥♥ing money."
,Recommended,231430,31945835,Posted: 24 May,all,Sumi,If you are a strategy games fan you are at the right place reading the right review.. I am a huge fan of this game series along with Company of Heroes 1.. It touches my love and excitement for world war related stories and things. I find this game absolutely amazing  and overwhelming it uses up much of my mind while playing.
,Recommended,231430,9109653,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,NetNeko,great game if anyone tells you otherwise they are noobs
76561198025995080,Recommended,231430,31293988,Posted: 22 April,all,Mihr-Mihro,A really good ww2 rts game.
,Recommended,231430,28223377,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,abu_c,Just don't play the Single Player.
76561198020821749,Recommended,231430,17747173,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Sadness Incarnate,"Good if you are a fan of RTS games and WW2.Now is the best time to get the game and DLC for 75% off, if you have been waiting for a sale.Recommened especially if you have friends to play with (and against) as it makes it a lot more fun.Even without friend to play with, the campaign is pretty good and there is some good historical accuracy in the game as far as what units are available to you are limited on what existed in the period of time you are playing.You could finish the campaign during this free play period but if you enjoy it I definately suggest buying it as it has a lot of replayability with the skirmish mode available and the workshop content.Steer clear of the Ardennes Assault standalone though if you don't want to be disappointed."
76561197970284061,Recommended,231430,12267121,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,S/SGT LAFAYETTE G POOL,"Great game, much better than COH. I really enjoy playing with my friends on line. I just wish there would be more American commanders and perhaps a M26"
76561198068612292,Recommended,231430,8558859,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,MajorPectoralis,"Doublexdojo here,I'm proud to be able to review such a great game!  About my CoH career a bit:  I played CoH a ton and I was an okay player, but now in CoH2, I think I can take on just about 75% of players when playing as the great Soviets, so basically I'm an okay player.Now,COMPANY OF HEROES WAS ONE OF THE FUNNEST GAME THAT I HAVE EVER PLAYED and I am so glad that they created this much better upgrade of the first game.Campagin:  As an American, the Soviet campaign means almost nothing to me as I know nothing of Soviet history, therefore it is not near as fun as the CoH D-day campaign.  Although there is this problem, the campaign is still a very interesting and worth it experience.Theater of War: As a new type of gameplay for the CoH series, the ToW brings in some verrrryyyy fun missions for yourself and for you and your friends to spend alot of time having tons of fun! In some levels you have to defend against tons of waves of attackers, and if you can get past the first 3 days, you can get up to 10 epic tanks into the battlefield.  There are missions where you must sneak snipers around the map, taking out commanders while trying to keep them alive, and so many much more fun new levels!Single Player and Multiplayer:  These two type gameplays are so much fun in which I have spent 80% of my CoH2 time in.  I love fighting and becoming friends with people and playing some more battles with them.  there are so many strategies and types of play styles that you can adapt to as you play the game.  For multiplayer alone, I would buy this game for $60!This game: 8.5/10.  -1.5 just because there are few balance issues and missing features, but they will all be fixed or come to the game soon!I ask that you who are reading this do not ever listen to those hateful reviewers who think that the game sucks.  There are small balance issues that are being solved.  Every single game in the history of games has had to have time to make adjustments and these hateful reviewers most likely just lost a game because they are not in any way, good players and decided to rant about it.HAVE FUN IN THE GAME!"
,Not Recommended,231430,9167754,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Vito'Molas,"the relic entertainment should really change the name to ""Reich"" entertainment, this a nazi game and for the people who looked up for history or even gameplay dont buy this game, the game play isnt fair entirely compare with the german the USSR tanks or infantry is obviously unbalanced, tanks are more expensive one Tiger tank is only about 700+ man power and 200 fuel but the T-34/76 is cost about 700+ man power and 240+ fuel and obviously T-34 is weaker than the tiger tank in small amount, if this game is history accurate than the T-34 should be only cost 500-650 man power and about 100-150 fuel for two T-34s and tiger tank should cost much much more value for maybe up to 1000 man power and only could have 2 in the field. About the other tanks of germany the panzer IV, Stug III and Panther is also obviously too cheap, making very unbalance between two teams, if ""Reich"" entertainment want to keep the unbalance then they should release a western front pack for free."
,Not Recommended,231430,8500290,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Pump Master Pussyfingers,NOPE.
76561198019492364,Not Recommended,231430,9314404,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,"[FB] El""FightingChicken""Diablo",this game shouold have been so much better
,Recommended,231430,13621448,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Soontir Fel,"It's great fun once you learn the basics of playing RTS games for those new to the genre. It's a much more diversified follow-up to the first Company of Heroes, and you have a wider variety for strategic and tactical gameplay, instead of just running only 3 forms of gameplay that the first one had. The voice acting is also pretty fleshed out and very relatable, which makes you feel more attached to your troops. I will say though, Allied spam is a bit of a problem for new players if playing as Axis, and it occasionally lags a bit depending on your computer specs.9/10 would recommend you get while it's on Holiday Sale!"
76561198077246684,Recommended,231430,10089691,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,catmanride15,this game is awsome you guys have to get this game I mean it
,Not Recommended,231430,10098572,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Flight_Risk,"CoH 2 is literally the Eastern Front mod for CoH 1 without the commonwealth, the Wehrmacht, the Americans, the Panzer Elite, or the good maps.  It is insanely disappointing in comparison to CoH 1… the graphics are worse, the gameplay is worse, and the maps are abysmal.  They also have some nerve releasing an “expansion” for $20 that includes the “western front factions.” Are you kidding me? You want people to pay extra for the two biggest factions of WWII? It was an absolute disgrace when they weren’t included in the first rendition of CoH 2 and now you’re going to insult people by asking them to pay more for it.  Incredible."
76561197979335263,Not Recommended,231430,14576449,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,M3roke,Its not a bad game ..BUT it has serious balance issues because the germans are too owerpowered and they wins most of the games. If you want a really good ww2 game just buy Company of Heroes New Steam Version and install with the free mod-Company of Heroes Eastern front mod -which has the soviet and ostheer faction  this game more balanced and a way better than coh2 in my opinion.
76561198148402721,Recommended,231430,16657519,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sampurasun,One of the best WW2 RTS game....
76561198063007954,Not Recommended,231430,14512197,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Barselon,"does not correspond to historical facts, this vision Russophobic stories from developersне соответствует историческим фактам, это видение русофобской истории от разработчиков"
76561198150070550,Not Recommended,231430,14489690,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Flores_matt,i got all dlc's but it wont let me play as soviet and only opens us western fronts? and when i click multiplayer it says i need to purchase either or and it wont let me play as any? i rebooted re started nothing works..
76561198085285167,Not Recommended,231430,9799681,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Valar_Morghulis,Biggest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ever Pay'd 60 bucks for this game and buy'd also dlc's and could play it for a while but then a ♥♥♥♥ing UPDATE ruined it and i can't even start it!!! ♥♥♥♥ You COH2!
,Recommended,231430,9817702,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Drunk Squeaker,"a big favourite of mine, i played the first company of heroes and loved it and i loved this one just as much. the units have been made a little worse as i can't selected all of them at once but they added a vault over function, which is nice. my favourite unit is the su-70, there's just something about shelling the enemy that's just so fun. anyway if you dont have this game, i would definatly buy it :D"
76561198014403988,Not Recommended,231430,19585478,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,[AL_iG] Kougou Desu,"Company of Heroes 2 definetly can't b called Company of Heroes, since the only thing in common it has with the Original Company of Heroes its the style of RTS it is. The campaign is not horrible, but definelty not the best. Its very restricting compare to Company of Heroes 1 when it comes to ease of understanding and accessiibility. I would recommend people to play Company of Heroes instead until teh release Company of Heroes 3."
,Not Recommended,231430,19975836,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ℒyℭℴℜiȿ~lychi-senpai,"Even on sale I regret buying this game, why because it supported SEGA and Relic who have milked the living hell out of COH2. I regret funding them to make COH3 and do the same unethical marketing practices they did here.This is a very good game. Game play is solid and it is a step up from company of heroes. It has what we wanted yes but sadly it’s all restricted from us by a pay wall. The DLC is absurd and the way they have marketed the game because there is actually an in game shop with all the other crap you can buy not listed on the DLC list here. I do not like that at all it is very shady and quite honestly should be illegal. To add insult to injury the in game store offers the commanders you unlock via progression and bulletins which give units modifiers such as 3% increase in accuracy so that is totally not pay to win installed at all. The constant reminders that you can buy this and that is really annoying and only reminds me of how much a cash grab this is.£70 to own the base game and all DLCs advertised on the steam page alone £70? £70!!!! ♥♥♥♥ no its 2015!! Plus all the extras hidden away in the in game store (I will never get over this, and a in game store in a game you could pay £70 to own? Where the hell is that bloody cow?) which is something free to plays have and that is only understandable for free to plays not solid games like company of heroes. That is a new low!Too much DLC all added after the main game and charged at ridiculous prices, they should have been patches instead to add to the lack content this game launched with. To make up for the numerous generals all locked away from sever self harm in grinding you get random drops while you play. This is just a farce to make it look like you could possibly earn all the payable unlocks normally without stealing money from the blind. It takes far too long to get these and let’s be honest it’s always been♥♥♥♥♥♥stuff no one wanted to unlock first. Hurray anther common bulletin instead of rare commander!I was here since the Beta and am let down by the very fact that most of the stuff in my in game menu is inaccessible because I don’t own this DLC or that one. They didn’t even give us the extra campaigns for free. As for the factions, I understand selling them separately okay but at fairer prices please Jesus the DLC is far too expensive for what it’s worth!!! You will end up buying the game like x3 times over!!! For context that is less than the base game!This is a nice solid game and Mods will enhance your game play even further particularly extended units so your single player skirmishes are going to be one hell of an experience. The modders have saved this game for me as I can access some of the DLC units without having to pay for them but that’s only single player skirmishes. Everything else is restricted plus this only covers what Factions you have so if you don’t have any of the DLC factions you won’t get any units from them. So how exactly does this add units then? Simple from the campaigns and numerous commanders which are all found in the in game store. I should have pirated this instead as I would have slept better knowing I didn’t support cancer that kills kids. (Steam guildlines yeah right you are just selling out to the companies that own this game, ive had reviews dissapear due to trivial things.Watch how this one goes too)The sad thing is I will probably keep playing. There is indeed nothing quite like company of heroes however I will never forget what was done here Devs. I should have seen this coming when sega  took over and had a say in the development of this game. Do not support this anymore and be responsible buyers. If I was not limited from online purchasing in the digital world I would have returned this as I refuse to support such marketing.  You fooled me once but this will be the last time ever."
76561198133882721,Recommended,231430,12627557,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Luebert,For The Motherland
76561198141131828,Recommended,231430,15682681,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,SCOTT,AMAZING
76561197974991915,Recommended,231430,13628113,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Helios59,This is now one of my favorite RTS.  It is not like any other RTS.
76561198031907812,Recommended,231430,10791828,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jack Romeo,absolute stunner of a game!!
,Not Recommended,231430,13351029,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Geddy76,"At this moment, I cannot recommend the game.  I purchased it a week or so ago and have only just got round to installing it.Anyway, I go to start a campaign, the Russian one, and it says I need to purchase it.  So I go to start the American one, and it says I need to purchase it.  Not so good.  Okay, well let's just see what the game could be like, so I went to launch a single battle, but it said I needed to purchase it, as well as all the other battles.Just what exactly did I purchase?  The game menus?On that basis, I cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,231430,8773492,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Cyrillic \***TREANT OR RIOT***/,"I played the first CoH when it came out and had a blast with it. It was unique in being extremely immersive and intuitive. This sequel however, is not good.The AI of the units will make you scream out of frustration, the pathing and attack prioriies are messed up and illogical.The first game had an intuitive, easy to understand and logical UI (User interface) This game's UI is difficult to use, cluttered and ugly.In the first game, both factions (Allies or Axis) had three command trees each. Theese trees allowed players to spend points rewarded during the course op battle to provide various bonuses. Theese bonuses ranged from artillery bombardment to airstrikes to being able to deploy elite units. This game continues on that trend but fails in doing so: the system is now rigid and you as a player has no choice in which ""power"" to invest in. The player now unlocks elements in a predetermined progression system. This reduces the element of choice for the player who can no longer dynamically change the strategy used.This game has a feeling to it that it has purposefully left out content which would be added with DLC. This is something that makes an enthusiast cringe.Do not buy this game, not even on sale."
,Not Recommended,231430,8796638,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Fanthccp,"It's name is Company of DLC.Howrrible campaign,consists of ideology biases story."
,Recommended,231430,8988295,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,The Griddler,"Watch 100's of civilians and soldiers get mowed down by your comissionar's MG, Burn down a few buildings, and get your rear end handed to by a player in poland.11/10 still playing"
76561198077440833,Recommended,231430,9300025,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Agent,COH!
,Not Recommended,231430,8789197,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,a2)ChingiZ,"I'm a former SC:BW, WC3 and SC2 player. I love competitive games. This game had brilliant multiplayer future... But Relic ruined it.Its a pay to win model now. Pay for commander to win, and be happy.No thank you. I'm a gold package early access buyer - not gonna give a dollar to relic in future."
76561198139455470,Recommended,231430,12512895,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,SKY_WALKER_DXB,amazing !!!!!
,Recommended,231430,15054088,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,a shiny fork,Have your soldiers retreat back to your HQ and commisar shoots them. winhave your soldiers duck behind a wall but accidentally tell them to vault over a wall into a machine gun. win.accidentally move 20 squads of infantry near a machine gun nest. win.leave your soldiers in the snow. they die of cold. win.11/10 FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
,Not Recommended,231430,14581484,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Detective_Fox,"If you buy western armies first, instantly you get Company of Heroes 2, but you cannot purchise the Eastern Armies so this game is a TOTAL RIP OFF"
,Recommended,231430,9700205,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,djmolta,one of my favorite rts every love it so much so worth it
,Not Recommended,231430,22490452,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Pepe snackbar,Needs an ISIS DLC
76561198042705442,Not Recommended,231430,28851503,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,JAMES THE MAD ROBOT KILLER,"This game is by far one of the saddest examples of a multiplayer I have ever seen. It is nothing but a money grab with little to no substance and even then because of a sale my friend, who I had repetadly tried to talk out of buying this game, bought it to play with me only to find out after the fact that because he is on mac and im on pc we can not game together. I rarely ever review games but this game is trash and the world needs to know it.DO NOT BY THIS TRASH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,231430,13653452,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Caedis+,"great game, better than the first, dlc literally means nothing (but is worth buying it all anyway). dont listen to all the whiney little children complaining about dlc, they just suck so badly they cant enjoy the main game (autism is hard to live with). all bugs are fixed now, no more problems"
,Not Recommended,231430,11734067,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Van,"What a complete disappointment.  Relic normally makes such great games, but they cut corners on one area that you CANT in any real time strategy game - AI!In short, the AI cheats.  They have complete visibility of whatever commands you do and wherever you send your troops.A single AI unit with a bazooka is capable of taking out even your toughest tanks before its machine guns or main gun can even damage them halfway.  And I am not talking about rear shots or side shots, but head-on full armor shots that magically are able to take you down completely.Think you can hide infantry behind cover to ambush as the strategy says to do?  Think again.  The AI will simply send in flamethrower units right to the spot you are hiding.Think you can hide your mortar trucks in a dense forest, half a map from the enemy?  Think again.  An enemy AI bazooka unit will run over and blow up your trucks.This game could be so good, but clearly playing against any kind of AI is unfair.  Relic needs to fix this."
76561198000080390,Not Recommended,231430,12178876,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Silver,"AVOID THIS GAME AT ALL COST.How did they managed to degrade at that point the great game that CoH1 was, to make THAT?Worth of all is i had to crack my LEGIT game to be able to launch it (after 6 month without beeing able to launch the game!!!!!! no help from official forums, and despite i bought it full price on steam on prepurchase!!!!!!), and they dare convert the sequel of the best RTS ever, into a freaking pay-to-win game?!GIVE ME MY 50 BUCKS BACK, YOU BANDITS!Since the sad loss of Bryan Wood (coh1 spiritual father), and the bankrupt of Relic, remaining devs managed to build an incredibly bad game, so you'd REALLY better get CoH 1 for $2 which is 10 times better, and grab Blitzkrieg mod or/and Eastern Front mod, those 2 will make CoH1 100x better than CoH2.To me, CoH2 IS A HISTORICAL VIDEO GAME SHAME.I won't forgive the devs to end with such a bad game, especialy considering how the coh1 community spent over 8 years to mod, expand and mapping great things for coh1. I mapped for over 7 years for CoH1, and now i'm disgusted of its sequel."
,Not Recommended,231430,13273322,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Kegetys,"Biggest change from COH 1 is the DLC, tons and tons of it. Gameplay wise its pretty much the same as before which would be ok just to have something fresh to play, but the DLC overload ruins it."
76561198035474443,Not Recommended,231430,28469588,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,(ODAG)Frank Zappa,"The game has solid RTS mechanics so new fans love it, but if your an old fan who knows COH's potential and humble beginings...cue 'Sell Out"" by Reel Big Fish"
,Recommended,231430,27878695,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AminFreeMan,"Nothing to say, great game for ppl who wanna feel how hard it is to be a commander in WW-II"
76561198089670907,Not Recommended,231430,13163119,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Aken,"I'm a old player and a big fan of CoH.. I've play CoH 2 and love the game, this would have been the best game but has been spoil by the dlc you have to buy in order to play new campaign or get new commanders and even skin mods.. looks like the good CoH 1 is much better and flexible then CoH 2... great game but wallet ripping"
,Not Recommended,231430,35215421,Posted: 25 September,all,[ViViD] FROGΞR,after the nerf the game broke
,Recommended,231430,9292413,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,JigSaw,CoH II  in one word... SEXYI Will only say Order 227
,Recommended,231430,14389794,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Chow,I subject myself to this torture every goddamn day of my life...... Yet I still come back for more
76561198047472076,Not Recommended,231430,11078625,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,j_klovett,with the new wars spoils system it is not werth trying to by this game. because every thing you get is a 5 to 6 hour gind unless your really lucky and the community has droped since the western front armies release because of war spoils so go read the forms if you dont beleave me
76561198091469053,Recommended,231430,10170216,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,CFL-Albert,Excellent Game!
76561198023741250,Recommended,231430,9622945,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Arcticwolf502,"One of the best games i have ever played. Very strategic and fun. If anyone wants to play, im up for it"
76561197968331161,Not Recommended,231430,11680449,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Danger,"Nothing special, though nothing aweful either"
76561198268109379,Not Recommended,231430,31795132,Posted: 16 May,all,daltonja00,Video shows that you are playing as the americans but once you buy it you must buy the americans as a DLC
76561198075143580,Not Recommended,231430,31776657,Posted: 15 May,all,Mad Fox,"Can't say that COH2 is Bad, it's tons of fun , and many Enjoy it for a part.but my freind has bought it and he is a Mc\OX user, and I am a windows user. we can't play due the famous Exe. Error!he bought this game ONLY to play it's multiplayer with me , and a simple factor like cross platform support is unprovided by Relic. while a F2P game provided it BETWEEN PS4 AND PC!I think Relic needs to appreciate Mac AND microsoft users TOGETHER! and know that they would mostly be planning to play multiplayer together.Now I won't accept for my freind to change his main laptop mainly for this game . ONLY FOR ONE GAME!if I had to upvote COH2 , then it better fix it's multiplatform issue , which isn't magic , nor it is a hard thing for a company like Relic. a company that I paid ton load of sh^t money to enjoy parts of this game."
,Recommended,231430,10111218,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,MercilessMing,"As an old CoH1 player I've had very big expectancies and looking at it in the early phases it was a complete miss. The gameplay and game mechanics were good but network code, something that plagued the first CoH remained terrible. Still there were a lot of drops, lags and multiplayer gaming was not up to the challenge.With time and introduction of dedicated servers the things got better, and my faith in this game was restored. Also the new game mechanich introduced lately improved the overall gameplay. There is still place for improvement but relic is on the right track with the game.I would recommend this game to everyone who likes good strategies, in real time."
,Recommended,231430,9301708,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Schewi,good game
,Recommended,231430,9305582,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,MevloDahKingh,"Soooooo.. Hello everyone!I've played Company of Heroes since the whole start and I admit I love these kind of games. CoH 1 was a game of my childhood the very first game I ever played. Company of Heroes 2 did not put me down sice im a big fan of these series. Their graphics and story has improved alot. I actually loved the SP it gives you a challenge if you play on the highest difficulty. The addon of Theater of War is a big victory since I love to play challenges etc. The game might not be really equal on both sides, since Germans are little bit overpowered, but it shouldn't be a problem.If you loved Company of Heroes since whole start, this game won't change your mind, at least it did not mine. The only thing left to say DO NOT SPEND alot of money for it, wait for a sale! I wish you a fun game play experience with it ! :)"
76561198069239881,Recommended,231430,8972389,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,9rkt04,Best game ever
,Recommended,231430,30242017,Posted: 28 February,all,Racheon2k,"-buy-download-play-""playing soviet national anthem"""
76561198039618887,Not Recommended,231430,23806298,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Piglet,Not worth the time and money honestly.
76561198036543123,Recommended,231430,12372778,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Whoovs,Great game ruined my last relationship regret nothing 10/10
76561197970406333,Recommended,231430,34026073,Posted: 4 August,all,SAWimps,"Strong multiplayer gameplay, poor single player campaign."
76561198050561508,Not Recommended,231430,14511153,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,18k,waste my money buy this stupid game not asian server stupid ♥♥♥♥!
76561198045390393,Not Recommended,231430,18416402,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,SpaceMariner,"Game is totaly unblanced after ""British Forces"". Their defenses not die without tanks and no chance to win with infantries. Their strikes also overpowered, killing everything in their path and defense structures.After last updates game get far from reality and if really those british guys strong as it they won't lose whole eu with that defenses.Tip: Flak cannon first found by Germans but wtf doing overpowered flak-cannon tanks in British Forces. Also Desert Fox""Erwin Rommel"" was known as hunt down tanks with flakcannons.-So German flak tanks must be more powerful than British flak tanks."
76561197990791043,Not Recommended,231430,24756345,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,-3xA'Vicious Cheesecake!,"First off I want to say that I loved the original company of heroes as it had a great and varied campaign and versatile factions.Company of Heroes 2 however is a big letdown given this history. The game is somewhat entertaining for the first couple of games but quickly becomes repetitive and feels a little unbalanced between the two factions immediately available. Then the commanders function in the skirmish/multiplayer games feels like a quick add on that the developers use to flog their cheap DLC such as commanders, skins and special units/bonuses.I really REALLY wish I could love this game but I simply can’t due to the feeling that this game was produced to do little more than encourage the DLC."
76561198049800196,Recommended,231430,16189563,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,tales from the crypt,a bit different than coh1 but better
,Recommended,231430,24430072,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,moonbagger,"I love that the US forces now have access to M1 81mm mortar from the Ardenness (I'm spelling that wrong aren't I?) Assault campaign in skirmish mode now. It just drives me crazy that there are units in the game that we can't use outside the campaigns. Just can't stand it.Now it's in skirmish mode, and I'm happy. Though I think it might be overpowered with its very high rate of fire, and how fast it's barrage ability recharges. I'm telling telling you, if you get two of those in a good position with machine and AT guns, no one can touch you. Then you add a pack howitzer, and the entire field in front of them is a kill zone.I just played a match on Lyon with that set up I mentioned, and the Germans couldn't even get on the bridge. The whole other side of the river was a graveyard covered in black craters."
,Recommended,231430,24753640,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,[KZG] Neilz,"Company of Heroes 2. I will start by saying that I've never played the original Company of Heroes. The Soviet campaign makes no sense (Seriously, soldiers not having guns and entire squads being team-killed by friendly HMGs on purpose?) its like the devs used Nazi propoganda to create their Soviet campaign. If you aren't playing for the campaign and have no experience with Company of Heroes games, you're going to have a bad time in multiplayer, no matter how many AI games you've played. You will rage as your entire squad just gets wiped because of a single stupid grenade or an artillery piece just hits your defensive position, destroying all your support weapons, but when things go in your favor, you'll get this amazing rush as you just saw your hidden anti-tank guns wipe out an escaping Panther. I would recommend CoH2 because its a fun game, but be prepared to buy a lot of DLC just to get access to the three other factions (UK, US, Another German faction)"
76561198081947035,Recommended,231430,8723494,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,CompleteNutter,Ive played coh1 for 6 years and heard so many bad things about coh2 that I only bought it 3 weeks ago and I have to say its brilliant.Shame more people dont give it a try
76561198056731876,Not Recommended,231430,23893689,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,I'm Pickle Rick!!!!,"Utter trash after their last update if you want to play OKW , they completly broke the game , honestly stick to the last one"
76561198018875590,Not Recommended,231430,32978434,Posted: 29 June,all,Wolfen,"Fullprice Game + DLCs + Microtransactions.♥♥♥♥ yourself, SEGA, filthy scum.Thats even worse than EA, Focus Home Entertainment and Paradox together.Beside that, the first Part was more fun.This was not even worth the 10 bucks on the summer sale."
76561197974087169,Recommended,231430,28318444,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Helten,Best RTS game ever
76561198107754316,Recommended,231430,29950544,Posted: 15 February,all,Edge_6,"just started playing coh 2 after having played the first one for a long time, but mostly skirmish. The game is a dream come true for the strategy game lovers with all the free mods maps and everything. After all the work and responsibilities done and kids put the bed, I keep coming back to it. Now, need to watch and learn how to play against human opponents.. this is just like playing chess! :) enough chat, back to the game!"
76561198158285149,Recommended,231430,24605700,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,sharkt9,VERY FUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198016334652,Recommended,231430,30857278,Posted: 31 March,all,Karmidzhanov,"I don't know why the mixed reviews, the game is awesome and a worthy successor of the first CoH"
76561198042769149,Recommended,231430,9226759,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,WeApOnX,this game rocks
76561198049028347,Recommended,231430,10601818,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Nemesor,"No regrets about buying this game, except perhaps that I hadn't heard about summer sales xD ! In any case, totally worth its money. Has an excellent singleplayer campaign which features every type of battlefield you could think off (entrenchments, villages, river crossings, shelled cities etc.), as well as a shocking and saddening story to it, showing the nature and horrors of war as well as the Soviet Union's way of handling its soldiers. Could have been from a real WWII veteran memoir! There are also singleplayer and co-op ""Theaters of War"" battle scenarios, but I haven't tried them out yet. Last but not least the Multiplayer! 2 game modes, a variety of maps depending on the number of players and the fact that you are playing against humans ensures that no two matches are the same, even if they are fought on the same map with the same tarting locations (which are also not set for every map). Bought it approximately 2 months ago and played very often since then, I must admit I am very satisfied with this game, had quite some fun, and the achievement/army customization/commanders options  make sure that you have a personalized game experience and playing style. The only negative aspect so far is that sometimes you are matched with players that seem to posess not much more that the basic skills, due to the matchmaker looking to build even teams, and not find players that are on the same level (meaning that it will try to get 2 teams with the same average level, no matter if one team has 2 players with levels 1 and 50 and the other one 2 players with levels 24 and 26).Hope you found this review useful, it is really worth buying it, especially now that it is on sale!!"
,Recommended,231430,10568275,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,stickboyreturns,"Many people don't like this game due to its ""pay to win style,"" This game is nothing like a true pay to win style game. The doctrines and army's that are given to you with the game are not underpowered in anyway compared to the DLC options.. The DLC just adds a little bit of spice to the game and allows it get a stream of new content.. The mechanics are smooth and the RTS component is very well executed and allows for smooth game-play. Great game, would recommend, 8/10...."
76561197964232617,Recommended,231430,17014896,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Jaster,"Great game - probably the best real time strategy game out there right now, just needs more competitive ranking systems similar to MOBAs and it could become popular, but right now ranked play is too random and mish moshed. Hoping that one day this gets fixed and they provide more and more DLC/mod support."
76561198085867460,Recommended,231430,10540926,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Lancelot Hollister,Awesome History based Strategy game! Can't wait for the new expansion! Add me for co-op and hours and hours of WW2 action!
76561198074322197,Not Recommended,231430,11015161,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,ShockTrauma,"I cannot recommend this game to any orginal COH fan as it is a step backwards in the series with unbalanced units and a very unforgiving AI. COH 1 had so many great features and with mods the possiblities were endless, now we have even less things in COH 2, from not being able to build a simple bunker to defenses that are so easily destroyed they might as well not be there at all. I am a very defensive player and like my defensees to be able to stand up to more than a single mortar barrage, as i constantly see my tank traps, wire, adn sand bags being taken out with merly a few shot from a motar or AT gun. On another note the comapign that which i might add is suppose to be enjoyable, is nothing more than a 10+ mission story of how bad the russians treated thier men, as if all russian leaders were as brutal as this. Which in fact is not the case. most of these soldiers were furiously fighting the germans to take back thier homeland, not simply because some officer told them to and this is not portrayed at all in the story. As far as skirmishes go, you might as well find at least 10+ maos from the workshop that you like because the vanilla maps just really suck, mostly due to the fact that hardly any of them go above a 100 pop cap(with each unit costing 6+ oints this becomes difficult to maintain a decent fight). over all i would not recommend this game to any die hard fans of the original game."
,Not Recommended,231430,28860742,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,[Narc] Opie,"Imagine if someone gave you one of those wooden block games and all the blocks were round but that is ok because all the hole are round, however all the holes are slightly smaller than the blocks, but the instructions that came with it say ""Trust us, they fit, just keep trying""I dont understand how they can remake a game yet not fix any of the issues.If you love tanks driving in circles and reversing into the enemy until they are destroyed and stationary guns that can not hit a target no matter what.Everytime I play this game it makes me hate it more.Uninstalled.Would not recommend unless you hate yourself."
76561198026011177,Not Recommended,231430,8926887,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Skubbler,"I agree with the reviews. HUGE fan of COH1, but they turned this into a cash cow, prostituting itself for money on the DLC.  Horrible buisness model and will now retire from the series.  Sad."
,Not Recommended,231430,32193877,Posted: 5 June,all,Prymal'Dark,"Stay away, unless you like paying piecemeal for your games. I don't mind paying for a few updates, but in CoH2, I feel like the title has an asterisk with the fine print ""units sold separately"" hidden somewhere.Even if you own the DLC, the main screen of the game is almost exclusively a dedicated billboard to advertise the DLC. Furthermore, there is an ingame store pushing all sorts of pieces of the game, for anywhere from a few cents to a few dollars; a complete collection reaches into three figures as of June 2017.Even the performance is lackluster. There are so many smoke and particle effects that it runs very slow and choppy on may laptop with a GTX670MX and an i7 3660QM; not new, but about the same age as the game. There are no settings specifically dedicated to smoke/particle effects, and decreasing what settings are available had little to no effect."
,Recommended,231430,31816371,Posted: 17 May,all,DaendraXII,"""BLOW THAT TANK BACK TO BERLIN!"" -Conscript Infantry."
,Recommended,231430,23244109,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Ω Admin Ω,BEST GAME EVER!!
76561198061813956,Not Recommended,231430,23967458,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Heart Master <3,"I have played 400 hours of this game, and I have to say, it is a lot of fun. However, I would not reccomend it. The pathfinding is the biggest joke I have ever seen, a tank has to spin around four times before it even thinks about retreating. Also the RNG is literally the BIGGEST most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ joke of all games on the market, a grenade could be a direct hit and maybe scratch the unit while a grenade 10 feet away will wipe out a whole squad."
76561198241877816,Recommended,231430,24481007,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,violence help helper,100/100 points
76561198028689964,Not Recommended,231430,11864693,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Hentai Superstar,Extremely unbalanced in favor of the germans and it makes me want to fill my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ with razor wire0/10 don't waste money on this wank stain
76561198104224321,Recommended,231430,28810344,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,VinceMarco,"Great game, better controls than Men of War: Assault Squad 2"
76561198010651410,Not Recommended,231430,31524619,Posted: 3 May,all,feedjamie,pre orderd for a lot o $$$$ loved it by far the best rts out........... then all my content was locked and the only way to get it back was pay more $$$$$$ after doing so i was thanked for my ongoing support f#@$ off never again
,Recommended,231430,15193955,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Corn Rifle,A great World War 2 RTS with an emphasis on speed and heat of the moment decision making above simply building up a large blob of soldiers. With a total of five factions and a plethora of DLC (of varying quality) Company of Heroes 2 is a great addition to any strategy gamer's library.
,Not Recommended,231430,16747961,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,QireX,"no balance, a lot of lie about ussr,  game made by nazis"
,Recommended,231430,21648633,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,☜☆☞ GENERAL BRAVE ★★,It's fun and it can change your thinking if you play it long enough. Learn strategy from the game.
,Recommended,231430,9665952,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,end1e,"Great game but wait for summer/winter sales or free weekends where the game and all of its DLC drops as low as 75% off.As a long time fan of the series, CoH2 was intially disappointing. I honestly just wanted to see a direct port from CoH1 to CoH2 with a brand new shiny engine, new textures, map, music etc. But over time, I have grown to enjoy the game a lot. There is a lot of support for the game from the devs with numerous patches, as I write this I think the game is actually in the best spot its ever been balance and gameplay wise. Ignore any allegations of P2W. Yes there is a crap tonne of DLC but they are only there to serve as a compliment to your gameplay. Many of the commanders you are given that come with the game are more than enough to lead you to win games.Please join us in the multiplayer scene, would love to see new players and are glad to help any player that wants to get better."
,Recommended,231430,10220842,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,7reds (voice_enable 0),"Right, so as a long time company of heroes fan I have to say that I find myself divided on this game. It has a lot of potential, but without the DLC that they force you to pay for (which later becomes useless through patching anyway) it's just like something you'd expect from EA. It's in pieces, and they charge you a fortune to complete it. So I think I'll start this review with all the negative things first.The biggest problem I have with this game is with the single player campaign, like many others. Sorry Relic, but it's just pure garbage. I can't believe how effective Joseph Goebbels' propaganda was that even a company like relic would buy into all of the sheer lies that they spat out in here. Sure, the Red Army did commit crimes, but in the way that CoH2 presents it... you might as well call this a cheap work of fiction. And if you think that the Red Army were the only ones who were brutal you should go google the wikipedia page on the masses of warcrimes commited by the allies in WW2. By the same logic relic should have treated the western forces the same way as the they did eastern ones here in CoH2. Please don't start acting like some history expert, do yourself a favour and actually go do some real research. I'm lucky enough to be one of those few westerners who actually understand Russian, and I've already read a lot of the original order.227. Did relic use google translate on a wikipedia page or something? I'd have to think so considering how badly they misrepresented so much of the historical facts. And yes, I did play through the entire single player campaign, to you relic apologists out there. I completed them all on general difficulty.Now about gameplay, I have to say that I have a lot of difficulty appreciating most of the good things about it, just because relic keeps altering the stats with every update. They've made some of the pay2win commanders somewhat worthless since the big update a few months ago. Generally though, there's a much greater diversity in tactics and strategies available to you here, so you can spend weeks finding new ways to handle things [you don't have a choice since relic keeps changing everything]. It's really difficult playing as the Soviets in general, however both the Germans and the Soviets have their limitations, despite the former having a better army.It's fun, great fun and I enjoy playing multiplayer. But don't believe the bull in the single player campaign so easily. It's just russophobic bias and it comes nowhere close to the whole truth of how the soviets suffered in the war. BadComedian already made quite a good criticism of things in this respect, so I'm not even going to bother carrying on with that. The original company of heroes evolved much more consistently, and more importantly they already worked out its limitations. The whole point of the second game was to build on the best of the old, and yet most of the very best things from the original one isn't present here, or it exists but in a limited form.tl;dr version: the game is good and it has a rubbish single player campaign that's still fun but horrible to watch if you've got your facts right. But in general it's not fantastic beyond imagination like the first one and its expansions. And you're going to have to pay2win if you want to get a serious edge on others, or you're going to have to fight long enough to earn the relevant rank that unlocks certain things for you. But if you're looking for a more complete experience at a cheaper price, I strongly suggest you get the original CoH and its expansions. Maybe in a year or two from now I'll reconsider my words here, if relic would just get off their money making, propaganda high horse for once."
76561197998259128,Recommended,231430,9603032,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Saint_Nutella,Uh Awesome. Totally worth a few bucks!
,Recommended,231430,10848162,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Blackout,"Excellent game, would recommend to anyone that is an RTS fan."
76561198016265026,Recommended,231430,11627461,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Heraclus,"Good game, but where to find the DLC? I want to play russia but every time I want to look for it, I can't see it. Any help?"
76561198124427668,Recommended,231430,11456146,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Businesscasual,Although this game is very demanding when it comes to computer requirements i find my self not being able to stop playing it. I have a low-end computer that gets about 10 fps when i play this game but it's so well made the lag doesnt stop me. Being able to play as different factions and downloading new maps from the workshop keeps this game fun even after you finish the campaign and the DLCs. Company of Heroes 2 is visually stunning and the gameplay is addicting so I highly recommend this game as it is once of my favorites.
,Not Recommended,231430,24038384,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ryoko's Stepdad,"I came to my wits end with this game recently. Perhaps it was my fault, but even after asking on the game forums about problems I still have not found a solution to my woes which I will get to after I actually talk about the game.I can't really recommend this game at all. The first reason is the balance issues plaguing this game. It seems to favor both German factions and British Forces while telling US Forces and Soviets to fall in a ditch. Germans get better units earlier in the game and at reasonable costs while Allied factions are usually underpowered and expensive. New commanders are made obsolete when new ones are available for purchase (yes, for purchase) or you can find them, if the game decides to give you drops. Which after the past few times I played with my friend never happened where I never got EXP or drops after a match was finished. There really feels like there is no incentive to play as Allies when their armor is almost completely outclassed by anything the Germans can throw at them.Now for the technical issues. There are plenty.For a while I had a problem launching this game properly. I never feel you should have to go into the game files and disable functions and files just to launch it with no issues.I don't have the best video card but I was able to get playable framerates a year ago before I switched my mobo and CPU. COH2 hates these for some reason as I am not able to decipher why all my other games work with minimal problems but this game lays an egg when I try to play online. Things start well until about fifteen minutes into a match when I get told my settings are too high and I become victim to input lag. By the time I get to the end game, I suffer input lag of upwards of twenty minutes before I see my units respond to my orders.Twenty. Minutes.Even after following all the advice I was given I still experience trash like this. My friends told me they just use my idle units as a barricade to build up their forces before wiping out the enemy. It makes me feel good when my pals tell me ""You make a great wall."" Really makes me feel like I'm part of a team. For a game exclusive to the PC it doesn't work very well on a rig that at the time of writing this is passable.After everything I've seen and experienced in the game I can safely say you can skip this. I only bought this to play against AI because I never felt good enough to play against others. Some people are probably already reading this review and calling me a dumb noob for such reasons, but I don't care. I feel that until Relic focuses more on trying to balance the game (and maybe trying to discover the root of these issues I face) instead of farming money out of me, I put this as not recommended."
76561198048203279,Recommended,231430,8957324,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Dwatch Razgriz,"Fun game...Better than the first in many ways.EDIT: That reveiw was made based on my experience on the free weekend...Back when they did the the everything is free thing...It still has better graphics, a cool story, fun little challenges, and some cool looking units...The lack of some of the better commanders, and some other problems made it slightly worse...Compared to the orig CoH, which I would give a 9/10, this one is a 7.5...A good value, but as many have said, only if on sale."
76561198055485420,Not Recommended,231430,17035770,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Darrett,"One of the buggiest games I've seen. Intro missions and tutorials should be relatively bug free; they're the first few minutes anyone has to size up the game. In the tutorial, I encountered several issues with creating unit groups, Control +1 would take three or four key presses to work, and pressing E to throw a grenade worked once... after that, it stopped functioning.Assuming it was just an issue with the tutorial, I moved to the first campaign mission. Same issue, only now the scroll function froze up at various points, meaning I could only navigate the map by clicking on the minimap screen. Hardly playable.At this point in development, these bugs should have been sorted out. Interface bugs should be high priority, because they turn what could have been a good game into a frustrating experience."
76561198006869185,Not Recommended,231430,33970389,Posted: 2 August,all,Steigbügelhalter,"As a long term veteran of CoH 1 plus the addons, it still haunts me what has become of one of the best RTS titles ever made. This said, I am gonna try to give a 'short' review why I can't recommend the game compared to its predecessor.First things first: Even though I can't recommend the game it has to be said, that I see it fitting for a growing group of casual gamers. Thus, if you wanna pretend to be a strategist but if you don't want to invest too much time into figuring out detailed game mechanics and tactics, this might be the game for you! Plus it might keep you motivated unlocking new skins, perks achievments etc. Hell, from a casual kind of view this game even makes fun and shines with its easy gameplay, which forgives you easiely the wrong macro and often also micro gameplay.In addition the shop provides you with an almost endless combination of commanders. Thus, you can invest additional money to get the ability-combination you want. Eventhough, I don't get the concept of throwing extra money out of the window for a feature within a game I already bought.... I also have to say that I haven't seen yet any ability combination which would justify a 'pay to win' branding of the game, as I already bet people with 1000h+ gametime without having spent any additional money.So let's sum up: if you are a casual gamer, who is searching for a 'strategy' game which is not too deep and if you just want to play it from time to time, go ahead and buy it! You might spend some fun hours and can stop reading the review at this point.BUT if you are strategy game fan and/ or a lover of the first CoH, mark my following lines!Coming back to my initial statement, it really creeps me out what they have done to one of the gratest RTS brands, men ever made. It seems like Relic/Sega took the content of the first part,  its DLCs and of some of its mods (looking at Blitzkrieg here), put it into a blender and mixed it hard until they got a soft strategy porridge without any profile or skills to need.1. The menu structureThe first thing that struck me was how confusing the menues are: maybe I'm getting to old, but I got already overwhelmed and confused by the main-menu with all its blinking buttons, moving backround and popping up advertisments. WTF?! Why do I have to suffer from advertisment for DLCs, Commanders, Twitch etc. in a game I payed a full price for?If you know the lobby from the first part (which had its weaknesses, too) you will miss MOST of the filter options to find a game: You can basically only specify if you are looking for games with or without mods! Filtering out eg. 2v2 games? -Impossible. Searching for anhilation games? -Well, literally search for it yourself, fool! Obviously the game designers found it more important to grand you access to your 'inventory' with all these perks, skins, badges and more nonsense at all time instead of implementing the clear menue structure from part one....2. GameplayI think that many CoH veterans already commented on the very details of the gameplay, so I will only share my personal impressions! While CoH was celebrated for its strategic simplicity and depth at the same time, based on a simple rock-paper-scissor mechanic combined with offmap abilities and ressource managment, CoH 2 is only a shadow of the former strategic depth.a) Ressources and sectorsWhile in CoH it was crucial to capture the right ressources at the right time to decide the game in your favor, CoH 2 took this aspect almost completly out by giving all the sectors almost the same priority. In CoH you had small, medium and big ressource sectors to supply you with differnet ammounts of fuel, ammunition and menpower. In CoH 2 there are only small sectors left which aren't differing much from each other. For what I have seen, it doesn't matter which one to capture since they all have the same worth. Sure, you can build an outpost on it to increase the output by eg.+ 5 fuel/min. Compared with CoH this is nothing, since it could be increased up to ~+15/min.... Thus, you will end up lacking every damn rescource but menpower in the longrun.b) Units - Or how there used to be reliabilityTo sum it up, if you know anything about the units and their effect from CoH, forget about it. Rock-paper-scissor? -Nah, it's more like rubber mallet vs. rubber mallet. Almost everything can beat up almost everything! You spamed to many anti infantry infantry in the early game and get surprised by vehicles? -No problem, they sure have also cool antitank abilities. You spamed too many AT-guns and you are now getting attacked by Infantry? No problem since they now also feature HE ammo, no hard time to beat them! In any case, don't forget to build a mortar, since they don't miss much and make a lot of damage and often cause instand death!The main weakness of the game is the uncertain unit effectifness itself. I have suffered a lot situations where I started a firefight which was pretty even and I gained the upperhand by starting to kill off the opponent until it was 5 men vs. 3, when luck started to turn, and I started to loose a figth I initially won.How about tanks then? -They are even worse: They have the same HP bar like the infantry and thus it is almost impossible to determine how many hits they can still suffer. Plus, you have to save A LOT of ressources to get e.g. a Pather in the lategame. This is the biggest tank the Wehrmacht can build regularly! However, it somehow can be easiely defeated on the front by the allied's small tanks which cost less than half of the ressources. WTF? Why do I have to save ress the whole game for a premium tank if it is not really better than any other cheap one?! - Makes no sense to me. Also about reliability: one time your AT infatry makes no damage on vehicle, the next time they finish it off in three shots. One time an 'Easy Eight' Sherman almost destroys two panthers by itself, the next time it gtes owned by only one. This game has so much uncertanty or luck in it, that makes it hard to determine the outcome of almost any battlesituation. In addition, the game also excuses the loss of territory very generously: While it broke you your neck in CoH 1 to loose grip of all the ressources, in CoH 2 you can make an easy comeback just with your menpower featured jibber-jabber infatry. Thus, you can often still turn the whole (lost) game around within a few seconds.Final ThougtsAs a fan of the strategy genre, CoH 2 plays like they took the 'realism' and micromanagment of Men of War and tried to combine it with the 'casualness' of a command and conquer, creating a game which is neither of those and not even close to the quality of CoH 1.I would even go further and say, there is NOTHING this game stands out for! It has neither the realism and micromanagment demans of Men of War, nor the easiness or arcarde-level of a command and Conquer.Thus, if you aren't a casual gamer and you wan't to play a deeper arcarde game, buy CoH 1 + the DLCs because it costs not even half but gives double the fun of this clunky monstrosity."
76561198068660325,Recommended,231430,10729309,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Broken Visions,really fu good game
76561198089080117,Recommended,231430,10183995,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Aaron,Can't love this game more.Thank you Relic for providing us such an epic game.
,Not Recommended,231430,30047625,Posted: 19 February,all,Storm Elite,"As a veteran of Relic's tactical RTS genre starting with vanilla Dawn of War II, I feel the need to bring attention to Relic'scomplete, sickening incompetencewith Company of Heroes 2.Anyone who hasn't played Company of Heroes 2 for years and kept close track of the changes/patches implemented by Relic since its release simply won't have any idea about just how utterly incompetent Relic have become at game design since the golden days of Homeworld and Dawn of War II, so I want to take this opportunity to warn anyone who might consider buying their games now or in the future.The BackgroundCompany of Heroes 2 with the Western Front expansion multiplayer factions that changed the game drastically has been out since 2014. That's going on three years now. To the uninitiated, the constant support for the game via regular patching is likely to look like great news. After all, so many games are often abandoned soon after release, never to be patched again.However, if you actually examine the major balance patches on the Company of Heroes 2 forum, and if you've actually been playing the game throughout these years, especially with the Wehrmacht and Oberkommando West factions, you'll have a vastly different view of this ongoing patching.With each major balance patch since the release of the Western Front factions in 2014, Relic has been forced to buff German factions in the game while nerfing all others, especially the US Forces faction.This is a pattern that you'll see throughout practically all major balance patches.Here's an example:https://community.companyofheroes.com/discussion/243341/winter-balance-preview-changelogThe Winter Balance patch from late 2016/early 2017 showcases this just as well as all the previous major balance patches.ENORMOUSimprovements to Wehrmacht and OKW infantry. Every. Single. Major. Balance patch.What Does This Mean?It means that forYEARSnow, the German factions in the game have beenCOMPLETELY UNPLAYABLEto anyone who actually rightly cares about balance and fair gameplay.Playing as the Wehrmacht or the OKW against anyone short of a blatantly inexperienced, novice opponent using any of the other factions (especially USF) meant the German players stoodNO CHANCEwhatsoever.Instant squad wipes from AoEBroken formation mechanicsInstant first model death upon engaging any threat even in cover (WM 4-man squads with no armor or health boost to compensate)ENTIRE SQUADS THAT DO NO DAMAGE (WM Pioneers, OKW Volksgrenadiers)Units that lack survivability to such a degree that certain units simply couldn't be used for ages (222 still takes bullet damage)Utterly unusable upgrade distribution (such as the Panzerschreck upgrade being on Volksgrenadiers for TWO YEARS)Anti-tank guns hard countered by tanks (this years after releasing a game where AT weapons properly snare vehicles)These are all problems that have plagued the German factions in CoH2 forYEARS, only being fixed one or two at a time in various major balance patches throughout the years, and the list of them can go on and on and on and on and on and on.The Moral of the StoryRelic has no game designers. They do not have a single actual person on their entire team, in their entire company, who has any concept whatsoever about proper game design. Not anymore.For those unaware of game design practices, the short summary is: game design isn't a matter of opinion, it isn't subjective. There is an objectively correct way to design any given element in a game, and there are objectively wrong ways of doing so.As such, the simple fact that they have been improving the German factions in Company of Heroes 2 while reducing the potency of the other factions in the game, consistently,FOR YEARS, should tell you all you need to know about this pathetic excuse of a development team.Do not buy their games. Do not support them in any way.They have failed so monumentally, that I cannot recall a single instance of such complete failure in all my time playing or working on video games.Relic, and the Company of Heroes 2 team in particular, should be utterly ashamed of themselves, of calling themselves game developers, or game designers especially. However, they aren't. They aren't ashamed in the least. They have the gall to continue on as if nothing bad has happened, as if they haven't utterly and completely failed in the most miserable manner imaginable in regards to the Company of Heroes 2 product that they've been paid to work on for years now.The TakeawayI'm certain many will downvote this review and label it ""crying"" or ""whining"" or ""entitled"", but that won't change the objective facts I've laid out above. Any game development team that failsSO COMPLETELYthat an entire faction in their game remains utterly unplayable, totally unbalanced, completely uselessFOR YEARSdeserves nothing but scorn and disgust from the gaming community.If you're reading this review in hopes of discerning whether this game is worth adding to your collection, whether full price or on a huge Steam Sale, heed my warning, and avoid it at all costs. Do the same for Relic as a developer and publisher in the future as well.If we, the players, the consumers, don't vote with our wallets and game time, the gaming industry will become filled with failures like Relic Entertainment's current incarnation, and our entire favored pastime will be destroyed by mediocrity and ignorance of correct game design principles."
76561198068263462,Not Recommended,231430,30884939,Posted: 1 April,all,civiljones,"I would like to be able to play COH 2 Aredennes Assault, but I get to the point where I have to unlock the weapons stores and I click on the right button and they unlock.  However, I does not register as having completed my mission.  So I am stuck in the HQ area and not able to proceed with the attack or go to a different senario.  In addition, I purchased the complete COH 2 games from Steam and only the Stalingrad and Aredennes games shows up when the game loads.  Any suggestions or ideas on how to proceed would be helpful."
76561197990995604,Recommended,231430,14559606,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,[SoW] General Puck,fun game been fan of coh for many years
76561197985029476,Not Recommended,231430,34581758,Posted: 29 August,all,pandamonium,Really enjoyed CoH2 but I HATE THE CAMERA WHY IS IT SO CLOSE TO THE GROUND.Hard to recommend when the camera is so clunky.
76561198104035797,Recommended,231430,11315831,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Plata  o Plomo,"Coh2 is very fun and offers many tactical variations and game styles.you can play for days against AI or against other real humans.The graphics are so good that it is half the fun.and thanks to relics many uppdates it never stops evolving sometimes,for the better and sometimes for the worst.but overall it is a awesome game that everyone should have in there game arsenal."
76561197978144178,Recommended,231430,11615927,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Linkavich14,"I have started playing Company of Heroes since the first one and I really liked it, in the begining it took me some time to get used to the changes from the first version but after getting used to, it is really easy to play.For me I liked the story although there are a few missions that I didn't like, also the theater of war is not that bad but instead of that I would have prefer to have a German Campaign like in the first game.Also something that I don't like are microtransactions, they charge a lot of money for only a few textures that don't help at all."
76561198060706813,Not Recommended,231430,30880570,Posted: 1 April,all,MaddoK,This review is specifically for the Ardennes Assault campain. I cant tell you much about the campain because a bug is preventing me from continuing the first level. There is a point where I am required to purchase the BAR weapon rack and equip my forces. I purchase the rack and equip at least one BAR to all of my squads. The campain doesn't register that I have purchased the rack yet and wont progress the story line. Ive restarted the mission three times. Its always the same story. This game has been out for about 4 years and they still have game breaking bugs floating around. Great job SEGA and RELIC. This will be the last time I buy one of your products.
76561197991699558,Not Recommended,231430,19092571,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Jerms,"This is more like an EA GAMES title, Relic is taking micro transaction lessons from watching how EA GAMES milks the hell out of a game, dam the game ole boy, there is profit to be made! I vote this as relics new company slogan."
76561197988307670,Not Recommended,231430,9920989,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Treadlocke,"Just identical to the previous games, but with better graphics"
76561197960391961,Not Recommended,231430,25123824,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Busta,"German side is crazy good in the late game to the point of it not being fun. DLC is silly.Really wanted to like this game but the balance is off. You can control the map for the majority of the map as the allies and somehow you still have to fight these SWARMS of german infantry and tanks that require the focus of MOST of your army. If you lose your lead for a second, your done.The only thing nice I can say is that its pretty and it runs pretty well. Fps stays sharp even with a lot going on."
76561198008498085,Not Recommended,231430,14563605,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Briang67,Can not save campaign in progress.  Defaults back to beginning of campaign section
,Not Recommended,231430,14566233,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Doallyn,"Really loved CoH and CoH 2 was ok in terms of a decent enough campaign, the Ardennes Assault full price DLC is bonkers. No idea why this is full price when essentially the missons are bascially AI multiplayer games, capture the flag and reduce points?!Considering the AI is an efficent machine and can out strip your resources, plus you don't get a fair start due to the new metamap resource concept... its just a bit waste of everyones time trying to play this game.A campaign with a story and structured missions is worth something, just throwing together AI mulitplayer at full price is not."
76561197999802760,Not Recommended,231430,14490267,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Kedzie,"SEGA and Relic used the EA approach to COH2 that made this game a shame to its predecessor and a taint on the ""Company of Heroes"" franchise.Shamelessly putting content behind a paywall of DLCs is a cheap trick of squeezing as much money out of gamers as possible.Eastern Front mod for COH1 was better. Get that instead of this garbage.EASTERN FRONT MODAlso, the disguistingly bigoted campaign was pointed out at the game's release and not a single apology or fix was made.If you want to know why the SP is such a revolting menace watch this review:[BadComedian] - Why Russians Hate Company of Heroes 2TRUE FACE OF RELIC"
76561198101646829,Recommended,231430,10775194,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Chunchunmaru,"If you loved Company of Heroes 1 and are looking for that same great WW2 commander experience, CoH 2 is not for you! This is definitely a great game and all, but is is NOTHING like the original game. As a player coming from the first Company of Heroes, I was very much suprised and a bit confused at the changes to the game. Im not talking visuals or anything (we'll get to that later), I mean the mechanics of the game. It was certainly a good suprise, but I had no idea what to do at first. I didn't get the whole leveling up your tech (Apparently there are no longer buildings where you make units), but after experimenting and reading a bit I started to understand. It was a bit dissapointing that you could no longer build a base but just had one there from the start. After playing a few matches, however, everything started to make sense and after a while I actually started to get pretty good. This game gets very strategic, and if you want to survive you can't just spam one unit and think you're going to win, or go for the early rush anymore and expect to overun your opponent. There's no more massing artillery units and just barraging your opponents until they either rage and quit or until their base crumbles, which is very nice because arty was so OP in CoH 1. Oh and sorry but im talking about the western front expansion btw. I think I've rambled on long enough, but in my opinion CoH Western Fronts is worth every penny, much better than getting Company of Heroes (WF is a standalone). Oh and one last piece of advice: Dig in and cover you your units weaknesses. That is the only way to survive an advancing enemy."
76561198052187998,Not Recommended,231430,28299895,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Aelies von Saladir,Relic seems to have developed an unhealthy obsession with pro-gaming/ e-sport nonsense. Every update makes this game less fun for casual players. Interesting and original mechanics are chafed in favour of boring predictability.And don't get me started on micro-transaction. Just don't.
76561197996146445,Recommended,231430,9147091,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Hr. Svane,"After a hard start I must say, that the game at the current state is what it should have been when it came out, however, I do not wish to punish this great game, after a lot of improvement and care from the developments side of listning to the community and improving it, I wish to recommend it.This review is from a Multiplayer Perspetive.At the games current state to me it seems most of the negative reviews are aimed at things where it does not feel similar to the first Company of Heroes.It is not Company of Heores 1, it is Company of Heroes 2. Even though it is a sequal, the pace of the game and how the units work is more dynamic in terms of how the game unrolls when playing it, compared to the first game. This is not a bad thing. The first game focused a lot of having a ""line"" you could push forward and hold. Here it is more fluid. You use different combinations of units to take control and counter your opponent for control over Victory Points and ressources through engangement, instead of fighting a ""front line"" war, which were more the case in the first game.Both the Russians and Germans have strenght and weakness that follow each other equal very well from start to finish, making it quite balanced.A debat about one being more overpowered only comes down to what you chose to counter your opponent with, and more importantly, how you chose to counter this way of playing, his battle to take control over key points on the map, how you can harrash him to focus on different objects, and interrupt his stratigical plan of winning the game.The debat about the different Commanders you can buy is still a bit unclear, whether or not it is ""buy to win"". Some do offer a harder challange to counter, but far from impossible, however, I would not say it is ""buy to win"", since they do not offer all-defeating abilities with no or very little weakness.It is a game where you must learn strenght and weakness of the units, and how they support each other through your way of playing, to counter your oppenents stratigical plan, and units, to gain control and dominace over the map."
,Recommended,231430,9186041,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Revenant42,Top game
76561198090874063,Recommended,231430,17760537,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Bobalos,its cool :)
76561198079992914,Recommended,231430,18128635,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,crysisnorman,The best game i have ever played
76561198014415153,Recommended,231430,17792830,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Larry David,great game but lots of mods.
76561197989281821,Recommended,231430,9166490,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Kevin Rudd,"EDIT (Feb 2015):Since I first bought the game and reviewed it, they've made some notable changes; for whatever reason, over time things that you previously had to pay for have now become available and unlocked for me; there are now enough free commanders for the Soviets and Wehrmacht that the game is worth playing for a while; however there are still units you will never get to use (e.g. Partisan Tank Hunters) unless you pay for their commanders; and while the Western Front Armies were worth it when I bought them on special for $6.70 (AUD), they only have the core three commanders it seems, they're still fresh and new to me, but after a bit more of playing I could get a bit sick of that. It's possible that commanders can be unlocked through the ""War Spoils"" system they now use, but this has not been verified.So they've made some improvements and upgraded it from being a mere shell of a game that you need to spend extra money to make full; though you still need to do that to get all armies, and all commanders. But this time around there's enough there that it could be considered an alright game. 7.5/10ORIGINAL POST (Feb 2014):Some slight improvements to the system from CoH1, and Soviets are nice, but no USA or Commonwealth at all, lacks the classic unit dialogue of the first, oh and they've kept it stripped bare and ♥♥♥♥♥D IT OUT FOR DLC.Only buy if you really liked CoH1 but have gotten a bit bored of it and want something new. 6.9/10"
,Recommended,231430,17438548,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,netoMX,Great game!!!...
,Recommended,231430,8835481,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,SlayMeGently,"I bought the game in the time it was free, only to see that I still had to buy it when the time ran out and I already have it installed. Why? But for the 0.2 Hours I played it, it was fun and fast-paced. Good things."
,Recommended,231430,14249865,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Snusy,GOOD GAME ;D
76561198167767951,Recommended,231430,20152309,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MadHat,"Flamethrowers were very common in WW2 and, as it turns out, most engineer sections had 1.10/10"
,Recommended,231430,13356833,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Widdlytinks,"Graphics - okay. I don't care about graphics. Gameplay - I love the multiplayer. All of the maps... The campaign is challenging I have found. Meh story line though. Overall though, this game is great."
,Recommended,231430,13710841,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Fenixer02,Both 1 & 2 are great but 2 might ignite a fire on your PC if you have a bad one. The MP mode still brillant as THQ did but if you had play 2 for the first time some unit may unbalance.
,Recommended,231430,23833254,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Boyadzhiev,"COH2 is a primarily multiplayer game with an enjoyable campaign and scenario packs (mini-campaigns). The multiplayer is the meat of the game and will keep you playing for years. It is addictive, fun and unpredictable. It strikes a great balance between tactical gameplay and strategic planning from positioning your troops on the map to defeat immediate threats to the planning of your build order and win the game.This game is not for the faint-hearted. You will be frustrated by some players when they decisively outplay you, but when that happens, it makes you want to keep playing and become better so you can outplay them instead! The balance of the game is highly controversial, but balance has never been very bad. It is often a matter of adaption, experience and skill, learning how to play your faction correctly and use everything that you have at your disposal.All in all, if you enjoy in-depth gameplay, strategy, and the World War 2 theme then this game is for you. I recommend this game proudly, having been a fan of the game since the first Company of Heroes released in 2006."
76561197960558358,Recommended,231430,7787686,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Oberst Josef von Hartmann,Awesome game!  I liked the first COH and love the 2nd!!  It's a must if you like RTS and WW2!  You need a pretty decent computer though!
76561198044878760,Recommended,231430,8839474,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,OFWGK†Δ,very good but hard
,Not Recommended,231430,9099869,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Giant Retard,no
,Not Recommended,231430,9404198,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Franklin D. Rollsablunt,game is broke-ed
,Recommended,231430,9492524,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,[R6]Aquaplanet,Fast paced RTS but without the worker aspect. Instead you fight over points and those generate three different resources which you use to buy armies with. Much focus on right placement with the right units so the micro management skills comes in handy.
,Recommended,231430,9090501,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,♥Tobi the wolfpup♥™,amazing game :3
76561197984538435,Recommended,231430,15492813,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Blood n Guts,"Too difficult to win any type of multiplayer game in Allies mode, needs re balancing."
76561198061123802,Recommended,231430,13805683,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Timbo The One And Only <3,good game :) reccomend
76561198066001238,Recommended,231430,17131576,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Wellsy,Amazing game. buy if you can. great DLC too!
,Recommended,231430,10959903,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,VadersHatred,"Great game, didn't play the first one, so I cannot attest to a ""quality drop"", but I can assure you, that any price you pay for this game, it is worth it."
76561198067631838,Recommended,231430,11051939,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,sanzephmas,"Love this game, although its a little different than Tales of Valor. I am more familair with that game but this one is still pretty fun!"
76561197998238406,Recommended,231430,14491946,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,carl,"The most intense strategy game i have ever played. Nothing like the first series of Company Of Heroes, very hard to master at first and will take a little bit of time to get use to the differences compared to the first series. So much more to view in this game, there's always more to learn. I give this game 5 stars and recommend this game to everyone who enjoys strategy games. Job well done Sega! Keep it coming!"
76561198018026248,Recommended,231430,8210731,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Fearider,Company of Heroes 2 is an outstanding game which has kept me coming back ever since it came out on steam. 10/10 for sure
76561198082189646,Recommended,231430,8543288,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Frost Child,"A very fun game that requires switiching up tactics to counter players and the enviroment. People claim it's ""pay to win,"" but using what is provided in the basic game is enough to counter many DLC commanders."
76561198039147360,Recommended,231430,10204002,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,BlackBird21,The best game evaaaaaa!!!
,Recommended,231430,10325203,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Killersharpshot,one word overwhelming 10/10
76561198048242546,Recommended,231430,16946451,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,ADC1987,Battles +2 CPU Demand -2 Disk Space -1 Units +2 ...  Most people I know can only run COH1 -1
76561198067553958,Recommended,231430,8045546,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Kilroy,While there are many hick-ups in balance and the game requires a power rig to play this is the best RTS on the market. With full physics and destructable enviroment; a complete cover/garrson system and authentic WWII units in look and function in no other game (except of course COH 1) can you apply the full range of strategy and tactics taken from over 3000 years of the known history of warfare. You can apply Sun Tzu or Clausewitz just as well  as you can George S. Patton (minus the tradition notions of formation fighting.) Furthurmore if you can max out the settings no other game looks and feels sooo good. Though this isnt just because of the face value graphics but from the full physics and destruction including body parts flying about!
76561198017954524,Recommended,231430,9791551,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,|♠| KOMMANDER,"Not a real CoH2 that i expected, but still better then nothing. There is hunger for strategy games these days, CoH2 is a must to survive till new sun shine again :D"
76561198067542950,Recommended,231430,10278464,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,sedge73,love it
,Recommended,231430,12185760,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Ffinnegan,"Roses are red,Violets are blue,I am stuck on the Eastern Front,AND SO ARE ♥♥♥♥ING YOU.﻿"
76561198080746981,Recommended,231430,13012203,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,The Belly Button Bruiser,Russia is best
,Recommended,231430,16952213,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,1ST Lieutenant djdrews4357,for only 5 hours of play the game is great but the mod support needs to be here we need the blitzkrieg mod and europe at war mod in this game i had 200+ hours of coh 1 with buying it on steam(non steam version) and before i got it on steam) i never played with mods until i looked up mods for the game this was after the new steam version came out and i have to the mods make the game awesome we need mod support like back in coh 1
76561198086186966,Recommended,231430,16961068,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,[SDS] -GREED-,Best series of games I've played in a long time. Keep them coming!
76561198059703722,Recommended,231430,17092927,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,RageDumplings,"I love Company of Heroes series since the first Company of Heroes came out. I was obsessed with its beautiful graphic, intense battle and fantastic story line. As I grew up, this series grew up with me too, now they added CCCP to their game to enrich their content, and I believe in near future, they would put more staff into their work. I see people complain about the price of their game, I want to say for such a great game, money has never been an issue. As a software developer myself, it would take them years to create such a great game, and I would spend any money on this series, uphold this series and hope they could make more wonderful sequels. I would say this is the best WW2 RTS game so far!"
,Recommended,231430,17197313,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Walla,Awesome single player and dlc. A very good RTS.
76561197980312609,Recommended,231430,7856964,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Mourning the Dynasty,German players suck♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ them. Spam more panthers and pgs Hurrr durrr germans so hard. ♥♥♥♥♥♥s actually think they are good
,Recommended,231430,290574,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Neg1,The follow up to the best RTS ever is HERE! Open Beta now out and all progress from the beta will carry over to the full game.
76561198059733789,Recommended,231430,7553032,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,BigRob,For the motherland
76561197973640393,Recommended,231430,7605568,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,<BT /> High Marshal Helbrecht,"Roses are red violets are blue, I am stuck at the eastern front and so does fuc*ing you."
,Recommended,231430,7787436,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Dynamo,"Honestly I have played this game for almost a year and still am not even close to being bored with it. Get some friends together to play with and you will have a blast with this game.Even though many aspects of the game can sometimes be (annoyingly) unrealistic, it is worth your time and money. If you have distanced yourself from this game and haven't played in a long time, know that the lag is completely fixed and the multiplayer connection is very consistent.A lot of people are comparing it to CoH1, but don't let that lead you astray. I have played both and honestly can  say that I like this one better in many ways, such as the match making, customizability, campaign, and workshop content. Take a chance and I'm sure you won't regret it."
76561198008385147,Recommended,231430,7814765,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,tophat1222,If God were to play ANY video game.....it would be this!!
76561198018329824,Recommended,231430,8529383,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,*red ^4ar^1my*304,"Hello everyone! This is my reviev to CoH2. Very good game about war on Eastern Fronts. In game we listen story about soviet soldier, who fight with german invaders."
,Recommended,231430,957578,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,kobusch,Phänomenal!
76561198000866493,Recommended,231430,9812627,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,................................,Good Game! Worth buying it.
76561198041276675,Recommended,231430,9967545,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,daltonp10,"In all complete honesty the first one plus the DLC was way better then this one.  They took everything you loved and got ride of it, and expect to lose alot of guys all the time."
,Recommended,231430,9177067,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,William,Ugh. Sorta.
76561198120204043,Recommended,231430,24863757,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,전기톱휠인드,"i don't play it before.but i regret to don't play it before.this game is really good and fun RTS game confine to World War theme.soldiers and tanks look good, and their fights is look great.this game is sophisticated and polished.if you buy DLC, you can play 5 nation, and it makes more fun.i don't regret to buy this game."
76561198278276630,Recommended,231430,30682155,Posted: 23 March,all,Itsumi Erika,This Is Practically Awesome With its High Graphics and Awesome Gameplay... Mostly the Movements of Infantry and to the Tactics of Tanks Thou Other Tactics are not fair but there is way to counter it... I Prefer You Buy it
76561198079764687,Recommended,231430,30683596,Posted: 23 March,all,BROTHER VANDIS,great game very fun.
76561198174104543,Recommended,231430,30737495,Posted: 25 March,all,Rabbi,Cool RTS!
,Recommended,231430,17654679,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,I-O RI,"My fav after Skyrim. If you're into RTS, this game is a must have. Different factions and commanders offer different play styles, meanwhile the lifely community makes it worth your time and money.Well, if you're planning to grab DLCs you should pick only what you need. This game is oftenly on sale by the way."
76561198058670886,Recommended,231430,17678547,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,jar_jar0515,"One of the best RTS games I have ever played, have burnt hours of time playing this and COH1 and it is all time well spent. My only issue is that the army capacity of each time should be increased but im sure that is to make the game easier to run on all computers."
76561198224648940,Recommended,231430,21980103,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,☣ Bot Pappa,This game is good!
,Recommended,231430,23897350,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Derussiansniper,Really fun RTS game and makes the WW2 RTS work well.
76561198074858915,Not Recommended,231430,19977964,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Rigdank,I WASTED 8 DOLLARS ON THIS GAME!  my life has been ruined.
76561198021885101,Recommended,231430,11042046,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Knight937,I like this game and recommend it to people who like RTS games
76561198068818177,Recommended,231430,8145508,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Kossay,Nice and fun RTS Game!must try!
,Recommended,231430,9164744,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Jordan,get it
,Recommended,231430,1418065,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,ک∂R∂ƈعŋ  •̪̀͡●,"A fantastic strategy title, whilst it doesn't have the ground breaking gameplay or map count of the first game, it does bring bigger and better  'splosions as well as Steamworks matchmaking.  RIP THQ.  8/10Edit- 30 Apr 14:...meanwhile we're being ripped off for DLC, come on Sega/Relic, lower those prices and include more free stuff for the folks that bought collectors editions!"
76561198064450380,Recommended,231430,8787367,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Psiblades,"This is a ""good"" RTS, but not ""great"". I play it as a nice break as it is still new and provides a new experience. I would not have paid the full price for this more of an mini-game than a full out game. If this comes on sale again I would recommend this game. As for the comparison between CoH and CoH2, there are both upgrades and downgrades, based on my preferences of gameplay."
76561197982090798,Recommended,231430,9353054,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,wackydude101,Very different than the first games in the series but once you get used to it you notice how the new features make this game good. The addition of the army customizer is a great addition for some personalization to this game allowing you to pick commanders with their own unique abilities and army bulletins that affect different unit types and camo schemes for various environments allow you to fit the game to your play style. The theater of war add on is also a nice new feature with its biggest pull being the ability to play most of the missions co-op with your friends to complete a variety of objectives.All in all a good addition to the series with a lot of new features and graphic style and a lot of DLC to keep adding to the game it  is defiantly worth being picked up by a fan of the series or a RTS fan in general.
76561198017238812,Recommended,231430,7321572,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,ThanatosLT,"No matter what many people say, this game is even more balanced and fun that the first one whitch was great, especially the soviet faction is more fun and diverse than the bland ""rifle spam m8 rush"" americans. Existing two factions include all the fun game mechanics from the first game and its expansions."
76561198007187961,Recommended,231430,7750820,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,J3w Jitsu,"If you enjoyed anything about company of heroes, then you will enjoy this game.Achievements being required to unlock things online, not a fan of that.Also nickel and diming people to death with ""skins"" or microtransactions is a horrible thing when abused, hopefully they stick with actual content addons not just painting some vehicle green rather then brown..."
76561198007824388,Not Recommended,231430,2469635,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,ApKaH,"Игра полное ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о. Больше ничего не куплю, что делает эта быдло контора - релики"
,Not Recommended,231430,7845267,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,TheLaGmAn,"COH2 is not comparable to COH1, and if you liked COH1 this game will not be what you expected, probably.If you like a more all-fun-no-sense game this is good, sort of a mix between COH and C&C, if you liked what COH1 offered with a tactical and micro management, as well as realistic, its not what you will get.COH2 could of been a good succesor but it failed at some important aspects, the game has much randomness so you cant really know how a battle should go, this happened in COH1 with a small randomness, a solider could miss or not, but in here, its random to the extreme, like you can lose a whole squad from a tank hunter shot or sometimes a flame kills your soldiers instantly and sometimes it can hold it for a non understandable amount of time, not to mention that you can throw a nade to a mg squad in the open and the nade lands right at their feet and kill no one, NOT EVEN MAKE DAMAGE, then you throw a second nade and just make them lose a little bit of health, huh? i just sent two squads to kill and mg, flanked perfectly, wasted ammo on two nades and still had to retreat with no damage at all? Yes, this is what will happen.On top of this, the game has bugs and the balance is...what balance?Not for nothing the amount of players online on COH2 is low, i think even COH1 still has A LOT more players playing it.The game has ridiculus development ideas from my point of view, some so basic that is hard to understand what they were thinking, from not having a chat in the lobby (in the last patch they finally added it, after a couple of months) to having AT games mixed with non AT games (yea, fun to go play with your friends but awful to go play alone in automatch 2v2) you can get a match playing with a random dude vs a team, makes no sense at all. The lack of base structures is something you will miss.If you liked COH1 just for fun, this game will probably meet your expectations or maybe have more fun since the game wont be as hard as COH1 was and it will focus a little more on tank battles since infantry is a lot harder to keep alive, if you liked COH1 for its competitiveness, balance and well structured game, you will be in for a pain while trying to use your infantry and losing squads for no reason (not to mention the delay between orders, you tell a squad to move and there is a delay of almost 2 seconds) and the arty fest will surely not make you happy.The game is not worth 60 bucks at all in my opinion (and i paid this for the game), at 20.00 as it is now? hard to tell, i think its more of a 15 bucks game because you have to consider that you will have to spend money on the p2w commanders."
76561198002324814,Not Recommended,231430,8529096,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Destructomatic,"As a massive fan of Company of Heroes 1, I have to agree with other reviews. This is a downgrade from the original in almost every way. Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,231430,850128,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Starky,"Company of Hereos 2 est FOI-RE, enfin a moitié, je m'explique:Dans company of hereos 2, on incarne deux armés les Russes et les Allemands que vous pouvez améliorer en y choissisant des genéraux, des compétences et meme la couleur de vos vehicules, les maps sont assez varié et les map eneigé donne un petit coté survivor quand le blizar arrive donc il est a vous de mettre en places vos hommes pour évité de les perdre comme un grosse buse a cause du froid.Les armés sont meme touché par quelques easter egg comme south park ou kindervoila pour les point positif, si tout ces avantages sont bon le jeu a un probleme majeur, les armées sont completement desiquilibré, engros l'armé allemand, vous prenez l'armé allemand du premier COH vous rajouté les améliorations de l'armé allemand d 'elite et vous avez celle de ce volet, quand à l'armé russe ....... et bien .....vous prenez l'armé l'américaine vous y mettez les inconvenients, vous suprimé la possibilité de faire des bunker, des mitrailleuse et canon antichar qui ont un chanp de vision lamentable des tank difficiles à prodruire et qui ont pas de puissance et vous avez l'armé russe, oui vous allez pleuré avec eux.Je sais que le jeu se veux realiste et que les armes le sont vraiment , mais il est aussi vrai que les russe produissait trés facilement, la se n'est pas le cas.Et pour ne rien arrangé sur STEAM le jeu vaux ....... tada 79.99, c'est pas tout les jours que je vois un prix parreil, bon je rassure il s'aégissait d'une erreur de la part de STEAM qui a été remarqué vers 10h06 le 25-06-13.Donc en gros à prendre si vous joué uniquement les allemand et que vous avez beaucoup d'argent à claquerModification le 7/12/14le jeu est devenue un fichue paye to win, rien n'a été fait correctement, ce jeu est une pure insulte, si on devait se référer au jeu, les allemands auraient du gagner en 1942 car les forces sont juste PAS DU TOUT équilibrées, même les engins russes les plus puissant sont à la limite du nul.Donc en résumé peut pas produire en masse et pas de puissance si on ne paye pas les bon commandant, je les ai testés pendant qu'il était (temporairement) gratuit.igniobleModification 15/09/15arrivé des anglais, les russes encore plus nul et ce n'est pas pour rire, a part le fait que le T34/85 est  maitenant dans la ligne de production des blindés (si vous avez l'atout, faut pas deconné) c'est mi-na-ble"
76561198080306106,Not Recommended,231430,8164386,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,empireman671,"Was good, ruined by so much DLC. You need the DLC to play the game and win."
,Not Recommended,231430,8284244,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Zkayon,"I can perfectly play BF4 on high with an average FPS of 40-50. In COH 2 I can barely reach 10 FPS, and I'm sure that COH 2's graphics ain't better to what Frostbite 3 has to offer."
,Not Recommended,231430,8507849,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Christmasham,"Although I find this game to be very enjoyable, mainly played with friends co-operatively, I feel like this game is lacking in several areas, I should point the obvious in-your-face DLC marketing surrounding the game at every angle is incredibly dissapointing and quite annoying but is not the worst aspect the game faces'The game feels far more limited than it's predecesor and the combat system resembles something more along the lines of an RPG than a war RTS / simulation even, where Squads of conscripts would easily walk through hails of gunfire from experienced riflemen and even machine gunners, taking no damage, It seems that bullets only really seem to slow units down and do very little in terms of damage, seeing three machine guns pointed at one man, firing upon him and seeing every single bullet miss for half a minute really takes you out of the game, I'm looking forwards to a seriously needed reality mod for this game like Blitzkrieg."
76561198013491031,Recommended,231430,18548217,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,EmperorOtto,"I have played Company of Heroes since the first game appeared (back when CDs were used, and not Steam copies), and I have to say that this is one of the best games about World War II that is a non-shooter.*Thumb up*"
76561198000308348,Recommended,231430,14370031,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,La Brador,Top strategic game
,Recommended,231430,21527402,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Timothy,Buy it only when it's on sale. Buying the core game is like buying a pizza with toppings sold separately.
,Not Recommended,231430,10019194,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,swibberman,"This game is really bad, and nothing like the standard of the first company of heroes. I have spent countless of hours in the first 1, and the predecessor seams only dumbed down, and gives advantege to the highest ranked. Those advanteges can be, better troops, in the forme of more accurate, faster production time, ect.  Unlike the first one, this game is about what loadout you choose. you can spend huge amount of hours and yet not know what to choose.1 of the strenghts in company of heroes 1, was the comander tree, with diffrent and fun options. Now there are loads of commanders to choose from, before the game starts and they are very simulare, with little difference.I do not recomend buying this game, buy the first one insted. The only thing coh 2 have better is how, long time you use to start the game. Compared to the first one coh 2 does this pretty fast."
,Recommended,231430,12567441,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Weedburner,"Very nice RTS Game,as good as the first COH.Very tactical Gameplay possible,Tanks have lower Sides and Rear Armor making Flanking with Tank Destoryer for example very effective.You have something like a Deck in Card Games where you have your different ""Advances"" and Skins and Officers.In Game you have to decide for one of the Officers but you can bring 3 into the Game,in the early Phase you then can decide what you need most.By default there 3 Armys,German,Russian,USA but you can unlock a Second German Army (1944 setup) with the Oberkommando West DLC.The Armys play quite different and their different Officers makes even 2 Armys of the same Nations different,intresting in Team-Multiplayer,where one Player for example can take a Defensive Officer and the other one a Airborne Officer.Officers,skins,Advances can be earned in Battles,when increasing Player level you also get Lootcrates with such Stuff inside,The Stuff even is separated in common,rare and so on like in a MMORPGIts the best RTS Game i know atm"
76561198114372795,Not Recommended,231430,26686540,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Darkmilf,so sad to see that all they come up with is this .in my opinion coh 1 is even a better buy then thiswith all the extra pay on DLC and i even bought it on sale and regret it .fun for an hour /defencive units are a joke or not even presentGO play company of heroes 1this is no where near its value what a♥♥♥♥♥♥job
,Recommended,231430,13033361,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Cysion,"i hve dumped too many hours into this game for my own good. its a lot of  fun to play with friends, which is essentially the only thing ive done. but it does have CRAZY performance and optimization problems, so it runs quite sub-optimally. if you enjoy mauling people with huge artillery pieces and smashing though their lines with elite infantry in an WW2 setting, this is definatly the game for you. i have a friend who playes competative and he really enjoys it too, and there is a scene for ranked online play."
76561198070003154,Recommended,231430,13978444,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,HGC COOPER,Awsome game lots of fun! and some nice mods! but its only £4.99 at Game and £29.99 on here!
76561197992434375,Recommended,231430,14134098,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Randy Hughes,Wish they had the Britsh still
76561198066576153,Recommended,231430,14229859,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,ChristophHRO,"I play since the start of the genre ""RealTimeStrategy"". I loved games like C&C1/2, Warcraft 3, Supreme Commander, Close Combat 3 and so on...this game is a lot of fun for me and not ""Pay 2 Win""(you dont get better units with DLC`s, just different units) as other guys mentioned here before. All the dlc-stuff(not the new campaign) you can buy on steam you can earn by just playing the game and there is content(inclusive new commanders) that you just can earn ingame! And for sure with Starcraft 2 the best RTS you can buy for money in 2015(forget that Grey Goo♥♥♥♥♥♥ its 20 hours fun at max!) And they will support that game for years like they did with its predecessor, that fact alone is worth the buy to support a company that doesnt act like EA and all the cowmelk bs.That game is from my point of view well balanced, but its harder to play allies couse you usally have more units and more stuff to micromanage. But for an asymetrical balance system they did a great job!I played that game short after release and it wasnt that good at that point, just a lot of unfinished work. Started playing against 1 month ago, now its pretty awsome, try it!"
76561198077324979,Recommended,231430,17884928,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Holo,"I was bummed out learn that THQ was closing its doors but glad to see that Sega was getting this games rights, I've the total war series.  The Base game has a meh campaign but its main feature is multiplayer.  IT started out you had to unlock new Commanders, perks, skins, etc. but then it turn into a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ random drop system.  It would of worked if you could trade the stuff but you can't (I've heard rumors of that being added though) you can buy all the commanders and stuff for around $3 or more a pop.  It's an annoying inconvenience because it adds a limited pay2win feature. They added 3 new armies each having their own strengths and weaknesses but they're a bit too pricey honestly.  The multiplayer experience is a fun one... depending on your team mates.  There's only a ""tutorial"" for the Soviet and American faction so for the Eastern front Wehrmacht, Ober Kommando West, and Commonwealth you have to learn on the job.  The DLC is honestly getting out of hand.  When they released the American campaign (for $40) they had another dlc pack for the Rangers Company which can only be used in that campaign, not multi player.  It’s nothing like the first one which isn’t necessarily a bad thing but IMO the 1st beats the 2nd.  This game had very, very, VERY limited moding too for those who like to add eye candy."
,Recommended,231430,17779250,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,MeeeanGreen,"CoH2 is a fantastic sequel to the original CoH.  I've been playing RTS games for 20 years, and this is a masterpiece in the genre.  This is the first such game I've played that really features dynamic terrain maps, and emphasizes using cover and concealment, and flanking and retreating (lose the battle - win the war).  That quiet village north of your base may be set ablaze or reduced to rubble by the end of the game, and the once open flat farm land will begin to resemble the moon. Engineer squads may set up roadblocks, create mine fields, plant TNT, repair armor, wield flamethrowers... these are just the special abilities of one squad of many you can choose from when forming your army.  Learn how to master combined arms tactics with a wide array of vehicles and infantry in real time.  CoH2 has a 12 or 14 mission strong SP story arc, and a competitive online community. The graphics really sell the game and the maps are gorgeous. My favorite is playing on a snowy night map dimly lit by streetlights, or a heavily forested stormy swamp. All the while, the squad commentary feels authentic when moving your units about, and they will make you chuckle at times.I can't recommend this game enough, and have bought it on sale for several friends to play as well.  I played the original game for several hundred hours before finally buying the sequel and and am very happy I did.  I do recommend playing the original regardless, especially if you're on the fence to buy, because I would say it's the better value overall.My biggest complaint would be that all DLC is priced about $2-3ea too much. Also that the US forces are not included in the base CoH2 game, but over two separate expansions.  To truly enjoy all this game can offer, you should buy all the DLC, but that can get expensive, so you might have to wait for the sale."
,Recommended,231430,20761834,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Recognition.,"If you were ever a fan of the Command & Conquer games this will blow them out of the water! Serious tactics can be used and something for everyone. Always new strategies and methods. Not just spamming units. Very fun, detailed game. Play any style you wish.  Awesome! A+++. The original was just as good!"
76561198013684957,Recommended,231430,20762955,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,EkEL,"When this released it had a terrible campaign, weak and buggy multiplayer and pay to win dlcThe devs have done a lot since then to make multiplayer a more balanced and interesting game. the campaign is still terrible, ( but the american one is nice). If you hated it at release multiplayer is worth another go. the dlc fest is a bit more balanced and there are many more viable comanders and factions"
,Recommended,231430,21356726,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Musket Marine,I find the game to have 1 horrible flaw.Vehicle Drivers are ♥♥♥♥ing dip♥♥♥♥♥ that don't know how to drive.The entire tank crew agrees with me on this.But that is the only issue I have found to be a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥This game is fun aside from that issue.Mods make the experience better.
76561197970523169,Not Recommended,231430,21506955,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,WaffenSS™,"This game once used to be an amazing game, now relic has completely trashed it with P2W. If you're a skrub and keep losing, go ahead grab your mom's credit card and buy all of the commanders. It shouldn't be that way, you should unlock them as you progress through the game (multiplayer xp). lower levels= crappy commanders , higher levels = better commanders. I remember pre-ordering this game, thinking it would be the best game I've ever played of WW2. In fact I remember the closed beta and Alpha I took part in. I loved it. Now, I have lossed contact with some of my friends who work for Relic as if they don't want to listen to what veterans of COH2 and COH1 want to say. We were onced promised a German Campaign (yes there was going to be one) but after a while, no one said more of it. Same goes with TOW, we were promised more of them, they never came. Honestly, I feel like starting a petition for something like what relic is doing. Look at Total War: Warhammer , they're getting roasted for cutting content. Which means we could roast relic and sega for destroying once a game that was semi-close to perfect (besides the lack for the german campaign) F**k the russian's , I wanna mow down russians with my german lawnmower (aka mg34 and 42). If Relic and Sega start replying to the community, I might, I say I might, change my review. But as the game currently stands, It is boring and unsatisfying as there is now becoming a lack of content, because In my opinion, playing the allies is boring. Something new needs to be added such as the Afrika Korps etc. If you're wanting an WW2 RTS that is balanced, go play MOW-AS2 or anything of the MOW , GoH is also coming out soon. Same with Blitzkrieg 3. All of those games are currently and will be better than this game if Relic and Sega don't fix their sh*t."
76561198233236976,Recommended,231430,24242299,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,MrGree,This is a very entertaining game with friends
76561198120695891,Not Recommended,231430,12546486,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Alien 480,"the issue with game, im a HUGE fan of command and conquer because its pretty easy to pick up and play with a great balance to it, you have money and you have energy/power. money buys and upgrades everything, power powers buildings and defenses. nod, gdi, and scrin are the factions. nod has cheap/fast units but are not tough. gdi has tough/slow units but are expensive. scrin has fast/tough units but are more expensive than gdi. NOBODY HAS A POPULATION CAP BECAUSE THAT IS A STUPID FACTOR SINCE THAT LIMITS GAMEPLAY!!!! THESE factors BALANCE the GAME. i was able to easily explain the game. in company of heroes you have 3 resources that CONSTANTLY dwindle as the game goes on, the AI SPAMS infantry all the time and never runs out of resources even if they are stuck in their base with no tactical points they will still put up a HUGE fight with hundreds of infantry units and light vehicles. the fights between your units and the enemies always has a random outcome UNLIKE COMMAND AND CONQUER. your full health tiger II can be killed by a single russian medium tank at half health WHICH SHOULDNT HAPPEN EVER! its not that difficult some units just need to be better than others in certain aspects thats how a game is balanced. for instance russian tanks are cheap, tough but low fire power. german tanks are tough and high firepower but are not cheap. american tanks are cheap and high fire power but are not tough. THIS IS BALANCE!  the game has it where all the tanks are the same which isnt historically accurate and a game breaker this makes it random fate whcih is stupid. this means i can get to your base by random chance with just 2 squads against your 10, in C&C this wouldnt even have a chance of happening where you outnumber me so youd win at the end of the day."
,Recommended,231430,22579549,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Paris ♫❆,BLACK POWER
,Recommended,231430,19383197,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,AviciiThinksImCool,"truly one of the best rts out there, the learning curve is there but if you're dedicated you'll get there"
76561197970505404,Not Recommended,231430,10846626,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Canuck Chuck,"overall gameplay not bad, not as good as COH1 though. No SLI support a major bummer, and multiple graphics problems."
76561198082840982,Not Recommended,231430,9954443,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,TED,"It should have been so nice game as it used to be in the CoH 1 several years back. Some how this CoH2 is so hungry because it eats up too much RAM even I have 8GB (with 23-33% when the Win8.1 has just boot up). My laptop can run Splinter Cell Blacklist at Med-High quality with no issue and other top games too, but not this game. I was forced to use only 1280 x 768 res with all ""Minimum"" settings to allow the game to run at only 23 fps. What is this???? I hope Relic will do something or else I have to say good bye to CoH2 until I buy my new laptop in the next 2 years :(My laptop spec:Asus A45VCore i7 third gen (3610QM 2.3 GHz)RAM 8 GBGeForce 630M (2GB)"
76561197993387848,Not Recommended,231430,13952423,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,MajGreg,I am confused. I want to skirmish with the AI but it says I have to Purchase Company of Heroes 2...... I already purchased it or how else could I be playing it in the first place. I'm confused
76561198006409910,Recommended,231430,7779651,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Legion1183,"Truly an amazing RTS game. One that makes you think due to the AI, is a rush tactical based AI, yet it seems the longer the match goes on especially after 30 minutes or more. It seems the AI, starts to break down and makes mistakes and does not attack near as often. The only issue I have is with the Expert AI, the Fog of war does not apply to them. So they are able to see every thing other then that this is truly a well built game. I can not wait for Company of Heroes 3, perhaps as others have said before it should take place in the Pacific theatre. Which if that is the case it would be a huge undertaking but if anyone can pull it off Relic sure can."
76561198053111355,Recommended,231430,9471466,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Lead,"Has it's ups and downs. Although some serious tweeking is needed.Taking place in the Eastern Front of Europe during World War 2, the game follows the exploits of the Russian Red Army and the German Wehrmacht as they fight it out in numerous historical battles they engaged in such as the battle of Stalingrad, the siege of Leningrad as well as the defence of the outskirts of Moscow.Gameplay is pretty decent, much like the first COH only with Russians instead of Americans and British armies. Graphics are pretty good assuming you have a machine that can run it. The whole snow and coldness gameplay mechanic is quite a nice addition and the new units and abilities that are introduced are a step up from the first COH. But not much else is added in that department. As I said, it is very much like its predecessor.The main campaign is a fair length although the story told throughout the campaign is quite poorly done, what with the negative and evil portrayal of the Red Army, somehow making them look more evil than the freaking Nazis themselves rather than the ""Company of Heroes"" the game title says they are meant to be. I get that the Russians did some terrible things during the war but then again, what military force Allied or Axis didn't? Plus the game kind of goes a bit overboard on the matter. Some of the Russian soldiers and main characters are portrayed rather stereotypically as well not really helping things. I'm not Russian myself but I do see why many Russians dislike this game.The campaign isn't really great gameplay wise seeing as how the enemy AI acts rather scripted and you can easily predict where they are going to attack and what units they are going to be using seeing as how they use the same unit types over and over again throughout each mission. Then again Relic games have never really been ""Excellent"" when it came to the campaign.If you're like me and you enjoyed the first COH games then this might be for you but you won't miss much if you intend to skip it. Overall the game is not great but not terrible either, so-so if you will.I would like to see the game series continued on different war fronts however. Here's hoping for a COH set in the Pacific anyway.Hope you found this review helpful."
,Recommended,231430,8846396,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Rethys,"With balanced gameplay, a multitude of possible play styles, and nearly endless strategic and tactical possibilities; Company of Heroes 2 lives up to Relic Studios reputation and takes the series to new heights. With the introduction of cold weather attrition and difficult terrain such as mud and deep snow the environment itself can be used as a weapon opening up new avenues of warfare never before seen in the gaming world. Company of Heroes 2 comes closer to a genuine warfare experience than any title before it. Beyond beautiful graphics and intense action there is a genuine strategic experience under the hood. I highly recommend this title."
,Recommended,231430,8834311,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,XALT,sexy game. Nuf said.
,Recommended,231430,21683180,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Officer Warren Barksdale,They should add Viet Cong.
76561198153939790,Recommended,231430,21708229,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,TBDMaster,Great game with awesome sound effects for everything.
76561198103922416,Recommended,231430,14219241,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Großdeutschland,"Pros +- Best  and Comprehensive WW2 RTS Game- Almost complete faction in game  : US, Ger, Rus (no UK and Jap)- Multiplayer ++Cons-- No Campaign for GER (i believe they (relic) dislike Germans :))- Need powerful video cards and Processor+Memory (they need to optimise more on game files)- Need more Modding Tools for skins !"
76561198057529115,Recommended,231430,8466542,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Olsson,One of the best fastpaced RTS's out there! I highly recommend buying it.
76561198009350611,Not Recommended,231430,2564112,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Nightbringer,This is not a recommend but a warning if you use sli or crossfire stay away. ps  just read the user scores on metacritic. and this is afrer a month and a half wait for patches. money could be used for better stuff.
76561198042110223,Not Recommended,231430,4814320,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,scatwalla,"I originally had this as a thumbs up, but after playing it came to the realization that, while it is a good game, it is nowhere as good as the original. The single player campaign is lacking, and it seems the new DLC is geared specifically toward multiplayer, whereas in the original COH you got great single player and multiplayer. And speaking of DLC, the sheer amount of it is absolutely ridiculous. I feel it's all a money grabbing scheme. Definately wait for a good sale."
,Not Recommended,231430,8022566,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,[4MA] Audio Junkie,"Wasted my money on this.  Can't even run it at lowest settings with a Quad Core 3.0, 4GB RAM and a Geforce 9800GT.  Even the video test takes 10 min to load...GARBAGE!  Very disappointed and would like a refund!"
76561198007118023,Not Recommended,231430,8152734,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Saint,Waaay to short and rediciulsy easy both campaign and scirms no point in wasting time here.
76561198076889292,Not Recommended,231430,8510770,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,alex.obryvkin,"1. Campaign in CoH 2 is an awful mess of cliches about Soviet Union and it's role in WW2.2. The only meaningful single player mode in the game - Theater of War - is distributed as DLC, but when I paid for Collector's edition - there was not a word about it, instead, it was written that Collector's edition ""includes"" Theater of War, while standard edition does not include it. Now Collector's Edition is 12$, while I paid 40$, and includes only Case Blue mission pack for germans, while Victory at Stalingrad and Southern Front missions are offered to buy in the game for 10$. Well done, Relic! Will never buy from you again."
,Not Recommended,231430,9000705,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,BiN,"I loved Company of Heroes, IMO it is one of the best military RTS games to date. Sadly, CoH2 is not...it's not even fun. I regret paying even the tiny sum of $7.50 for this game. I would have been happy to pay full price for a CoH sequel where I played the Canadians, but you would have to pay me to play the Russians in any RTS ever again. Playing the Russians, in CoH2, is nothing but an exercise in attrition. It's not a challenge, it's frustration incarnate. We all know how hard the Russians had it in WW2, but this game takes it to a new level. I had to replay every map at least three times due to some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t technicality. The Russian troops are anemic and it feels like I'm wasting all of my resources creating troops that just get cut down like paper-mache. I only played 3 maps before I uninstalled out of frustration. The units are bad, the maps are bad, the scenarios are bad. I likely will not be purchasing any RTS from Relic again."
76561197965935971,Not Recommended,231430,9238870,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,The Pacifist King,"Other than being a DLC nightmare and missing a lot of variation in comparision with CoH1, the game suffers from one fatal flaw: The zoom level. The game has a ridiculously low ""max-zoom-out-level"", which makes the game unplayable for me. I can live with the DLC crap and the mindless reshuffle of the old faction characteristics, but the zoom level is just a dealbreaker. Unfortunately it is not fixable through mods."
76561197981018810,Not Recommended,231430,9275900,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Ant13898,Sadness =(
76561197997001492,Not Recommended,231430,11223001,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,A DOODAD!,i like that there is double or triple its original price in dlc content D:
76561198091475610,Recommended,231430,7192376,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,chosen21,"Great game, epic-never ending full of action multiplayer, campaign based on true events and much MORE!I mostly liked the deep multiplayer system, very wide customization, such as skins, bulletins, commanders, you can even set your own setup or a build."
76561198042456939,Recommended,231430,8444932,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Stryker Venom,"ITS A FUN TIME KILLER CERTIAN UPDATES MAKE THE UNITS HARD TO COUNTER IN MULTIPLAYER BUT OTHER THEN THAT I ENJOY IT, AND MY DAM CAPS LOCK IS ON BECAUSE IM TO LAZY TO TURN IT OFF"
76561198050821696,Recommended,231430,8779598,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,DiLong,I personlity injoy itGreat game!!!
,Not Recommended,231430,10885938,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,McFubar,"What a waste, this game sucks as you cannot zoom out far enough to see what is going on with the battlefield.  You are also unable to customise the key bindings.  Very poor experience, after enjoying CoH1 for many years."
76561198044435367,Recommended,231430,9288087,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Chappeblood,"Great game, requires high mental acuity and endurance.Easy to learn, hard to master."
76561198035561313,Recommended,231430,13785794,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Knoxklay11,"As a long time fan of the franchise, CoH2 stays true to the old ""if it isnt broke, dont fix it"" adage. ive heard many people complain that the game is basically the same as the old CoH, just in a different theater of war and with different units etc. people also complain that sega turned the game into a pay-to-win DLC money grab, even though it absolutely is not because many of the stock generals that come with the game are arguably bettter than the ones you can buy in the store.  While it is true that the same mechanics and gameplay are for the most part still present, there are many, many new things added to the game that will change the experience of the game yet will not annoy old CoH veterans such as myself. For one thing, units will no longer have to tediously move around cover such as short walls or sandbags. now, they can just vault over it if you so desire them to, allowing you to get to the fight quicker as well as set up an ambush point. visibility through the fog of war is made much more realistic now. In the old CoH, units had a fixed circle of view that allowed them to see units even if they were behind a building. now, your view is obstructed if your unit is up next to a building or the enemy is behind smoke. The addition of new armies, generals, and units adds brand new ways to play and new strategies to utilize rather than the same 3 stock strategies available in the old CoH. It also includes a whole new campaign story featuring the soviet armies that is very engaging and fun to play. when THQ went under, many of us CoH fans had very grim expectations for the future of CoH, as well as the promised sequel that was to come. I didnt know what to expect when i heard SEGA was to take the reins. but now, i am happy to say that SEGA did a brilliant job in carrying the torch and keeping the franchise alive and thriving. if you are a fan of the series, RTS' in general, or just a WW2 buff in general, this game is definitelly worth the buy."
,Recommended,231430,14347643,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Commander Moist (SS Pz Div),I don't even own the game.  10/10  Would write a random reveiw again.
,Recommended,231430,17175945,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Eternal Edgy,"Here's how it goes:America vs OKW57 At Gun shoots at a KUBELWAGEN, we're talking about something used to destroy medium tanks against a CAR.Less than half damage done to it.8/8 realistic immersion"
,Recommended,231430,13435390,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Halo1m,"This is where I'd tell you about my Company Of Heroes 2, IF I HAD ONE!"
76561197993705176,Recommended,231430,29795439,Posted: 8 February,all,Shaun,"On the bad side, the campaign is weaker than the previous installment, which is a shame. A shift to the Eastern Front could have made for a very interesting story, but the campaign is overly dramatic, and contains generally uninteresting level design (with a few exceptions!).On the good side, the gamplay provides a couple of excellent improvements on Company of Heroes' with its line of sight system and slightly more fragile units. The Theatre of War mode is an excellent addition, which emphasises background history, unit management and unit preservation, making it in my opinion far superior to the campaign (and I suspect a lot less resource intensive to make). The expansion campaign, Adrennes Assault, appears to have learned from this and is also excellent.Overall I'd recommend the game, even for someone uninterested in multiplayer. The Soviet campaign isn't great, but there's a lot of good single player content there and some excellent gameplay additions."
76561198167050660,Recommended,231430,29647174,Posted: 2 February,all,Alexander,"Wonderful with many realistic features,I fully recommend it to anyone interested in the war"
,Not Recommended,231430,11353569,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,[|||] Magnum Force,"Yea, CoH 2...Forget it. If you are a huge fan of CoH 1, you won't feel satisfied with CoH2.Less and casual. That's what our Steam group says about CoH2. It's not a bad game, but only as long as you didn't get into CoH1, because you'll start to compare and feel betrayed."
76561198007932393,Not Recommended,231430,12533204,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,EZ Target,"CoH2 is everything the first one wasn't. That being crap. This is an expensive game that offers very little in return. It forces you to only play agressively. There are commanders that choose your skills instead of a skill tree. The better commander are all DLC. Defensive Commander are useless. As holding a zone is a waste of time and effort. Only two side unless you buy more DLC. The DLC only adds Americans. Mircomanagement is even greater then the first.If you love WW2 rts games then get the first CoH plus the addons. It is great and CoH2 isn't even close to it. They added to the game by removing everything great from the first. Again this game is not even worth it on sale. Less armies, skills and customisation then the first game in the series. What a large step backwards for a company up to this point made nothing but awesome."
,Not Recommended,231430,13025114,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Horrible4,"This was a bit of an impulse buy for me. It was on sale for 10 dollars, so I figured I would give it a go. Being a huge fan of the Real Time Strategy series, I've seen top ten lists with this game on it a few times. That combined with the positive reviews I was sold; ""It's a Real Time Strategy, it can't be boring"", oh, was I wrong.For the time I spent playing this game, I would of had more fun playing chess, the classic real time strategy. Maybe I'm over-exaggerating a bit. But the amount of hype that goes into this game, it should of been better, it should of gotten me hooked immediately and kept me playing for 10 hours in one sitting. I completed the first mission, and was left disappointed. This game is far outclassed, in my opion, by games like Order of War, World in Conflict, Command and Conquer, ect. I hate to say that I've played a RTS game I disliked, but this one I regret buying.I don't buy the arguement: ""Oh, you didn't play it enough"". I shouldn't have to play 2 hours into the game to start having fun. I purchased the game for the entertainment when I wanted it, not when the game wants me to have it. For an RTS game, I don't really feel in control. Map maneuvering is limited, the amount of units you can spawn is limited, there's no real strategy involved neither. It's just: Stay in cover, kill enemies, advance. I mean, I get the first level is supposed to be easy to teach you the basics, but shouldn't this be the one level they put a lot of time into? A level where they sink the hooks into the player? I don't believe this game deserves to be under the real time strategy genre, it's more an action game that's shared with Call of Duty rather than strategy."
76561197970377012,Not Recommended,231430,13721331,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,[LLC]3Peso,I don't get it. This game is brutally difficult for an old causal gamer like me. Why do these guys punish gamers who WANT to play it in easy? I mean EASY?! Is there some translation for the word in another language which I don't know?
76561198035637199,Not Recommended,231430,15363273,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,tornadopunk,don't buy this game if you a have slow pc or intermet
76561198105973634,Not Recommended,231430,16102183,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,pepeneo,"Bare Bones Game, created only to sell u more DLCOnly buy it on a 75% saleEdit: I forgot to add it has microtransactions alsoSo.... yay"
,Not Recommended,231430,17570351,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Pappa_bear,"Great game so far but the bugs, crashes and extra pay-to-play DLC makes me starting to wonder if the game was worth its money."
76561198020576701,Not Recommended,231430,12381317,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Cyn0sure,"THIS GAME RUNS SLUGGISH FOR THE MAJORITY OF ITS USERS. Or so it appears, reading the message boards for CoH 2. Me, I have an AMD Phenom II six-core CPU, a GeForce GTX 750 Ti graphics card, 8 GB of RAM, and Windows 7. So, I meet if not exceed the recommended system requirements for CoH 2. Even so, it runs sluggish for me, even on medium-low settings. I played it for 30+ hours, mostly single-player, then I finally got fed up with its crappy performance and I uninstalled it. Thankfully, I had bought it at a 75% discount, so it wasn't a big loss for me. (Although it was a big disappointment, considering how much I enjoyed the first CoH.) Even more thankfully, I didn't buy any of the overpriced and mostly superfluous DLC."
76561198015492973,Not Recommended,231430,13080935,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Ben,"I have purchased the game Ardennes Assault but ended up can't played COH2 since the launch of the new game.I have been encountering ""Steam Servers are too busy. Error Code 55"". This is very bad. Purchase the new game and ended can't play the old game. Please fix the error code 55. Have tried all the methods mentioned in the support forum but none of them works. Paying for this game is really waste of money."
76561198006402236,Not Recommended,231430,8553761,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Dim,I'd stick to the blitzkrieg MOD for CoH1.
76561197977445271,Not Recommended,231430,8555300,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Skandy,meh! boring. First one gave me goosebumps. This one made me angry. Lots of bugs and irritating cameplay. Avoid if you loved the first game
76561197992553676,Not Recommended,231430,12516876,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,HardeKern,"I was Expected The new COH version was better, but I am very very dissapointed. The UI, The not funny voices, The Details of the vehicles are Cartoonisch, To much nonsense of those Techtree cards, I miss the COH Feeling"
76561198037243515,Not Recommended,231430,12521550,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,GoD p@RTicle,"I can describe COH2 in one word: LAG. Its apalling that such an expensive game (bear in mind the cost of the zillion DLCs) have such an apalling multiplayer experience. A lot fo the games are laggy and simply unplayable. Inexcusable. You are better off playing COH1. I bought COH1 after I got frustrated with COH2 and I enjoyed COH1 a lot lot more. You are warned,"
,Not Recommended,231430,8548991,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Xenophon10k,"DLC ruins this game, but people should keep in mind that it's actually *Sega* who bought Relic, and is now *&^%ing up the game with nickle and dime (or rather, $5 and $10) DLC bull*^&% that basically makes this a free-to-play game, that costs $50. The evidence? Sega bought Creative Assembly and ruined the Total War franchise (which I have loved since Medieval 1) with DLC in the same way.You will almost never win multiplayer without purchasing the DLC (I, and two DLC-less friends, have won 1/15 matches playing the game since I bought it two days ago and we think it highly likely that the one victory was against three other players without DLC doctrines). To purchase enough DLC to stand a chance, you have to add upwards of $10 to this game's price tag. I paid $13.50 for this during the fall sale, and feel ripped off. I will personally not be giving Sega another dime of my money from here on out. They need to go bankrupt for this oligopoly crap, as do many other over-large developers, who enjoy purchasing and destroying the actually creative, mid-size developers, with creative and enjoyable franchises, that Sega, and others like Activision and EA, swoop in on to buy and then ruin with their cut-throat business practices.And the best part is that these corporations like Sega put an end to modding, which keeps a game fresh and worth playing for years after you tire of the vanilla game, because mods directly compete with DLC. Again, Sega has done this to both CoH and TW (The TW mod community used to be exceptionally vibrant before Sega had their way with it).tl;dr: Buy this for $5 or less, and only for the single player and co-op campaigns, because multiplayer is unplayable unless you want to drop another $20-50 on DLC, at full price. As a fan of the original (true) CoH franchise, this is extremely disappointing to me. The single-player campaign is fun enough, and had a solid amount of effort put into it, and I *want* to like this game because it has the potential to be one of the best WW2 RTSs, just like its predecessor, but ""Pay to win"" DLC does not make an entertaining experience for those of us without buckets of disposable income, or who wouldn't want to support such vile business practice even if we could afford to (I am in both categories)."
76561198019069329,Not Recommended,231430,10967653,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,paul.alison,"when game came out didnt get much support, and no way to change options till now and the game still has problems with certain graphics cards, would recommend men at war. company of heroes 1 was a lot better game"
76561198075009852,Not Recommended,231430,11010156,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,湿饼干,"This game has a very bad clarity. Skills of troops are hard to distinguish and this makes you have to read through the context to find out what the skill does. This is very annoying because you will waste your precious time at the key moment reading through redundant contexts. They could have had better, clearer artworks for the skills to solve this problem but they don't, because this game lacks of PvP value.A lot of aspects of the game are just confusing, much worse than those in COH1. I'm a fan of COH1 and I have to say COH1 is much easier to begin and much harder and funner to master. You can't play with style in COH2 because units are not balanced, skills are redundant and ineffective.Factions are not balanced and you will find out there are 80% axis players searching PvP games, meaning there are only 20% allies players. This game is all about effects, they basically upgraded the graphics, but speaking of game mechanism of PvP aspects, this game is the WORST RTS I've ever played. (Worse than warhammer, starcraft 1 and 2, red alert and COH1). Even if I bought this game when it's on sale, I still find it's not worth the money and I wish I didn't buy it.And the worst thing is, this game is a money grind cuz everything you want (everything that is op), needs you to pay for it. If you don't, the other players who bought those op commanders and stuff will wreck you without mercy."
76561198007230173,Not Recommended,231430,11479266,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,HUNTER,Autofit some idiots in the team fall .... and so the game rules
76561198051139026,Not Recommended,231430,13424543,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Pampas Grass,Online play is so fierce and everybody is a jerk you might as well just play Dota or something
76561198037081123,Not Recommended,231430,14871869,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Sinicalgary,"Unfortunatly this is another 10% game nickle and diming you to death.They are worse than EA!!One would think that buying the expansion pack would give you the armies in Skirmish mode but not the case, you can ONLY play those armies if you pay more money.Do not buy this game it will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off endlessly finding many features that are locked until you cough up another 21$. The game was fun and I likly would have played hundreds of hours... if I could play other armies in skirmish mode... But I can't because I refuse to pay another 50$ just to unlock 2 new armies.Even in campain mode they ask you to pick 4 companies... You can ONLY pick 3, unless you pay another 15$ to unlock the forth.There is no way to get new skins... Unless you pay.Its garbage this compay is garbage and I will not be buying incomplete games from them anymore."
,Not Recommended,231430,15330928,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Akasaki♪,"Filled with metas.Gross.4/10, Oberkommando is the most overpowered garbage i've ever seen."
76561198004505536,Not Recommended,231430,16219500,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,genvej1,You will pay alot of money for a webshop with alot of adds. I bought the game. Can play less than 20 % of the features
76561198000673492,Not Recommended,231430,16548220,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,!!Science!!,Meh
76561197968399495,Not Recommended,231430,8107547,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,woof,"After five years since the release of the original Company of Heroes, which was brilliant and well received by critics and gamers alike, Relic dropped this turd in the bowl.The original Company of Heroes continues to be fun and interesting because of its extensive mod community, which have produced hundreds of maps, dozens of extremely well done mods and numerous custom models for new units. The mods for CoH were a gold mine waiting to be harvested for fresh ideas, and instead Relic blundered on with their Dawn of War transformation, making CoH2 into even more of a click fest.Instead of a Real Time Strategy game (RTS), Relic is trying to make the CoH franchise into click-spamming tactical combat. The new game systems introduced in CoH 2 (winter snowstorms and cold, and now spring mud) are gimmicky, and not even very original. The idea of ice covering rivers and lakes that can be destroyed and re-form will be familiar to any RTS grognard from the Command & Conquer franchise.CoH2 offers less innovation than the original game, fewer customization options due to the disabled mod support (which might be re-enabled at some point in the future). The graphics should be better, but individual unit models are actually worse than CoH1 and its mods.Five years later we get a ""sequel"" with worse gameplay and graphics, and an overbloated ""store"" to buy pay-to-win items for competitive play. Epic fail."
76561198043114857,Not Recommended,231430,8983181,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,APACHE Scalping PaяtУ ᶠᶸᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ,Current patch has screwed the game quite a bit. More buggy than ever before after almost 2 years :(. VERY dissapointed to wait so long for a patch for little results. Still no new content going on almost a full calendar year :( Going downhill. Not enough maps (especially in team games and the ones taken that the community developed are trash/ utterly terrible!!! Game Developers only seem to listen to whining immature players on forums that only play in the 1 v 1 and 2 v 2 community to make their weird balance changes and leave out more than at least 60% (probably more) of their audience. Very sad. Still can be fun sometimes but certainly looking for a new game to play now.
,Not Recommended,231430,10852211,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,amunisi,"BEWARE you have to spare $$$ to buy commanders which should be given for free in da game :(It is Dota 2 but you have to pay to use spesific hero, LMAO."
76561198046722204,Not Recommended,231430,12979907,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Chocpoo,"Was a decent game, ruined by terrible devs.Why is there microtransactions from hell in a game THAT I PAID TOP DOLLAR FOR? Wow, I'd expect that from a f2p game but not Relic.  Cut out the cash grabs, make real expansions not trash slapped together with no substance, and maybee I'll buy your ""expansion"" that costs more than the game itself.... wait... no I won't,  Fuhggit.Very Positive Reviews? Are you nuts steam? Or is that a pay-for-positivity scam purchased by the devs? Open up the reviews, damn near all of them are negative, and rightly so, this game is trash, play the original. When are dev's going to realize that microtransactions from hell and charging an arm and a leg for trash ""expansions"" destroys your titles, let the community host the servers and give them a modding toolset, your game will be played and purchased forever.  Microtransactions and always online = death.Mediocrity personified, COH 2.  Move along, this isn't the RTS your looking for."
76561198123060893,Not Recommended,231430,13118645,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,sharpknight,it is an ok game to play. i bought it hoping that it would be a lot better i heard that they were making it to where you choose what you do in one of the early missions they said you could choose what to do you could blow up the only bridge out of the town and in doing so you would stop tanks from geting to moscow but you would have to leave some of your men behind i was hoping i could choose and what happend next would be from my choose but nope they blow the bridge you get no choose and it sucks. the main point in this is if you want to play a good ww2 strategy gama play the first coh it is cheaper and it is more fun there are still dlc you can buy but they are only around $10. moral of the story buy coh not coh2.
76561197983125555,Not Recommended,231430,13174049,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,☣ SpongeBob ☣,DLC... enough said :(
,Recommended,231430,17780789,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Hessian,Just all around great game there is no need to explain anything else 10/10
76561198007058131,Not Recommended,231430,13034249,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,UAxDEATH,"Game is horrible, to the point where you don’t want to play, who had (or probably didn’t had) brains, in one of the missions, you must win the fight by killing everything with tanks or vehicles. At the beginning sounds nice, but in first 10 mins of the game. Germans has Tigers and King Tigers and etc, and you have only ♥♥♥♥ing bare hands against them.......Are you even serious ??"
76561198065262755,Not Recommended,231430,13243515,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Nachocheezz,"This game was fun while learning it, but it has proven to be a massive undertaking of micromanagement.1.  Your units have absolutely no sense at all.  Any tactics you try to employ have to be micromanaged at levels of minutia that are unreal.  Especially vehicles.  I don't expect the game to play itself, but when I have a tank providing overwatch and another tank or unit closes in on it, I would expect my tank commander to turn the tank and put the frontal armor plus coax downrange against the enemy.  Doesn't happen.  Infantry aren't much better.  Then try to use effective pursuit and exploitation or retrograde and delay tactics against the enemy and it gets really painful.2.  While there are a variety of units overall in the game, the units are somewhat limited for each faction individually.There aren't a lot of other singular faults in the game, but I will say the first one I listed makes for very frustrated play.  This is not a strategy game, this is a pure and simple tactics game.  It was fun while I was learning it, but once I got the hang of everything I realized that my tactics could easily be outdone by the stupidity of individual units."
,Not Recommended,231430,13629823,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Jewishman,"If you like the original CoH, keep playing it. While its ok as an RTS CoH2 does not live up to it's predecessor and manages to be a bland and tedious attempt at recreating the original with what feels like the least amount of effort. From its maps, to its faction and building design, to its annoying new mechanics and extremely insulting cashshop and perk system CoH2 really isn't worth the insane amount of harddrive space it takes to play."
,Not Recommended,231430,13858564,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,CNBgamer,COH2 is kind of a waste of money because the base game dosn't have alot to it but with all the DLC witch I have purchased makes the game alot more fun but the point is that the game itslef does not have a large singleplayer and multiplayer functions are limited i recommend COH because it has far better gameplay and is more optional to what you would like to do.
76561198027001864,Not Recommended,231430,16066801,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Rinkashime Nokushimifu,"I currently cannot play most of the game as it is asking me to purchase everything, the only thing I can play is the tutorial which is very disappointing. Once I try and purchase something steam tells me that I already have purchased it, this goes in a loop again and again. I cannot recommend this game to anyone as I haven't played it but I have heard it is very good which is why I bought it. Mind you it doesn't mention anywhere that the campaigns come with the purchase so I am guessing that all you get when you buy this is the tutorial which simply is not worth £29.99, to be honest it has the contents of a demo."
76561198039622327,Not Recommended,231430,16397933,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,CrystalMethodist,"Awful. Go play the first game, it's much better."
,Not Recommended,231430,16759712,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Canniballistic,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME WITH THE POWER OF A THOUSAND SUNS WITH THE BUGGIEST ♥♥♥♥ING PATHFINDING AND GENERAL AI IN EXISTANCE
76561198042422946,Recommended,231430,29544610,Posted: 28 January,all,Appel - Selling Games.,"0/10, not enough Japan.It has some great mods tho"
76561198008319659,Recommended,231430,2498703,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Halcyon,"If you were ever watching a documentary about eastern front with open mouth, then this game is for you."
76561198005488620,Not Recommended,231430,8792282,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Cygnet,"Sadly, a good game has been gutted by enless DLC to buy.  If you thought the Tyranids from DoW2 or the Red Army came on in limitless numbers, wait until you see the waves of DLC for skins and officers and more that pour forth.  And worse, they locked it tight to try and prevent modders from simply adding skins.Edit: Ironically, somehow they made undoing al this even worse.  While I like now that the material is avalible to everyone, the sheer rarity of hte drops and the fact you can get things you already have (but cannot trade them) is nail bitingly frustraiting."
76561198008082118,Not Recommended,231430,9952384,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Von Seiter,"This game repeatedly crashes my quad core tower with ATI graphics, including repeated blue screens of death. All Windows 7 updates were installed. This is a first in that I have run the entire Total War series and the original Company of Heros without incident.Even at $13+. this game is arguably still over-priced. Don't waste your money. Even if you get it to run more than a few minutes without crashing your system, you'll be hard pressed to do much without spending more money to unlock critical features. This is the first negative experience I've had with a Steam purchased game.!!!BE WARNED AND AVOID THIS GAME!!!"
76561198066205130,Not Recommended,231430,11198366,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,malmborgaj,"I was really dissapointed with this game when it came out after expecting so much.  It does have some pretty neat changes and concepts not perfected ones at this time.  If the people that made mods like Blitzkreig, BOTB and N44 get a hold of this it may be worth the time."
76561198007141544,Not Recommended,231430,11274366,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Rorrs,"Pure disapointment from a true CoH fan. I loved that game but CoH2 has simply ruined the franchise. Im sure there are many other reviews nameing why, go read them.You may as well buy CoH, its probably cheaper and you'll have more fun playing it."
,Not Recommended,231430,12323831,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Koksal Baba,The game is excellent.Sublime.I don't even mind the DLCs now that Relic added new things that allows me to ''full game'' without grinding and leveling.But it just the fact that it so heavy it lags on even gaming machine of the year 2000 something that i can't expect my rig to run it with no problem.This review does not mean to discourage people to not buy the game.Instead encouraging to upgrade your pc or buy a new one before playing this game.
,Not Recommended,231430,15255113,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,POINTY,I wasn't aware that buying CoH2 would not allow me to do skirmish games - bit of a scam actually and do feel ripped off.
76561197971556261,Not Recommended,231430,9370892,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,[XIII]Seaplace,"The Single player campains are immersive and good, the graficks look  really great. However the units die lie flies, and the AI is cheathing blatently in Skirmish mode. My friend and I logged more then 600 hours in Coh and play it still. This dont compare to the old Coh at all.The commander idia is good, but quickly turn into a cash mashine, which is neither fun or viable for many.I think the Theater of war was good, but needed for more Coop missions- never mind the damn skirmishes which are wildly broken.Artilelry are far far too good, mashing whole elite squads in 1 hit, and while realistic, the price of the troops make it a frustrating game exerince.Sadly I conclude that Coh2 simply did not live up to Coh 1 and unless you find it as a good Steam offer and dont plan on wasting money on DLC commanders and skins I cant reccomend it."
76561197972750061,Not Recommended,231430,10750121,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ruggo *B2Z*,"The short and the skinny on this game is that the developers have moved way to far from the original gameplay in COH.  Doesn't suit my gaming style.  And the DLC, the plethora of DLC does my head in."
76561198017695296,Not Recommended,231430,12099672,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,gladiator_1,I would NOT buy this game!  Steam has the game and all of its various facets set up so that we as consumers can be nickle and dimed to death.  You should be able to buy the game and maybe one or two additional upgrades that include everything else so that you dont continue getting confused and spending more and more and more money for enhancements that you thought you already purchased.  So then a person goes to play a part of the game that he or she wants to play only to find out that you have to shell out more money on an enhancement that you thought you owned already.
76561198159723659,Not Recommended,231430,13109313,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,yusufhadian123,cant play as the russians sucks !
76561197993292782,Not Recommended,231430,13287514,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,captainCheese,"Wait until everything is on 90% off steam sale.  Moneygrabbing dlc not worth it, might as well buy the first COH."
76561198044679713,Not Recommended,231430,13676135,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,m.soltys90,Poor sequel of the first coh - it's sad.
76561197969802650,Not Recommended,231430,15283041,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Kolbe,"absolutely not.  IT has so many bugs and I have been screwed by Steam.  I d/l the soviet campaign, have it in my DLC, and when I try to launch it, it tells me I have to purchase AGAIN."
76561198090573911,Not Recommended,231430,16742887,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Dog Man,alot of crashing since the last update was good til than
76561198023158929,Not Recommended,231430,17016853,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Your white God,"Игра не понравилась.Компания в этой игре не имеет ничего общего с реальной историей. Вымышленные кровавые комиссары (будь-то только в СССР был военный трибунал...) и глупые солдаты - это типичный пример американских сказок в этой игре (не удивлен, что эта игра запрещена к продаже в российских магазинах).На реальную историю можно закрыть глаза (это просто игра, и разработчики могли просто никогда не интересоваться историей СССР, не читали исторических документов, и, может, они даже не видели ни одного советского фильма о войне...), но баланс игры просто ужасен (особенно сетевой режим). Немецкие саперы благополучно убивают советских и американских солдат, теряя всего 1-2 человек. Тигры первой модификации (и ИС-2) вы можете заказать только один, а Королевские Тигры без ограничений! И цена Королевских тигров не намного больше, чем цена Тигра. Танки Шерман и Т-34 имеют скорость Пантеры, и имеют цену, как Пантеры (хочу отметить, что кожаные сидения в немецких танках не помогли им справиться с своетской техникой, лол)Дополнительные доктрины также имеют недостаток. Например доктрина партизан. Цена партизан равна цене новобранцев, но урон, который они наносят меньше, и меньше очков жизни. Если бы партизаны могли появиться в любом месте на карте - они были бы актуальны (как немецкие парашютисты).Советую игру не покупать, но если очень хочется, то только со скидкой.Not like the game. The company in this game has nothing to do with real history. Fictional bloody commissioners (whether it's a military tribunal was only in the USSR...) and stupid soldiers - is a typical example of American fairy tales in this game (not surprised that this game banned to be sold in Russian stores).On the real story you can close your eyes (it's just a game, and the developers could just not interested in the history of the USSR, have not read the historical documents, and perhaps they haven't even seen a single Soviet film about the war...), but the game balance is just terrible (especially network mode).German sappers safely kill Soviet and American soldiers, losing only 1-2 people. Tiger first versions (and ИС-2) you can only order one, and Royal Tigers with no restrictions! And the price of Royal Tigers not much more than the regular Tiger. Tanks Sherman and T-34 have the speed of a Panther, and have a price as  tanks Panther (I note that the leather seats in the German tanks, not helped them to cope with Soviet technology, lol).Additional doctrines also have a flaw. For example the doctrine of the guerrillas. Price partizan equal to the price of recruits, but the damage they have less, and less hit points. If the guerrillas could appear anywhere on the map - they would have been relevant (as German paratroopers).Suggest a game not to buy, but if you really want, only at a discount."
,Not Recommended,231430,17495060,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Waah,"Matchmaking is broken, always against people with prestige or double rank, why can't I play against people with the same rank? Game is quite buggy and crashes often despite it running better than CoH 1. On top of all that, it is heavily micro transaction oriented even though you have to pay a base price for the game.CoH 1 > CoH 2, sadly.One last thing, why is there no reconnect?"
76561198109769986,Not Recommended,231430,17549266,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,swaqqnugget,Way to much money for way to little and the germans feel op. I have yet to win a game as the russians
76561197988151095,Not Recommended,231430,1160876,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,rodent,"frustrating  >  satisfyingthe above was written a few weeks after the games official release...after some time, consideration, updates, modifications and some more time; i f*cking hate this f*cking game and would love NOTHING more than a refund or credit, even partial.i hate this f*cking game, complete waste of time,"
,Not Recommended,231430,8127929,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Parfa,"If you want a game that feels like a retail game, Company of Heroes 1 is a bigger bang for your buck. CoH2 gives the sad impression of a 'free to play' game, because atleast 50% of its content requires you to pay more money.Gameplay wise, CoH1 is more solid, but CoH2 can also be fun at times... I still vote for CoH1 nonetheless."
,Not Recommended,231430,8464533,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Etherlight,"After spend some time on men of war series between COH and COH2, this game is just too simplified and unrealistic in comparison. The graphical eye candies can only hold your interest for so long and then the gameplay just pales in comparison. The story is more involved than COH, however the way Russia is portrayed makes me wonder where are the heroes mentioned in the title? Seems both sides are prorated as vilians in this game. Overall cannot really recommend this one. Men of war is better in every aspect and is way cheaper."
76561198020700623,Not Recommended,231430,10831611,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Maelmir-RC,"Feels like a dlc to the first game, with enviromental effects added."
76561198024013693,Not Recommended,231430,12154220,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Kaboose,One of the very worst menu and interface systems i have ever seen. The game is buggy bloated and slow. Yuk
,Not Recommended,231430,12575070,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,MeanderingBeing,"This is a review that has been a long time coming that, admittedly, I have been avoiding. I admit that I really, really, REALLY wanted to like this game. Unfortunately, Relic, a company known for strategy greats such as the Homeworld series and the Dawn of War series, really failed to deliver with Company of Heroes 2. I recall how excited I was to be involved with the beta, and how much anticipation I had when I preorded the special edition (or whatever they call it), only to begrudgingly drag myself through the campaign and make a few vain attempts to play the multiplayer. But anywho, on with the data points.CoH2 is ripe with phenomenal presentation. The old opening was absolutely, absurdly epic, with the tanks and infantry charging over the Volga and engaging german forces, which was seamlessly rendered real time by the game's engine, and the menu fading onto the screen. The cutscenes were also pre-rendered by the game's engine, and were similarly gorgeous in their presentation. Sadly, that is also where the game really started to fall short.Ultimately, the game felt like so much effort was focused on presentation that everything else was neglected. The story in the single player campaign was written poorly, and really just felt like ""Enemy at the Gates, The Game,"" and had about as much historical authenticity as Star Wars or any other thing totally irrelevant to World War II. The missions were lackluster, and limited players to the canned strategy the developers wanted them to use, which ultimately punished players for using their own strategies and tactics. For example, in one mission, where you have to assault a castle with IS-152s, the game starts literally removing units from the field if you take more than a certain amount of time, which it doesnt inform you of until after it starts removing your units from the map. The end result was a anticlamactic, borderline xenophobic campaign that spends more time demonizing Russians than it does actually allowing solid game-play.The multiplayer was, amazingly, far worse than the campaign. In comparison, the multiplayer side of CoH2 made the campaign tolerable. It lacked any degree of both balance and authenticity, resulting in gameplay heavily biased towards higher ranked players and the German units. Fortunately, the ""progression"" system has recieved an overhaul, but I will touch base with the relatively recent changes later in my review.While, personally, I've been an adamant promoter of realism and authenticity in games, decrying ""balance"" as a thinly veiled attempt to simplify and dumb-down games to make them more palatable for broader demographics, I still feel like an attempt to ""balance"" CoH2 could go a long way. With the German units being vastly superior to their Soviet counterparts in almost every way, the odds are stacked against any player who plays on the Soviet team. Multiplayer games have subsequently been reduced to the German team producing an absurd quantity of Panzer IVs, Panthers, and Tiger tanks while the Soviet Team desperately spamming Su-85s and Gaurds infantry in the hopes of stopping the superior German armor from stomping all over the map. In one on one combat, regardless of abilities used or not, Soviet units are simply incapable of standing up to their equivelent German counterpart in the game, a problem which is further exacerbated as army sizes and engagements grow.Which brings me to the elements of authenticity, or rather, lack-thereof, in the game. The armor modeling system used for tanks in the game is woefully incomplete (not to mention incorrect), especially when compared to the first Company of Heroes or even War Thunder's system. German Panzers absorb damage as if they had 120mm Glacis Plates, and Soviet armor might as well be tin foil. Again, this is a problem further exacerbated by how poorly ""balanced"" the game is, with the majority of German infantry being cabable of fielding anti-armor weapons of some sort or another such as Panzerschreks and Panzerfausts, where-as the Guards Soviet unit get access to totally ineffective AT guns (PTRS-41s, to be specific) that are totally pointless against even STuGs, and even those units are only available to certain commanders.  Furthermore, when comparing how weapons work in the game compared to their real-life counterparts, you'll find that the game is almost hilariously innacurate. For example, the 40mm main guns on the Soviet T-70 light tanks does practically no damage to any medium or heavy armored unit in the game, while the 40mm AT gun fielded by the Germans will utterly annihilate anything and everything that stumbles into its field of fire, short of a Tiger or Ferdinand. Similarly, the 40mm gun pods on a Ju-87 Stuka Gustav-Drei (called in for the German Air Support Gun Run ability) will wreck everything in its path, but the 37mm cannons in the IL-2 Sturmovik (called in for the Soviet Air Support gun run ability) will only deal a fair amount of damage to infantry, and squat against armor. You read that right, weapons of the same or similar calibers behave totally different depending on which army is fielding them!Ultimately, it all comes down to the game falling far short of expectations, and limiting gameplay, both in single and multiplayer, to only a few viable strategies that always seem to lean heavily in the German's favor. The strong German bias in gameplay mechanics, the xenophobic demonization of Russian troops and culture in the story writing, and hilariously innacurate protrayal of weapons and machinery results in an unpleasant albeit very well presented pile of vomit. Company of Heroes is the only game where I can honestly say that I want my time and money back, and this is after trying on three seperate occasions (many months apart) to sit down, enjoy, and like this game.All that being said, and in an effort to give credit where credit is due, I do feel like Relic is (finally) making an effort to rectify a few of these issues. While still persisting in spamming DLCs as other reviews have noted, they have returned some of the content back to the original game for its original price and allowed everyone the chance to get all the commanders and vehicle skins without having to shell out 60+ USD. They've also overhauled the progression system, allowing everyone to get the same abilities without having to grind for them hopelessly as the Level 40-something player on the other team uses his 10% building speed bonus to spam one power unit or another and crushing you with little to no oppostion. While I gave up on any hope on seeing the German and Soviet armies being either authentic or balanced after the first five patches that promised to ""fix"" the balance, I  have heard talk that the introduction of new armies in the upcoming Western Armies (or whatever it is called) DLC will force them to rework the lack of balance in the game. Hopefully, when I give this game another try in six months, it may be worth playing, but as it stands now... Well, in an effort not to curse anyone out, I'll just say that it's garbage."
76561198149586407,Recommended,231430,17076559,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,TheVulture,"In my opinion, the best strategy game ever"
76561198036592740,Not Recommended,231430,4404114,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Наказыватель3000,bu-llsh-it
76561198044812761,Not Recommended,231430,5077225,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Jinx,Not as good as the first one.This game has less features than the first game. There is less units and the combat is almost like an old school RPG with the HP bar above the units. Hitting Inf with a tank will do almost nothing.The AI will run around shooting at each other with no tact at all.Company of Heroes one is a great game this is not.I like to give games a solid chance. But for this game 9 hours was 8.30 hours way to much!Do not buy this game! Buy Company Of heroes one
,Recommended,231430,9947444,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,[MeFi] smaxiam,"Got mixed reviews when it came out, but well worth the $15 you might get it for on sale. At least as much fun as the original CoH, and runs fine on my system. Good fun playing co-op."
76561198009345196,Recommended,231430,9946480,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,velasque,"One of the best RTS games ever made, developers constantly update the game and most of the dlc are balanced and will not give an unfair advantage, the game has been improved in almost every aspect compared to its predecessor."
76561198028899767,Recommended,231430,10074578,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Ser Rommel,"Strategy. strategy and strategy!!! This is Company of heroes 2.Company of heroes 2 is an exciting, unique in its style title, as the previous chapter company of heroes 1. Manufacturers with the latest patches have been shown to hold this title. And although the abundant amount of existing DLC is huge. They can easily be bought at discounts :D. With the introduction of the expansion ""Western Front Armies"" was added what was missing. Aside from staying small things that need to be improved, the game is gorgeous :). Thanks to reliq, only those who know the game like me who play a lot this title may criticize him.  Whatever this a great job!"
76561198043272960,Recommended,231430,10367513,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,C2,I love this game
76561198007014173,Not Recommended,231430,10009157,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,[BBQ] Cabau,"This game should've just been a stand-alone expansion as well , although I suppose in a way it is -- just with a ridiculous price tag.... so bad compared to the first one ..."
76561197976901950,Recommended,231430,9934962,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,GiddyGoat,A brilliant WW2 strategy game that is constantly being improved by developers and the community. What more could you want!
,Recommended,231430,18050366,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Jaeger Drachen,"this is a mixed review....but recomended....as of today i have 547+ hours on record....i highly recomend this game....with teh addition of west german...USF and the brits....the game is beyond fantastic and utterly worth every penny put into it....i love it to death it has alot of the old feeling with it..from the original..just alot more updated...a bit has been changed....but not a whole lot.....that being said.....many believe the axis are overpowered...i am one to believe...but with the brits having been added the axis vs allied matches are more common and more on equal ground......that being said..(pattern....) the USF have alot to be desired.....there jackson is amazing.....the priest is ok.....the shermans.....unless your going easy eight spam..dont want the time buying them......the infratry is good....amazing when massed you can easily win a game running USF infratry only if you use your brain.....but without heavies there armor core leave alot ot be desired.....the axis have alot of defences and amazing tanks...russia doesnt have many good defences,...if any..but there arty and there ability to produce tanks....and there infratry are amazing.......the british have a mixture of allied abilities with axis might...there defences tanks and infratry are outstanding and if your smart enough..and ;plan hard enough..when you dig in with the brits...it will take extreme might to dig you out....i very much recomend this game..and all the added groups to its multiplayer..its constantly expanding its constantly growing...and it is well worth it...."
76561198016602432,Recommended,231430,9955522,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Hauptgruppenführer Hans,"YES, it am good11/10"
76561198007030441,Recommended,231430,9787083,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,(Shu) Zhuge Liang,good game
,Not Recommended,231430,9922239,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Scizor_g45,Vaag kutspel
76561197973711907,Recommended,231430,16908556,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Boldicus Mantious,"Company of Heroes 2Game is GreatBusiness Model Terrible.The balance of the game changes with every single patch.auto match games 80% German most of the time.Community Loves the Germans, Relic loves Germans.This review is mainly about the community, They are TOXIC you say GG they say Noob.You win the game as allies they go to the forum crying about them being too strongYou have 3 squads moving as one they call you blobber. Then charge their 5 squads all equipped with panzershreks at you.Now relic won't even let you swear. you say F*** you Its changed to Garden you.But the thing is about this game, you win as allies beating the Germans into the ground steal their OP MG42 equipping your men with stolen panzershreks.And nothing is more glorious, listening to the rage of someone who probably only players German all the time.Nothing is greater on this game than beating the Germans into the ground and watching them get mad."
76561198038956047,Recommended,231430,9970267,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Chompy,"Great game, well above average. However, the performance and at times the balance are a bit frustrating."
76561198059252098,Recommended,231430,9981013,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Timathius,"In terms of new gameplay elements there has been very little change from the original EXCEPT the revolutionary snow and ice system which makes me feel VERY immersed (especially the really cool 3d tracks and footprints in deep snow!!!).The graphics have been improved quite a bit, but dont expect Bf4!Some dissapointmants though :(A. something which has hindered by plans of beautiful scenes of mass destruction since CoH 1 through to 2; POP CAP. I know why its there but cant there at least be an option to remove, lower or raise it??B.not enough building options and I think its lacking slightly in content overall (hopefully helped by western front dlc), plenty of maps and missions but not enough units and other gameplay features+ very limited moddingOVERALL a great game which keeps me coming back for one more suicidal charge of penal infantry again and again.If you played CoH 1 or are a fan of bangs, smoke, explosions and other gruesome things this is a must have!"
76561198013050497,Recommended,231430,9959070,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Araltes,"It's a good game. The reason why it gets so many negative reviews is because it's not as good as its predecessor, but compared to most RTS, it's better."
,Not Recommended,231430,26105739,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,JeremyX,I have been playing this game for quite a lot of time... many updates have taken place.. but they were all sortof empty.. a gigantic bias for the new British forces.. they outrun.. outfight.. shoot everything to pieces.. there is no more fair play in Multiplayer. Americans are reasonble balanced.. Soviets are too.. but this game is just utter garbage... I loved the first versions.. although the devs have given up on this.. and made it a low priority game.
76561198024347930,Recommended,231430,9184411,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Cwazzziieee Cupcakezz,Game is Awesome. OK!?! just play it.
,Recommended,231430,10917458,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,BuggetNuster,You never thought you could hold so much anger against an AI until you've played this game.
76561197981350872,Recommended,231430,14567586,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,EmperialToast,"I want to stop everyone right now and say, THE GAME IS VERY GOOD. While I love CoH1 I love CoH2 even more. Yes they have a DLC policy that doesn't please, but they need to turn a profit. Without profits, there is no company. They work hard, and should be paid in relation to that. And they've gone back on a lot of that by making commanders and skins obtainable randomly through matches, which is AMAZING. THANK YOU RELIC. The gripe I believe everyone has about this game (without knowing it), is not gameplay, balance, factions, DLCs, matchmaking... IT'S RNG! If you don't know what RNG is, then let me explain. All these kinds of games, RPGs, RTSs, anything where your actions have numbers involved, has an internal Random Number Generator (RNG). It's like this, when your shock troops fire, they ""roll the dice"" in hopes to HIT the enemy, and then ""roll"" again to determine how much that hit will do DAMAGE wise. And when the enemy, in retaliation, throws a grenade at you, you roll again to see how much of that damage will be ""avoided"". Usually programmers implement a range for hit chance, damage chance, evasion chance. For example a full vet troop will have let's say a 15% chance per fire to hit the enemy (all those sniper misses that ENRAGE people, this is because of RNG) and within that 15% chance to hit, you have a chance to do 10-15 damage (when for no reason, your troop dies faster than usual, it's the RNG gods smiling on your enemy) and when you are attacked, you have a chance to ""avoid"" damage (like when you have an OSTWIND, sitting on an engineer and they take no damage, and casually walk away). The problem with all this doesn't lie with RNG itself. I fully understand that it adds a bit of spice to the whole thing. The problem is, and relic you really need to listen on this one, the problem is YOUR RNG IS COMPLETELY FK'D UP. When I had an AT gun shoot 7 times in a row and bounce 7 times in a row on the side and rear of a Panther... WE HAVE A PROBLEM. When I throw a grenade and the noob doesn't move, and takes NO DMG, but when he throws his molotov and instantly kills 2 people... WE HAVE A PROBLEM. When you have short range (shock troops) killed at short range by a panzerfusilier (long range)... WE HAVE A PROBLEM. I cannot count how many times i've lost games almost ENTIRELY due to RNG (the opposit happens too, but it's no fun, it's like playing with cheats, it totally ruins the essence of the game). The worst is when you can tell the other person has no clue how to play the game (stays in red cover, doesn't move away from grenades, doesn't understand range effectiveness, and positioning) and they still win because of the COMPLETELY BROKEN RNG. Tone down the RNG ranges, and you will see massive POSITIVE changes. You can't fix balance, matchmaking or any of that until this RNG business is under control."
76561198068126213,Recommended,231430,20958443,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,FOOTYAD,amazing
76561198123685570,Recommended,231430,14128349,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Augusto,its a good game
76561198013782582,Recommended,231430,10808669,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,El viejo Paulino,l3g1t as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,231430,10816562,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,DEUS VULT,Yes.
,Recommended,231430,8327542,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Lucy,"I like it, smooth, sometimes really hard and the hardware requirements are ok for this nice game."
,Recommended,231430,21797588,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Fuyumi the Forlorn,mmmm this some good♥♥♥♥♥♥hmmm this some good stuff right here boy
76561198030604315,Recommended,231430,8815322,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Ghostrider,"Company of Heroes 2 is a good follow up for the COH Franchise. The COH2 Interface is markedly different from the original, and takes a little getting use to but is well worth it. If you do decided to buy COH2, then the DLC packs are a must if you are into single player or co-op gaming.With this being said, I waited until a Steam sale and purchased the ""Company of Heroes 2 - Digital Collector's Edition"" (which includes some DLC co-op content) for $39.95."
76561198119090215,Recommended,231430,9096084,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Roanoke,Just give the Germans the shocker and you'll be good.
,Recommended,231430,9394800,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Ginga Densetsu Weed,"Wicked fun, y'all."
76561198108084208,Recommended,231430,17389732,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,dylan 67,this is a really good game just wish the germans werent so OP....it makes it kinda boring after a while but other than that its a great game...7.5/10 would reccomend
,Recommended,231430,17846768,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Vorala,Welsh Sappers.Irish Commandos.Scottish Sniper.English Riflemen.What's not to like?
,Recommended,231430,15814079,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,RoBo #eezee-pezee,"I love good graphic type startegy games, in strategy COH2 is one of my favourites."
,Recommended,231430,14073463,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Spiderfork,BUT THIS GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥
76561198024362746,Not Recommended,231430,14465538,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Hillmanata,Loved CoH and couldn't wait for the second one. Now it's here its really dissapointing. Too much Payable DLC that make its a very 'pay to win' game.The sides are so unbalanced allies have no chance against the germans and the matchmaking system proves it when 90% of the people looking for a game are on the german side. German tanks are too OP.Game needs a rebalance
76561198107669471,Not Recommended,231430,15869666,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,FernandoIT@,"In Company of Heroes 2 when you reach level 100 it starts from 1 again with the prestige +1, I dont like it, I think it's a bad thing, I prefer to play other games then.if i knew before i didn't waste 400 hours playng to it,is the stupidest thing happened to me since i play,i want my money back,the only good thing is that i'll save 60 € from the next CoH 3."
76561198035377986,Recommended,231430,14262655,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Lord Redbeard,"I sincerely feel like this game could be the best RTS of all time. I love the historical accuracy with all of the units and how they work, and I really like the destructible environments and epic battles.This game has some really glaring weaknesses though that keep it from being the masterpiece that it truly could be:1. 75% or more of the players online play as axis only, and the reason why is that the Axis are OP, mainly because of theiramazingly strong super heavy tiger and king tiger tanks. If Relic nerfed the axis, or, better yet, got rid of their OP super heavy tanks, the game would be much better. Needless to say I mostly play as Russians and the USF, and to add to balance problems, the USF still aren't as strong as they should be.2. Horrible matchmaking. It took me 10 minutes to find a game, and when I did it was with a level 95 player... and I'm level 40. I suppose part of this is because of the relatively small player base, but still, they could use some work.3. For DLC I love the idea of skins, but why limit it to tanks? If Relic made new infantry skins, they'd make more money. However, I'm completely against the DLC commander idea. Why? Because in many ways its pay to win. ""Oh but you can unlock them ingame"". Rare commanders tend to be the best, and I've only unlocked 1 the whole time I've played. People who spend money on the game tend to do better because of the DLC commanders.So overall, I love the game, but I have some key issues with it that I just mentioned. This game has the potential to be a masterpiece, but some really stupid things have reduced its awesomeness. I sincerely hope that Relic fixes all the issues with the game, and with their plans for the future like adding new factions and campaigns, I look forward to what will come: PLZ PLZ PLZ add Italians and Brits!Overall: 8/10"
76561197996637084,Recommended,231430,14452496,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Rust-Head,It´s like Red Alert.... just better.
,Recommended,231430,11027869,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Pep,Can't even win from easy bots with 2 of my friends.10/10
,Recommended,231430,243920,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,KoSKoRRo,
,Recommended,231430,9174486,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Twisted,"What this NEEDS to be recommended...?It's far more intense than CoH and the Russians bring in a very different play style.  Some nice game engine improvements and lots of options for improving your army as you play more.  While CoH1 is still on my HDD and I still play it often,  CoH2 is also infinitely replayable and worth the time and money invested."
76561198166960896,Recommended,231430,14539153,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,PmanSweg,"If you enjoy RTS you will love this game. Crushing your enemys is the best feeling in the world. The online comunity is great, and so is the WW2 theme. Learning to play game by game, slowly getting better and learning your play style, what troops you like, and helping your team is amazing. Highly recomend this game, I think its the best RTS game on the market. P.S. you dont need to buy the western armys to enjoy this game, all teams are equaly balanced and no team is better, its just personal prefrece."
,Not Recommended,231430,15922441,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Fill Thee Cash Well,"If you already have the first game, you're not missing out on much other than different missions and annoying pay to play combat content for multiplayer.Gold commanders can be purchased to add variety to your gameplay strategy. Multiplayer community is kill."
76561198084032274,Not Recommended,231430,13728762,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Frederick Der Große,this game just wants your money and nothing else the piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ i bought dlc and nothin happened.
76561197970218259,Not Recommended,231430,11126281,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,TOM-SP,I can't play. Every time ask me to purchase but I just have purchased...
76561198122273730,Recommended,231430,15414496,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Davidoff1987,greatest stratigy game ever
76561198040734600,Recommended,231430,20929809,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Grim_002,"This game is fun and intense, but it also have it's cons, and I'm too lazy to write it down."
,Not Recommended,231430,21652549,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ryan,"Not a really good successor. I played CoH1 a very long time with BKmod and enjoyed very much.CoH2:Pro.: New Gamemechanics (winter, diffrent terrain)-Spotting mechanic- new SFX and Sounds- recapturing vehicle (dismount and mounting)- airsupport mechanicNeg.:- no good Mod support or possibility- the new command tree is a step back (you can choose between 3 select commanders/CoH1 you could choose doctrines)- bases cant fully destroyed- the new ranking/unlock system is boring and tries to expand the gameplay- less units (SPG's, Tank Hunters, AA tanks etc.)- units aren't build in building anymore, they are spawned out of the map now (reduce tactical advantage of the British Trucks f.e.)- less structures (missing the really strong bunkers, Flak18's, mortar bunkers, pantherturm, defence structures of Coh1 etc.)- no fearful attacks anymore (V1 f.e.) yeah railgun is fun but not so hard like an V1 or FirestormIf CoH2 had no Spearhead mod I wouldnt play it todayMods are required for this game for me, otherwise it is more like an arcade game without a funfactor"
,Recommended,231430,30457127,Posted: 11 March,all,coolkid2137,"is not a game that you can call easy but it also is a game where you need to be constantly active. Every second in this game counts because it is all going on at the same time(so not a roleplay game). The game itself is fun but get repetitive pretty fast if the game goes on for a long time. I recommend this game ONLY to people that take games seriously and has the ability and the IQ to decide on smart decisions. You should also have the ability to conserve things like money because its not easy to get. (not really money but it is pretty simular to it) ANYONE THAT HAS S**T IN THERE HEAD CAN IGNORE THIS GAME COMPLETLY!!!! im not saying that to be rude or to offend anyone but this game is like that. If you really think you have what it takes, then by all means. Try it out"
76561198006763847,Not Recommended,231430,21548684,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Mlukvai,"Probably one of the most unique RTS/RTT games, with fun, captivating and difficult gameplay. Unfortunately you need to spend additional money on DLC to be relevant in the PVP scene, and after release development is severly lacking, in patching/bugfixing, game balance and optimisation. Especially optimisation..Do NOT buy this game without a high end PC."
76561198275415710,Not Recommended,231430,21520028,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,HITLER DANK,"dont buy it, full of expensive dlc"
,Recommended,231430,21517157,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Racist Duck,"It is a great Game I love it and I wouldnt say its pay 2 win, it has the factors but some of the commanders you get for free is better and its fun but if you want all the good dlcs and everything wait for it to go on sale like the one for valetimes, $15 for all the dlc and yea. Good Game but alot of stuff is overpriced but I just wait till sales and you will be good and it is steam. Welcome to memes"
76561198085025196,Not Recommended,231430,25918973,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Dragonpie95,"Poor balancing, doesn't seem as refined as the original company of heroes."
,Recommended,231430,23775012,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kinewrath,"+First of all this is the kind of game a history frantic like myself would choose to fulfill his need of an authentic Eastern Front RTS .--The graphics are as good as RTS gets , mechanics are old school and the multiplayer is unforgiving.--The multiple Theaters of War are a must buy for a realistic operational approach of different engagements during the Eastern Front's most proeminent battles.--The single player is faulty , the story is made up in ahurry , there are alternatives though , The Ardennes Assault DLC offers a gorgeous campaign of the German Winter Counteroffensive during the Battle of the Bulge.= One of the best RTS-s our gaming generation has witnessed."
76561198076257991,Recommended,231430,23756233,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Samulus,"Had this beautiful game since it launched where at first it wasn't half as good as it is now. After constant, intelligent patching and balance tweaks, this game is now a refined masterpiece.If you love WW2, get this game. If you love RTS titles, get this game. If you love realism and random chance gameplay, get this game. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED.I have put hundreds and hundreds of hours into CoH2 and have enjoyed every moment thoroughly. Easily one of the greatest games of all time, thank you Relic."
76561198005958116,Recommended,231430,31477383,Posted: 30 April,all,Col_E_Striker,Best RTS ever
76561198056096151,Recommended,231430,23825800,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Your Tovarisch Uncle Joey,"I'd have to sit in a Russian Trench and cake my PC in the snow before I could play this game on Ultra without my PC burning a hole straight to chinaAuthentic Russian WW2 Experience> Shoot Tsars in Head> Retreat Out Of WW1> Sign Questionable Non-Aggression Pact With Even More Questionable Man> Cannibalize Border States With Germany, Germany Friends Now> Operation Barbarossa Ensues, Germany Not Friends Now> Winter is Coming Cheeki Breekis> Send Hundreds of Men To Die in Realistic USSR Blobs, But Everytime I get more Vets> Halfway Game and Vets are stronk, the counter-attack begins> T-34s, T-34s Everywhere> Germans On The Retreat, In Soviet Army, German Equipment Mine Now> Beat Germans Back To Base> Nowhere To Retreat For Germans, Begin Operation Blob V2, No suffering, only historical necessity now> Germans Crushed> Germans March In Moscow For My Amusement> Praise The Man Of Steel Stalin> Nazis Sent To The Dustbin Of History> Splitting Of Berlin between US and Russia> Antics Ensue"
,Not Recommended,231430,32173281,Posted: 4 June,all,leerush,>hundreds of dollars in microtransactionscancer game get the first one
76561197970556535,Not Recommended,231430,25984494,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Greek Anal Sex,"Improvement on the original, but the price and DLC model is broken.  I can literally play against 3 factions that I can't play as without forking over more money. Absurd."
,Recommended,231430,25996289,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Shehzadem,Snow and Fire drop like 30 frames or something... but a good game
,Recommended,231430,33057929,Posted: 30 June,all,Drexx,I love this game and all of the intricacies that it has. I just wish I could micro better.
,Recommended,231430,31036695,Posted: 9 April,all,D3VISTAT0R,best game in the world~! thank you God
76561198062954898,Recommended,231430,10804958,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Night King,MY MOTHERS MY SISTER
76561198086712482,Recommended,231430,21230654,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,SirWally123,"This is a great game and I feel it was worth the promo price of 11 bucks. However, I find only small improvements over the orginal.  It looks pretty, controls are still fluid, maps and modes are well designed and I feel like I am missing something about the game.I have no idea if I am doing all that I can to field the best units with the best commander perks.  I think, that for an extra price, I could get colourul tanks and rare powerups, but I don't understand the system in place.  Nor do I understand the difference between a mission pack, forces pack or this stand alone DLC pack.  I am afraid to purchase any additional content becuase I am not sure what I will actually get.Simply put, I feel like I should be enjoying the base game more, but a nagging and confusing feeling of missing some crucial premium DLC keeps me from forming the addiction that was CoH 1."
,Recommended,231430,21239542,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,CombatCorgi,"CoH2 is definetly the right game if you are craving to play an arcady RTS game, you can only play it for so long after awhile in a day though until it starts to feel kinda repetetive and a bit boring. Its also a bit dumb in my opinion how some of the major factions are behind a pay wall, especially when you already paid some $35.00 for the game. Besides that point, its a really good game and the community is pretty big so you won't have a problem finding a match. I'd recommend picking this game up!"
,Recommended,231430,23044333,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,GreyHairKid,Best game ever
76561198137417535,Recommended,231430,19503185,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,bluejetdude1,"If you like WWll real time strategys then you will definitly like this game, it blends a good story line with solid campain gameplay, but the multiplayer/skirmish is somewhat restrictive, like when you move into berlin and you can make Is-2s in the last campain mission, forget about that in skirmish unless you have the right commander, or my suggestion, get some mods. The mods in this game are great, they range from small balenceing tweaks to full on realism, like an MG gunning down 3 conscripts squads in 5 seconds. some of the mods add new units to make it interesting, like one that adds all the units you used in the campain, mods do all sorts of stuff. My overall opinion of this game is that it is really worth buying, i dont have the expanions like the one that adds the US and second german faction, but even without those the game is fun. you should seriously consider buying it if you havent already."
76561198115854881,Recommended,231430,8873398,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,thespis,perfect game
,Recommended,231430,17231925,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,beescoot,I like.
,Recommended,231430,17324826,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,DIS Steve,"One of the most unforgiving RTS games on the market which is really nice. Upgrades to units and hill tops to keep your guys alive are key things to watch out for. Unlike most RTS games other then (Starcraft to name one) hill tops and what not are you friends. Troops are not stuiped they have a fear level to them they get pinned if losing a gun fight to plain lose. I'm still new to the game yet loving it learning more and more everytime I play. Plus troops can't take out a tank with their plan m14's or whatever gun unless it's a anti-tank weapons. Most RTS games I played if you have a lot of grunts seems like you can take out anything even tanks with small arms, not this game. If you play smart you can never lose a troop or tank. You need to learn to give up on some fights, better to lose that battle then the war."
76561197961303624,Recommended,231430,17525656,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,MythWaker,"I love this game - I play it for hours and then have a break but something always brings me back. Thats when you know a game is good when it always throws something fresh at you everytime you play it. Yes it has lots of DLC, but you dont need it to play it's just there for you to add to your experiance and taylor the game how you want to play it.There are lots of differant generals to choose from but to be honest you will find the ones you like and learn how to play them, which can take several hours to master specfic strats for each one. Thats the good thing though as if you get bored with one general move onto the next and learn that one which will employ a whole new set of tactics for you to use.I can not rate this game enough - its a must buy."
,Recommended,231430,17648011,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Herbst,"Love the game, one of the best WW2 strategy games"
76561198070369682,Recommended,231430,17250591,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Antony,"Lots of action and taking command. Remember you have lots of units, use them well..."
76561198084962747,Recommended,231430,17687819,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,evgenace,"I was looking for a good RTS game for a while. And this game rocks! It's exactly what I was looking for, actually it is the reason I'm using my PC for gaming. I couldn't find any good strategies for PS3, so I invested some money towards PC upgrade and I don't regeret it. And I didn't played PS3 for a year now, I just enjoy PC gaming instead :-)"
76561198130351438,Recommended,231430,17138226,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,About20Ninjas,A very fun game with micromanaged small scale battles where you need to find the right ballance between attack and defence whilst doing all you can to keep every squad alive
76561198081158085,Recommended,231430,21597643,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Rufu$ The $tunt Bum,"I used to think this game was P2W, until I stopped sucking."
76561198008149534,Recommended,231430,21595682,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,SlacK CaT,The WWII fans dreamThis RTS is nicely crafted from bottom to top.Battles are crafty and realistically accurateThis game is a lot of fun and I have enjoyed my 50+ hours so farUnits are quite detailed and the gameplay is neat to witnessLet Company of Heroes 2 take you back to the brutal Second World War.
76561198006597845,Recommended,231430,19164211,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,[4L4L]Aya Watsuji,There is no doubt that this is the best RTS ever made.
,Recommended,231430,17042064,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,ThatGuy_GECKO,I love this game! RTS players should really give this a try. Good replay value.
76561198002440323,Recommended,231430,17017101,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Persicus,The good:Undisputed champion of all RTS to date.The bad:Steep competitive multiplayer learning curve.Somewhat buggy sometimes.
,Recommended,231430,17028087,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,BCStorm,"Amazing strategy game set in WWII, must play for all strategy lovers. Also playing it coop makes for double the fun."
,Recommended,231430,26606336,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Agent What,"Just rush the enemy with soliders, they got tanks? no worries just get more men to die fighting a tank."
76561198115412165,Recommended,231430,26307549,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Donovan,"This game is cool, If you want to get whooped LMK."
,Recommended,231430,26166179,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Butistic,"Although this game has its flaws (Price, toxic comunity and balence), it has to be one of the best real-time stratagy games I have ever played. If you can, get the game on sale with the additional conent with some friends and you will be in for a fantastic expirence. :D"
76561198045519185,Recommended,231430,9668629,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,m16,"If you're thinking of buying this game don't waste your time with the reviews from the fanboys of the first CoH game. If you're looking for a WW2 strategy game based on the eastern front this is the game for you. Micro managing your units is a big factor in the game as well as resource managment. Online PvP matches are based around exploiting the best units between the factions, but the developers are still posting drastic balance patches. While they're working on fixing the exploiting you can also play a PvE match similar to the PvP.Fun game, fanboys can ♥♥♥♥ off. Over 100 hours of gameplay for 40€ is not bad these days. 9/10 would and WILL play again."
,Recommended,231430,10276876,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,way2spicy,"Graphically intense game with a drop of CoH 1 in it. Great campaign, the story really shows the Russian attitude towards their soldiers. Extremly fun multiplayer (more than CoH 1). Strongly recommend it."
76561197970373028,Recommended,231430,9955738,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,PantyShot,Its game
76561198028228824,Recommended,231430,10872317,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Celestaux,This game is awesome
76561197984657577,Recommended,231430,11045008,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,el toro ottomonster,NICE
76561198096067189,Recommended,231430,17082049,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Alan o Bombeiro,"i recomend this game because the gameplay is amazing , multipleyer is adictive and you will be grabbed to the history behing the battlesreview: 9.2/10"
76561198064356807,Recommended,231430,7870093,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Roust89Fool,"This is one of my favorite games of all time. Honestly I haven't spent much time in the campaign, but the online play is where the game really shines."
,Recommended,231430,8034160,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Jalisi,"Loadsa fun. The scenarios are an excellent addition to the game, much better than those operations in Tales of Valour."
,Recommended,231430,8078428,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,almightyjah,Nice game
76561198124042287,Recommended,231430,9369231,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Knight Captain Otaku,"I gotta say i really like this game, alot of people are giving it bad reviews but id say its worth your time. I also say this as a huge fan of the first game. Its true that the bought commanders give an edge but me and my cousin played AS SOVIETS and fought against bought commanders on the enemy team- oh and won. So there really isnt a pay to win, if your good enough youll win it out against paid commanders."
76561197965776052,Recommended,231430,25505961,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,|GC| Stumbler,"Company of Heroes 2 is all about real time tactics and strategy. This aspect makes it much different from most of the games of the same genre which primarily focus on pre-determined strategy. The different units under your command possess different abilities that can be cleverly utilized for proper and satisfying completion of missions. Avneet prefers this style, being quoted as saying he doesnt like ""spaming units in Age of Empires to win."" The essence of gameplay in Company of Heroes 2 is that you have to think on-the-go. The game is pretty difficult and requires management in all aspects, even the smallest ones. However, all this is properly rewarded by the satisfaction that is felt on completion of a particularly difficult mission or winning a LAN battle."
76561198038122648,Recommended,231430,14439893,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,oghayhay,This is the first game that I played by this company and I really enjoyed it. Even though you have to get DLC to get much of the content there is still enough gameplay without DLC to enjoy it.
,Recommended,231430,30930122,Posted: 3 April,all,KaAn,One of my best game! its so nice to playing..
76561197982951320,Recommended,231430,30964020,Posted: 5 April,all,Freak (Redjik),Still an outstanding game.
,Recommended,231430,11533561,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,muddi,Good
76561198049500410,Recommended,231430,11542738,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,elfraiders,good
,Recommended,231430,14332099,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,memofantastic,"The game delivers as far as sequels are concerned. It would be nice to see more out-of-the-box content, but I am patient enough to wait until a sale at some point. What does ship from the start is great and I would certainly recommend it to previous CoH players, as well as fans of the genre. One huge plus over the original is the integration with Workshop. The ability to bolt on any pack, in-game is what keeps it fresh (thanks, Community!)."
76561198042268134,Recommended,231430,10428884,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Derkuleen,"An excellent game that does a fantastic job of illustrating the Russian mentality during the second world war. The campaign shows how Russians devalued human life and how the wars bloody and unnecessary brutality created a hellish time for the world. Online play is alot of fun as you crush foes with staggering Russian forces or indestructible German tanks. Or perhaps, online, you would like to bombard German forces into oblivion with strong Russian howitzers or turtle with hardy German bunkers. A great number of different play styles are succesful and fun. THIS IS A GREAT GAME! Strategy buffs, wwII junkies, and people who are a fan of explosions will enjoy this game."
76561197978681078,Recommended,231430,10624613,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DaRevCat,"Overall, I'd recommend this game. While it is somewhat different from COH, it still feels like COH. This is a good thing."
,Recommended,231430,10646368,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Colonel JP,"This is currently my all-time favorite game. I find the strategy in this game very accurate where it gives you that sort of positive amount of frustration when you find out that the opposing player overcame your defenses on a certain part of the map you're playing which you learn from those mistakes to learn to not make the opposing player use the same tactic again, successfully. The storyline in this game is very interesting. Plus, I love how it ends. Whether or not if you complete all the missions in the storyline, you still want to come back for more. I love how there are medals in the game. Not just Steam medals, but the COH2 medals, too. The harder you play, the more medals you're rewarded. Even if you don't play the game for the medals, COH2 is one of the top-of-the-line games where you want to play just one battle when you're bored and you want to break a mental sweat in strategy. I love how each battle performance adds up to your record whether or not you get a battlefield promotion. I really enjoy the game, and for the price of $20.00, DEAL. That's how good it is. Lastly, I love the Steam workshop for the maps that others publish. Almost every map I find, I download it, and I play it as my next challenge. This is one of those games that will not get old for a very long time."
76561198095660432,Recommended,231430,10652632,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ScarSkull(Fanis),I hope the new game will look like CoH Online
76561198060521739,Recommended,231430,10660061,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,beatsman97,AMAZING SUCH A GOOD GAME
76561198094250777,Recommended,231430,10686699,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Bisetti| Juan Deag,muito♥♥♥♥♥♥mas precisa de brain storm e saber fazer varias coisas ao msm tempo
76561197992447581,Recommended,231430,10721665,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Kittysmooth,With the recent patches the game has become much more balanced. Mortars no longer one shot tanks which is nice.
76561198114598957,Recommended,231430,10730015,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Akizuki,i recommend and i also dont cause i thought it be more like men of war assualt squad 2 but really i think its kind of crap its really glitchy and the graphics freak out some times but its pretty ok if i say so.
76561197981102934,Recommended,231430,10736314,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,SkaboyWRX,"Great WWII RTS action. Lovely graphics and fun whether multiplayer, or just a good old fashion comp stomp."
76561198007023686,Recommended,231430,10742065,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,C_A_Stiffy,great game
76561198045421832,Recommended,231430,10761213,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Captain Overkill,Its a fun game
76561198091346070,Recommended,231430,10763294,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Right Nut of Tachanka,"Awsome, game imo! Fast pace action and great fun with friends."
,Recommended,231430,10837179,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Onee-Chan,this game is my favourite cant stop playing it it is really good recommend it for all
,Recommended,231430,11195576,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,flip,"Surprisingly, the new DLC does breathe new life into it. That, or maybe they've really fixed a lot of the issues I faced when the game first came out.I really liked COH 1, and when COH 2 first came out, I was honestly a bit disappointed. Units felt slower, less powerful, and explosions lost their fun. Units weren't responsive and awkwardly danced around obstacles in the world.After this DLC, I can't say that the units awkwardly bumping into things hasn't ended. But the units do feel stronger, and the explosions have more depth to them. It's not just a graphical thing, but a design/balance issue. The game feels more realistic and substantive, and it really does add to the experience.All in all, if you liked COH 1, I think you'll like COH 2. The gameplay is solid and breathes new life into a great game."
76561198055213657,Recommended,231430,11226295,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Tred,"Great game, even better with the Americans and new Germans added."
,Recommended,231430,11315966,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,ATotalParadox,9/10
,Recommended,231430,10509584,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,SolidSweat,This is by far the best RTS experience you can look for.Nothing can be quite as fulfilling as a multiplayer expereince.Its the game that will always keep you coming back for more!
76561198006629160,Recommended,231430,10676733,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,empeorstarscream,"Great game, can't wait for more Armies to be added!"
76561197988302467,Recommended,231430,10724817,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"Fun title, sadly sega made some changes i disagree with,"
76561198027897903,Recommended,231430,13085200,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,SonnyB,"This game is just great.This is better then most of the new games that's  out there.If you got a good enough PC to run it then you'll love playing & owning this game.Get the DLC's with it, that's what makes the game even more special and mroe fun.Also, for those of you's that's WW2 fans and love to control your own army, buy this game."
76561198019780300,Recommended,231430,11281924,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,TANGOMEETSJAZZ,"Good, solid, polished game. Coming from CoH Online, I initially hated CoH2. There was a big hole between the two games but they seemed to have filled it in the past couple of months. They completely reworked the UI, added warspoils and finally added the ability to create a custom skirmish game. There is still a lot that can be done to make the game better but it's always fun playing it."
76561198023201933,Not Recommended,231430,13139913,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,x.X!ExituS!X.x,if you want to play a balanced and tactical oriented coh then don´t play this! It is unbalanced and not worth the money YET! I go back to coh 1 till they fix coh 2
,Recommended,231430,14327541,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Exoner,If you like ww2 games this is just an awesome one!Campaign very nice and the multiplayer is even more fun!10/10
76561198144949140,Recommended,231430,14304934,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,captain_cutluss gaming,the games says i have a connecting problem
76561197989071232,Recommended,231430,14314699,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,.Hesko.,"Fantastic game, still needs a little balance but what game doesn't.  This game is the best RTS out their and the graphics get you hooked fast.  I stream and play many games but threw them all I always come back to this one.The community is more than friendly and willing to help a new player learn.  Also check outCOH2.org, aka COH2 experts.  Great place to learn."
,Recommended,231430,14318737,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Cheesebot,"One of the greatest RTS games made in existance. Even though people say Sega just wants money, the game is still balanced even if there are micro transactions."
76561198019585900,Recommended,231430,14349940,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,fkg1023,"One of kind gaming solfware , either  one likes or dislikes war gaming , this is alike for me. Its in the zoom and 360  viewing , however still like the old versions of the COH games . Mis britian in the new version , o poor me . ha . still enjoy . Hope some day can include japan , maybe a new gaming profile something like axis n allies with the flavor of COH sofware ..anyway like to collect the disk .. on line down load ok . just like to collect software disk . thanks to all for the COH .. i,m spoil ..my favorite game .."
76561198027137524,Recommended,231430,14346329,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Gmoney,I LOVE THIS GAME !! i would recommend this for any body into RTS games . good online gamer play also
,Recommended,231430,16973695,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Swift,"COH is so fun,ive played it since day 1 of coh 1 and never stoped i have over 4000 hours.COH 2 is awesome but units are squishier harder to keep alive plus grenades that you cant see and have no timer can wipe a whole unit out,and they can throw em a very long distance almost out of the screen...and german tanks are not OP you just need to learn how to fight against them..."
76561198015897400,Recommended,231430,15558504,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,XIII[OFC],This is a great game to get your WW2 fix. I've seen people complain about the abundance of DLC's but they are completely optional most of the time. The war spoils system rewards you for playing games and also drops all of the same commanders and skins that are available from the store. I highly recommend this game to any of my friends that like RTS games.
,Recommended,231430,14051117,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,היי לירון Levi߷th߷n,Russia...
76561198027833734,Recommended,231430,3821968,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,★ HORNY ★,"A Good sequel to the originalSingle player - Not the greatest story, but still a bit of fun if you want to pick up the mechanics of the game.Theater of war - A new edition to company of heroes, theater of war is essentially a ""mini-campaign"" which is really good. There are solo challenges to test even the best commanders and AI battles/scenarios that offer a different take on the traditional comp stomp.Mutliplayer - Still the same formula from the original but the added coldtech spices up gameplay, do you choose to hunker down while a blizzard rages? or do you risk a counter attack to dislodge a enemy. The two new armies and units provide a blast of fresh air and both play differently giving you lots variety of how you want to play.Overall I would recommend this is you prefer a more ""micro"" type of RTS with good visuals, gameplays mechanic and enjoy a good AI comp stomp or solo challenge."
,Recommended,231430,2384946,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,}SoC{Scorch,"Its meta score is low because it is too much like the first Company of Heroes.......That is like saying the new Porsche 911 isn't very good because it's too much like the old one. Honestly, the nerve of some people. Please excuse my rambling and just buy this game, it is truly fantastic."
,Recommended,231430,5354754,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Weichsel,"전작의 명성에 먹칠하는 후속작이 되지 않을까 걱정했었으나 다행히 꽤 괜찮게 뽑아냈다. 오히려 더 나아진 부분이 많다. 게임 자체는 훌륭하다. 전작을 해보았으면 그리 어렵게 다가오진 않을 것이다. 2차대전 RTS 중에선 손 꼽히는 수작이다.싱글플레이 본편 미션은 사실상 말아먹었다. 거기에 붉은 군대에 대한 폄하까지 더해졌다. 다양한 스킨과 스팀 워크샾의 지원, 별별 많이도 만들어 출시하는 미션팩들, 다양한 진영, 특히 정말 많이도 나아진 컴퓨터 AI 는 칭찬할만하다. 병력의 집중과 종심 돌파를 시전하는 발전된 AI와 전차를 뽑으면 대전차포로 도배해버리는 성가시는 전작의 AI와 달리 똑같이 전차로 힘싸움을 시도한다. 그 외에도 발전된 그래픽과 자잘한 디테일들은 흡족스럽다. 보병이 전작과 달리 쉽게 썰려 나가니 주의!멀티플레이 관련해선 말이 많다. PVP 대전에 관해서는 전작이 훨씬 나으며 진정성있다."
76561198057789934,Recommended,231430,9657167,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Hitlers magical bag of memes,Its a fun game yes and for those who love strategy games its the right game for you
,Recommended,231430,9762775,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Guardian,"Company of Heroes 2 is one of the more successful sequels of the RTS world. It lives up to its predecessor, despite the overwhelming criticism by butt-hurt Russians, who claim that Relic is full of a Nazi cast. Nonetheless, I will jump into the review by using Pros and Cons.Pros-Excellent graphics-Great story telling in single player, shows the reality of the war-The new commander feature is absolutley amazing. Each is unique and a player can find one that will fit their niche.-Units are very detailed. Even explosions rip limbs apart.-Things like Dynamite to blow up bridges, mine fields, and bunkers allow for excellent defenses if deployed correctly.-The tanks are sexy to use. One may find themselves slightly aroused when using a Panther or a KV-2-Winter attrition, mud and heavy snow create that ""feel alive"" atmosphere-Terrains are detailed. Tanks run over trees, shells create craters in the ground that not only stay for the whole game duration, but your units can go in them for cover.-Building munition or fuel caches on what would other wise be useless points. Allowing you to stockpile supplies and gain more income.-Things like suppression allow you to halt an enemy advance, and pounce on them when they are overwhelmingly superior.-Over all a great game.Cons-Want to buy some pretty OP commanders? Put in the extra dollars and get a Tiger Ace.-DLC skins are pretty dumb.-DLC faceplates.....really?-The maps get boring after a while, and once you toggle them off, it takes a lot longer to find a game.-More of a cinematic RTS experience than a realistic (don't let that discourage you)Rating: 8.5/10Conclusion:One of the best RTS games out there. While it has adopted the DLC cash game, you can still be a very good player without the OP commanders. I highly recommend this game to any friend, and you will find yourself playing this for hours at a time."
,Recommended,231430,9380504,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Totez meh Goatz,very dissapointing comared to original don't get it unless $5 or lower...
,Recommended,231430,17868422,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,BattlinBob,"With the DLC, I have logged over 200 hours, and now I have just bought the British who are new. Well worth my money.10/10"
,Recommended,231430,17820359,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Computer (Easy),Awesome RTS game. 10/10
76561198042175469,Recommended,231430,8860369,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,DevilDog2349,"Probably the most enjoyable game i've played so far. I love the mutiple commanders, camos, and bullitins(offensive and defensive perks you earn by certain units). It gives a diverse multiplayer experience which is the perfect toppping to the perfect game. I cant wait for more nations to play. (Maybe Pacific front, I dunno.)"
76561198095785329,Recommended,231430,8910161,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,MonteLaDifensa,Bring up some new stuff!
,Recommended,231430,17063438,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Jakeshot,The next best thing after C&C Generals
76561198016437379,Recommended,231430,18022706,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Default_K,"Am usually not a fan of sequal games, but man this game raised the bar for sure, love it!"
76561197988359633,Recommended,231430,17958234,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,xTrident,"As far as strategy games go I do not believe CoH2 to be a bad one. Frankly if it were I wouldn't have have 500+ hours into it. I think CoH2 is a decent strategy game. It is certainly not the best ever as some like to make claim to. In my opinion CoH2 plays like any other strategy game only on a much smaller scale.For instance - I'm into the command and conquer games, and Supreme Commander strategy games. Comparing those games to CoH2 the unit cap is much larger. Rather than a population cap of 100, which isn't even a true 100 units because each unit takes up more than one pop. cap games like Supreme Commander allow 500, 1,000, or 2,000 depending. And those are per unit. Anyway, I bring this up because what all of these strategy games always come down to for me is strength in numbers. More units in C & C or SupCom means you win. The same can be said for CoH2. More tanks, you win. More infantry, you win.As far as the way the game plays, I don't have a problem. I enjoy CoH2 but I find the unit setup and this idea of ""countering"" a bit ridiculous. Especially since it does not work for me. What works for me is using more squads of infantry than what I'm fighting. Using two tanks to take down one etc... What I enjoy about CoH2 is that it is on a smaller scale so I am able to micro my units a lot easier. But, that still does not change what I see CoH2 as... A simple strategy game all about having more units than the AI/or real player."
,Recommended,231430,17770584,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Nakaras,without a doubt worth it if you can get it on a sale
,Recommended,231430,17634477,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,HiPPeR,At first I wasn`t sure about company of heroes 2 but after i started to play more i really like it. Some missions are a bit too hard thou. As it seems that the AI cheats in resources on any difficulty. Theres also the DLC side of the game as theres like loads of DLCs and after buying the base game you have to spend at least the same amount of money for all the DLC so you can enjoy it on MP or SP. But all in all its a pretty solid game.
76561198176212035,Recommended,231430,17307343,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Nero,"An amazing sequel to the first Company of Heroes. This time from the Russian perspective. If you like strategy games or games set in WW2 this is a good game for you. If you played the 1st one, this game has new graphics and new sight and damage systems. Also the chance to create a custom play card allowing you to choose your favorite commanders and customize your bonuses to suit your play style make every game fun.The campaign is not the best and several story elements seem to fall short of reality or are just not true. This should not influence your decision though since the multiplayer is as fun as ever.WARNING: grinding may be an issue!"
,Recommended,231430,17345082,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,RommeL,work of art made video game
76561198023517584,Recommended,231430,17329077,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Enjodako,"Forced to play it cos all my friends do, why I love to play it?? Wehrmacht - Railway Artillery Strike & victory nuke. Me loves the big giant expolsions and being (one of the only games) I go complete offense on.I played campaign for CoH1 and haven't even bothered with 2. I have just been playing multiplayer and pvp matches. Can't recommend enough!I'm not a fan of the Soviet or American forces. Oberkommando are my next fave, but I don't play them much as there aren't enough doctrines for them. I can't wait for the British ;)~ Enjodako (Gurl gamer!)"
,Recommended,231430,17410114,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Suspense,"I'm all about strategy games that try to be close to realistic strategy and tactics. The Company of Heroes series is one of the best if not the best at putting you into the battle. There's a lot of content here to keep the intense, challenging, and rewarding gameplay going for a long time."
,Recommended,231430,17299588,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Oispakaljaa,One of the best rts ever made
,Recommended,231430,17900107,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Gerardus Mercator,"Full of satisfying, steamrolling fun. Well worth the price."
76561198025435358,Recommended,231430,17880271,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,BurdenedWarrior,COH2 is  a great game. If your into multiplayer rts' this is a spot on game. Although if your looking for just the single player experience the single player campaine would get old fairly quickly. Love this game though!
76561198066337007,Recommended,231430,17872265,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Ironically Unironic,"If you have the money to spend and you're good with buying a few DLCs (its SEGA after all) then this is perhaps one of the best WW2 RTS games out there, it has many realistic units like the Russian Penal squads and the Jagdpanzer and every army has a unique playstyle making no two armies feel the same when playing them. No army is remotely overpowered as they all have their counters which every army can bring. Large scale battles like 4v4 are possible which is one of my favorite parts about it. So yeah, this game is really good its just most people judge it because of its expensive price and DLCs."
,Recommended,231430,17863213,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,James,Great Game!
,Recommended,231430,17863617,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Shadow,"Great rts franchise, a must buy for anybody that enjoys having to use troops all tactical like"
76561198041396556,Recommended,231430,17855090,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,PandemicFallout,"I got to say this is 1 solid game. I waited long for a good sale to actually try it. Luckily they had a free weekend and I jumped to see before buying it because early reviews had ruined its image. I don't even hate one thing about it. Though I'd only ever buy this game if its on sale - where the DLC is also 50-75% off, then you can actually purchase a full game at a discount price. Only issues I find is the multiplayer game list is kind of glitchy for me. Campaign wise its solid and entertaining, though they clearly made the russian officers look brutal - every cut scene they kill their own soldier - okay we get it. lol. But I've been dying for a new game and this is it, I'll be spending many hours on it, more than the original.Comp stomps here are more epic btw."
,Recommended,231430,16973993,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,gebagia,"This was a great RTS, I only played the single player, and I liked it. The story was poorly given and after i finished the game i didn't know what exactly happened in the scenario except the historical events of course.Graphics were good, I really liked the textures, I enjoyed the vehicles on all these great WWII environments. I didn't like a lot the design of people cause I think they were lacking of details.I really liked the variety of missions but the game itself hadn't to give to much upgrades from COH1.7/10, with the hope that the next COH will include a FPS mode."
76561198052499763,Recommended,231430,8885878,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,I am Death,"One next big step for company of heroes series, hope for new dlc."
,Recommended,231430,8931934,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,sharp,Great if you enjoyed the Zerg from Starcraft.
,Not Recommended,231430,8849618,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Gopo™,I should have trusted the reviews. This is the worst game I have played in a very long time. After about 8 hours I uninstalled the game and I can say for sure I will not reinstall it ever again.
76561198113377893,Recommended,231430,11561584,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,game,"great game, intense action ,and great for fans of rts games"
76561198105325178,Recommended,231430,11542078,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,dive2fish,why is it notl etting me play the campaign when i already bought it?
76561198006809575,Recommended,231430,10921767,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Clarky,If you like the first one then this game will not disapoint!
76561198142830074,Recommended,231430,11561777,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,2 Toti's,"Hey, I brought coh2 for 20€ which includes oberkommando and US forces, but now i also want to play as the soviets but but dont know what dlc/bundle i have to buy, so can anyone help me out?"
76561198119443993,Recommended,231430,11486362,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Forced Nut,"Alright, I cant even explain to you how much fun this game is."
,Recommended,231430,11542434,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,KingSlothSalami,"must say, i never played coh, so my argument may be invalid but i love this game alot. now that the commanders which before you had to buy, you can now get via war spoils. the war spoils system sucks for now but it will get better (hopefully they add trading but thats just me). the gameplay is fun, even if im on the losing end i still manage to enjoy it. the only thing i dont like about this game is the community. i hate people who say ""this is axis vs allies so you have to german"" even though i have no exp with the germans. i also hate people that say ""your below lvl 50 sorry you gotta go"" and then remove you from lobby.gameplay 8/10community 4/10realism 7/10unit variation 9/10sega being dlc ♥♥♥♥♥s 11/10overall 8/10"
,Recommended,231430,16745987,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,JoHaN,"Great game guys, I highly recommend this for Gamers that love Wargames, especially WW2 ones!"
76561198041478852,Recommended,231430,9153524,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,lvl 100,good strategy game
76561198008444445,Recommended,231430,16773364,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Monster Fart,"I love waiting for the program to find a game for me in a 4v4. Its a good 2 minutes before this pos program knows how to find a game for me to play.I love waiting for another 3-5 minutes loading the map that has been finally found, all the while I'm staring at the computer screen cursing that monkey who is too poor to afford a good enough comp to play this game or has pisspoor internet connection or is playing somewhere in the darkest of Africa or in the gulags of Russia, or his mom was uploading porn for the rest of us to fap to.And guess what happens when we finally get 8 people started on the map? The peasant who can't afford a 21st century computer gets dropped which cascades to everyone dropping because no one likes to play with or against the AI.Thank you for wasting my time."
76561198006776325,Not Recommended,231430,10638686,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Brigzilla,"This game is pure garbage. First off, if you aren't germany, you will lose. That brings me to the second point, the game comes with two armies, what a waste of money it was. Basically paying 40 dollah to play as germany, then pay more dollah to unlock England and that other country that no one plays because it's toss... If this game is on steam sale for less than £3, give it a shot. otherwise, buy something not incomplete."
,Recommended,231430,10428752,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,You're Welcome,A must have for any RTS fan
,Not Recommended,231430,20341029,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,GrievonTroll™,"This game is -in my honest opinion- a let down. There were a lot of good and bad things about this game, one of the major turn-offs of this game for me is the large amount of DLC. Despite what the store page tells you, there is a ridiculous amount of DLC. I bought the Ardennes Assault DLC, and what annoyed me is that there was DLC for the DLC. The core game with NO DLC, has two factions, A somewhat small map choice, and without buying them, Commanders and Skins are incredibly hard to come by. If you like that kind of thing, this game is for you. Otherwise, stick to the first game, or other RTS games."
76561198012819115,Not Recommended,231430,11454800,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Sherman101,"Like so many others, I've found COH2 not as fun to play as as COH1, and don't get me started on the (invincible) OKW German troops. Not hard to guess this game was programed by someone with and axe to grind against the US. That being said, don't waste your money on the US fources.The US player needs a 3 or 4 to 1 advantage against even non-veteran German troops.  If I didn't know better I'd think the Allies lost WW2. Too bad, this could have been a great game."
,Recommended,231430,31414628,Posted: 28 April,all,Dustin5600,"This game is nostalgic to me, bringing back the good ol days of the original COH. Damn it feels good to, like a fresh virgin hooker i picked up on her first night on the streets. Everything about this game, even with my rage quits, is just so good. With the rarity of many game producers sticking to their roots nowadays and RUINING most remakes/next in series. I give some majopr props to Relic for not f**king this up. (Love you)I see some people complaining about ""play to win""... HA! Please you little joozs, if you think a commander that gives you some special artillery strike will make or break you winning or losing. Then perhaps you should go back to club penguin and cry there until you are ready to build up some decent skill in the battlefield. Oh? Whats that? Club penguin closed down? Oh here we go, lets flood ♥♥♥♥♥ and cry to all the /b/ros that we now have to switch to Evony.But seriously, stop being cucks and buy the damn game, if you are a ""to the roots"" RTS player then you will love this game Base ""building"" was a little confusing at first honestly because they changed that a bit. But overall i love this game. Maybe not more than my cat that passed away a little over a year ago, but still, you get get the point."
76561198041336554,Recommended,231430,9981954,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Bob der Constructionmaster,This is pure H!tler vs Stalin.
76561198007599568,Not Recommended,231430,10493693,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,[RIP] AEJarl,"the visuals and units, maps, sounds, effect are great but, the game is ruined by not having a tuch of realistic balance,balance just run wild."
,Recommended,231430,10496543,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Spiffy,"For fans of WW2 genre, COH2 does not disappoint."
76561198072963576,Not Recommended,231430,7973229,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Apiarius,NO
76561198091069367,Not Recommended,231430,11275054,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Astral Boi,"All i can say is that the game sadly dosnt live up to the original,dose that mean its a bad game,no but its no where near being a good game by any meaning of the word.CoH 2 dose keep most of the stuff witch people loved about CoH 1,it makes the UI more user friendly,ups the graphics and even adds blizards.How ever all these fetures are nothing compared to the obvius problems the game has, for example its rather badly balanced,theres a faction in the game called Ober Kommando West you get it by buying the Western Front Armys DLC,in short when you get that faction,watch one tutorial on how to play and there is nothing in the game that can counter you after early game,put short the game suffers from a lack of balance as often you will find your self even with a amazing setup and good cordination with your team mate failing to win against OKW do to the fact that OKW is simply wery over powerd almost in every respect.But the greatest crime this game comits against the player is simply makeing the in game shop sell over powerd commanders and usles stuff like faceplates,but in all honeste thats not the worst thing this game dose,by far its the best compared to what im about to tell you.Its no secret that most of the old Relic is gone do to budget cuts and SEGA-s recent fireing spree when they bought Relic,so you cant realy blame the devs for giveing it theyr best to stay true to the vision of the original guys who made the franchise,how ever that may have been dificult under the eye of theyr overlord SEGA.The main problem is that the ingame store is worth nothing, even the new WFA DLC is worth nothing,why ? well its worth nothing becouse you get all of the things from the store in the form of random drops with the new war spoils  sistem,i see that relic is trying to do the same thing that Team Fortres 2 dose,but the point of the store in that game is to server as a shortcut to most of the items and there are actual benefits to buying in the store,whilst in CoH 2 it says that that exclusive DLC content when you can clearly get it from random drops.Im rather sure that at some point Relic will add a tradeing sistem into the mix to make duble abilitys and useles commanders worth something but at this point in time the game dosnt even offer that much in DLC to actuly have me write a whole rant review about it,and the war spoils sistem is so uterly broken that it cant make up for it existance in the game,i mean if every 200 games i dont get any thing then the next 20 i get elite premium items,thats not a good drop sistem thats a broken and poorly inplemented one,worst thing is they are saying it works as intended.Im not saying that CoH 2 is a bad game its a mediocore game and a faint shadow of the original much better Company of Heroes.Sadly steam dosnt have a midle category to recomend this game so will have to say no,until relic gets theyr act in shape and patches the game up,makes the war spoils sistem work then its definetly not worth you money.Even free its not worth your money,i got my copy during a alien ware give away and i was not told that it would not in cloude  the full game so no SEGA is trying to make me pay for the game again to play theyr crapy campaign even tho Steam tells me that i own the full game.Over all a mediocore RTS that dosnt live up to the original in any way,shape or form"
76561198088686252,Recommended,231430,9507275,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,=AOT= Salnut,I really like the game and movement of the units when there is no lag. I would recommend the game.
,Recommended,231430,10500986,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Comrade(work pooter),10/10 would exterminate the jews again
,Recommended,231430,10829058,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Latetzki,Superb strategy. The best I've played so far.
76561198025064753,Not Recommended,231430,8934402,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,nanakimono,"I tried really hard to like this game. I was a big fan of the original and I had high hopes for COH2. Unfortunately the game has been taken in a direction I'm not particularly impressed with. Here's a run down of how I feel and why.1. It's really COH1.5 instead of 2Despite the claim of a new game engine, alot of the existing models have been reused. Everything looks same-ish with the Germans, even the animation of the pioneers looks overly familiar. I would really have liked to have seen individual units with slight differences ala Total War. It really feels like an expansion rather than a stand alone sequel.2. Too much monetizationAs soon as you load up the main game screen, it is literally filled with cluttered menus and windows that are essentially adverts urging you to cough up for skins and doctrines. Sure none of these things effect gameplay balance but just the sheer amount of DLC and the re-use of models from COH is a constant reminder that you have only purchased half a game.3. Everything is bigger, louder and more explosionyThe bangs are bigger, the action is more frenzied, and units die much faster. This style may suit some people but it makes replayability boring for me as I go through the exact same motions each time. Maybe I'm getting old but I find the faster pace takes away from the strategic side of the game. All the bells and whistles in the world just don't make the game the same level of fun as the original is.4. Doctrines have no personalitySo many more doctrines but really, all the abilities are re-hashes of what existed in COH. There is nothing new here.5. FPS style upgrade system doesn't make senseSeriously, why do I need to be forced to play through the game to unlock all the little aspects  that make up the game as it was intended to be played? Shouldn't I want to play the game on its own merits? Shouldn't the fact that the game is fun be motivation enough to play it? The upgrade system makes playing the game a grindy chore for me.Sad to say, COH could have been great. I don't know who is responsible, but its obvious to me that this sequel was more of a money grab than a true sequel, the same way that the sequel to Supreme Commander, although a decent RTS in its own right, couldn't hold a candle to its original. I've put about 400-500 hours into COH, I've barely played 10 hours of COH2 at this point. I just can't bring myself to play it when there's so many better options to occupy my time with."
76561198041619183,Recommended,231430,8962758,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Full Metal Jumpsuit,"Company of Heroes was, and to an extent still is, my favourite game of all time. No other game captured the intensity of infantry marching into fire. No other game had me gasping in horror or whooping with joy in a single sitting. No other game made me sit down after an eight hour long war of attrition on the Hochwald gap and make me feel like i'd want to do it all over again.This game man. It had big shoes to fill.It's easier to list the things wrong with this game because there's so much that's good about it. The campagin is silly at best and insensitive at worst. The HUD is irritating and hard to navigate. The loadout bullitins seem completley pointless and require harsh amounts of grinding. But really this is all nit-picking.This is a solid game which captures a fairly realistic but always entertaining account of the eastern front. With winter physics and theatre of war to keep you busy this game is worth the money.9/10. Would buy again."
76561198006353465,Not Recommended,231430,9300059,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,*BigNelly*,"Relic programmers are such complete wastes of my time.  Maybe they could devise artificial intelligence that makes my units ignore every thing I tell them to do, just so they can intercept a grenade, mortar or anything else that will kill them, even though I already told them to move out of the way 20 seconds before.  Oh wait, they did program something this stupid already... every inception of COH ever.  Please don't ever change - I don't want to be rewarded for being a good strategist.Good luck ever getting another penny out of this once loyal fan.  And by loyal, I mean I was stupid enough to play several versions in hopes you would some day get it right.  I'm going back to hitting my head against a brick wall..."
76561198013058748,Recommended,231430,10190304,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Jouwar,"If you enjoyed the original then you'll enjoy CoH2, and likely more so.  Interesting mechanics, oodles of maps, and some subtle humor (""run like your life depends on it!""...""it does!"") makes this game worth your time."
76561198002090894,Not Recommended,231430,10239004,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Gollvieg,"This game is a pathetic, shameful cash grab. The campaign is boring, drawn out and is both infuirating as it makes you to stupid things in the name of the story. The multiplayer and skirmish mode is horrifyingly unbalanced as the Russian Faction lack something as simple as a machine gun emplacement or antitank infantry that to fight more than light vehicles. Even worse the game locks the vast majority of useful commanders behind a limitless paywall. Do yourself a favor and don't buy this game or even unbox it as a gift"
76561197998519013,Recommended,231430,10503518,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,SilentDeath,i have no issues but my friend who i purchased this for as well cant load multiplayer it would be nice if you stated on a product that it is faulty b4 we purchase things from u steam bad steam
,Recommended,231430,10647534,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,yourlordandmaster,"I love this game, as I love only a handful of good RTS strategy games, but let me get my gripes with it out of the way first.#1: The enemies do not use anything close to tactics, even on hard difficulty they just swarm you faster and with tanks#2: To even FIND the single player options are difficult and I get the strong feeling the game is herding me towards playing with other people, despite the fact I hate that and don't want to.#3: The Constant reminders that I COULD buy and new colour scheme with real money is rude and annoying#4: engineers cannot fix civilian buildings#5: nobody seems able to shoot straight in this game, and nobody can hide unless they're a sniper#6: It makes my computer overheat when on high graphics, and looks like toy soldiers when on low graphics#7: It's way overpriced to have only 2 teams. I would want every side that fought in ww2 for the price of this game.#8: the population cap is arbitrary and irritatingThe game-play is amazing, if a little tricky at first.The tactics you can use are without limit.The fun you CAN have with joint assaults with friends are worth the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ quagmire of playing with people who drop out half way through a fight every freaking time."
,Recommended,231430,10659200,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,HOOLIHUPA,"I love this game so. I loved COH and love COH2 even more, if thats even possible."
76561198080313092,Recommended,231430,11699648,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Andrew,Best world war II game ever.
76561197983811822,Recommended,231430,11327652,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,SKPaul Lee,one of the best RTS you can get
76561198005859716,Recommended,231430,11388098,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Wu Demitri,Great game the best yet of company of heroes 2 series.Had a blast playing with friends.Keep up the good work relic
,Recommended,231430,11541428,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,John Clued Van Dammit,Really good game! I enjoy playing it!
76561198088787486,Recommended,231430,15217805,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,gileco,Ne tako dobro kao prvi deo.
,Recommended,231430,11322048,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,hamdi.takali,it's good but why i can't play with soviet neither the other country
,Recommended,231430,15193179,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Dinay,great game
,Not Recommended,231430,15311320,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Azoth,-5/5-10/10-100/100P.S. Company of Nazis 2
,Recommended,231430,15167457,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,SteDz,"If you like RTS games and world war settings, buy this game."
76561198042117283,Recommended,231430,11343753,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,AJAX,"This game follows suit with the first Company of Heroes game, almost the best RTS I have ever played.  Tons of replay value and even more fun with friends."
,Recommended,231430,11738953,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,LethalWolf,"It is better and more realistic than the previous game of the series. In my opinion, some Russian tanks are very powerful than the German counterparts"
,Recommended,231430,15213008,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Flergen,"Love this game, still not bored"
76561198027377383,Recommended,231430,15201263,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,DANK-MASTER AttractiveChip,"Pros:- Good balance of stratagy, realism and fun- Easy to pick up but still chalenging- Engaging campaign- Steamwokshop support- Fun online community- Runs smooth from a high end rig to a low end lap top (Played on both)Cons:- DLC, come on, paying for commanders?!- DLC, and for skins?!?!?!- DLC, Ardnes assult, $40!??!?!?!?! (only on a stem sale would you buy)- Essentially created a 'pay to win' system with this s**t- A.I in skirmish can be pretty illogical, enemies and allies (is why there is online)"
,Recommended,231430,15208711,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,|*Maddi,Awsome game on of the best strategy games
76561198080536811,Recommended,231430,11835924,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Foreal,It made my cheeze melt. If you know what i mean
76561198003301071,Recommended,231430,15186392,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,saul_bragapt,great game.
76561198007401999,Not Recommended,231430,13384328,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Valhala,"I was a huge CoH1 fan and played it to death. However CoH2 falls short in one major area, micro transactions and lots DLC. Both of which destroyed this game. Why would I want to pay extra money for more commanders? Something that should have been included in the game in the first place, or given to me for free. So if i want to play competitively online I now have to spead more money...Now as for the expansions I thought it be the save and grace for the game, but I was wrong. Small DLC/expansions are everywhere. I dont want to pay twice or three times the amount I paid for the original game. My friends said it would be great and we all had fun playing the first CoH, so I bought it. They were wrong. The moment I bought it and saw what they were doing with the DLC commanders I knew what was going to happen.Thank god I didnt buy any of the DLC or expansions."
,Not Recommended,231430,14773498,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,TheWarMachine15,this game is owfull the only reason i play it is becuse the balancing mods the game is really unbalanced but thanks to the COH2 community there are mods that balance the game without the mods the game is totall♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,231430,17713520,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,GI Genocide,"the business model is fine. you pay for more content. like all other dlcs. buy the game. its great. you dont like dlc? then dont buy it. its optional. however i do recommend buying the 2 other factions (US and Ober). they will enhance the game as paid dlc should. Also, for the people who complain about prices and what not, do research. you can find third party pc marketplaces on the internet to buy games and dlc for cheap."
76561198007325942,Recommended,231430,15107814,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,sc5879,Great game- modders improve variety impressive. HOPE TO SEE BRITISH AND COMMONWEALTH ARMY SOON.
,Recommended,231430,33609816,Posted: 17 July,all,123Nick,"a lot of people have the misconception that u can only get new commanders with money- not exactly true, you can get some randomly from loot drops, and if u gain enough supply you can get the one you want specifically with supply. now i dont usually use commanders- i play with a mod that has its own options ingame so relic commanders arent needed."
,Recommended,231430,9132881,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Fyrefly,"MY previous review came for hatred opf the December 10th 2013 patch that broke the game, removed the devloper mode so any game breaking problems I had, needed to be fixed with a dll or ini hack, and just all around made it unplayable and laggy on both my 7970 and my SLI 9800GTX. But thats all been fixed now, (took them long enough) and as a person who preordered the fancy collectors edition I got my money's worth out of it. Any one who bought it day one or preordered the regular version I can see why your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. This game had an insane amount of Day One DLC and post release DLC. And when I can get a game for 5 bucks on steam why should I pay $3 for a line of code. But I'm reviewing a game here not their policies. The game play is a lot better than the orginal CoH, no longer do you have to build clunky and massive structures that take up half your command territory, they are now small trenches/bunkers that spawn the units off map, so you no longer have to worry about building that Panzer Command too close to another building and having your lovely Panzer IV stuck inside it. Alot of people don't seem to like the new weather effects but personaly I love them. During blizzards it goes from all out war, to small hit and run ,and a bigger focus vehicle combat. And because Snipers (last time I played it) arn't effected by it they are much more useful. I'm not going to go into the campagin/story because it a load of bullisht but I can say I did have fun with it on certain missions. Now with all the commander DLC this game is basically pay to win right? Well yes and no. You don't unlock any of the good commanders til about level 10 and as far as I'm aware the DLC commanders are unlocked instanly. So low level players those begining COs are crap in my experience. But fourtionally you can Grind XP in Skrmish or private games with your friends and game the good stock COs. Where the DLC COs are balanced to about that level range. But I've only played 3 Mulitplayer matches so you didn't hear it from me. All around I think its an improvement from the Orginal. If you can ingore the DLC ,not listen to anyone who hates this game only for the Story and nothing else, and pray that relic/SEGA/Invisible Game Patch Devil, doesn't break something again and take 4 months to fix it. I can recomend this game again. For now."
76561198352410404,Not Recommended,231430,28829958,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Teetotal,"What a poor game. I really like the first Company of Heroes, but this one really let me down.the campaign is tidious and the multiplayer doesn't seem to work.Can't play skirmish nor online multiplayer game.Shame, because the first one was awsome!"
,Recommended,231430,16498408,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Dan22,I don't review games often. Only ones that I feel are hands down awsome and this is one of them. for 75% off this is a bargain and will give you hours of fun!
76561198009095878,Recommended,231430,9373954,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Lrfss,"I'm finally starting to enjoy this game just now since release...  I hope they keep up the patches, etc!"
76561198138101547,Recommended,231430,20119099,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,WawaKia,"good for learn history, and multiplayer"
76561197961414846,Not Recommended,231430,30380849,Posted: 7 March,all,Onliuge,"This game has some ♥♥♥♥ing terrible design decisions. Whoever programmed it was completely inept, and the damage to certain units is without logic, it's all pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Go play Men of War instead."
76561197976349400,Recommended,231430,9565235,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,MR.JIGGLES,"Very good game, graphics and gameplay are awesome!"
76561198115519471,Recommended,231430,9509748,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,TurdNugget,Same game as COH different content
76561198053839545,Recommended,231430,9509912,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,|Jäger| Phoenix,This is the RTS of the centary!
76561198009843489,Recommended,231430,9556377,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,hoysivski,awesome
76561198073019435,Recommended,231430,9560177,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Jordin Sparks,A bit different than the original COH but it still has the atmosphere of the original. Beginner players can get in easier than before due to new system changes
,Recommended,231430,9931509,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,CrabFries,"Outstanding game.. Complainers need to put their time in to compete effectively in multiplayer (which is fair), AI is better then COH1.. I purchased the rest of the DLC content available and a second Copy of the base game! To show support for a great game! Keep up the good work..."
,Recommended,231430,13883277,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Zeyray,Played as America dropped down some paratroopers one of them yelled he cracked a nut 11/10
76561198002427465,Not Recommended,231430,32223514,Posted: 6 June,all,Владислав | VladislavA,Game intelligence or in-game playability is okey good but only one condition IF U BUY İT . I bought game and i started the game. But it took me to join game hours. 'casue when i click something 'purchase purchase and more purchase'.Every campaign every single item is purchase . Very sad.
,Recommended,231430,8040290,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,The Dayman [No.4],love it so fun btuds u can  play it without the newer vidoe card
,Recommended,231430,18000101,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Methlor,"Great Game, Bad business model."
76561198159606809,Recommended,231430,13104381,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,SledgeKiiiDK うちはオビト,"It’s a beautiful, gritty and spectacular strategy game, and while it doesn’t do much particularly new, it doesn’t have to."
76561198030748167,Not Recommended,231430,17132142,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Aza-Zzell,Mostly pay to win
76561198011267010,Recommended,231430,21241869,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Forlorn Hope,8/8 pretty gr8
76561198048518089,Recommended,231430,22073673,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,TW Modder,Undoubtedly the best WW2 strategy game out there. Love the historical accuracy & graphic/camera options. Would thoroughly recommend you to try it. 9.5/10
76561198006797521,Recommended,231430,10538506,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,hello,hi
76561198049904632,Recommended,231430,16016924,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Warspite,"In Company of Heroes 2, you will experience the memories of a Soviet army officer who fought both the Germans and his commanders ambiguous decisions, before ending up in a Political prison camp. From the early days of Operation Barbarossa to the freezing winter of late-41, to Stalingrad and Leningrad, before fighting to encircle Halbe and fight through the streets of Berlin to the Reichstag itself, you will be given resources to produce infantry, support weapons and armour, whatever you need to accomplish your objectives, from holding out against a German onslaught to breaking the walls of Poznan.For those looking to experience the Western Front like the good old CoH, Ardennes Assault lets you command 3 separate Companies against Oberkommando West strongpoints. But choose wisely, do you reinforce your companies at the cost of experience? Do you attack a small outpost, knowing that survivors from the attack will make later areas harder? Frankly the price of it is a bit high (around 30 pounds) for the content it provides, but it's there, so, if you want, give it a go.Of course the 2 campaigins aren't the only single player modes. CoH 2 introduces the ""Theatre of War"", where a player will be given some units and an objective, or may have to strike at the enemy to gain more help. One can participate in the encirclement of Smolensk or the tank battle of Brody in ""Operation Barbarossa"", make a last ditch throw for the Caucasus oil fields in ""Case Blue"", make several supporting strikes before hitting hard in ""Victory at Stalingrad"" or wade through the spring rasputitsa in ""Southern Fronts"".Multiplayer is functional, though I believe this is where the game falls short. Because players can pay for commanders (special abilities that can give access to new equipment and units), those willing to pay for commanders can get better units, such as a Veteran Tiger Tank.Another area where the game falls a bit below the bar is balancing. Some maps are unbalanced because of starting positions. The US and USSR can simply spam Conscripts and Riflemen, which can be a bane for both armour and infantry, but if Allied forces can't maintain an advantage, then German Panzer's, Panthers, and Tiger's may just be capable of bringing down even the largest forces. Also, several times I've seen USSR and US players simply wait until they can use their IS-2's and M4A3E8's. This is merely an observation, however.Overall, I would rate the game 7/10. A most splendid game indeed, those with some minor inperfections here and there."
76561197978523334,Recommended,231430,13642037,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,[TBTTROT]RecyclableExplosives,"I used to play a lot of Warcraft 3 and Age Of Empires 3 when growing up, and have recently gotten back into competitive RTS games with COH2 being the first I've spent more then 100 hours on. I intend to keep playing right now, as I think this game has a whole lot of potential and continues to go on great sales (50%-75% off is totally worth it for the base game + Western Front Armies).Like Relic's other games, in COH2 you build squads of soldiers and single vehicle units from  your base, and  fight against the opposing player on a rich, destructable map. Skirmish games are Victory-Point based, meaning you try to hold certain points to reduce your opponent's score over time; as long as you are holding 2 out of the 3 victory points, you will be causing their score to go down. When it reaches 0, you lose.You don't gather resources, instead resources trickle in based on your current army size / population, and the sectors on the map you have captured. The main resource is manpower, which is used for purchasing every unit and upgrade, and you receive more for, the smaller your army is. The second most important resource is fuel, which allows you to build vehicles and research upgrades, and finally there is munitions, which allows your units to use their abilities, such as throwing grenades, placing mines, and getting better guns. Fuel and Munitions are received based on capturing and holding more points on the map.PROS- Very fun multiplayer battles. COH2 is much like a game of chess, where there are hard counters, soft counters, and many elements to the battlefield. Although base-building is not a major aspect of the game by any means (and that is something I usually love in my RTS's), there is enough going on to keep a player thinking the whole time.- Blowing up buildings! Placing Mines! Artillery Barrages! Tank battles! Machine Guns and Mortar Support Teams! FLAMETHROWERS! Units are fun to use. Nearly every unit has at least one upgrade or ability, so even though you may have less than 20 units on the map, there is a lot to do with them - set up the MG in the right place, sprint your sniper to better cover, have your mortar throw down smoke bombs for a flanking assault by your shock troops, or perform a risky ramming maneuver with your T34 tank.- Randomness (known as RNG) gives an exciting element to the battle. COH2 is still figuring out the right amount of it, but it makes responding to what happens in a battle as important as making good plans. Sometimes, your AT gun misses three shots in a row, allowing your opponent's tank to blitz through your lines. Other times, you hit those three times, penetrate one, and knock the tank's engine out, leaving it dead in the water. Will he risk his engineers trying to repair it, or will you manage to clear the crew, leaving the tank abandoned, and take it for yourself? #adaptCONS- Three main multiplayer systems could be better, in my opinion: Commander, warspoils, & ELO ranking.:::::Commander system is regarded by the community to be inferior to COH1's, where you would pick a commander and then be able to spend your command points on . In COH2, you are allowed to take 3 Commanders into the game, and pick one during the game, which will give you a single ""Roster"" of 5 Units and Abilities. Different Commanders for each faction are mostly different mixes of the same pool of about 12 units and abilities, some combinations of which are regarded as clearly stronger than others right now. (12/27/2014):::::Warspoils is the reward for playing multiplayer. 1 Commander, ""Intel Bulletin"" (in-game stat upgrade, i.e. +3% Rate of Fire to your machine Guns) or Vehicle skin is randomly rewarded for about every 3 hours of playing the game in multiplayer. You have no control over what you will get, duplicates are common, and there is no way to trade/craft these. It seems the developers are actively looking for feedback to improve this system, and I hope to see it changed in the future.:::::ELO Ranking for automatch is not transparent. Without third party tools, you are unaware of your rank, and you are unaware of your opponent's relative skill level. I feel this should be made more transparent.- Singleplayer story is a little lackluster, being what got this game in trouble in Europe upon launch. Much of the story focuses on war crimes committed by the Russian Red Army. If this does not bother you, the missions are varied and interesting.- Community needs to improve. Ranked Automatch with random players is a staple in modern RTS games. The intense tactical nature of this game means that you will lose some engagements in a skirmish; this is OK. Unit preservation and coordinating with your allies is very much a key element to winning, but often it is hard to work with strangers over the internet."
,Recommended,231430,13776215,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,GenericLewdAnimeFace,"If you get into any RTS at all it should be Company of Heroes 2. The game is very challenging and there is definitely a steep learning curve. Once you get past that though there is a deep and rewardingly complex RTS game. 4 armies to play as, each with their strengths and weakenesses. I personally have found that no one army is completely dominant over the others as they all feel balanced. Different strategies and ways to play a match keeps the game fresh and no two battles play out the same way. Very rarely is there a dull moment during a match.Beginners can play against the bots on different difficulty settings if they don't feel like diving head first into an online match. It's a great way to learn and get an idea of an armies capabilites, units and specialties."
,Recommended,231430,13838915,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,finnstah,Pretty Fun....8/10
,Recommended,231430,13645532,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Øffɇnsɨvɇ ɃɨȺs,"At first I was like:  Waaaaaah, this isn't 100% like CoH 1 .....Then I was like:  Imma take a break for this series.  That'll show 'em!!!Then finally I was like:  Hey wow, the campaign is really cool.  Hmm, I think I like this game!TLDR; really great game.  Worth the $$$."
76561198106047165,Not Recommended,231430,14524662,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,brittenclose,"I bought Ardennes Assault thinking I was buying a stand-alone game. It's not. No skirmishes, no nothing - just a campaign, Everything else is a surcharge, and even the main page is nothing more than a giant add trying to sell you add-ons (including the what you already own). Even for Ardennes Assault, you only have access to 3/4 of the campaign armies - the forth is a #$%& DLC.If you buy Ardennes Assault, you are ONLY buying 3/4 of a campaign - a one sided campaign (Axis not playable).I  feel very cheated. This is definitely NOT worth the cost, even on sale, and I can't believe how bad relic sold-out. Shame on them. They lost a fan, and a customer."
76561197981100904,Recommended,231430,14590030,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,lakota362,"The reality of this game is......a starcraft clone.  Build bases choke points , spawn  stuff that blasts from point blank range that in ww2 shot from nearly...a mile.  So if you want starcraft in ww2 clothing great game.  If you want some more authentic ww2 game expeience  MOW assaullt squad2   and even more gsm XII"
76561198085412536,Recommended,231430,15119902,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Dying2sr5,"I read all the negative reviews luckily after i purchased the game. I got all the DLCs right off the bat and really glad i did! This is an awesome game with great sound effects and LOS mechanics not to mention the stunning graphics added a whole new dimension to command and conquer which i loved so much decades ago. Loved when artillery hits a squad and body parts starts flying, injured soldiers struggle to crawl away. Just WOW! I was too addicted to world of warcraft to notice anything come out for years. Now that i woke up from my slumber games like this more than fills that craving. Cancelled that wow subscription."
,Recommended,231430,15644606,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,CroHazarD,"Best WW2 strategy game series. COH 2 is a nice edition, but COH 1 killed it."
,Not Recommended,231430,14573480,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Kim Eugene Carrey,i need korean patch...
76561198000219841,Recommended,231430,15150035,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Frost,"One of the best strategy games I've played. The WWII scenario is great, and I enjoyed both campaign and multiplayer modes."
,Recommended,231430,28962434,Posted: 2 January,all,Sartor Resartus,"CoH continues to be on the leading edge of great RTS titles. The singleplayer doesn't live up to what we had in the first CoH game, and that's probably not a surprise to anyone. The multiplayer though is as good as ever - from comp-stomping with friends to competitive play, there's a lot that a player can dive in to and learn as they try to come to grips with all the tactics and counters that emerge as you become increasingly familiar with the gameplay. Sound and visuals are as good as you've come to expect from this studio. If you like WWII history, or if you like RTSs, you'll probably like CoH2. If you like both, you'll be ecstatic."
76561198007503248,Not Recommended,231430,26346519,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Darcy,"Game blows compared to Men of War: Assault Squad 2Even after I picked up the COH2 Master Collection for ~£10, I refunded the same day, its that clunky and bad.Don't waste your money on this arcadey sugar rush"
76561198045287410,Recommended,231430,12994185,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,ۻ Jihadstrijder ۻ,Plzz get it on sale cuz than people buy it much if u get it to 5euro or 10euro its really good to buy now its to expensive
,Recommended,231430,12089854,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Lejonet Fran Norden,i would recommend this game to any strategy game fan but be warned people online are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s when they loose
,Recommended,231430,12966631,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Qaiten,"The game looks superior to its counterpart, which should be obvious if it's the sequel. But the greatest part of it is the weather conditions in matches. It's fun to see the enemy team's tanks drown if you mortar the right places. You can counter any battle with well placed mines or smoke. No battle is lost in this game if done smartly.The game itself can get stale after one or two, but that was the same with the first installment. I'd recommend it to others, although it'd be preferred if the teams got more factions and options, especially the U.S. Forces. Hopefully it'll add the British to the game, but it would be great if they'd add the Pacific theater (not hopeful of it but it'd still be damn cool), no RTS game seems to cover it."
76561198142595516,Not Recommended,231430,13001081,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,justinhawthorne2009,"The story is ok compared to COH1, and the DLC is pointless the Western Front Alies are very weak. The Ardennes assult DLC is not worth it either its basically the same as playing multiplayer aginst an AI where you have to capture and hold VP with a twist... like redused resource or have to hold all VP to drain tickets. Also with the new feature for company health you get punished for having bad luck, if you take too many losses you lose your company. One more thing the missions reuse the same mission areas so it gets boring fast. Overall this game has gone down hill  for me... and having to buy commanders and skins for vehicles does not help either."
76561198016787773,Recommended,231430,10506045,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,=U^S=_Daniel,"A really wellmade game and I would say its the best strategic game out there since COH1.  the only thing i can say negative about the game is ofcourse the game lobby.Now why is that? To see the problem you have to have played coh1. In coh1 you could host a game were ppl came and if you didnt like the person for some reason ""his ping is high, he is a know teamkiller,he is not that experienced etc"" u could kick him and wait for another to enter your lobby.You could also change the game mode between annihilation mode and capture and hold 3 objectives to win,and also set the size of the tickets counting down if you hold the majority of the tickets.Another thing you could do is change the map you are going to play, and then I mean every map you have downloaded you could choose from including the originall mapsNow in Coh2´s main lobby you can choose vs/ai game and custom gameIn the vs/ai game u can only play what is called an ""automatch"" An auto match is simply a system where you click the play button and the game start searching for players....and you have no idead who you are gonna play with. If u want to play vs expert comps and click play you might get grouped with someone that is a beginner because he also clicked for an expert match, someone u dont like, or a teamkiller and too bad u cant do anything about it except leave/restart the game and hope the automatch puts you with better ppl.The second bad thing with this automatch system is ""choosing a map"" before clicking the start searching for a game.So you want to pick a cool community map from workshop? Forget about it. In automatch you can only pick like 10 originall maps that came with the game. workshop maps dont show.The third bad thing is that you cant play Annihilation maps only capture and hold the 3 points and u cant even manipulate the tickets to make it a longer duration map, its pre set to a sht game...can u belive that?Now if you choose the other setting in the main menu called Custom game then you can make the game annihilation, choosing if u want high or low resources and even choose all the custom maps.... butyou can only play with your friends. Lets say you dont have alot of steam friends but you want to play with people against the comp, forget about it.Using the start search for players is disabled in this modehaving people see your game and your map and settings so they can drop in if they want to play with you doesnt work here only in Coh1....And all this is why so many many ppl have alot of critisism for the game , not the game itself but for the stupid lobby setup"
76561198044923917,Recommended,231430,10892565,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,robopoptart,"Liked the first one, picked up the second one during  the summer sale.  The campaign is fun.  If I complete the mission it still feels like i'm losing though..."
,Recommended,231430,32076195,Posted: 30 May,all,Talernar,love the game for rts plus the cold weather system but shame it wasnt kept in the mutiplayer modes unless custom game would be nice to be playing against ai and a storm comes in and slows everything down
,Recommended,231430,32894160,Posted: 27 June,all,TiteFleur,"I'll recommend the game. Have played it nearly a thousand hours, and it's still good. Too bad DOW 3 isn't up to par."
76561197965682987,Not Recommended,231430,32901849,Posted: 27 June,all,Lolerkaust,Just like the first COH. The addons of the British ruined the balance of the game.would not recommend
,Recommended,231430,32908214,Posted: 27 June,all,Scrooge,cool army
,Recommended,231430,32792389,Posted: 25 June,all,FederalRoboticGamer,"Very strategic of a game, more than most.Animation is very decent and less lag than some realtime games.Would spend hours on and beautiful storyline with many units."
76561198271961668,Not Recommended,231430,32756710,Posted: 24 June,all,Boobyfanatic,"When you buy the game, but then cant play the campaing, major factions( US, Russia, ect.), and some maps. F**k those greedy devs. Im disapointed Relic, very disappointed. I refunded it cause it was that bad."
76561198131590486,Recommended,231430,32900541,Posted: 27 June,all,Pemtz,"I have playing this game since it was released. For me its formidable. I have all the franchise games and are just great.In this CoH2, the candy eye graphics really enhanced the beauty of the game, although hte playability is almost the same than the firs one, the commander selection gives you options to fit your own play style. I don´t like to pay for every single new campaign or the coolest commanders. Anyway it is a great game lots of options and possibilities. My favourite mod is ""realistic"", as the word says  is the real thing one shot one kill. Simply my favourite game."
,Recommended,231430,32797167,Posted: 25 June,all,SirHamletPig,"Very fun, lots of co-op and singleplayer content. I heard it has multiplayer too, but I'm so♥♥♥♥♥♥at the game I wouldn't dare try it out."
76561198379899839,Recommended,231430,32761891,Posted: 25 June,all,IvanMilatAUS,"throughly enjoying playing this game the way the war shouldve panned out. germans smashing allies. (poor pommies) so many lost comrades. like the maccas slogan.... ""im lovin' it!"""
76561198103156817,Recommended,231430,32816873,Posted: 26 June,all,JangoUnbrained,"Great game, especially with the Spearhead Mod."
76561197982325896,Not Recommended,231430,32713325,Posted: 23 June,all,BoD,"it's rubbish, the story is painful, the game play is clunky as all hell. I really liked the first on I don't know how they made this one so bad."
,Recommended,231430,32863027,Posted: 27 June,all,ITTRz,Great game
,Recommended,231430,7789034,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Jerryzzq,This game is becoming better and better since the beta.  it will be an epic game in near future for sure with mods and custom maps.
76561198033456528,Recommended,231430,29107987,Posted: 7 January,all,Ranger,where is the us force pack? i dont receive the item????
,Recommended,231430,30173195,Posted: 25 February,all,Logocide,Difficult multiplayer. DLCs are fairly necessary. Interesting historical perspective.
,Recommended,231430,17808732,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,M-16(THE_BEST),"game is awesome , if u see im still playing it everyday , got 228 hours till now,really disappointed its not an esport game coz its a ""pay2win"" game.and why the hell if u buy a dlc there is a dlc in the dlc ??!! lol"
76561198161102008,Recommended,231430,18338873,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Annihilator,Great game!!
76561198020719976,Recommended,231430,9137334,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,D.O.G.,GO BUY IT NOWWW !!
,Recommended,231430,10803497,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,nsc,Shoot the mans
76561198158138297,Not Recommended,231430,32142110,Posted: 2 June,all,ffECL,No words to say，fuXk se
,Recommended,231430,26284001,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,White Diamond,"They finally made the Germans not wear winter coats in the middle of summer for once. SO that is a plus.Past that, realism mod makes the game extremely enjoyable. The game is German biased and that is a REFRESHING taste. Suck it you co<k eyed Russians.Anyway the game has great story, long campaigns and interesting multiplayer which is nearly dead at this point. But still lives.Also Microtran$action$ out the @$$ so that isn't fun. But still a great single player experience."
76561198012558516,Recommended,231430,16939221,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Dietz,"i have been a fan of coh from the begining but this one hasnt been all as expected.firstly all the dlc download that you have to pay for, and the server crashes.game play and graphics are really great.this is one of those burgers where you have to pay for the extras."
,Recommended,231430,961043,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Merry,"Burnt by the Sun 3: The GameEpic game about WWII, a sequel to Burnt by the Sun 2 (2010). Evil Stalin is terrorizing people of Russia while the Nazis are advancing.by Nikita Mikhalkov, Relic and SEGA"
,Recommended,231430,7091469,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,EASY,"Das Spiel macht einfach nur süchtig, wer echtzeitstrategie Spiele mag muss sich das einfach kaufen. Nicht so Geil wie der Erste Teil aber nah drann."
,Recommended,231430,10328697,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Eored,"This game is solid, love it, has a lot going for it, and with new DLC coming out, it'll be great solid 8.5/10"
,Recommended,231430,11142810,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,|SDL| camaudio,"Fun game, but the unit pathing is HORRIBLE"
76561198156471286,Recommended,231430,13617463,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,dagezou,"Awesome game.  Better than CoH1.  And getting better.  Single player is awesome, online is awesome.  I have no issues with balance as I like to play all the sides and find out how to beat them all.   And yes, it can be done.For all the people whining about expensive DLC, thats the industry now.   If games had the same rate of inflation as all other products then they'd be hundreds of dollars now since I was paying 70-80 dollars for games in the EARLY 80'S!  The only reason DLC exists in the first place is because cheap gamers refuse to pay more for games.    So they get broken up and sold in bits and the public thinks it's cheaper somehow.   This is basic marketing strategy and it works.   Blame your fellow gamers if it bothers you, they're the ones who make it work.  If DLC was a bad business decision, it wouldn't have lasted a week in the industry but it's here to say so obviously it's the right decision.For a game this good, I have no issue paying full price as I did for Ardennes.BTW, for the history buffs, you can build MICHAEL WITTMAN on the German side in his Tiger!  He's expensive and slow to build but he's a beast!"
76561198010185603,Recommended,231430,12205823,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Michael Wittmann,Game ok but i buy it few months ago and i buy it in games co uk for 5.99£ steam price is 29.99£ so i guess steam prices need to be more compared  with the game market itself.
76561197984172954,Recommended,231430,11288525,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Thamor,"Multiplayer is highly addictive, more so when you play 2v2, 3v3, 4v4 matches."
76561198119639510,Recommended,231430,11308274,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Seraphim,Definitly buy this game
,Recommended,231430,11849988,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Maxtasy,"If you like real time strategy games, but don't want to go as hardcore as Starcraft, this is the perfect game for you. The singleplayer missions are great, a little bit of story with lots of cutscenes. The multiplayer is awesome and it's not hard to find a match. You can play against AI or against real opponents in 1on1, 2on2, 3on3 and 4on4 format. The game also has Steam Workshop support for lots of custom maps, etc. I will probably put several hundred of hours into it.This game has microtransactions for cosmetic items and bonus content (commanders), but you can play the game fine without purchasing those.The game has free weekends sometimes, so give it a try. Or wait until it's on sale. If you want to jump right into it it's worth the full price!"
76561197994557884,Recommended,231430,10797867,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Craig Tait,"As a fan of the first COH i expected quite a bit from this game and I have been extremely happy so far.The DLC and support has been brilliant.The gameplay itself is reminiscent of the first game with a better game dynamis and much better AI.Buy this game, its worth every penny!"
76561197973149646,Not Recommended,231430,11091208,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,garyp156,"This game is terrible.  The controlled forces do stupid things.  I had 5 tanks against 1 and they all died.Even on easy.  MOW is awesome, this game truly sucks, and was a waste of money.You have to buy more pieces off steam all the time, even though I got it as a package.Don't waste your money."
,Recommended,231430,11129319,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,dskelton,Best Game Ever!
,Recommended,231430,11145415,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Smittybeb,This game is probably one of the best real time stratigic games I've every played. Highly recommended!!
,Recommended,231430,11186832,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Nibby2101,"I thought I would never say it..However I LOVE ADORE TAIME EVERYTHING about CoH1, and in my opinion it is quite tricky to really compete with that game, Company of Heroes 2 really did it. Every time I play it, i like it more and more.. The Western Front Armies is a really good expansion for the game and brings new tactics to it. The only downside I could find (so far) are the additional content I must buy... like... 'Have fun with this unfinished game we released for you..'It's a really good game and I find fun in playing it!"
,Recommended,231430,11283830,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Courtland,Better and cheaper than Rome II.
,Recommended,231430,11300794,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Lecapitain,An amazing completely underated game which has a complex strategic aspect and a nice dose of aesphetically pleasinf effects  which add another aspect to this stellar rts
,Not Recommended,231430,9791270,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Retard,Pretty much what Company of Heroes shouldn't have been. Where are the eyes and ears? Where are the people that need eyeballs? Who gonna get it done? It's just not the same
76561198007622706,Recommended,231430,10031080,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,ItsNavyChief,Great game!
,Recommended,231430,6361164,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Big Brother,A must to have for all strategy game lovers!
76561197994807371,Recommended,231430,13763581,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Crimson Sky Dux,A pretty good game especially for MP. The worst part is the campaign one as you play as comunists. would have been better a German side one.
,Recommended,231430,13649032,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,◔ᴥ◔ MagicPussyCat,"Reading the other reviews makes me wonder how much paint these people are eating. It's not a perfectly realistic WW2 sim? You're bad at the game and gave up after five hours? You bought a $40 standalone game thinking it was DLC? You actually have to pay money for totally non-essential things like camo, which nobody ever notices or cares about?? Fukken rip-off!CoH 2 is an amazing game with lots of interesting little mechanics and details, along with enough action and theatrics to keep it fun and engaging. It's like playing a movie about WW2. It's not a hyper-realistic autism simulator, it's not a super-easy casual game, and it's not for you if you like whining about campaign voiceovers more than actually playing the game you paid for."
76561198155642548,Not Recommended,231430,13809329,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Strangely Brown,BugSplat crash !!!!! 0/5
,Recommended,231430,28909811,Posted: 1 January,all,RIP ASHI DAMMIT,"Company of Heroes 2 is an RTS that, in my opinion, sits in a weird position. Don't get me wrong, I love this game, but allow me to start off with a few points of what it does wrong.- The tank AI in this game can be atrocious. Even telling the tank directly to reverse in a straight line from it's current position, sometimes it will do so, sometimes it flops around like a fish while getting shot at, and other times it will simply turn and drive forward despite specifically using the reverse command.- The same point as above applies to tanks when using average commands such as "" Move here "" and "" Fire at this target "". They will sometimes get needlessly close, when I desire to engage the enemy at range in order to facilitate quick withdrawl.- On certain maps, based on the start point you get, you can easily position yourself for almost guaranteed victory ( Stalingrad ).- The gameplay feels slightly more "" Out produce your enemy "" and less "" Use smart counters as effective force multipliers "" when compared to Company of Heroes 1. Don't get me wrong, this game has counters and positioning, and micromanaged properly, a force of 10 men can hit the enemy as 100, but it doesn't change the fact that there's a slight paradigm shift to "" Produce more, ♥♥♥♥ if they counter it, we'll just build more than they can counter. "" which isn't exactly wrong in an RTS, especially when you have dominance over the map and thus resources, but it is a notable shift from CoH 1.- The factions can seem unbalanced at times, but this is due to balancing for stages of the game. The OKW have a very strong dominance in the start of the game, the Kubelwagen allows them to quickly and effortlessly get a MG to a needed position *very* quickly. This is a huge boon to them, and on maps where controlling a certain point wins you the game, you're mostly ♥♥♥♥ed. The Wehrmacht have excellently spammable artillery, at least with my doctrines,  that allow for such absolute mortar fests in the middle of the game as to render an attacking enemy force without armor useless. The Russians have dominance over the early game after the start, because conscript waves. Even with Machinegun emplacements, you will be hard pressed to stop a well timed / positioned conscript wave. Especially in the early game where you likely only have 1 or 2 HMGs period, and they're not on the same spot.  The British are like cockroaches. Don't leave a British player too much time near your frontlines without being aggressive or at least scouting, because before you know it, 2 mortar emplacements and a Bofors 40mm will be down, effectively demolishing your infantry and medium tanks alike. The only ' good ' counters are a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of your own artillery and know this - The British player is not sitting idle while his defenses waste your time. Removing the British from an area is a pain, but understandably so.Now, for the positives.+ Idle chitchat among the units. This seems like a tiny point of no real matter, but to me the immersion of it is important. Whether the serious talk and black humor with the Wehrmacht, the cheeky sass of the British, or the aloof indignation from the Americans, hearing the occasional banter from squads is always great.+ The vehicle ( specifically tank ) combat. The tank combat is great. My favorite nations tanks to play with are by far the British. Using the AEC Scout Car with 75mm gun means that while a Churchill absorbs shots from it's front armor, the AEC's can flank and hit the enemy tanks in the rear. The game feels very rewarding when you micro your tanks / AT guns and successfully flank enemy armor. Especially armor that's bigger than yours.+ No unit feels particularly broken. While I did say you can perceive there to be faction bias, in reality it's a faction strength based on the current ' stage ' of the match. Maybe it's the map advantage the enemy has. It's very rare for me to think I've been ' cheated ' by the game, and this is important.+ Combined Arms used correctly with proper equipment will always be the deadliest force on the battlefield. Does the enemy have 2 Panzerwerfer 42's in the back, constantly bombarding your infantry when they push? Does the enemy have 3 Panzer V's, counter attacking with style when you take a point? The best counter is a mixed push. Artillery can soften up the position, killing or forcing the retreat of enemy infantry. Your armor advances with infantry support, who easily kill the crews on the AT guns about to fire. Your tanks mop up enemy MGs and maybe an AA gun that would've shredded your infantry. Your engineers move up to repair, and you move AT guns up to prepare for the counterattack. The most fun in Company of Heroes 2 is when you do that of what any RTS game wants you to do, but relatively few manage to pull off. Don't invest in tank rushes or infantry rushes ( Well not usually ) and use a combined force thought out properly to root out the enemy, beat off his offensive, and then counter attack repeating the process again.Company of Heroes 2 is a fun, fast paced RTS, that while has a bit of the mentality of out-produce-your-enemy that I personally dislike, is still a well rounded and fun strategy even with all the tiny nitpicks."
76561198143916080,Recommended,231430,17744596,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Dragon_of_Fire,This game is the best stratagey based game ive played in a while I went from the first company of heroes to the the third in the series Tales Of Valor and all three were amazing but shortly after i went to Men of war another equally good stratagey not so high in grafics like COH so even crappy PC's could play meaning all my friends and me could play together and just recently buysing company of heroes 2 a few months back has drawn me away from Men of war and Yet again COH has impressed but just by the game play in campain but the new engines they have added like the frost bite engine.I would say buy the real game without the DLC's cause the game alone is fun enough and its so open to the mod community for free custom maps and skins for vehicles for anyone but after a while if you want to change something up then go for the DLC's i just recently bought the British unit DLC and cant wait to download it i just hope in future updates they will bring in the British Vehicles from Company Of Heroes Opposing Fronts which was the second game in their series but You never know.But if you are looking for a strategy that will pass the time and yet have fun playing over and over again this will be your game so hope it was helpful and enjoy.
76561198100612140,Recommended,231430,25553525,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,•Genel2al l3eal2•,cool
,Recommended,231430,25711510,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Knight Maheruf,Love this one cos of online mod support without any problem and it's has way lot features than first Coh
76561198055384811,Recommended,231430,25805674,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Bombitriy [AIR],One of the best strategic games I've ever played in my entire life!
76561197970534805,Not Recommended,231430,23831823,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,BoNeMacHiNe,"COH1 was better. COH2 has timed missions where if you don't do it just right you have to repeat the missions just to beat it, by the time you are on the 10th attempt to accomplished the mission, you are sick of the game. If this is not your play style, it gets very annoying."
76561198167848553,Recommended,231430,21741493,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,WhiteHawk,"Company of  heroes is probably one of the best WW2 RTS games out there on the market. Personally, I love strategy games, planning a way to defeat your apponent with the rescources you have, to the hard AI that tests your abilities. From playing the past Company of heroes games, this one is amazing. The graphics are beautiful if you have a good computer, and feels like your their in the battle. I can tell they made the AI smarter than the past Company of heroes, so you wont get away with a win that easily. The physics and realism is excelent, and the maps are colourful. I highly recommend purchasing the masters collection before getting the main game. If you want to play all the factions, and make the war more intereting, buy the DLCS. Buy it, and go into a time portal to the great wars of our past."
76561198043685721,Not Recommended,231430,15623513,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Atreides,"This is in the basis a fun WW2 tactical/strategy game. However, if you wan't to have a relaxed multiplayer experience don't buy the game. The matchmaker is unbalanced, putting you as a beginner almost consistently against very experienced players, making most matches everything but a fair fight. With all these sales there should be enough new players looking for a game, alas you'll hardly ever meet them. Granted, you can learn something from continuous defence and defeats, but getting out of the trenches against very experienced players will take many many hours of gameplay, and it's not the most fun you'll ever have being a punchbag all the time.Another negative point is the main game screen being mostly about the latest DLC. That's far to pushy to my liking. If you paid for a game the main game menu should not be mainly about trying to get you to spend more money on it."
76561198113284164,Recommended,231430,32185364,Posted: 4 June,all,sassuss,Great game!!!
,Recommended,231430,32182433,Posted: 4 June,all,Sp00ky D4yt0r,Good Game!
,Not Recommended,231430,23770011,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,tom++,"Some time ago, if we bought a game, we've got a complete game.Today, Company of Heroes 2 ""offers"" me to buy the ""Ultimate Completionist Pack"" for ... more than 300US$.It's no joke.We can only stop such things if we stop supporting those companies like Relic Entertainment."
76561197965826399,Not Recommended,231430,24806720,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Bram,"The gameplay is really really really good. Best strategy gameplay ever.The developer however is realy really bad.- DLC- Ingame store with pay to win (commanders)- Bugs, bugs, bugs.- Multiplayer developed in 1850, non stop syncissues, 9/10 games starts with a player dropping from the game.- The ladders are♥♥♥♥♥♥ dropping from a game isn't punished.- DROPHACK still happening.- The UI is made by a blind person, in paint.- No ingame voice- No keybindings, mouspanning?!?! WTF!"
76561198004268424,Not Recommended,231430,24897684,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,derhennef,"This game is annoying on so many levels!I was a great fan of CoH, but this game took it all and replaced it by annoying troops, arguably worse engine, and a campaign made out of a boring story and horribly scripted gameplay. Well done ruining that :("
76561198146127110,Recommended,231430,17577866,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,DovaKaneWarrior,"Awesome game, best stratagy ever"
,Recommended,231430,13021486,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,TDL_Consecrated2718,Germans Win WW2: 10/10 historical accuracy
,Recommended,231430,13629657,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Bluedrank,"An extremely fun game. While the game's single player campaign is enjoyable, the real heart of the game rests in the multiplayer portion. Unfortunately, Relic's stance on long term balacing leaves much to be desired. After playing this game, I often question whether or not the developers know Germany lost World War II."
,Recommended,231430,13744998,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,El_Duque,"Best WWII strategy game ever. Amazing graphic designs and incredible destruction animations. Including a lot of tactical features for you to command your people to the glory.Some Russians claim that it is not accurate but I think it is. Communism was a dictatorship, there were no mercy with their own soldiers."
76561198138478994,Not Recommended,231430,16368133,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sergeant Major Brown,"I want everyone to be aware of this, if you have company of heroes 1 and can run it on full max graphics along with all the other games in your library, you may not be able to run company of heroes 2. The only way you can run it is if you go buy a brand new computer, or you are some kind of super nerd and can customize your computer and change the drivers inside. I just bought this game on sale for $20 and i couldn't even run it on minimun settings because the framerate was like 10fps. Got a refund from steam but it takes 7 ******* days to go back on to my card so i cant get a game for another week. Im just praying the sale lasts until then. If you don't have a government super computer, you can not run this game."
,Not Recommended,231430,13185182,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,GRIMM11,"Pros:Russian campaign feels authentic, every mission is a tough fightMore levels of veterancy for the unitsLarge variety of special abilitiesWinter storms during matches adds a pause to battles (makes for an interesting change in the pace)Cons:Wargear-like Commander and perk selection from Dawn of War didn't feel right and got confusingAI is really difficult even on low settingsGraphics are nearly the same as COH1 but it runs much worseAlot of DLC that is not uninformily grouped in Steam"
,Recommended,231430,24771054,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Cleverslim,Its ok
76561198092374170,Not Recommended,231430,10461950,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Lord Protector,"Having played the original Company of Heros I had high hopes when I saw the sequal on sale. Needless to say I was disapointed. It didn't take many hours of gameplay to notice the complete absence of two core features that made CoH great. This was the complete removal of the command point system. In CoH one of the most defining features of the game, atleast in my opinion, was the command point system. Through battle you earned points for defeating enemies, caputing points, and so on. You then could use these points to purchase upgrades for your selected play-style or ""company"". In CoH2 this is absent replaced instead by set abilities, most of which are almost completely useless, or so expensive they aren't worth using, and there is no way to actualy spend the command points you earn! The points count up and unlock the set abilities. The second thing missing was variations in story. In CoH you could play as the U.S. Army's Able company, the Comonwealth's Expeditionary Force, or as the elite Panzergrenadiers of the Third Reich. Each army had different play styles and tactics as well as unique missioins and objectives. In CoH 2 the only story avaliable is that of the Soviet's Red Army, which while definitely a new feature, as they were excluded from the first game, does get old after awhile.The addition of the U.S. Army and German Oberkomando West in the ""new"" Ardennes Assault expansion brought us a completely useless german faction which takes too long to train sufficient forces and has had ALL support weapons (MG and mortars) as well as snipers removed. The U.S. faction is just as slow with the requirement to access a building being the recruitment of an officer that is 1. Totally useless in battle and 2. Takes forever to train.While the addition of the British Forces does expand the army selection, it also does something else, something Relic/Sega are notorious for: it un-balances the game! In the beginning you had two (2) armies: The Soviets (allies) and the Wermacht (Axis) a 1:1 ratio which meant that multiplayer matches would have equal amounts of a specific side. Even with the OKW and USF the balance was maintained because what did you get? Again one Ally and one Axis. The problem with the Brits is no Axis faction was brought in with them as a counterpart and as such the force ratio now stands at 3:2 Allies:Axis. I just played a 3v3 with two OKW and one Wermacht against one Soviet one Brit and one US army. We got obliterated. Sega needs to fix the A.I. so it has to deal with fog of war, resources, population, basicaly play by its own rules. They also need to re-balance the factions by releasing another Axis army. I hear Italy and Japan are being asked for.The multiplayer components (both PvP and PvE are virtualy dead. You can find yourself waiting nearly tewnty minutes for a match! Keep in mind this is will all difficulties and map sizes ticked as well as no map vetoes. So right now the singleplayer campaigns are just about your only viable avenue of play.At last we get to the good part. The A.I. I don't know if Relic programed the computer to be this hard from the begining or if they slowly increased the base dificulty over time. People say that ""standard"" level enemies are easy. I say they either lied or they hack their games. Because standard enemies are impossible to defeat. one on one maybe but get any bigger than that and you can forget it. I don't understand the cumpulsion to make games so hard that they cease to be ANY fun to play, and CoH 2 has fallen into this trend. The A.I. swarms you will impossible numbers even on easy and your A.I. allies don't even try to resist. Worse yet, the A.I. cheats. It isn't restricted by recource income. In fact you can take EVERY point on the map (this should mean that the enemy is down to single-digit income) and the enemy is still sending medium armor and infantry as if they never lost ground. The A.I. is also omnipotent, it knows the locations of all units at all times. Which explains how the enemy can always seem to move their infantry JUST out of your grenade range. Lastly, this is my favorite, the A.I. Doesn't build units, which would cost resources, it spawns them. This ties back to how the A.I. can achieve numbers that should be impossible in both cost to produce and population limit. The A.I. is un-fetted by either limitation but if you watch a replay and do the math you'll find that the amount of enemies on the map shouldn't be possible as you can't train that many because your population will fill up."
,Not Recommended,231430,16589235,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Tower Tom,"Its bad, coh 1 is much much better!"
,Not Recommended,231430,25321606,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,The Latvian Shieldmaiden,"After 350+ hours I cannot recommend this game - if you go Germans, you'll get smashed by DLC-hoarding British Players and US players, Soviets are OP as always. OKW has been nerfed heavily and Eastern Front Germans are really the only valuable thing left for that side. I can't say this game will improve knowing the nature of the game-makers, but it's pretty much an unbalanced, DLC ridden game that'll rob you of a hundred dollars max."
,Recommended,231430,17921490,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,shmexykitten,Drugs
,Recommended,231430,12490736,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Hihoo,"Not a bad game, because it is nearly the same as the first company of heroes with less functions.But Overall a good game."
,Recommended,231430,33991836,Posted: 3 August,all,foo,"Great Strategy game. I wasnt a big Company of heroes fan when the first one came out, but after playing this one for several hours I give it a thumbs up. But it's a shame that the multiplayer is pay to win."
76561198041178531,Not Recommended,231430,23706753,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,General Kurama,Was fun at first.Then the OKW got nerfed to hell. No supression. No Shreks for volks.??? (Because of blobbing)And then they buff the Americans xD (Blobbers everywere) Priceless.
76561198316734124,Recommended,231430,25697674,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,dylan_teng,I like this game since beginning
76561198130155774,Recommended,231430,24446893,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Mr. Kiko™,Balance updates ruined everything :'C
76561198022727692,Not Recommended,231430,23803400,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,RitterHype,Just like CoH 1 but bad and with dlcs worth 276% of the basegame
76561197968515916,Recommended,231430,318852,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,WereChihuahua,Ignore the fake 'reviews' from butthurt Russian crybabies. This is an outstanding game.
,Recommended,231430,21988797,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,{LNC}Chancey1980,Epic Strategy game that really makes you think about your tactics rather than just churning out units. Really emersive gameplay and physics. Very respectful of the era with appropriate detail. Multiplayer is great fun also. AI is challenging on the right maps although the difficulty levels are usually bolstered by faster resourcing and unit production which is basically cheating.
76561198026753382,Not Recommended,231430,21490514,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,MANK,"Almost 1400 hours I played this game, it was quite a rollercoaster, the game got reinvented several times, dynamics changed, contend got added, nerfs. buffs etc. but since roughly half a year this game is just not what it has been. It's in my opinion hugely disbalanced to the favor of the Allies - I know, many people out there think OKW is disbalanced with the Volksblob - it's a fact, that auto match searches have been ~65% Axis - ~35% Allies in the past, while it is now ~20% Axis - ~80% Allies, I let that speak for itself. I am not even getting into detail in regards to bugs, it would simply go beyond the scope of this review. I accept bugs as something that can happen during the process of the development of a game, as long as they get fixed quickly, no big problem - and Relic is fixing those bugs relatively quickly, it is just a bit unprofessional and hard to understand why some really obvious and disastrous bugs get implemented in a patch. ( Just one map for each Multiplayer mode, that should take 5 tests Relic's end to be spotted. )What I find really concerning is Relic's general handling of issues and their focus of priorities, maybe I just don't see the full picture and maybe Sega is forcing Relic to make a certain profit with the game rather than fine tune the disbalance and let the game be as good as it could be - or they simply want more money themselves. Things I don't know, I see though how they use their resources and that bugs me a lot.So, ever since the British Forces got introduced to the game, the game was quite off. Dynamic got changed and ""didn't work as intended"", whole armies got an overhaul only to be changed again, nerfs, buffs, new conted etc. the whole community was complaining about different things. To ease all those problems it would have taken a lot of work and several patches, but step by step, right? Nobody is perfect and so on. But what does Relic do? They focus on ESL tournaments! Instead of taking care of the software itself which is at the moment just not balanced they promote this faulty game. Then the 25th Feb patch got announced, I was hoping for a bit more changes on the dynamic etc. but it has been a step in the right direction - I thought - then I read what the new commanders of the UK do, they exacerbate the actual problem of the game that it just about holding certain spots of a map and defend it with all kind of things so it will end up in a support weapon battle - which is just not much fun.To summarize all this ( sorry for the long post ) I think Relic is not interesed in balancing the game ( at the moment ) but to get as many people as possible to buy the latest content. Which means in conclusion for me, there is no point for me playing a broken game and I ran out of patience with Relic.I don't recommend this game, nothing is makes your blood boil more than this piece of software code."
,Not Recommended,231430,21466504,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,ameanasaur,DLC Simulator 2013
76561198039867922,Not Recommended,231430,21466863,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,The Pistol Waver,DLC SIMULATOR get Europe at War mod instead. It's what Company of Heros 2 should have really ended up like.
76561198023109428,Not Recommended,231430,21468185,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Molasar,"DON'T BUY, game used to be fantastic. Single player sucks, multiplayer is where the fun was at but the developers of the game can't leave it alone and add a patch to complete change things every couple months and it screws it up. The community is slowly dying out.. Really a shame because they had a great game a year ago and then they just had to keep tinkering.One week they would nerf a tank, the next week buff it, the next nerf it again. Like a panicked rat running back and forth they can not make up their mind what they want to do with this game. As a player who reached level 249(2 star 49 prestige) and playing god knows how many hours in this game, it's a real shame but I uninstalled the game. Too many kids, too many changes and they've completely abandoned the Germans and are now focused on the british(paid content).Don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,231430,21511900,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Admiral Ozzy,"TL;DR: I regret spending money on this game...I got the western front allies as a gift from a friend a couple years ago because we both loved the original CoH.  And when I played this one, other than having to get use to the new and ""cramped"" (short range) of gameplay, it was really good.  But it seemed like every patch they released to ""balance"" the game made the game worse and worse and worse.Then they added the Brits and everything became completely unplayable.  Both Axis sides have been nerfed to almost literally shooting nerf rounds at any allied side that the axis should just be called ""nerf or nothing.""  The axis is twice as expensive to get any unit while the allies can quickly build 3 tanks to counter your two non-AT squads.  Matchmaking is a joke even when they say ""we fixed it"" which is complete and total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.There balancing seems to be focused on ""tweaking"" one side at a time, nerfing, buffing, what-have-you, releasing it to the base game, then not understanding while the side they just worked on isn't balanced to the rest of the game while saying ""good news everyone: we made pathfinding even better and released some commanders for you to pay us to use them.""Don't get me wrong, I like playing the axis side but playing the allies is just boring simply because ""woo I have 3 tanks and my friend has 3 tanks and we're fighting against axis that has none...woo we're so pro...""  If there was a back and forth it'd be nice but when the allies can just spam units to win, it's boring and frustrating.Simply put:play axis - lose unless the allied player(s) just started playing.  Even if dumb, if playing against UK, you lose.play allies - spam cheap units and win by shear number on the field.  Play UK, win because you can't be killed and you can kill everything.The UK side has been overpowered since it was added and after so many patches it looks like they're not going to even try to bring them into line with the rest of the game and in fact added more overpowered units recently...locked behind commands you have to buy of course...and are simply saying to us the players ""it's raining, ignore the fact that we're♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on you.""EA wanted to make a F2P command and conquer game like this a few years ago and so many people got mad at them that they actually cancelled making that game cause it would be unfair to people who didn't buy special units.  But Sega/Relic are doing exactly that ever so slowly to there P2P game which is slowly becoming that C&C game and no one seems to care.GG Sega/Relic, you use to be cool, now your just money hungry, lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.  Hope when it goes F2P that Sonic the Hedgehog will be driving a King Tiger or Churchill...paying for Sonic of course in your overpriced store."
,Not Recommended,231430,17668065,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Nerru,"The game itself is okay. But then again I didn't get a chance to play it properly, and here is why:I purchased it when it was on sale. I started the Soviet campaign and as you can see by the few achievements I got, I did play it for a while. Then one day I start the game and the campaigns menu offers me to buy the game. Pretty much every other menu in the game offers to 'Purchase' something. Funny thing is though: when I click on purchase it takes me to the Steam page that tells me the game is already purchased...I've tried contacting customer support but they did not provide any meaningfull response and ignored my question as to what should be available for the game I have purchased. If you consider buying it, keep this in mind."
76561198009735484,Not Recommended,231430,26442571,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,emyeuvietnam,heavy propaganda on the campaigns.shame since this quite a good game
76561198014061753,Not Recommended,231430,26378706,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Kenickie,"+ ProsGraphics are fairly decentGreat sounds from explosions and weaponsGood voice actingFarily responsive unitsAI is pretty decent- ConsSEGAs' DLC whoring continues, selling Commanders for 5$Grinding to the ends of times to get basic thingsThe DLC commanders and factions are extremly unbalanced and overpoweredCan't shoot undefended units like Flak gunners or Halftrack gunners, you need to blow them up to get rid of themServer issues in matchmakingCommunity which leaves games constantly, sometimes after 3 minutesNo penalty for leaving gamesPoor AT choices for Soviet UnionPoor defence options for  Soviet UnionPoor tank options for Soviet UnionThe game is pretty fun and engaging, at the same time it's really boring to know that if the other team has a ''Oberkommando West'', US or Britain and you are only stuck with the vanilla factions you've already lost the game. The game is extremly unbalanced because of this but of course SEGA will not care because they have already made their money. I would suggest to get the first Company of Heroes, can be picked up on Steam with either the old version or the new version by SEGA. Other titles i recommend are Men of War 1 and 2, very great games free from gamebreaking DLCs', however might be problems to get the Multiplayer to work properly.TL;DR : Game is unbalanced, poor community, Pay 2 win, Buy CoH 1 or MoW 1 or 2."
76561198040313796,Not Recommended,231430,9924074,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,ArcherSeraph,Everybody now that....COMPANY OF DLC!!!!
76561197971045920,Not Recommended,231430,9935667,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,MaximusJB,"Very annoying ""strategy"" game. It's more like a 3rd person shooter. And you can't take and hold territory or progress. You're just jumping from one command point to another. Just juggling command points. If you try to move forward to take one you'll lose one behind you and vice versa. Really annoying. If you say, ""That's what war is like."" My response, ""I didn't know there were command points on the real life battle field."" UN-INSTALL!"
,Recommended,231430,10080401,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Yuedar,"Fun game to play casually especially if you liked the first one. Tho not the most balanced I suppose that keeps to historical accuracy but doesn't always translate into fun. Russia is pretty underwhelming and I miss playing with US forces.A decent selection of maps but would like to see more especially in the bigger games (3v3 , 4v4)Good graphics and sound effects a like.Satisfying when you kill or snipe troops.Be prepared for a heavy dose of stratigical experience."
76561197976578046,Not Recommended,231430,9925323,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,reaverkin,"Poor balance, fewer features both in terms of gamely,  games modes and online features then the original (which even so many years later still shines)  Feels like a pay-to-win.  I would never have bought  it when it came out had I known it would be such a money grab.  If you really must own it, be patient and wait for 66% sale on principal."
76561197994408776,Not Recommended,231430,9926531,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Spawnfärkäl,"While this was one of the most awaited games, i was looking at, the outcome was really disappointing.I don't wat to talk about the flaws of the ai or the uninspired campaign...The two most annoying things in coh2are:1st the point of view... the scale you can zoom out of the map way too small&2nd the game mode, which isnt about any kind of a tactical play... its just a run for flags... even sc is better at that.I was so disappointed about the experience that i already uninstalled it.For those looking for a game coh2 should have been, i recommend take a look at Men of War Assault Squad 2. Even though it is beta, it is way more worth a try then this!"
,Recommended,231430,10040835,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,RichieX1 [7CMBG],10/10 Its A great game
,Recommended,231430,10047808,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Palooka,
,Not Recommended,231430,10065668,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Deng Swatzping,Go buy CoH 1 and DL the Soviet front mod and bam you have CoH 2 with more features factions and units
,Not Recommended,231430,10176210,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Das Claw,"Company of Heroes 2 is just a shell of what Company of Heroes used to be. Generic combat, underpowered feel, gimmick blizzard conditions, and absurd multiplayer DLC requirement; CoH2 is nothing suprising, a very average RTS; from what was an outstanding franchise.CoH2's combat feels very generic. Every explosive weapon feels about the same, regardless of whether it's an anti-tank gun, or a high explosive shell. Infantry combat seems to suffer the same problem. The units in CoH2 also feel horribly meaty, like someone used a keyboard while wearing mittens, and ended up with a few extra zeros added onto everythings health. There is nothing outstanding for the vast majority of units; even extremely expensive high caliber AT or HE howitzer guns.The lack of large scale battles is also a very large minus for what era this game is designed around. A hard limit of 100 population, when most units are 4-8; and many larger units are 10 or more population. The lack of units makes every unit lost a massive investment, as replacing it could be equivalent to several minutes of resource production.The meaty units, combined with the very slow pace of production, along with the lack of tactical usefulness for most units; makes combat uninteresting at best.The blizzard conditions are a very haphazard addition to the game. Requiring very little back-end and actual game design to implement, and adding almost no value. Blizzards are a minor annoyance at best.While the game does cost some money to purchase; Company of Heroes 2 is listed as a balanced multiplayer RTS. Which CoH2 utterly fails at. The inclusion of a rediculous pay wall for any decent commander doctorine, locking out a majority of the basis of multiplayer; is pay to win at its finest. The fact that you purchase the base game, just to be required to buy DLC to be competative in multiplayer is horrid. There are MANY free to play games without a multiplayer DLC paywall; and CoH2 is not a free to play game."
,Recommended,231430,5519629,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,FKA effay,10/10 would die for glorious leader again
76561198095695290,Not Recommended,231430,16567381,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Dangerous-Cloth,"The game is horrible. why you might ask? Well let me explain:- Relic ( alsno known as Reich Entertainment or Soon™) doesn't support it with full effort. They patch it every 6 months, with minimal effort, and add some little changes here and there. They claim the player base can't handle a radical change, the player base disagrees. This results in a game that gets very small updates once every half year(!!!), which means you will have balance issues, exploits, horrible faction and game design that might get fixed once every six months or not at all.- The balance is horrible, the factions aren't made with the others in mind, they are simply build, with 'cool' stuff and thrown in there. You have a call in system that requires no teching of base structures to get very powerfull tanks. One faction can literally dominate the battlefield without teching and just solely rely upon call ins.- RNG is the utter definition of this game. RNG (random number generation) uses a system that randomly generates changes of penetration, damage, citrical damage etc etc. For example you can throw a grenade and see it do no damage. You can have a tank at the brink of death, shoot at its rear with two powerfull tanks and see all of your shots bounce off and see your tanks get killed instead. You can get a recon plane shot down on your units, annihilating entire armies and even king tigers. You can have mortar shells wiping entire squads in one blow (german weapon teams consist of 4 men, they have this a lot), you can see flamethrowers do no damage, or wipe a unit in one burst. A tank can have 10% health left, it suddenly gets main gun critical, engine critical, gunner critical etc etc, every time cheating death.This game is horrible with rng, they can't get rid of it since it is in the primary design.- Map desing adds to the imbalances, if you have a horrible map as Germans, one that is way to open, the Allied early game will steamroll you and you can never win. If You have a map with chokepoints (few in the game), you will lose as allies because the German weapon crews can shut it down long enough for them to get their strong artillery and late game tanks.- The game modes are horribly imbalanced as well. 4v4 will see Germans win 90% of the time due to their late game armor. 1v1 sees Soviets win all the time due to their strong call ins. 2v2 is pretty good, and that is the only game type that seems a bit balanced-DLC. Relic keeps pumping out new factions($), new DLC ($), anything they can get money from, yet they don't fix the game. For example, the commanders have some standard ones you get with the game, the most powerfull ones that can literally give you wins, cost money. Skins for vehicles cost money, a single player expansion costs 40 dollars. Some singleplayer campaings cost 15-20 dollars.-Alpha tests. You will have some alpha tests, you can test all their new ideas and potential fixes. Once you tested them and have given your feedback with good faith, they will simply throw away 4/5 of the potential changes (the good ones that is) and throw in some lousy changes (the other 1/5) after another six months. They stab you in the back over and over again. They are a horrible company, one that deserves no money let alone your money!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, safe yourself from wasted money, painfull experiences with horrible frustration"
76561198041274912,Recommended,231430,29184270,Posted: 11 January,all,John Constantine,Best game in the world!
76561197974396757,Not Recommended,231430,13629261,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,きつね,"Good game , badly executed.- Gameplay   = Decent- Graphics     = Good- Sound         = Okay- True to life = Not a chance- Real units   = Nope , most tanks can shoot futher then a rifle...Bad points ? , the  war spoils "" crate drop system "" = Never get anything good, this is a problem with 1000+ posts on an "" offical "" post which has had no interaction by the company or response.See the pretty skins / camo jobs on steam ? , yea you wont get that you will play for say 300 odd hours and still have most of your units without paint jobs, without commanders and unless you use mods will never see the full range of units...Dont worry every time you launch the game it will say "" buy this or that now ""..., yep pay for a war game get unpainted units and sometimes repetitive or bland gameplay with no true "" rewards "" for playing , it feels as if the company is moving toward a "" pay to win "" type plan , except you already paid...Not recommended until the war spoils is fixed or if you dont mind wasting $10.00 on a game."
,Recommended,231430,13306931,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Kingen72,i love this game. there is always new taktiks and a lot of fun. one of my best games!
76561198006773050,Not Recommended,231430,10583748,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,TargetStalker,"I have been a huge fan of Compan of Heroes. I have tried hard to play the game as the Russians and not the Overpowered German side. The game is one sided. Anyone who denies this does not look at the que. 75% germans looking for a game to 25% russians looking for a game.The russians have no good anti tank infantary. Russian tanks take more fuel to build than German tanks. Can not go toe to toe with German tanks. The game is great if you want to play the German side. Maybe the game will change the new western front package. I have tried really hard to make it work. I take breaks and come back to play hoping it is fixed. Nope.Coop is great and fun, but pvp is frustrating."
,Recommended,231430,9102790,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,*MASSIVE INVASION*,Best RTS Of 2013
76561198123743936,Recommended,231430,16701994,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Standard Grenadier,"This game is a peice of art, i loved sience the day i saw it, it's amazing and truly great it isin't realistic like MoW but it has that great feel in it that makes my heart Worm, yes it has some balancing problems but by getting good in-game youll come over those problems, learn to micromanagment like a Pro and then perfectrly time stuff like arty place mines and hide A AT-gun to smash enemy tanks machine guns pew,pew,pew Rifle Granades,the times when you wipe out suqads is amazing JUST BUY IT it's totally worth your money"
,Recommended,231430,11152303,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Barbecuesaus,"Great game, i only dislike the fact they dont give u acces to full content and hold back on army's to pick from.Even tho i stil enjoy the game but i wish the pay-to-play shop changed into cosmetics only or such.In the end its an awsome game but u dont get all content after u purchased it."
76561198057804864,Recommended,231430,12608519,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,[RYz3n]  DoNeLD TrUmPeT,-great tactical gameplay-good continuation from the orginal COH-better graphics-entertaining/enjoyable-satsifaction-overall 8/10
76561198043669565,Recommended,231430,10057486,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,HotCocoa,"Not a lot has changed since CoH 1.  Still very good, wait until it goes on sale."
,Recommended,231430,10122556,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,[UEA] ArchinNR,"I had a strange feeling for this game. First of all as a Russian, I was little angry and offended when I discover a story line behind the campaign.(As most of Post Soviet people), so when I was about buyng this game I said to myself I won't play the campaign. And I believe this is a main disadvantage of the game, stupid, unrealistic story in the campaing.I was surprised with soviet solders voices and what they are saying while you order them to do something.  Sound really great; and they don't look and sound like fools or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, as the game indusrty likes to show them. I think it is a pros.If you don't want to play stupid campaign there are other mods which are great. I don't play multiplayer (as it can be ""time hungry"", not alwayse have time for long session), so most of the time I spend playing with AI. Here is another problem: while enemies behave like they must and do whatever to win, my allies can just stop in the middle of the map, and they will send more troops and tanks to this spot. Or another example: there is a allie's  tank and it stays on your base for the whole game.Otherwise it is a good, decent game."
76561198061507069,Recommended,231430,10149005,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,EpicTrollinator csgolive.com,"I love this game its so much fun, and personally I find it better than the first as it allows more vertasile (sorry if I spelled that wrong) with the commanders and doctrines, it has multiple new units in multiplayer and in the campaign. It features a new theatre of war and army customizer with loadouts, skin and bullitens that help your units in matches. I don't really understand why so many people dislike this game, especially when some have like, 100, 200-500 hours on record of it.Anyway this is a great game hope relic continues what they are doing."
,Not Recommended,231430,11644209,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Calzone,DLC: The Game.  stay away from it at all costs.  Not even worth playing unless you're a DLC ♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198093141835,Recommended,231430,9588028,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Gentleman Skeleton,"To be honest I don't realy understand where a lot of the hate for this game is coming from, these bad reviews made me question whether or not I should buy this game. But I am so glad I did, I haven't been able to put it down recently and I am having great fun playing. So if the bad reviews have made you not want to buy this game, I hope this one will help change your mind."
,Recommended,231430,9610122,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Space Goose,"Each update fixes the game further. Although off to a rough opening, this game is continually progressing more being an RTS that can be seen in a competitive game. There is never a definite victor, the battles shift from winners to losers unexpectedly, ensuring that players must stay on their toes throughout the game. The germans are easier to play, which makes them win more commonly, but the high ranking stats show it is nearly 50/50 balanced."
,Recommended,231430,10049821,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,dennieclark08,"this game is amazing in the perspective of a stratagy game. i love it. but compared to the originals it falls short and the campaign is extremly offensive to most. but most people saying this game sucks are just for the most part jumping on a bandwagon. they always are trying to compare this to the original which is why it gets negative reviews. (original had more armies and ect.) but this one will be getting two more armies as dlc soon and its extremly realistic gameplay. this game is far more challenging then the original company of heroes. it takes alot of skill to win with russians but germans are very easy to win with. many people are upset with this but at same time this is extremly realistic since the german forces during this time were the top♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the russians were getting slaughtered during ww2 and barly made a comeback. btw im russian and i find this game amazing one of the best rts game ive ever played. i highly recommend it if your looking for fun and is a stratagy fan or love a good challenge. dont recommend it to people who want a accurate history lesson and isnt a hardcore rts gamer and with the new playable armies obberkomndo west and the US forces its even better :) though i feel that that US forces and Oberkommando west heavily overpower the russians and wehrmat forces (cant pronounce that army lol). from what i can see the Oberkommando west offer the absolute most powerful units in the game and play very much like the british from the original COH. but their huge weakness is their lack of resources and lack of units (not as many units as the other armies) but they make up for it with pure overwhelming power. i mean their starting enginers generally slaughter all the other armies enginiers in a one on one combat. but the oberkomandos biggest strength is its super heavy tanks. The US Forces have the biggest arsenal and most variety compared to others. their tanks are easily the weakest tanks in the game. BUT their troops..... my god their infantry wreck others lol mainly the paratroopers and rifleman. the best thing bout them is they have ALL their buildings BUILT FROM START. the US forces are ALWAYS dominate during early game because of this. unless of course your going against easy AI. now the russians have a great mix of tanks and infantry but their infantry isnt all that great but their tanks are good, soviet infantry are mostly just cannon fodder. id say the russians have the best artillery and mortor crews in the game. and the wehrmacht well if youve played the original COH you already know their strengths and weaknesses their pretty similar :) hope i helped i again recommend this game and expansion to all serious RTS gamers"
,Recommended,231430,10120967,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Little Blue™,"Don't know where people are getting the ""it's too hard"" from, maybe they're playing a different game. Regardless, Company Of Heroes 2 is fun. I prefer the original, simply because I dislike the faster pacing this game seems to have. For some, it's a plus. For me, it's not. There appears to be less you do in this one (less to build, fewers units, etc) even if that's not true at all. It's odd to explain, but it just left a bad impression on me. Skirmishes were my favorite part in 1, and in 2, they didn't hold me.Still, it's a good game. I think I got 30 dollars worth of fun from the campaign."
76561197989146543,Recommended,231430,10122802,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,EoDoc,Amazing game. Only complaint is that the campaign is a little too short and the online format is not as good as the previous COH.
76561198030962090,Recommended,231430,10134522,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Denten,"All the reviews I see talk about how the game introduces nothing really new to the series; that's a good thing. The original game was nearly perfect, and the developers were smart enough to not mess with the core mechanics. It's an addictive, in-depth RTS experience just like the original."
76561198006533071,Recommended,231430,10153080,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Hard Boiled Egg,"Its a great game. However its not for the faint hearted, the campaign is alot of fun and seems fair and your usual RTS fayre, but when you get into online skirmish mode expect to get your backside handed to you repeatedly while you are being taught how to play by a seemingly invincible AI. Once you get the hang of how to play properly you'll enjoy it alot more, but even then you can't be certain of a win in every match up.The game is getting great support from its dev team and the patches that have rolled out have responded well to the community without pandering to whiners. Visually the game is great, its a brutal reflection of that war and the commentary from your soldiers is entertaining as always.When you buy it, stick with it for a bit and don't be afraid of ramping up the difficulty to school yourself how to play quicker, so that when you roll back a level everything seems normal."
76561198029475871,Recommended,231430,10170946,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,o_pronking_o,A great strategy game you can jump in and figure out as you go- but veteran CoH players who understand how to build and counter their enemy will succeed easier. Multiplayer is fun in 4v4 IF there is 4 decent(read intelligent) players.
76561198060604671,Recommended,231430,10178282,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Seira J. Loyard™ღ,I love Company of Heroes 2 :)   so much fun when you are playing it with friends
76561198012319074,Recommended,231430,9570617,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,ChillyAroundTheWilly,Excellent strategy game reminiscent of the Warhammer series.
76561198080499372,Recommended,231430,9636682,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Warpath,Great Fun!
,Not Recommended,231430,10034464,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Hiijinx,"A mixed review from the perspective of a COH 1 ""turtle"" player - I really wished there was a ""neutral"" vote option.While the graphics are a step up from the original, I cannot really add much more to the Pros for this game for me.THQ collapsing mid way through production of this game really does show as it feels untidy and lacking polish.The game throws you into the Eastern front later into the war from COH1 with the option of the Wehrmacht or the Soviet Army - much the same as the excellent (and free) Mod for COH1 which I definetely recommend trying.The commander trees, although many, are frustratingly complex and unfriendly to manage but this is the least of my complaints.Tank traps - only added in a recent patch, are only an option via the commander tree so if your a turtle player, like me, who enjoys the more defensive side of tactics, you are SooL. The mechanics favour rush players who like to throw as many soliders into the fight as possible which is shown in the map choices, very few defensive maps - although you can download many COH1 maps ported by fans in the steamworkshop.Good when on sale for a bit of fun, but I really cannot recommend this over COH1 + Eastern Front mod."
76561197963034647,Not Recommended,231430,10055975,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Freezy Pop,"Horrible game balance and p2w  commander system, avoid.Update: I have come back since the British expansion and I see Major balance changes have been made.  I need to play alot more of the new updates to see if it has fixed my older concerns with this title."
76561198007349979,Recommended,231430,10136969,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,PRIVATEER,"I've played company of heroes for four years and yes it sucks what happened to the original game and it's servers. The ultimate as far as I'm concerned is the Blitzkreig mdd. Awsome. I work at sea so I play allot offline and enjoy camapaigns (thanks for making COH1 unplayable off line !!!) I've played the campaign and thouroughly enjoyed it, the developers have gone to allot of effort and there are some excellent features in the new version, it does take a bit to get used too. I find skirmishing the AI real hard especially playing as the germans.Imagine developing a game that is a mix of the best of Blitzkreieg, COH2 and the original.Nice work, neat game."
76561198069539131,Recommended,231430,10183348,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,goanabob,very nice game very addictive never gets boring
76561198074689831,Recommended,231430,33587048,Posted: 16 July,all,no step on snek,isgud
76561198028972655,Not Recommended,231430,24046191,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,MADDOG,"As much as I loved the first one, I really hate this one. it seems that they did it in a hurry and no thoughts went into making this game, just make number 2 so we can get more cash. interface is very poorly made, graphics are doll and un attractive even on the highest options. The game lacks the ""spirit"" overall not worth it."
76561198032078899,Not Recommended,231430,26548741,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,The Bassist Gamer,"Would i recommend the game?Yes and noYes:Engine is good and stable and it can handle the units really well.Stock campaign actually has a good story behind it as well as a built in feature to guide new players into learning the game.Yes there is ""bad language"" in but in all honesty, the troopers would of been swearing their heads off anyway.The rank system where you play games, earn points and then every so often it drops a item for you. That works out nicely as it get players to want to play the game. It also gives you some supply which is used to buy things out of the in-game store. You can also buy things from that store with your money.Model details are very niceCustomisable skills and skins etc is also a nice touch.No:The campaigns are fun and all but come to the skirmish mode for both online and against the AI, that is where it is lacking badly.The lack of units and the lack of a decent veterancy system (will cover that later on in the review) is poor. The veterancy system is pretty pathetic and i would honestly have rather have seen veteran units in the game that could be built over the system that was put it.While the game is historically based, it isn't accurate as it should be. I had a vanilla game where the AI pulled out a Tiger 1 so with that, I had to use what i had available to deal with it which so happened to be several Shermans (i brought all the DLC). The 75mms was doing some what would be considered ""okish"" damage in other games considering what they are against the Tiger 1. Somewhat poor representation of what it was actually like.I also found the other nations was lacking in units too.I do what to stress that while this section looks alot, it really isn't as bad as it can come across.Other:I havn't played the tutorial of the game so i can't comment on that.I had an issue where i was trying to make the mods appear in the list (long story) but i had to eventually wipe steam off my HDD and redownload everything. At the time of writing, i'm still downloading the game again so i don't know if that problem still persists. I do however suspect it is a steam issue rather than a game issue.DLC:A good amount of DLC. The major nations that fought in late war are represented here in a good fashion as well as having some really good voice overs in the different accents. Be advised that the Oberkommando West is the ""late war"" varient of the standard german army in the game already. The Oberkommando West is also total pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥to try and figure out unfortuantly but when you do, you really don't have much to work with however what you do get for an army is very powerful.Mod Support:Great mod support. There are many mods out there on the workshop for you to try out and some are really good. The single mod that i would recommend is what i call Operation Spearhead only due to the fact that it sounds much cooler that the title but thats just me:https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=333848988This mod totally rebuilds the skirmish mods from the ground up. It also adds in many more units, makes players choose different paths for each army including all DLC armies. It replaces the poor vanilla veterancy system with a new one with what it should of been in the first place. All units now get to rank 5 and get better and better i.e faster reloading, further sight etc etc but also do unlock the upgrades they would of done as soon as they get to the rank required.Conclusion:I would honestly say that if you can live with using this mod to play the game then do so. If your a vanilla fan then eh...i'd look elsewhere for your money. That said, this game has a lot to give and it also had a lot of potential that was lost. The game is 23gb with all DLC included but excluding mods. It will take a while to download and i'll cut out all the DLC which should bring it down to somewhere between 15-19gb without any DLC. I feel that 15gb for what you get in the game including a load of skirmish maps which are the ones in the campaign is very big for what it is which does seem to me that the game wasn't compressed? Who knows. Relic will be the chaps to answer that questionSo, where does that leave us?Mod Support: 8/10DLC: 6/10 (Mod support: 8/10)Vanilla Game: 5/10It had so much potential but had so much lacking. I can promise that when you get your head around how the Spearhead mod works, then play with that mod for a while, go back to vanilla game. You'll see how lacking the game is and its a toal shame.As of 12/11/16, the game is £19.99. Is it worth it? Yes if you want a good storyline but only get this if/when its on sale. I will keep playing this game only if the Spearhead mod is still functioning or another damn good mod is working. If not then i won't play the game anymore.Note, Spearhead mod does NOT affect the campaign. Only skirmish games against friends and AI. Vanilla game is only available for public matchmaking games as far as i can tell. Could be wrong on that"
76561198104757844,Recommended,231430,9201778,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,King Tesla,Buy  it.
,Recommended,231430,10721418,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,SnitchMoJo,BEST WWII RTS!!!
76561197995682392,Recommended,231430,10627621,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,fir3bird,Det funkar! 5/5
,Recommended,231430,10644861,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,KarlVonKamper,"Underrated sequel to Company of Heroes. Not the most historically accurate, but a fun game nevertheless."
76561198068351108,Not Recommended,231430,17662400,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,steve.work,Just an awful game. the Original was excellent this game is just rubbish. The cool features from the first game have been completely omitted - you have to follow some stupid game script you dont have control of the game anymore. Don't waste your money buy something else this is a major mega huge disaapointment
,Recommended,231430,34009143,Posted: 3 August,all,DJSharkô,This game was awesome for WW2 and Strategy lover
76561198043088337,Recommended,231430,33798472,Posted: 25 July,all,SalsaWithChips,gg
,Not Recommended,231430,21254636,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,OniKai,"Too many expansions with too little content and way over priced DLC, otherwise a good game let down by greedy devs."
76561197970536211,Recommended,231430,9592973,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Rishnu,"While not nearly as good of a game as the original Company of Heroes, this one still manages to be a decent game.  If you enjoyed the original Companay of Heroes for what it was you may or may not also enjoy this one.  The graphics aren't as realistic, the game play is a little bit more forgiving but the winter survivaal mechanics and upgraded AI are a trade off.   So I can't whole heartedly say go buy this it's awesome... I can say if you like strategy games and are willing to wade through user generated content it's a decent game but the first one was much better.7/10"
,Recommended,231430,9639047,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,iKranksy,Good game
,Recommended,231430,9639957,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,selfademus,i like it.
,Not Recommended,231430,9925169,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Generic,Biggest piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥RTS I've ever played. I'm mainly upset with the way they took out machine gun emplacements/turrets/defensive buildings.
76561198011520657,Not Recommended,231430,9933870,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Kiethoo,"HORRIBLE..... Doesn't even come close to how great the Original Game was.   This Single Player Story is depressing and unfun.  And online isn't much better.  Unless you HAVE FRIENDS who you play with,  be prepared to have little fun being auto matched with strangers on short unfun Capture and Hold games.Also make sure you can afford the constant nickle and diming for all the pay to win commanders and add-ons that come out every few weeks. And don't think your Overpowered new units will last because a week later they are ""balanced"" then Unbalanced by a new set of units/commanders that you have to spend more money on.DO YOURSELF A FAVOR.Keep playing COH I."
,Recommended,231430,12626157,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Dizzy,"Company of Heroes 2 is an excellent game. It's fun, but it any ways mean does  not take skill at all. The game fails to award you for tactical thinking. Relic needs a brain check and needs to stop updating the balance of the game. The players in MM are worst. Most people play the germans only because they are the easiest to play. I've mastered the soivets and it gets on my nerve when i'm playing germany that a soviet player complains about balance. If you can't adjust don't play online yet. Relic likes to change things up, but sometimes the nerf and buffs for one side overcome the other. If you're looking for a realistic world war 2 game, go buy Men of War. This game is for pure entertainment. The closest thing you'll find to skill is 1v1,2v2 MM. 3v3 and 4v4 are for big clunky battles that one team will only obtain victory by spaming alot of units.Do I like the game? Yes.8/10What do I think needs to be fixed?The map selection is poorly done, I have maps from 1v1 next to 4v4s,ect. It's hard to select the maps I want to ban with all of the spread out.  War Spoils has to the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing in this game. Not only did it take all the hard work other players put in to obtain bullitens but it gave them to everybody for free. The game thus had no other grind to play anymore other then... entertainment!"
,Recommended,231430,31253900,Posted: 20 April,all,PVT Ryan,"For someone like my self who is bad at strategy games you will find this game pretty easy to learn.Great Story and great multiplayer, would highly recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,231430,31257954,Posted: 20 April,all,Carlos,much fun
76561198125877344,Recommended,231430,33561878,Posted: 15 July,all,World of Warcraft,"COH2 already have Soviet nation,hopefully will release COH3 with Japan nation."
76561198068682228,Recommended,231430,24312189,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,xXLateralusXx,This game keeps me fully erect! 10/10
,Recommended,231430,3617627,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,[SIN7] ImmortalKrogan,"Easily in the top 3 funnest RTS games I've ever played, as well as its predesesor.Review coming soon...."
,Not Recommended,231430,23060300,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Hiflex,"Not balanced at all. DLCs pushed out for making money and content of those DLCs get balanced way too late, after the damage is done.And if you expect a good singleplayer...nope its nothing compared to CoH1"
76561198063066383,Recommended,231430,22557066,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Proxel,"Great RTS game. Took me a while to get into, but it is a fun game once you do! Id also recommend trying all the factions, as they can vary allot in the way you end up playing them. Varied levels of ablity in multiplayer, but id recommend training against AI first, other wise you'll get yourself rekt. Also its on sale atm, so its worth getting all the factions cheap while you can. Fun game, dont let the initial learning curve put you off like I did at first."
76561197984795867,Recommended,231430,9858015,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Daftpunk,If someone posts a negative review here IMO does not know how to play this game. This game is the nr.1 RTS ever been made and developers are working on it constantly adding new content and improving the machanics. For all the bad reviewers I suggest to look for videos and guides on how to play this game.
,Recommended,231430,7660225,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,"•cC• Chen, Honkifex Maximus","The CoH series is by far one of the most underrated RTS game franchises ever made, and my favorite by far. And unlike cheap, polished, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ FPS titles like COD that turn the meaning of realism into a pure♥♥♥♥♥♥like facade (and come up with virtually nothing innovative whatsoever in terms of gameplay; YOU WANNA FIGHT ABOUT IT) both games in the Company of Heroes franchise are in many ways works of RTS innovative genius. I suppose I shouldn't be juxtaposing war franchises of two almost entirely different genres, but Call of Duty, for all of its overly-generic and high budget corporate we-don't-give-a-♥♥♥♥-about-what-you-think-because-we-make-money-off-of-this philosophy, is literally nothing compared to games like CoH2, where an extensive amount of time (and effort) on a comparatively smaller budget produced a game that is just impossible not to appreciate if you enjoy ultra-realistic RTS games. And I mean ultra-realistic in the sense that some of even the finest and most minute IRL factors that affect tactical maneuvering, technology gaps, terrain, cover, and even mixed-unit and combined arms doctrines, are taken into account and make an enormous difference in any battle's outcome.The AI still tends to often be unbalanced, as it was in CoH1--it's typically either too easy to defeat or virtually impossible not to get tactically crushed by--but in CoH2 in particular a greater amount of emphasis has been placed on player-to-player cooperation and player-versus-player, rather than AI, action, and this game comes with an unprecedented ♥♥♥♥♥on of new multiplayer campaigns and game modes. Another vast improvement CoH2 has over its predecessor is a vastly less glitchy, and also even more realistic physics engine: possibly every law of physics governing the difference between two different types of tanks going head to head and trying to destroy one another is taken into account, and only games like World of Tanks go into greater detail over the physics of compartmentalized and regional damage than CoH2 does. But where WoT focuses exclusively, of course, on the physics governing its namesakes interacting in various environments, CoH2 more or less runs an entire carbon copy of the IRL universe within its own engine, leaving hardly any stones unturned, and it makes a clearly visible and tactical difference in gameplay. The literal only things I can think of that happen in the real world that don't also happen in CoH2 are vehicle motors freezing over in deep winter, and the ever-present problem that all factions frequently faced throughout the Second World War involving tank guns occasionally jamming or misfiring and HMG barrels overheating and becoming unusable.Best part is that CoH2 is constantly being developed and having new features, units, and doctrines added to it almost on a monthly basis, derived overwhelmingly from community feedback. Games by other developers such as Valve also *sometimes* do this, but Relic really far outpaces them and most other developers in both the quality and the pace of their own involvement in improving and adding features in all areas of the game. When people experiment with new units, doctrines, maps, and other aspects of gameplay and present them to Relic, if they're good enough they pretty much always make it into the official game in some form. Contrast this with Valve, whose master plan for improving their gaming communities these days exclusively involves making their fanbases♥♥♥♥♥♥waterfalls of money for them in return for stupid hats.Relic barely survived THQ's falling off the face of the earth last year, but even with what little they had left to work with in the end they managed to produce something that is really, really ♥♥♥♥ing impressive in my eyes.TL;DR 9.8/10, this game kicks the♥♥♥♥♥of every FPS and nearly every RTS you have ever played, and in virtually no way falls short of what Relic intended it to be."
,Recommended,231430,25742141,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,BOT Marvin,"The first CoH is better, but this one is good too, with some exceptions."
76561198008558410,Recommended,231430,10845736,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,K4R4K,This game is so amazing!!!! actually i dont really like RTS but this one is an exeption.teamwork and tactic is awesome.....buy this if u like RTS kind game it WORTH!!
76561198045270072,Recommended,231430,10873139,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Peace Keeper 2014,"CoH 2 is a great improvement over the original CoH formula that hardcore RTS fans enjoyed back when the first was released.  The new weather system is very effective, making it a must for infantry commanders to move slowly as well as vehicle commanders.  Both factions are balanced with each operating and specializing within some specific unit types and strategies.  It really makes RTS much more detailed and strategic.The story and the historical accuracy is top notch, revealing that the Soviet Union, though fighting for their home, had made choices that make some question the cost of the war and the choices made by higher up commanders and leaders who make immoral choices.  It reveals true horrors that plague the historical events of the Eastern Front during World War 2, where even the Soviet Union had made decisions that make some question their faith in their cause.  Most of the negative feedback has come from this, due to the fact that much of THAT said feedback is from patriotic Russians who cannot see both sides of the story and only see one that masks the immoral and dark decisions made during the war and drowns the truth in the blood that was spilt in the Eastern Front.It's a deep, top-notch RTS that is sure to please gamers and history nuts alike.  If you like the history and historical events of World War 2, then you will love this game.  If you love deep, hardcore RTS games, then you will love this game.  If you are a patriotic Russian who sees only one side to the historical events of the Eastern Front during WWII, you will hate it because of your opinion.  Either way, gamers and historical nuts rejoice!  Patriotic pro-Soviets don't rejoice.  CoH 2 continues to push its hardcore formula further and brings to life the Eastern Front, a front covered in blood from both sides of the war; a front that covers and burries the truth under a thick blanket of snow, a river of crimson red blood, thousands of expended shells, the mangled bodies of the dead, and hulks of wrecked tanks.  Relic has created a game that brings World War 2 to life like never before seen since Company of Heroes."
76561198049898950,Recommended,231430,25788013,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Laptraffik,"Love it, when you think you just might have the upper hand, you get ♥♥♥♥♥ slapped to oblivion. Got 4 panthers and a army of engineers repairing. Lol nope, one stuka will make you beg for mommy as only about 2 panther and maybe a single engineer make it out."
,Recommended,231430,26445849,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Limburgse Vlaaienjager,"This game had me like order 227! There was no getting back :PCampaign is fun, ardennes assault was quite fun too, multiplayer (especially with friends) is simply amazing!This game makes wars fun again! The holocaust will suddenly turn into the lolocaust because of how great the game is :)"
76561198010460008,Recommended,231430,29137094,Posted: 9 January,all,(xXx) Legend,"The campaign mode is excellent, the backgrund story blends the different campaigns together involving two main characters. The variation of objectives avoids repetition, plus the variety of each unit's skill sets is wide ranging to keep you immersed and constantly ungrading and positioning.I recommend the tutorials and campaign mode before multiplayer or it will be daunting trying to compete at any level. Great game."
76561197970365846,Recommended,231430,18124806,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,s0ap b@r,A great game.
76561198033506434,Not Recommended,231430,18257946,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Vuk,Do not buy this game. If you do make sure to buy all DLCs since its pay to win. SEGA style.
,Not Recommended,231430,8777162,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,hannedog,"It is hard for me to recommend Company of Heroes 2, even though it pains me not to, because I love the RTS experience Relic created in 2006 to universal acclaim with the original Company of Heroes. To this day, I maintain that the original Company of Heroes offers the best RTS experience in existence, and that qualification comes even as a huge RTS fan, playing most RTS titles available from the days of original Command & Conquer and Warcraft up through now. Although the core game of Company of Heroes 2 remains the same as the original, and so in many ways offers an unparalleled RTS experience, the menagerie of DLC offered has ruined the experience. Because of this, CoH2 is less balanced and fun than the original. On top of that, the other benefits offered in this sequel are minimal compared to the original, with many aspects actually receiving a downgrade. The end result is something I can only recommend if you are a die-hard Company of Heroes fan -- all other types of players I recommend skipping the sequel to the legendary groundbreaking game.First off, the DLC offerings for this game is truly a mess, and the model Sega has employed seems to over-leverage -- and as a result -- kill a fan base. To explain: I am not a fan of DLC in general, although I can tolerate it when done correctly. Unfortunately Sega seems to have resorted to deceptive tactics, as it *appears* this game only has three DLC packs available for it on the Steam product page. The reality is much different -- in truth there are dozens and dozens of DLC packs, costing hundreds of dollars if all bought outright, but they are ""hidden"" on Steam and you can't view the product info page on them unless you are in-game or have a direct URL. My only theory as to why Sega has hidden all these DLC packs is that they want to control prospective customer's perceptions when they view the product page for this game. i.e. new players might be scared off when viewing the CoH2 product page on Steam, if they saw along with the main game dozens and dozens of DLC, along with a ""ADD ALL DLC TO CART"" button that has a price tag of HUNDREDS of dollars on it. The reaction might naturally be ""Wow, this game requires a huge investment in time and money to get enjoyment out of it, I'm just going to skip it altogether"". And honestly, that reaction is an accurate assessment of the investment required for enjoyment out of this game. On top of that, the value offered by some of the DLC packs is very questionable (coming in at $4 per commander, more on that below). As the various DLC offerings give players additional abilities in multiplayer matches, many have accused the whole DLC model as ""pay to win"", and they aren't wrong. The end result is that I've boycotted all DLC for this game outright. Without any DLC, CoH2 really has a dearth of content when compared to CoH1, and that is just unacceptable.As far as other ""improvements"" expected in a good sequel, there aren't many. Most ""improvements"" really seem more like side-steps in most ways, not something which advance the game or RTS genre. The snow environment is neat, but the blizzard game mechanic offers novelty at best and is usually more or less just annoying when it happens. The Russians offer a new and refreshing perspective, but since they replaced the Americans & British, the swap is a wash when compared to CoH1. What's more, the expansions in CoH1 actually offer a total of 4 factions, which offers much more needed diversity of gameplay compared to anything Relic attempts to come up with its DLC commanders -- and even though the various commanders are cool, accessing them will require purchasing a boatload of individual DLC packs. What's worse is that the commander trees are gone and now you just get new commander abilities as the game progresses.  Relic keeps making new Commanders to offer more variety, but at the the end of the day, there are still only 2 factions in CoH2, while its predecessor has 4. That is reason enough to stick with CoH1.Honestly, I think the biggest improvement has come in the graphics department, which is sad to say, since the graphics are only slightly improved more than 6 years after the original game was released. The improvement isn’t obvious either, as it comes mostly in the form of improved effects and scaling. More units are possible on screen (as squad sizes are always at least 4 in size, up from the CoH1's minimum squad size of 2), and the effect fidelity on explosions has been greatly improved. As impressive as CoH1's artillery barrages were, CoH2 has upped the ante, and the largest types of artillery are truly earth-shattering which cause awe that can jolt you away from all the intense close quarters combat that usually takes place otherwise.There is little else offered in terms of straight-away “improvements” in this sequel. For example, although I think the automatch process has seen improvements (as it requires less time and effort to ""play now"" compared the original), custom games are now only accessible between friends.... this essentially means that all online matches are now Victory Point -- meaning there is effectively no way to play Annihilation mode online. That's a huge problem because the tone and shape of Victory Point style games is drastically different than Annihilation. As a player who enjoyed playing Annihilation mode about 90% of the time on the original game, this glaring omission alone is a deal breaker, not even considering all the other problems in this game.If you're a fan of the original Company of Heroes, you are likely to be sorely disappointed with its sucessor. On the other hand, if you're new to Company of Heroes 2, even though the core gameplay experience remains unchanged, you might go with the logic of just “jumping to the sequel” as it will probably offer more improvements that you won’t be biased against not having played the original. But in reality, there really isn't much here that you can't get on the original. Furthermore, if you want to get a ""complete"" experience in CoH2, buying all the DLC out there would cost you hundreds of dollars more than the original. That coupled with the facts that you have four factions in CoH1 while only two in CoH2, and a lack of online Annihilation mode in the sequel, all leads to a clear conclusion: Company of Heroes 2 is overall an inferior experience compared to its predecessor, even when judged in the same light 6 years later. As a result, I cannot recommend this game."
76561198055680118,Not Recommended,231430,8986029,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,d-ice,"I'm a die hard fans of company of heroes completely, and bought the whole anthology of the prior sequel game. While some people said that this game is need to be polished like its predecessor, I'd rather give up my faith for this game. Unfair balance, sluggish AI, and pocket-demanding DLC make CoH2 becomes a disappointment for me. I've been changed my notebook for three times in the past, and would love to install the CoH again and again in my new notebook. But for this, I don't know yet.. Even for know I prefer to play my CoH and its blitzkrieg mod rather than play CoH2. I hope the next update will give a significant improvement, not just for graphical and eyecandy accesories, but to its gameplay."
76561198168770014,Recommended,231430,33184680,Posted: 3 July,all,Xerekt,"Even though it hasnt been a success like its predecessor (imo). Its still a game worth playing for 500hrs+.You can easily get addicted to it and start setting your own tactics in motion. Also, its a great history lesson for all the gamers who are struggling in learning WW2 history. My only complaint is that the units feel kinda weak (it is balanced indeed , but it feels dumb when the engineers can kill some rangers just because they are behind cover). IMO 8/10."
,Recommended,231430,7498568,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,GoodGuy,nice game
,Recommended,231430,25508713,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Шаста,"I'll write more about the gameplay once I've played more, but so far I really like it. RTS with a handful of factions which do things differently, a FULLY 3D RTS, WWII setting, dramatic action thats easy to watch... for $15 bucks I'm pretty darn happy for sure, I'm not sure I would buy it full price and here is why:We don't seem to be able to rebind keys...so WASD doesn't move your camera, they are part of a hardwired hotkey binding that can't be changed.This fact alone is maddening, and possibly why I had never heard of the game before seeing it on sale when I was shopping... They did so good - the game seems to be PvP worthy and therefor perhaps even Esports or League worthy, but HOW could this game get any traction when players can't even scheme their own controls? I know at least that for me, having rebindable keys is a serious consideration when I choose to buy/play games.Autohotkey and Logi-Razer-Tech software whatever - Yes - there are ways to get keys mapped using auxilliary software, current year and all that. Personally I don't like that junk on my PC, and I haven't really gotten familiar with Autohotkey. I tried it for Dark Souls, it was kind of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥- so if you decide to try it be warned!Also worth noting that the game has some nuances that aren't really apparent from the onset, and that when looking across the net for guides and tips, there are many older posts and videos - because the game has been out for a while... However the last patch was fairly recent if I recall - so who knows how accurate the pile of technical gameplay information about the game really is...Seriously though, I'm still having fun, probably definately wont PvP due to the fact I cant get any APM with this Dark Souls style unfinished option menu garbage - but I can happily recommend it with that small aside for a price of $15, for certain."
76561198159083882,Recommended,231430,14345453,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,mexican_mod,Great game
76561198138593932,Recommended,231430,14442526,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,saviobidawid,LOVE THIS GAME ONLY WISH THAT RUSSIAN TANKS WERE MORE STRONGER
76561198036780217,Recommended,231430,10480026,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,The Wolf Slayer,Great Strategy Game and is very realistic
76561198312849967,Recommended,231430,35067323,Posted: 19 September,all,★ DINOSTOR | BT ★,This game is funny white friends .
,Not Recommended,231430,11646243,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Fumar,"Seems like a complete downgrade to the graphis, physics, and combat. Not worth it at its current price"
,Recommended,231430,34884880,Posted: 11 September,all,n00bmobile,After playing this I became Communist.
,Recommended,231430,13229164,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Trebgarta,"Pricy Game.Pricy DLCs.Bad Campaign.Decent Gameplay.But what makes me recommend is that mod support is arriving. First step has been put, and I am sure rest will come. Credit is due to Relic for they have listened to fans.Get it on sale."
76561198070861161,Not Recommended,231430,11525107,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Liizardking721,"I don't even know where to begin... with all the stuff i liked or all the stuff that i hate. This is probably the most ambivalent review ever, but i digress... Any how I like the overall game its fun and with all the maps available theres plenty to do. However, I feel like just about everything good with the origanal game was removed or redone and more often then not made worse in the second, again i enjoy the second very much its just not up to par with the origanal game. Theres not enough variety in the command trees even though there are alot,  they all just unlock the same basic abilities with one unique one. theres are some imbalances between opposing units , like i don't understand how a conscript squad is capable of bringing down an MG team without any support?! Stuff like that. The one last issue i had was alot was lost in tactics and defense in the original i loved being able to build monsterous defenses and just watch as the enemy attacked or when i'd create choke points and killzones to trap the enemy. In the second its really about who can move faster and get their best units first. When you play if you rush right away and bring up even light vehicles asap you are basically going to win.Now like i said in the begining i do enjoy this game its fast paced and competative and if you play someone experienced then theres a good chance you're in for a tough match. The game runs smooth, i really enjoyed the campaign especially the later missions and matches don't drag out. Basically i guess... I do not think it is  as good as the first game but its still fun, so if you've played the original and really liked it this probably isn't for you, but if you are looking for a fun RTS game thats fast paced and competative go for it.On the Western front add on its fun and its nice having more factions to work with but it only adds the factions for use in multiplayer thats it... not worth 20 bucks want a while."
76561198006923905,Not Recommended,231430,11620133,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,atrocker,"THIS REALLY SUCKS! I bought the CoH2 Western Armies Pack and it is written in big letters -> NO CoH base game is needed. Now i cannot play anything without having to purchase either the base game or some other packs! Dont recommend it at all! Seems I need to buy the base game after all to be able to play any type of campaign. Or I am just too stupid to get it right.OK, since I loved CoH I will now buy the base game and check whether it ups my playing experience :P"
,Recommended,231430,11717935,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,[DPF'] Kloster,Great :)
76561198005613977,Recommended,231430,7998632,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Ozena,Awesome game. Probably the best strategy game out today. 5/5
,Recommended,231430,26766,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Kromaxx,"For fans of the critically acclaimed Company of Heroes, comes COH2. It's essentially a standalone expansion pack, not adding anything incredibly new to the IP. Some of the changes actually take away from gameplay and leave the game feeling lacking. The cover mechanic which made COH1 so great returns, but with less benefits in COH2. The blizzard mechanic is a cool... addition, but after seeing it once, you wish you could turn it off; it interferes with the pace of gameplay and punishes players that are already losing. The commander abilities seem watered down and do little to make you feel as if you are controlling a special regiment of an army. Day 1 DLC is also extremely shameful and makes the game feel like a cash grab, at 1.99 for a re-skin of either a light, medium OR heavy set of units (infantry not included) for a total of 6$ for the entire set..of paint. The game is still very much fun, but nowhere near the quality of the previous version, the developers (with one going out of business) would have done well to listen to the community."
,Recommended,231430,17852980,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,12,a game that could Bark But COULD u back up w/ Bite?
76561197996154584,Recommended,231430,9836988,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,delamons,This game is absoultly one of the best RTS war games out right now bar none. ;-)
,Recommended,231430,21315163,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Hansen,One of the best casual RTS game out there
76561198127226096,Recommended,231430,33246087,Posted: 4 July,all,Father chef,you get to blow up♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,231430,34033795,Posted: 5 August,all,Jota,"Good game with tons of community maps, nice graphics and good tactic mechanics. I am not a friend of the DLC tendency nowadays, but if you can get some of them on sale I think they are worth it."
76561198056835566,Recommended,231430,17104135,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Panzerman,very good game
,Recommended,231430,16959733,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Medicborn,"So , I played COH1 and Have been playing COH2 since lauch and I love this game.I only play the MP,  where I think the game shines  the most.Only Problem I have with this game is , lits too much like COH1.feel more like COH1 remaster , instead of taking old ideas and adding something new.SO for the DLC - I find the MP expansion dlc fun. I don't bother buying the small dlc because its stuff like that already in the game."
,Recommended,231430,15070623,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Taxman66,"The Good Stuff:- Looks terrific.- Well paced.- Action packed.- Extremely fun to play and to watch (streams).- Close-knit community that are welcoming to new players.- Not a blatant money grab for DLC's.Problems:- Balance is very map dependant.- Optimisation could do with some work, particularly those on low end CPU's.- Symptons of Synchronous technology - sometimes desyncs, server side UI lag and connection issues will interupt your game, although very rare.- UI is not always friendly when there is fast paced action.- Uncommon, but randomly occuring pathing issues.I doubt anyone in their right mind would say: ""Gee, I totally regret buying this game.""It's fun, it's worth playing through the issues and enjoying yourself.Highly recommended. 8.5/10"
76561198125001838,Not Recommended,231430,8996828,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,olior,Very sad. This is justa a shadow of CoH 1
,Not Recommended,231430,9025926,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Delta 6,"a grahpical improvement for the CoH Series, but a downgrade on the gameplay itself.You can trust me on this, i've been playing CoH for a long time.I am not recommending this game, except if it has mod support (which isn't at the current time)"
,Recommended,231430,8970602,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Ðæmon - Buy $AdEx (ADX),Pretty sweet game ayeeeee
76561198035414296,Recommended,231430,30533347,Posted: 15 March,all,EL YESO,"The game is amazing, best of the RTS genre, I recomend it 100% because I love the slightly difference that shows from other RTS games... yes, you have your base, yes you need to research all kinds of technologies but the way to generate resources is interestingly different and I love it... Relic is known to make good strategy games and this is definitely one of the best."
,Not Recommended,231430,22480596,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Decept404,"One of the most repulsive RTS games I've played, and I say that as a fan of the original CoH. It's not even about the subject matter, it's just how full of cruft and DLC it is. Every turn you take in this game it is DESPERATE to make you leave. I've tried repeatedly to get into this but it is chasing me off with sticks every damn time. No thanks."
,Recommended,231430,12522856,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,=S*E= MrVamp,this game is just epic i love it just miss playing as the brits
,Recommended,231430,17953422,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Defiant Heretic,"Realtime strategy set in WW2 presenting us singleplayer campaign mainly from side of soviet army during stages of war from operation Barbarossa till the siege of the Berlin. Game is also offering 4 scenarios (one included in original game and 3 as extras DLC) - separate challenges - that are varying in dificulty same as playability of single or coop mode, new campaigns as downloadable DLC's and armies which can be used in multiplayer only.Well, my first feeling from singleplayer was something from ""I was playing Dawn of War, why I bought this"" to ""yes, yes, this is great"". It's ok but not the thing why you should buy this game - that is definitely multiplayer. Fast paced action packed in versus mode, very fun at coop. All over, I liked the game very much!+ Great graphic+ WW2 setting+ Physics and hit system on units (especialy on tanks)+ Multiplayer+ Additional challenges packs+ Unlockables such as generals, improvements of units as rewards for playing multiplayer (or can be bought by real money)+- Singleplayer, first several misions very immersive, center is fine but the end is quite predictable in my opinion /would rate 6,5 for only single experience)- Many DLC's already, new British faction marked by many community members as OP (well, not in my book, Wehrmacht is... hue hue)“They say ‘fortune favors the bold’, but every brave man I know is dead.”9/10"
,Recommended,231430,22818373,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,marshmallow,"My favourite RTS by far.PRO:-Great setting for an RTS-Great squad mechanics, cover and projectile mechanics-Enjoyable campaign-ReplayabilityCON:-Microtransactions-SOOOO badly optimized"
,Recommended,231430,21452661,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Sturmenjager,"After first playing this it seemed challenging and differdnt from other RTSs. It took me a while to get the hang of the game but now I love it! I am a huge world war 2 era fan and this game feels like it is straight from the movies! However, personally I wasnt a fan of the Russian campaign, even though that is the vanilla campaign. I do LOVE the American campaign way more! Only problem is.... Its a DLC. I was luckey and got the $60 bundle with all the DLC for $8.75 so I dint take that big of a hit. Overall its a great game!!!!!!"
76561198146892327,Recommended,231430,30187951,Posted: 25 February,all,ნარცისო როდრიგესი,I think it's one of the best strategy game of history
76561198027600297,Not Recommended,231430,15167456,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Bird Man,"Umm... 100 pop cap? seriously? I can barely train 20 troops, 2 heavy tanks and 1 medium tank.. And thats it?"
,Recommended,231430,8738568,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Cheese,"One of the best new RTS games out there. Simply because... there are almost no other new RTS.All i can say, do not believe the negative reviews and what they say.While they might be some balance issues here and there, the developers contiune to release new updates that constantly add new maps and bugfixes and balance fixes and what not.The campaign is ok, a bit boring but it is more like a tutorial on how to play multiplayer.Now multiplayer is where the game really shines.It is very fun to execute strategies and flanking assaults,it IS indeed QUITE easy to make the ""dramatic"" comeback if you are losing. You just need to spot ONE slight mistake in your opponents army or positioning and bam, the battle you were just losing is now in favor of you. On the other hand,it is quite hard to press the advantage if you are winning, and a slight mistake may make a won battle lost. In summary, it's very easy to have a massive slip up losing your entire army, and it's very much possible to make a comeback even tho you are losing. People that say otherwise don't have any idea how to play a strategy game. Which is why i think there are so many negative reviews out there. People just don't understand how to play RTS games anymore.Overall the balance is pretty good with some minor quirks. The factions are assymetrical, soviets play completely different than the germans. Soviets have an easier time adapting to unconfortable situations, and germans if everything goes there way just destroy you, however they are unable to adapt to bad situations as much as the soviets, because they are very resuorce dependant, so if the german resource supply goes down for say a minute, the consueqences are bigger.Now comes the negative part of the game. DLC policy. It is completely awful, charging people for using in game multiplayer units? One of the worst ways you can interpret DLC. Then again those DLCs atleast with my 220 hour experience, only give you different styles of play, they are pretty balanced ( i guess soviet industry was a bit OP when it got released but now its fixed). And the vanilla commanders are still the best.  I purchased 2 DLC commanders Armored assault and Counterattack and i quickly realised that those 2 do not suit my. Right now i like using ""Gaurd rifle combined arms tactics"" which comes with the original game. Then again, i do feel that the way they did the DLC policy is a complete flop, what they should of done is made all of those commanders unlockable by hard work, and if you want to get them instantly, you purchase them.But overall in my humble opinion, a great game, i have only covered the most important parts of the game, but even the little details are great in this game. The voice acting is 10/10 , it is filled with very funny stuff like ""Yes, they are shooting at us comrade obvious"" or ""If your not dying your not trying"" or even ""It's IVAN!!! And he shoots as bad as he smells!"" with a funny german accent.The only thing that can turn people off is the abysmal dlc policy, but overall 8.5/10.Feel free to disagree with me, and remember these reviews (including mine) are just other players opinions, you should think with your own head and trust nobody."
,Recommended,231430,33399516,Posted: 9 July,all,Reichsgarde,"Greetings my fellow commanders!Company of Heroes 2 (CoH 2) is a worthy successor to the first Company of Heroes game. I am particularly glad that CoH 2 is better in allowing players to focus more on the tactical and strategic aspects of gameplay rather than getting bogged down on micro-related tasks e.g. reversing a vehicle. With the introduction of the Soviet Union, the Axis forces now face an additional foe, making the battlefield more deadly and more interesting.Instead of three doctrines per faction as in CoH 1, each faction gets a diverse set of commanders to tailor gamers' tactical tastes and strategic approach. These are highly commendable features and one should not view them as simple cash-grab corporate strategies. After all, Relic is also a company that needs money to make more high-quality games for us gamers, provided that they DO remain faithful to us.CoH 2 supports Steam Workshop but I wish that Relic would allow gamers more freedom with regards to Decals and Skins (as long as they are historically accurate). For instance, if you want to take the role of the 1st SS Panzer Division LSSAH, you may wish to attach the division's insignia onto your vehicles but such an option is not possible for ranked multiplayer matches. I am guessing these would be simple updates and I hope Relic reads this review to implement these features.I am particularly glad that the community for this game is very much active in the forums and on social media channels like Twitch and YouTube. With such a wealth of community contribution, I believe this game has a bright future. Let us hope that Relic continues to invest more resources into developing this great game and incorporate more high quality features into future versions of the CoH franchise.Hope to see you on the battlefield!- Reichsgarde"
76561198038703231,Not Recommended,231430,11095344,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,goombapatrol,in my opinion Relic is one of the worst developers for RTS games. They don't seem to have the resources or the ability to balance a game properly.
76561198024349786,Recommended,231430,11112688,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,charleskam,very exciting game and endless fun.
76561198061025487,Recommended,231430,11109248,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Jakepoc,OMG WTF SO FUN. #worth
76561198123740686,Recommended,231430,11152253,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,fr8dog,I cannot get the damn thing to work. It syas I own COH2 but it will not run the Rus. program.
,Recommended,231430,11125620,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,MENGO456,"Now after western fronts and the latest updated the game is much better , interface was fixed too, the game now has a fresh new air.Everyone that who a review of this game before western fronts and latest updates should rewrite it."
76561198048344064,Recommended,231430,31050186,Posted: 9 April,all,Careb3ar1505,"i loved the soviet campaign, but when i downloaded the us campaign and tried to launch it my game kept crashing. very disappointing"
,Recommended,231430,33160378,Posted: 2 July,all,kool.kevin2006,hahahahahahahaha get beaned mr paincakes
76561198013555739,Recommended,231430,2849900,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,Tosty,"just as good as the original, the new weather affects make an intresting feature. you can add reinforcments faster too now by having all the suads selected."
76561198036071237,Recommended,231430,11318874,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Alpha Bravo Foxtrot,Just gets better and better with each release. Pretty much the ONLY game you'll need for the next 50 years!
,Not Recommended,231430,9261158,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Carl Weathers,rubbish
,Not Recommended,231430,18387023,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,VonCurry,"I loved Company of Heroes, but COH 2 doesn't pull at me like the first one did. I only play this game when my friends ask me to. I'm a lame♥♥♥♥♥and only enjoy the bridge maps because I suck at twitch-gaming style RTS games like Starcraft and COH."
76561197982772272,Recommended,231430,8305786,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,jamesyly0530-noobie as Soviet,Cool RTS game. Everyone like RTS should try it!
,Not Recommended,231430,32937067,Posted: 28 June,all,snooze,"I wish Relic would focus on making a complete product instead of trying to shove paid DLC, maps, factions and other pointless♥♥♥♥♥♥down my throat."
76561198118389816,Not Recommended,231430,12946185,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Panzerjager Elefant,This game gets ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ every time thy try and fix it! srsly spaming game now no skill neaded all teams!!! when I got this game we have 3h matches all most even games tehn some tweeks and the games whent for 2h still fun then thay got the dlc fachions....... and it all tured to♥♥♥♥♥♥5 to 10m games thay dont fix the problem thay gest make more. got tiyerd of the infantry spam stoped playing i go back the hole game bean tured on its head yet its still has the same problems!
,Recommended,231430,8778248,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Mike_suthard,Tanks.Nerf Katushkers RelicEdit: They buffed KatushkersEdit(2): THEY NERFED KATUSHKERS AUHGG THEY FINALLY KNOW HOW 2 GAME
76561198015156787,Not Recommended,231430,14602829,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,rizz( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Broken game, unoptimized. Random lag spikes in single player, slow loading times in online. Also wmt armor is OP."
76561198032406794,Recommended,231430,14150537,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Volos,BEST GAME EVER MADE!!!!
,Recommended,231430,16693571,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Katimir Lenin,"Amazing game, couldn't live without it. Wish there were Brits in a DLC or something though.Looks like they did add the Brits! Cheers!"
76561198092493470,Recommended,231430,16848744,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,PimpDaddyFrag,Coolio gamio
76561198044285142,Recommended,231430,14451853,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Carl Johnson,The best world war 2 game i played 10/10
76561198041751056,Not Recommended,231430,22037459,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,zintax,"It is a really good game, but Relic has turned this game into a giantic cashgrab game with their DLC. It is ♥♥♥♥ing sad when you pay for the core game but in the end the game is not complete. They will make new DLC for you to download to make it complete, for sure you need to PAY FIRST!. The old Company of Heroes is not like this, im okay if they want to make a DLC, but make sure it is worthy.DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY TO BUY THIS GAME, just download in for free online!"
,Not Recommended,231430,35066814,Posted: 19 September,all,Sean,boring
76561198322209339,Recommended,231430,35071266,Posted: 19 September,all,✪Волк Чорич☭,A really awesome RTS game love it
,Not Recommended,231430,22315251,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,#YOLOCAUST,"Long time fan of the series, deleted out of sheer desperation of the fanbase of addicts forcing out all the normies. Do not buy and expect any enjoyment out of the multiplayer."
76561198006675472,Not Recommended,231430,30620429,Posted: 19 March,all,sleepyhell,"After a certain amount of hours put into CoH1 you get the hang of it. It becomes like a game of chess, you know the rules, you know various moves, and you know the pawns in the game.This results in well balanced gameplay.Here, CoH2 failed. Not only are there too many options with the generals, you don't even have access to them if you do not pay more or are very lucky.Unbalanced gameplay is especially detrimental in strategy games, leaving me with the feeling that I wasted my time and money."
76561198281393000,Recommended,231430,26328371,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Ryougi Shiki,money  money  just for money  luckily so many mods
76561198015735861,Not Recommended,231430,28720808,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Swifty,"All these games are a mix between command and control and strategy.This one, for me, concentrates far too much on command and control and far too little on strategy.Your troops are basically idiots.  They can even find cover on their own, You have to click like a madman to get them to operate effectively.  What this means is that any strategy you have is lost in the mindless clicking you have to engage in to get your troops  to do anything.  On top of that the action is compressed into a ridiculously short length of time.   tanks, zoom accross the battlefield and are gone before you can almost swivel a turret, let alone a field gun to shoot at them.It is impossible to enjoy the game or even watch anything transpire, as you are constantly recruiting, clicking, zooming, upgrading and trying to micro-manage every aspect of the battle.For me total war battles get the mix mostly right in terms of strategy, so you can give orders and watch the battle unfold.  These battles are just a disorderly mess with no real fun involved.They have just evolved to a point where a ""normal"" person can't enjoy them, even on easy.  They play out more like a puzzle game, than a war simulation or a tactical/strategic game.Despite the advertizing, don't be fooled into thinking that this is a strategic/war game, nor need any, but the most dedicated of RTS fans consider playing this game."
76561198123657893,Recommended,231430,16849934,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Jkiwi,This is such an unbelievably fast paced and fun game. It really gets the adrenaline flowing! I'd recommend this to almost anybody
76561198008591942,Recommended,231430,16855541,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Alexander,One of the best RTS. Expansions are a plus.
76561197981442139,Recommended,231430,29052046,Posted: 5 January,all,Shadowbane81,Great game. Every match is different. Can keep coming back for years.
76561198029613190,Not Recommended,231430,35108504,Posted: 21 September,all,shadowraven742000,"Save your money and do not get this game. Even after you buy all the DLC and add ons you still don't have the full game. Last time I check, they want you to spend about $100+ more to unlock everything in the game you purchased. While some things in the game are better than they were in CoH 1, at least the older game didn't try to swidle you out of every cent possible. Plus most of the DLC doesn't add much to the game anyway. The British add on pack doesn't even have any missions or tells their story during WWII. At least CoH 1 was more story driven for single player. Would of been better with both games if they both told the stories from both sides."
,Recommended,231430,29899557,Posted: 13 February,all,AppliedPsionics,Ruined my valentine's day.FYI just don't 1v1 with her or at least leave her flak HQ alone will you.
76561198002532813,Not Recommended,231430,29454226,Posted: 23 January,all,kancho anego,Sega dlc gang destroyed another game.
76561198119450359,Not Recommended,231430,30893324,Posted: 1 April,all,pineappleman3000,"This game has no balance or realism.Every unit that the Allied faction has there is a German unit or ability that can Hard Counter it.Ober Kommando West or as I call it OP Kommando West, is broken as ♥♥♥♥, any retard can get a king tiger without even choosing a commander, their starting unit is an elite assault infantry squad all equipped with STG-44s and are better than every other starting unit in the game by far and the only way to beat them is to either spam infantry or just hope that your riflemen or penals or infantry section can shoot them all down before they get close (which rarely happens). These Sturmpioneers that OKW start with literally defeat the supposed Allied advantage early game.The Panther is beatable but only if you have tank destroyers or heavy tanks or infantry blobs (which get cutdown by the mg spam that they get)Yes as I wrote Germans all start with either an mg-42 (wehrmacht) or mg-34 (OKW). With this new ""balance"" patch that was recently released they basically nerfed some of the only redeeming factors of the Allies and buffed the Germans.Veterancy aswell is incredibly dumb seeing as only Germans can get to vet 5 and everyone else is on vet 3. Oh, I hear Relic say, ""but OKW represents the veteran armies of the German army"". NO! The German army during 1944 and 1945 almost entirely consisted of boys younger than 18 or men over 50 which made up the Volksgrenadiers who, by the way, rank up faster than anything and seemingly getting shot at and losing squad members GAIN EXPERIENCE!This game has no balance a semi-competent player can beat ANYONE if they played Germans ESPECIALLY OKW!!!!!!!!!!!!!♥♥♥♥ you Relic, fix this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,231430,32167764,Posted: 3 June,all,Solo,有中文不放上去就是态度问题了！
76561198248939862,Not Recommended,231430,32170319,Posted: 4 June,all,wasdababab,垃圾游戏
,Not Recommended,231430,19425027,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Elguappo,"While it has really fun gameplay, it has easily one of the most caustic and abusive playerbases I've encountered. With no way to report, or even just block myself from playing against antagonistic players, I have to say that this game was not worth my money."
,Not Recommended,231430,13134054,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Sir Epic,"This was ment to be about the world’s darkest hour entrenched in brutal frontline warfare  EF Germany vs Russia Operation Barbarossa but no its turned in to WF U.S  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T  Allies oh you mean the USA only, Lets forget about every other big allied nation then lets forget the UK, France, China,    I take it they did nothing then..........If you want to play as the u.s.a go play CoH1 dont ♥♥♥♥ing waste your money on this crap as it seems no longer about the EF  (Operation Barbarossa)"
,Recommended,231430,21179768,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,My Dark Twisted Fantasy,It is probably one of the best games of the WWII I have ever seen and I will keep playing it for many years to come.
76561197996180872,Not Recommended,231430,11852163,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,CaligulaV,"LAG,LAG and more LAG"
,Not Recommended,231430,12852522,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Josip Broz Tito,"A total, ultimate piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ From any perspective.Ruined pay2win multiplayer, balanced by people who dont even play this game and clearly having severe brain damage that lead them to desease known as ""german superiority"". Seriously, even MURICA cant do♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game, even though in game that was originally about eastern front every unit from western front expansion is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in mouths of ones from the east.A good WWII game or movie absolutely must be 100% apolitical, otherwise you gonna have ♥♥♥♥♥torm so big you wont be able to clean yourself for months. The first game was inspired by great TV series ""Band of Brothers"", in the second one they've managed to collect every ♥♥♥♥♥♥ stereotype from every source western propaganda had produced for the whole lenght of the Cold War and later on (you can even see some reference to ""enemy at the gate"" movie). They claim the plot is historically accurate and the sources they used are legit. Why are they legit, you ask? Because they were banned in USSR, they answer. At least they could've checked David Glanz, he is an Eastern Front expert and did some serious reaserches and he is reffering to various sources from large number of archives. He knows his♥♥♥♥♥♥ Relic doesnt.Get this game if you masturbate on german uniforms and tanks and planning to play multiplayer only. If you keep losing - just go to the forums and say what Relics must buff and nerf. They will probably do that, but must likely it wont help you.Or if you are a hardcore, brain-damaged soviet-hater whose urine is boiling from the sight of russians doing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and completely illogical stuff. You'll love it, i'm sure.If you are not one of these complicated people - get something like red orchestra 2, men of war or wait for blitzkrieg 3. Or even the original Company of Heroes, which is still great."
76561198088464830,Recommended,231430,18146283,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Blox,"Company of Heroes 2 is a blast if you enjoy satisfying RTS mechanics and/or love world war 2 in general. All the armies are fun to play with and even if you dont have all the armies its a blast.Negative reviews are usually blance issues, and i got to say these are only issues for about a month after a new army is released.... which doesnt happen really often.Super fun iI recommend"
76561198007652382,Not Recommended,231430,29866313,Posted: 11 February,all,Dr. Molesto,"I wish this game was good, but the gameplay is actually very annoying and based more around imbalance than skill. And it's a reskin of the original."
76561198010544547,Not Recommended,231430,22262263,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Urrthelurr,"It's COH with DLC.  It's not any better then the orignal COH, but it has hundereds of dollars of DLC.  I'll just stick with COH with the Blitzkrieg Mod."
,Not Recommended,231430,24378118,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,"Don'tCallMe""BlackDogs""",Hmmm It hard for me to review this gameThe first company of heroes game was a masterpiece RTS game with great story and gameplay but.... sadly THQ are gone then sega took COH game and turn this game for pay and pay to win and this Company of Heroes 2 is another pay and pay to win gameThey sell commander and really ugly skin with unacceptable price what is wrong in this game and warspoil is the nightmare of this game really? sega what have they done with COH game it sound like supply drop from cod and yes it is a same thing but in different nameThe story isn't great enough when compare to the first COH but I really like cutscene but overall it isn't goodgameplay is good but really? why adding bizzard whyyyyyyyyyyy It turn the fun match become boring matchabout skill play If you have a lot of money just buy more commander you will become a proplayer because it pay to win gameThe faction isn't balanceonly one thing that I like in this game is coop mode or player vs aiI'm really Disappointed because I'm really enjoy first COH game and pre-order this Company of Heroes 2 and this is what I got from this gameSo if u are fan of coh game u can buy it if u wantDo I'm enjoy this game?Yes I'm enjoy playing this game but I decide to not recommend for people who never play company of heroes before or people who expect for good story and gameplay like the first coh game
,Recommended,231430,34882683,Posted: 11 September,all,Mechanized,its ok i guess
76561198026979234,Not Recommended,231430,29321682,Posted: 17 January,all,Sanakara,"Balance = nonArtillery, Stuka, etc. = game breaking"
,Recommended,231430,32224464,Posted: 6 June,all,↜༺ ☩ Frøstyß ᛟ ༻↝,"Bloody oath, I don't know why it is getting the ""mixed"" review but this game is bloody great!I'd only recommend buying the DLC's when it is on a massive discount sale as I got the master collection for -75% off."
76561198041918158,Recommended,231430,19888292,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Tecnoboy,With new factions makes the game alot more fun.
,Recommended,231430,21315345,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Soulless,its a great strategic war game it really gives an insight on the ww2 its also hours of fun playing.
76561198280614225,Recommended,231430,21317397,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,TheRevengeOfTime,"My journey of Strategy games started with games like Red Alert 2,Commandos and continued with Total war games and Command and Comquer products and i can honestly say...Sega and their fellows gives us everything we expected from a RTS and a strategy game,I bought the master collection which includes everysingle dlc, in mwnl week it cost me around 8 usd i mean it worth to pay 20 even 30 usd in my opinion anyway lets talk about basicsGraphics 100/95Dinamics and Playablity(if thats a thing) 100/90Being Free from bug 100/87 (not more than anyother game less than most of it)Action and Violance 100/94Sounds and Soundtracks 100/98Multiplayer and activities 100/90anyway generally with eveysingle detail of it this is an awesome game i m giving 100/94 overall for it /I HOPE THEY WILL ADD SOME NEW FEATURES LIKE NEW UNITS MAYBE AN AIRPORT/ NEW REGIONS (FRANCE,EMPIRE OF JAPAN,KINGDOM OF ITALY AND EVEN MORE MAYBE ) thanks for this awesome game"
,Recommended,231430,13918964,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,down with the bourgeois☭☭☭,"First off let me say that I am an avid company of heroes fan. I played both coh1 & coh2. And perhaps I am the minority, but I like coh2 much better.First off I want to talk about the claim of ""paying to win,"" via buying extra commanders or whatever. That's bullcrap. I have not bought anything besides the original game and the western front expansion and very rarely do i find myself at some inherent disadvantage. I honestly think some players are salty that they keep losing and point fingers at their opponents ""extra content.""Although I do hate the whole DLC culture, no one is forcing you to buy it; and you will not be placed at some disadvantage if you do.That being said, this game is fun as ♥♥♥♥. If you liked coh1, you'll love this game. It's a bit more aggravating at times (squads being killed much easier for example), yet it is a lot more balanced in others (No more PE blobs, arty spam, and other annoying♥♥♥♥♥♥that seemed to happen every coh1 game).This being said, this is my favorite game."
,Recommended,231430,33780633,Posted: 24 July,all,alkaf,"Awesome game to play if you like strategy games... this is definitely the one you should stick with. Community is not all that bad. If you get called a nooband your teammate Teamkills you, just keep on practicing. Campaigns are fun, Theatre of War missions are challenging. You won't get bored of this game!"
76561198079043728,Recommended,231430,33897972,Posted: 29 July,all,Spykitty358,"Ok first off i do understand why most people hate this and prefer COH1 more. But personally i prefer this one because i find maintaining your units to be easy in this one rather then 1. Although  1 had better infantry  combat and a bit of a pain in the butt to get all your men in cover it was still fun. I do miss how  medics wont bring back woonded yeah.Yeah the armor is not super realistic and a light tank can destroy a tiger, honestly it pains me to say this i am actually ok with that in a sence. Sure it brake historical armor accuracy but it adds balance to a degree. And if you want realistic battle search the super active Workshop with tones of gamemodes and maps along with tuneing packs. And the most fun and intence part i get with the game is the ""all units 150 mod & cheat commands"" i use cheats to give both me and ai infinite resources so they spawn a good amount of weapons and tanks. Play it on victory points and you will fight for your life. But the way i play with infinite resources is i use a bit what the enemy uses and try to counter then but try not to spam. And i even added tiger 1 with OKW. Now i understand the pain of DLC microtransaction but Ardennes assault is super fun and it has a replay value to it. And the 3 armies are tricky but as soon as you understand how they work they are worth it. But other then that i would say COH2 and 1 are both equal in there own gameplay style but i slightly prefer 2 over 1.And again with the DLC i understand people hate DLC and hate needing to pay money for other commanders/Skins. Well your wrong the skins and Commanders can take a long time to obtain via loot but when you do get a Commander or enough Gold to buy one for your army you feel so rewarded as if you just obtained a gold Medal in a sport. (at least i feel that way)."
76561198354073627,Recommended,231430,34809802,Posted: 8 September,all,9W8VAT,"A better game than the first one. Great graphics and superb sound. But missions feels kinda short. I could complete it in around half an hour, per mission. The game needs more content, maybe more DLC for it?"
,Not Recommended,231430,35054086,Posted: 18 September,all,menotu799,A game that released at full price with as many microtransactions as a free to play game. While its decent to play I cant get over how money grabbing game this is.
76561198000358318,Recommended,231430,10845572,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Homicidal Bear,"You can play as the Soviet Union, kill hundreds, no! Thousands of fascists and carry out genocide on innocent German civilians in one mission without being called psychotic, it's great!"
,Recommended,231430,16974245,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,#[MG] 5am>Rockn'Roller,In the year 2010s it's hard to find fun and challenging RTS games in the gaming market apart from Blizzard's Starcraft 2 franchise. However COH2 with it's expansions brings us back to a time when the letters RTS actually meant a genre and not just that one game.
76561198006942634,Recommended,231430,16300139,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Genercidel,Top RTS of our age...
76561198055253253,Recommended,231430,16721692,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,CDR™,"10/10Pros:1. Realistic: for some vehicles (e.g. tanks, halftracks...), you can uncrew the vehicle. The wounded can move. And it has a much for realistic looks, and the list goes on....2. Really long campaign (especially if you buy the DLCs as well), and is quite challenging, in this game you HAVE to be strategic (you can`t just tell your men to go and fight, you must coordinate them to keep them alive, instead of just moving them towards the enemy base....3. Difficult, in the older Company of Heroes, the game was much easier, now, you HAVE to have a strategy (unless you can spam tanks at early game, then it`s easy), and the game is more based on infatry (e.g. Infantry are much much better equipped and can have a wider range of weapons, if you get the Western Front Armies, you will get the Oberkommando (and U.S. Forces), with the Oberkommando you can have really elite fighting troops.4. Positions & Coordinations: the troops now can be moved to cover (a huge crowd of soldiers can take cover using a single sandbag).5. You can upgrade your armies, you can get new commanders (which allow you to choose gamestyle. e.g. defensive docrine....), skins (for vehicles, and some infantry), and you can customize the army you use.Cons:1. If there is no sale on this game, than it costs a lot.2. Unfortunately, the soldiers are still stupid when it comes to retreating.3. More or less, the Oberkommando, and Wehrmacht gamestyle is basicly the same (except you have more elite weaponry and infantry with Oberkommando, but then again, there both German Armies).Final Conclusion:Something that is worth to get. Good gamestyle, fun, you can make the game very difficult, and very wide ranges of gamestyles..."
76561198017275204,Recommended,231430,16775615,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Mixerdestroyer,"After playing up 164hrs I have found that I have only scratched the surface of this deep strategy game. The amount of commanders, tatics. skins and armies are endless and I find that everytime I start a new game I always play it a bit differently depending on the battlefield and the tactics of the enemy. I also like the fact that you are rewarded for your efforts over time weather you play against the computer or others in the form of new commanders, skins, tactics and more. I firmly belive that I will be playing this game for several more hours to come and I firmly believe this is one of the most underated games I have ever seen. Buy this and you won't be disappointed."
76561198026504927,Recommended,231430,16871362,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,⅐ Ｖａｐｅ 死 シンプ,One of the best RTS games out...Period
,Recommended,231430,18098761,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,The Scrubmeister,"I'll admit that I dumped the game after 30 minutes on my first match.Then everything changed: A friend of mine convinced me to do a few matches will him. H explained one or two things I didn't know cause I as too lazy to read the guides, and ta-da!: Best RTS ever.One might ask: Why? Well, I own R.U.S.E. the Wargame series, Europa Universalis IV, and most of the TW series. Love them all, but I know what I'm saying when I tell you this is my fav game now.+ many units+ balanced+ realism (I): 1 tank reks everything unless you have Panzerschrecks, AT guns or tanks yourself+ many different stratgies+ AI surprises in every game+ realism (2): Pioneers can repair tanks, you have to return to base to reinforce, etc.+ airstrikes+ mortar strikes+ every unit has special abilities+ still want me to go on here?+ awesome with friends+ large player base- too many dlcs for the game already being almost 40 bucks (got it on sale, as usual)+ who needs dlcs anyway if he can StuKa the enemy?"
,Not Recommended,231430,22557962,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,TheGreatGhastly †,"Ruined the game by rebalancing, when the game released the Germans were ridic. OP, so they buffed soviets to make them competitive, then they nerfed the soviets back into uselessness and buffed the Germans up more?! Then they add the brits who are op as ♥♥♥♥, then nerf them back, then make them better? This game is ♥♥♥♥ing skitzo when it comes to balancing and i'm sick of it. Out."
,Recommended,231430,14163197,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,sLice.,BEST game i've ever played!!!
,Recommended,231430,14719843,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Count Delinard,"At first I could not stop thinking it was way below expectations and the original COH itself..But with time, polishing and balancing it ended up being a lot more..The physics, the details, the tactics, it is all very entertaining and automatches vs players get my heart rate up like no other game out there.."
,Recommended,231430,14891869,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,EmpyrE,"About the GameIts a very strategic assymetrical RTS.  RNG can dictate battles at times, which as a whole isn't a bad thing in my opinion. It is less about base building and more on tactical managment of troops and troop choices.  Once you get a sense of the game mechanics you can begin to pull of complicated manoevers and is very rewarding when this succeeds.I think Relic have struggled with balance since launch though, they always realeasing mass patches changing a lot of things and dont seem to be fine tuning things.  They had the game good for a few months and then they released the Western Armies for multiplayer and it was like starting from scratch again.PricingI would buy CoH2 at full price.  They recently released Ardenne Assault single player campaign DLC which they charged £35 for.  I refused to pay this price as it heavily re-used assests from another DLC that we already payed £18 for at realease.  I got Allied Assault for £17 though which seems more on the mark for what you are getting.SoundSounds are mostly great.  Some of the sounds on the guns are strange for example the BAR and Thompsons sound nothing like thier real life counter parts and sound very much like pea shooters.  The BAR was well known for the terrifying sound it made when firing but sounds like a pea shooter ingame.Performance on my RigPretty good, though could be better.  The game engine is very old (same engine as CoH1) and is not optimised very well for todays hardware, for example, the game does not utilize SLI or crossfire at all. It runs satisfactorily though frame rate drops heavily when the game gets busy and particle effects are set to max. It could be better."
,Recommended,231430,16268948,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,craig flax,"Great game, highly recommended to anyone who has played command and conquer  style games"
,Recommended,231430,16270695,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Heavy Hitters™,"best strategy game I ever played period. Never gets old, always fun and impulsivly addicting. I have 0ver 1300 hours, and I don't see myself stopping ever."
76561197995125747,Not Recommended,231430,16384084,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,GalaxyGuy,A very well balanced game with exceptionally fair online gameplay.Loljk
,Recommended,231430,16391418,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Cpt.Parker,"So... After seeing how many pepole are crying about DLC or saying that this game is good on its own, i decided that i will put few cents in to that pool of ""Review's""For the start i say i played CoH 1 and CoH: Online. So i know few things about CoH frenchise.Now. This game is combination of upgraded CoH 1 and CoH:O microtransactions (For those that are ware not lucky enough to play CoH: Online, CoH: Online was basaacly free CoH 1 But with special units that could level up as you use them in battlefield.)Some my ask ""What exacly i mean thay add from CoH:O as ther was no more commanders then 6 (3 Per sides. No British side or Panzer Elite was ther) and Special units."" And i mean by microtransactions as thay way to get something faster, if you look on what is in CoH 2 you can cleary see thay add in DLC section: Commanders and Skins for units. You can earn them easly by plaing the game and leveling up. Some pepole say that this ""Spoils of war"" System reward pepole by chance. Telling the truth most of the time i saw pepole geting any rewards by LEVELING UP. So if you see that somebody you played rank up and get reward and you dint rank up (Or you did but thay give those rewards every time after 2 levels up.) and you dint get any thing.What you get from ""Spoils of war"" system? Well you can get skins for vehicles, commanders and intel buletins (which thay work as small upgrades for your units you have or you may have) this system on its own its quiet good as in order to get any thing you need just play a little so you wont gona end up with units that are good but you have no clue how to use them right. The only problem and the biggest one that i found with this system is... It dosent count what you have. Sometimes you can end up with few upgrades that are exacly same or you can end up with upgrade for unit that is only available for commander that you dont have yet.Now about what you earn thorugh those drops:Skins: Skins to vehicles but each class of vehicles have its own slot, which means in order to have all your vehicles colored you need to find 6 of those as ther is winter version of those that is only used in winter maps.Commanders: Thay give you special units or other support things. For example: M4A3E8 (Only for USF Mechanical infantry) or conscript support pack which allows them to repair vehicles. Those things are good and some may say thay are OP or more usefull. Which is not the truth. Every thing is good as long as you know how to handle them. If you think that if you would have the same commander as your enemy has you would be able to win all the time. No you wont gona win as you dont know how to use them right. Yet.Intel Bulletins: Upgrades for units thay you may or may not have. Some of those are quiet good and few of those are earn only by compleating campaign (For example faster fuel cash build unlocked only after compleating USF campaign with company that has this unlock) Ofcourse it would be OP if you could use all of them at once so you are restricted only to 3 of them at the time.Now now. You may say that some of those things you can get by paying for them. But that was same case in CoH: Online. You could buy them or you could earn them. No one said you MUST buy any thing.About western conflict factions... If you think thay shuld be free then i ask you to look in to CoH1. Ther was expansions which thay gave you new factions with thay units and campaign for them. This is not reason to cry out loud too? Then how about that you wanted only one faction to play in MP or one campaign as you dislike others for some reason. You would pay back then for things that you dont like. Here you can atleast chose what you want to buy. No one said you must buy all of them. You wanna play as US becouse you dont like Germans? You paying only for USF faction then. You wanna play only USF campaing becouse you hate MP aspect? Pay only for it. You dont wanna play as Soviet and Germans from east conflict?? Thats good too. You can pay only for USF or West Germans. Yes you can buy those DLC with out need of buying basic game.In other words. If you want to play better looking and refreshed version of CoH1 but with out ""epic"" Campaign that was in orignial but instand get more intresting one. Then you are free to buy Western front and/or Ardennes Assault with out needing of buying and playing east conflict. (But bear in mind that buying only west front faction you dont have ability to play Ardennes Assault and back, if you buy only AA you cant play west front factions in multi with out buying them too. Two small thing: Beating AA you unlock few things for USF faction in multy. And the other small thing? Spoils of war system will count that you dont have basic game so every thing you earn will be only for west fron factions.)Okey. I said a lot about payment system now let me talk a bit about the gameplay it self.Its basacly upgraded CoH1 with small elements that make your life a bit better. For example: In CoH1 you need to click on point to capture it. In CoH2 you need to order your infantry tojust stand in capture area of that point. So less situation wher youu ordered your riflemen squad to go to that point (By clicking on mini-map) only to find out thay dint capture it.Ther is many small upgrades but the game is basacly same as it was in original. Build the base, capture points and defeat enemy. One MG nest can still save you from infantry mob and mines with tank trap's still can save you from tank mob. Each unit has its own abilitys that that unlock them by geting vetarancy level. For example riflemen have ability to use AT Rifle granades but in order to use them thay need to be Vet level 1.In short: Gameplay its basacly the same as it was in CoH1 but with more abilitys that would made things better then ther was in CoH1.Now what i think about this game.I say its good game, but pepole cry about payment system which its not so much diffrent then it was in CoH1 or CoH: Online. To have more things you still need to pay for them but no one force you for it. Here you still can play with pepole that have more things then you and still be able to win. Bugs with bugs but thay still updating that game and so far i dint found any major bugs while i was playing Multi or SinglePlayer.For pepole that wanna buy this game but dont like much East Front games. You still able to buy Western front factions but bare in mind that this game was mostly about East front.Hope some pepole will understand my gibrish and see you all in the game.PS: Im aware that i might made some spelling mistakes as english is not my prime language. So if somebody spot them please let me know wher i made them so i can correct them. No one is perfect."
76561198103043258,Recommended,231430,16397180,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Greyshot151,"Highly addictive strategy game with excellent unit variety, great maps and explosive gameplay. A bit of a learning curve to be sure and you will need a decent rig, but if you can manage both you're in for a long war!"
,Recommended,231430,12814330,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Cody Evans,"That moment when you realise you can tell units names while watchin any ww2 movie.Great strategy, history-like lore, great campain.Panzer+Panzergrenadiers for the win !"
,Recommended,231430,14458386,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,TomG28,"""Panzerschrek, time to unpimp his ride!""10/10 would unpimp again"
,Recommended,231430,20527209,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Nashi,I made an army of weak rookies.Rushed the enemy.It's like rushing B on CSGO but 100% more laggier.Buy this game.
76561198019396613,Recommended,231430,19930490,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,seanchen882008,sucks
76561198061558902,Recommended,231430,20027517,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,[SoN] Russell,Best RTS game i bought i give this a 11/10
76561197976150846,Not Recommended,231430,21245873,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,RAVEN,i am a old COH player from the old days way back when and COH 1 got the game right no matter what the numbers you can out smart them and get a big come back but in COH 2 its nothing but blob warfair spam the most win thats it its sadi miss the old days when you can pin down 4 squads with a mg and drop mortaers on them but with the blob warfair they just all shot at 1 time why they are pind down and kill the mg
76561198061523805,Not Recommended,231430,26488855,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,callumcondon95,Brought the game wont let me play the campain says i need to purchase it again when i already have.
76561198052919130,Not Recommended,231430,28732993,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,бледный конь,"game got consumed by cancer, most likely Sega's fault (DLC overload + terrible balance)"
,Recommended,231430,20639546,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,PrinzEugen,Grenadier: we need to destroy that soviet defenseConscript:ha! you cant trought our defense*calling panzerwerfer 42*Grenadier: yes we have panzerwerfer 42*panzerwerfer firing*panzerwerfer rocket: DIE! you son of b*tchConscrip:nooooooooo!*the soviet defense is destroyed*The end
,Not Recommended,231430,21435109,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,voider,"i like the company of heroes series... its a love of mine... i rarely stay on a game for more than a few hours but...company is the thing which defies that rule...i love these games with all my heart... if i was judging it without a series behind it i would fully recommend it, but this has to improve on the gameplay...something this just doesn't do in my thoughts. this game is a husk of its self...but i suppose i have to give a few examples no? i'll take the doctrines or ""commanders"", it just doesn't feel as... involving i suppose the word would be? it feels empty to me... like they slaped it on last few second, but that is just my thoughts i suppose... another thing i dislike is that it makes the other factions feel...strange? i don't plan on getting the dlc so i cannot inform you about them but i do know the german faction, it feels horrible playing as them for the first few time... i didn't even know how to heal my units! it took me a while to figure out anything at all... the soviets have a clear advantage from what i can see... then theres the flamethrower...oh boy how do i start about the flamethrower? i once used it to turn a entire mission around! not alot of them either just a single guy (not squad) equiped with one won a mission for me when all else failed...and i even used the assualt gun tanks in a spam frenzy to try to kill two baddie tanks... the objective was to ""capture"" a fort building...i burn't it with a flamethrower andwon...what?thats not whats supposed to happen! no i didn't burn the baddies out and thats all...i set the entire building aflame! im pretty sure ""capture"" doesn't mean burn... all of this with a timer made this a complete nightmare to figure out what happened before the mission ended... another mission i won for failing... no it wasn't a cutscene that ended me i won because the objective said to ""defend or die trying"" maybe it was a impossible mission but it sure didn't feel like it!    all in all... i can't recommend this game...i wish i could...i just can't..."
,Recommended,231430,21343041,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Eyes9To0Fire,Very Awsome game
,Recommended,231430,21712843,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,eragoon78 ケットシー,"After 250+ hours of playing this game I can finaly write a review of it with an honest opinion. This game you will love, and you will hate. It has very fun moments and satisfying kills but there is nothing like getting stomped into the ground in a battle that feels unfair. One of the hardest conecepts in this game is knowing that you dont need to counter the enemy, you need to counter the future of what he is doing.Pros:Different NationsVarried commanders giving a playstyle you enjoyGreat with friendsPlenty of mapsTons of replayablityCons:Microtransaction hell - you have to pay 2.99$-3.99$ USD for each commander you want, while they can be gotten in drops it is very rare to get one. With the new update to the drop system I am hopeful that this will be somewhat easier. However this does not ruin the game as you can work quite well with just ur basic units, and some games I forget to pick a commander until the end.Will make you want to cry when you loose a geared squad to a single tank round or mortar shot. :cTL;DRGood game, even better wtih friends."
76561198014446594,Recommended,231430,21339999,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,WoodCraft,"It realy fun if you like RTS, I do rekomend it for it´s element of thinking."
76561198064642244,Not Recommended,231430,21391580,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Geeked,"Just not as good as the first game. - in mechanics, in story and campaign missions its just average.This one is definitely not an upgrade from the original. I bought it on a Steam sale for not much against all the tide of♥♥♥♥♥♥reviews; and its been a struggle to enjoy any of it.  The game is called 'Company of Heroes 2' right?  There are no heroes here, no re-telling of great moments in the Russian military, no tales of their best battles. Instead, we get the point of view of a victim of Stalin's reign - like Stalin was the ONLY motorvation of the Russian peoples.  What a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who wrote this script - i mean that.The Germans got a campaign that made them look like good soldiers - so as the Americans and the Brits - this campaign (on top of being lame) kinda sounds bigoted.Another dissapointment for me in this game is the lack of upgrades to the combat mechanics - and in parts a degeneration of mechs- exiting buildings and troop carriers - have NO direction. snipers have no clear indicator of line-of sight - and vehicles are almost worse than ever.oh yeah and the money♥♥♥♥♥♥Sega? Microtransactions are not cool anymore..."
76561198035998787,Not Recommended,231430,28330818,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Neckbeard Hobo,"I can imagine the game being amazing, but only imagine, cause when I bought the game, it forces me to pay for whatever army I want to play, if I want to play online. Horrible concept."
76561198092213583,Recommended,231430,25599065,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,North Korean Labor Force,"If you think you have gut RNG or like to be gay, this game is for you.Steam COH2 forum is the most gay one, so many kids ranting about OMG allies OP axis OP pllllz nerf.10/10"
,Recommended,231430,28546838,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,bung chong,Lets u kill russians and americans as the nazi 10/10 would enjoy the holocaust again.
76561198078397072,Recommended,231430,21914261,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Alchemist,"Great game.. its one of those greedy games make you pay for every little thing in game, but the core gamplay is amazing other games need to to take notes. Their commander system is perfet. You essentially get to customize your army to fit your needs. It's no longer you choose this team so you get these units, now you choose a team and you get those units, but you also shoose a commander, which are now like trading cards. millions of possibilities and each one brings something new to the table. Great game, though I wish they would stop being so greedy"
76561198030296270,Recommended,231430,19935632,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,[SBLM]  дьявол,"The best RTS game of all time! Look away from negative reviews, I can ensure u that this game is the best strategy ww2 RTS game ever made!"
76561198030498765,Recommended,231430,4000617,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,THE MORTARING JEW,"best ww2 strategy game today. remember back when coc red alert was promising ? then they farked it up with all the gay additions ? this game capitalised on that loss making it the only game like it today ill just list the cons.. they keep farking with it ( balancing ). lost of noobs and kunts , ( end tasking at the loading screen helps ). lot if micro transactions affordable but farking stupid however the campains and armies are worth it. still no japeneseardeans assualt is usually unplayable use this fix change your requsition to 90000 or something :C:\Users\Username\Documents\My Games\Company of Heroes 2\Savegames\ArdennesAssaultOpen last save folder, open the xml file with notepad, find requisition, replace the next number by the wanted one (250 for example)."
,Recommended,231430,18859831,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Larana,Great game would definitely recommend especially now that there's a Scottish sniper that can cripple tanks
,Recommended,231430,29852863,Posted: 11 February,all,Spooky  Gypsy,The best darn WWII RTS game 'round
76561198021731449,Not Recommended,231430,29883785,Posted: 12 February,all,[NaCl] Waegukin,"I'm really dissapointed by this game. There were a lot of cool ideas, QoL is better than the first, it looks crisper and should have been better in every way. The cover system is excellent, the tank combat is mostly fun, and its supposed to be all about spreading out, playing mobile and flanking.In reality, its marred with frustrating problems. Tank combat usually isn't won by who has the better vehicles, who placed their mines better or who has their anti-tank guns in the right place, its one by whoever gets screwed over least by pathing. While blobbing is better than it was, the US and OKW are still absolutely insane at it. Flanking, the game's selling point, also tends to not work so well in 2v2 and up because the maps are narrow with strong defenses leading to MG and mortar lockdowns if you're lucky and British emplacement spam if you're not.Faction design is also really bad. While the two starter factions are fairly well designed and could be balanced against eachother quite well with some changes, the DLC factions are terrible. The USF was supposed to be flexible, but they crutch entirely on 4 units and 2 Commanders. Said two commanders were designed to ""fix"" the USF's problems in a way where Relic could make money rather than actually doing the obvious solution. The rest of their commanders are terrible, but Relic has refused to fix them and has actively nerfed them further since launch.OKW was supposed to be an offensive, Elite German faction; in reality, they're just as defensive as Whermacht and pay an arm and a leg for everything, including necessities. While they CAN be good if they hit late game, its extremely unlikely they'll get that far without call-in abuse or hunkering down, completely ruining the flanking, mobile game and turning the fight into an artillery spamfest.The British were the nail in the coffin. Bofors and mortar pits can turn a fairly good game into a frustrating stalemate, especially since they both run themelves. Relic responded to critique by introducing a commander that makes hardy emplacements even tougher with teh added bonus of hands-free counterbattery and hands-free repairs. All 5 DLC commanders are significantly stronger than the stock ones, surprise.But what finally got me was the meta abuse. When I first started playing, it was 5 minute T34s and the invincible Tiger Ace. Then it was the Elephant and ISU-152. Then it was Tiger/KT/T34/Easy8 call-in abuse and core infantry spam. Then it was KT/Volks/Ober doomblob for six months and so on. My point is, every time a problem is fixed, another takes its place. Its just a constant cycle of abuse that Relic continues to perpetuate with poorly thought out additions and changes. I'm just sick of it. If you want CoH2's style, go play CoH1 with a QoL patch, you'll like yourself more in the long run,"
,Not Recommended,231430,29760969,Posted: 7 February,all,AYAYAYANNEAYY,DO NOT BUY IF YOU DON'T HAVE A LOT OF MONEY!%80 of the game is paid! !!!U have to pay to unlock armiesPlayer mathing is a joke It's always mathing me with rich players who has custom paid armies and i lose most of the time...
,Not Recommended,231430,12530569,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Barbie,"Tried it out for free. No SLI support, game is broken and poorly optimized. Avoid."
76561198067889180,Recommended,231430,17425694,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,God,İ failed an important exam and my father beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me but i destroyed a Kingtiger with 2 partisans and 1 shot a Tiger ace when my plane fell on it. Definitely worth it.
,Not Recommended,231430,16035639,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,[o.W.n]TheHidden,I bought the game and it still says purchase on the russian capnhg
76561198010221694,Not Recommended,231430,14541689,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,PinkiePie,I bought this game on steam and it still ask me to purchase. What a surprise!
76561198157085576,Not Recommended,231430,14502958,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,amoeba,input lag while playing multiplayer and freezing all the time
76561198009279543,Not Recommended,231430,9007927,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Supreme Petters,No.
,Recommended,231430,9003860,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,@VicesAdulation,"This is a good game, not worth the price tag. Buy it if it ever drops to $15"
,Recommended,231430,34704209,Posted: 2 September,all,SoulSniper,The game is amazing best game ever but there is one bug that stops you from useing one your towers its super annoying but its tempoary i think game over all with all the perfect units its briliiant
76561198005722805,Recommended,231430,35038319,Posted: 17 September,all,D.S.Jensen,"Best ww2 strat game I played.All sides/teams need diffrent tactics to win.Got to love the small things aswell. snowstorm makes your infantry die . Frozen lakes can opend with the rigth firepower, and most maps have it small things here and there you can take advantage of to win."
,Not Recommended,231430,21247323,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,SSGT Semper Fi,"Do I recommend this game? Depends on what you're purchasing it for. I'll keep my post plain and simple.If you're looking for online competitive play, I do NOT recommend it. as countless others have said, this is an incredibly huge cash grab. It's been turned in to a pay to win game, in the most literal sense. I challenged a friend who hadn't played COH in any capacity, but is familiar with RTS games (not the greatest player, not the worst, middle of the road). Without mods of any sort (using both OKW/US and British expansions), we sparred. He had access to buyable commanders, I had what was unlocked via playing (level 90, no prestige). He slaughtered me simply by having more potent commanders.Now, if you're interested in this game looking to modify it and play with friends against A.I., then it has the potential to become a fun game.  The community had to take this game down to it's basics, rebalance everything, and basically modify the game very close to not resembling the original game to make it playable.The ""single player"" side of this game seems like an afterthought. It's nothing special, and leaves no lasting impact, or knowledge that can transfer over in to multiplayer like the original game did.TL;DR: Don't buy for a competitive online experience, play against A.I. on a heavily modified version of the game. Don't purchase this game for singleplayer content."
,Recommended,231430,11391476,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Dutch Thunder,"Really good RTS, even better then the previous versions of the Company of Heroes games. :-))"
76561197992871539,Not Recommended,231430,12198522,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Odinmoon,Just wants to suck more cash.
76561198031940338,Not Recommended,231430,13026713,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Mr.Drix,"I think this game is cool, I love how you controll your untis and produce squads. and I would love to give this a good review but I can't.First off. The match making for online is the dumbest thing I have seen in a while, matching a level 1 with a level 100 (max level) prestige 3 in a 1v1. wut? This is also the most unbalanced game I have ever seen, the Axis being inferior on the early game and they need alot more resources to get up, one of them is fuel. If you grab the fuel from the axis early as the americans for instance, (which has the best infantry) You'll basicly win the game, because the axis is so terrible early and will never be able to upgrade without fuel.So if you want to buy this for the online part. Don't. You'll be dissapointed."
76561198067122455,Recommended,231430,15885252,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,rise of the planet earth,very good game
76561198118916220,Recommended,231430,22303775,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Cryst,Still one of the best RTS i played so far :D... thumbs up :D
,Not Recommended,231430,14373528,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Moonunit0095,"Like Company of heroes, only more expensive, shinier, and less engaging. DLC and paid content is regularly rammed into your face, there is a complex perk system designed to pass the time and help make no difference at all to your battle outcomes. Stick with the original and have more fun, unless you're a die-hard online ladder climber."
76561198007366354,Recommended,231430,15735896,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Dying_Breath,amazing game well made
,Recommended,231430,22384680,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,TrickyJesta,Great RTS game (real time strategy) 180 h in-game so far never got bored. Great game to play with friend. Good graphics (Need a good PC). Russian campaign is really fun for solo.Some of the downside-Multiplayer mode is really hard for casual RTS player + Matchmaking is mediocre-Too much EXPENSIVE if you include all DLC ( WAIT for sales )-Basic content alone is almost a joke for what you are getting.-Microtransaction system on the multiplayer part ( Not pay2win )(Sorry for mediocre english)
76561197970669639,Recommended,231430,22613179,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,LawnDartLeo,"We've probably all bought a movie DVD.  Pay once, enjoy.  Now imagine watching the movie and at the beginning of each chapter a ribbon popped up at the bottom of the screen that advertised more content for a nominal fee.  It would go away eventually but every chapter would start with another sales pitch trying to get more money out of you.  No matter how great the movie is, that is going to get annoying and your going to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that you paid money just to have your purchase try to get you to pay more money.That's COH2 in a nutshell.Still, if you liked COH you'll like this, too.  Just be prepared to be annoyed.Game 9/10Sales model used by Sega -3/10"
,Recommended,231430,23335601,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Blue,their DLC is mess buy its a great game
76561198285992713,Recommended,231430,23477962,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,jacob.m.pitre,awwwwwsomegame
,Recommended,231430,23669011,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,IsaccTang,Game is good，hoping better balance and better server.I'm in China and there's totally no way to play the game online here
,Recommended,231430,24018662,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,strikefighter137,"Best game on steam,played 298 game hours on this game."
,Recommended,231430,24059495,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ibradsho,the best WW2 RTS game
76561198059233572,Not Recommended,231430,24063050,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Dick and Morty,DLCs. Price manipulation during sales. Terrible company.
,Recommended,231430,24232986,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,SpaceBuddy,AWESOME GAME!!!
76561198290658181,Recommended,231430,24272979,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,bananaking2901,I love how dumb the AI can be. for example you can blow up a bridge they will build it again and then they will charge at full speed across it and they will do it over and over again.I LOVE THIS GAME
76561198068042091,Not Recommended,231430,24422353,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,CptSpeirs,"I have over 200 hours on this game and I enyojed it but then updates came and ruined everything. I cant even play because of the custom skins that are automaticly downloaded. When you join the game there will always be something more to download just like those skins or something similar, and you cant play if you dont download it. I would recommend this game before but now no. Dont buy it you wont be happy."
,Recommended,231430,24809598,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Thapuq_Squad,awesome........
76561198036160294,Not Recommended,231430,26566000,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Blitzkrieg_HOSS,Company of Heroes 1 is much better
,Not Recommended,231430,34274835,Posted: 16 August,all,Baron Von'Badass,197 hours...Has it realy been that long...I won't say this game isn't worth playing it can be very funAnd you can get into some extreme tooth and nail fights..But there are things you should know!There are a few major factors which prevent me from Being ableTo recommend this game to you il explain them as briefly as I can....Online play:The main way to play COH2 is multiplayer equal matchmakings is non existentOne side always tips the scales not to mention the amount of abuse you get givenAlmost every match sometimes you will have a load screen for multiplayer for 5 minutesOnly to be abused in the first minute of gameplay for not being fast enoughMicro transactions:Of course like true vampires they want it all your able to buy better commander abilitiesAnd prettier camouflage its insulting really
,Not Recommended,231430,35321906,Posted: 29 September,all,伞兵五号要和你四换一,"Sell in China, without Chinese, what are you thinking?Though my English is well ,but I wanna say ""f uck you SEGA"" ......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198117793503,Recommended,231430,28334463,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Sollozzo,"Fantastic game, jam-packed action, and lovely graphics. Warmly recommended, especially for multiplayer!"
,Recommended,231430,28337288,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,OGPelayo,Get the Master collection while it's on sale or else you'll be paying $60 for the collection or $113 give or take in total for each individual Item. Overall It's a great game I may only have .3 hours on steam but I hae probably 100+ hours from a few years ago when I got it off♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,231430,13123998,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Babalonkie,"Looks and plays no different from first, a bit of a cheek to makes us pay full price for a game that looks and feels 10 years old."
76561198115865494,Not Recommended,231430,14291486,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,jamieray007,Well i purchased the 19.99 version to see if this is what i wanted and I cant do anything in it. I keep telling me to purchase more add on. WHAT A bunch of crap. Think this is just like a scam so you keep purchasing all the add ons.
76561198026348852,Recommended,231430,8731098,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Norbik ^0CZ,"Really nice WW2 game with stunning graphics, CoH2 is a excellent example how the game should evolve with every new release of their game, singleplayer is great, but only in mutliplayer you will feel the true adrenaline war orgy."
76561198007299642,Recommended,231430,11335527,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,[BCMO] buffsboy474,Sets the standard for a next gen strategy games.I highly recommend!
76561198011187885,Recommended,231430,13465167,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Quail Puncher,"In this review I'm only talking about the multiplayer, single player is not worth it at full price, wait for a sale.As a long time fan of the RTS genre, a platinum level random player on Starcraft 2, and a little experience on the first Compnay of heroes, I feel I am qualified to make a review for people who haven't played Company of heroes 1. COH2 has taken the starcraft formula and taken out the Korean/Robot mechanic requirements of upper level play, and replaced it with tactical thinking and an emphasis on micro.This is what makes the game truly shine, the perfect flank on an entrenched position that won you the game. Not a flank in a typical RTS, where your just trying to maximize the DPS of your blobbed army. Alot of the units you use in the game are less effective when attacked in the rear or sides. The arc of fire on machine gun positions and artillery pieces mean that you have an actual advantage when flanking. I cannot describe the satisfaction of pulling off a successful flank and crushing an opponents otherwise superior force. Not a starcraft number game, but tactical thinking.The explosions, those are what's gonna keep you hooked and coming back for more.The sheer glee you experience when a satchel charge blows up a half-track or perfectly timed artillery strikes that wipe out an opponents entire infantry force. That is what the game is all about. The  combat is gritty and while it has an arcade feel, COH 2 tries to depcit war in semi-realistic fashion. I'm a rather quiet person, but the target firing howitzer still makes me howl with laughter when I one shot a king tiger. To make ME shout for joy, is quite the achievment.There is always a ""but"" at the end of most positive stuff about this game. Despite the updates I still feel like one should be included. The game has been out for over a year and still has game breaking bugs. They are few in number and rare now with numerous patches, but still lurk around. Balance in the game is often brought in the game websites forums and reddit. I however feel that for 1v1s and 2v2s it is fairly balanced. I am basing this on my experience with starcraft 2. It's true germans have better late game especially in 4v4's but that's what makes the factions varied. It's no secret Sc2 that protoss has the best late game. No one really complains about it in the community, because its the way they were designed. I feel this holds true here, do you wanna play the more micro intensive scrappy factions like the a allies (terran)? Then go right ahead, It is the options that you have that are in spades here, especially with 4 completly unique factions.All in all it's worth every penny to me, because no matter what bugs there are, what imbalances may or may not be there, It's always a blast to play Company of heroes 2."
76561198042767445,Recommended,231430,14362518,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,M1N1B34R,"When i first bought this game, i was dissapointed, mostly on the way we received the bulletin and how people can just buy things (commander) to win the game, however when the western armies front released, i begin to play the game again, there is much improvement, such as war spoil, and the addition of two faction US and OKW, this really change thing and make the game more lively,  although just like the 1st COH German armies is a bit though in late game, but i believe this is part of the game strategy. if you like the previous Company of heroes i recommend that you buy this game.However please note on how the automatch find opponent is quite different with the previous COH, there is no rank system, hence you can find your self facing though opponent even if you just start the game. This is something the developer also need to fix."
,Not Recommended,231430,15304880,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,MR.Crappy Aim #TF2Center,How to make game about russians in WW21.Make a game2.Germans op3.Make a wrong campaing4.Make that game was be ban in Russia5.Add DLC6.Add Murica7.More DLC8.Make DLC about Muricans and selling it for 40 eiro9.Forget about russians in game10.Make another DLC
76561198096980850,Not Recommended,231430,33319475,Posted: 6 July,all,MariusVan,Sad but there is no soviet units...
,Not Recommended,231430,33340995,Posted: 7 July,all,lete,Game stopped working. I constantly get stuck in the company of heroes 2 splashscreen when launching game.
,Recommended,231430,33100026,Posted: 1 July,all,Dagitab,"Really awesome game. Basically almost the same as the old Company of Heroes, but some graphics improvements can be seen.I love that so many campaigns can be played, although I think the makers did find a way to monetize on these campaigns by selling them separately.I also think the game has become too multiplayer-oriented, though, Just like what happened to SOCOM on the PSP. This is evident by the far fewer campaigns for single player, as well as having more perks for playing multiplayer. However as for the gameplay anf strategy, everything remains the same and its good that it does so."
76561198146231113,Not Recommended,231430,33499323,Posted: 13 July,all,TypicalBritishWanka,"I'd like this game IF there wasn't so much DLC, I mean, I payed £15 for the game alone, then the British Dlc was another £10 For British Forces, then another 15 for US And OBERKOMMANDOWEST, which, if I buy that dlc I also get the standalone game for free!? (Essentially I just wasted £10)If that wasn't enough DLC, I now have to pay to have another campaign with another 10 dlcs involved! WHAT!OH! and then there are microtransactions, small ones, but none the less micro transactions after you've already payed Over £40 worth of dlc.The game isn't balanced, so I like to just play with friends in modes against AI, because who the ♥♥♥♥ wants to have 30 hours on the game and go against a player with over 5000, and then one of his friends that has over 2000, and I can't tell what the other two people on the enemy team is because they're steam profiles are privated! not to mention this community is complete cancer and if you step out of line one bit they will go full 1939 on you.In my opinion, it's not the balance of teams that count, it's the balance of match making, Why Do I, someone with under a 100 hours have to face people with over 5000, Which for some reason there are loads, it's one of those games where loads of people have tons of hours, and it really shows, which confuses me because in this game you don't have to grind like Warthunder or whatever, it's just a game for fun.I wouldn't recommend this game unless it's on steam sale, of which you can get everything for under £10."
76561198339399057,Not Recommended,231430,35339857,Posted: 30 September,all,921328041,"Fire the guy who design the story of campaign.How does such a fool with little knowledge about Soviet Union in WW II get this position?Good game,great music,bad DLCs,terrible campaign."
,Recommended,231430,1917365,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,wayward,"With incredible depth, a wonderfully implemented territory control system, clever mechanics representing the hardships of winter and some awesome explosions, this game is one of the best I've ever played. It's hard to overstate how amazing it really is.Some games really show their true colors only from the inside, and Company of Heroes 2 is one of them. Sure, its pedigree is impressive: the original Company of Heroes is one of the highest-rated RTS games of all time, and is still played by a large and dedicated fan base even seven years after its release. Relic, the developer, is beloved for titles like Homeworld 2, the Dawn of War games, and Impossible Creatures. As the fans of many genres can attest, however, sequels don’t necessarily mean improvement. Companies can easily lose track of what their fans loved about a beloved original. Rest assured, Company of Heroes 2 does its predecessor and the RTS genre quite a service: from the outside, it’s a polished and visually impressive RTS. From the inside, it can quite often be breathtaking.Graphically, this is one of the most visually impressive RTS games out there. From cannon fire knocking chunks out of civilian structures to the satisfying weight with which vehicles move to how wounded soldiers writhe on the ground in virtual agony, Company of Heroes 2 handles physics, lighting effects and tank and weapon designs with great care and attention to detail. Even on low graphics settings the game looks darn good and behaves nicely. Sometimes, graphics can get a little muddy with a ton of greys and browns, but that comes, I think, as much from the subject matter as anywhere. This is not a game befitting of bright, primary colors.Its depth will take some getting used to for the novice, and the veteran of Company of Heroes might have some adjusting to do and might question whether some omissions or upgrades are truly steps in the right direction, but I honestly feel that despite its somewhat lackluster campaign story, Company of Heroes 2 has a broader appeal than its predecessor and brings interesting decision-making to the mix with its weather mechanics and the ability to requisition abandoned enemy material. You will not regret picking this one up, I can assure you."
,Recommended,231430,34361751,Posted: 19 August,all,The Corporal,"Love this game (though no one can replace COH 1).Pros:Gorgeous GraphicsMore Units5 factions (OKW, Wehrmacht, US, USSR, and UK)Good campaignReplayabilityWorkshop supportFun against AI or human playersCons:In-game microtransactions can push some potential players awayCostly DLCCustom models and such aren't supported by Relic (no total conversion mods RIP)"
76561198340914127,Recommended,231430,34079014,Posted: 7 August,all,Drill Sergent,Really nice game
,Recommended,231430,10271494,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,FastNigellan,"Maybe not what many were expecting as the sequal to a game of the year, however it is worth every penny. Company of Heroes 2 offers an ""if its not broke dont fix it approach"", while adding new exciting features!"
76561198015505016,Recommended,231430,10823907,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,HaGGeN,Lots of DLC's available for this game. The game is poorly optimised IMO. Takes a beefy rig to run it at maxmimum. Awesome WWII RTS and I highly recommend it to everyone interested in these types of games.
76561198099718338,Recommended,231430,35052146,Posted: 18 September,all,Lao ma,Great strategy game
76561198344980166,Recommended,231430,29226046,Posted: 13 January,all,落叶的惆怅,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
76561198158182560,Recommended,231430,20576096,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Lord Dread,"good game fore all it has good grafic, great game play, and good online game play, it will take a while to get a hang of though turtorail is not as good as in company of heroes 1. Also if you buy the game buy it in a bundle with western fronts or the U.S. it allows for better gameplay, campain is intresting and challenging enough. I highly recomend this game to all people who love history and world war 2."
,Recommended,231430,29158472,Posted: 10 January,all,Daintyapples,"So far. I played this for 100+ hrs now. I think I had enough gametime for a review (Just to learn or master the basics)... I've noticed sometimes the game get mixed ratings all because of those people just keep complaining about the micro-transancs. The game is actually pretty amazing and well-balanced considering the current updates. I had all the multiplayer armies addons but not the micro-dlcs, some of them I got from rewards from the game itself. For a short review, (I'm not really good at reviewing games.) in my conclusion, the game is pretty solid and amazing if your into RTS. I'll recommend it."
,Recommended,231430,15734503,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,xENiGMa,Classic RTS for any fan of the genre this is a must have!!!
76561198217723043,Recommended,231430,23158925,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Janemba,"games awsome, as long as your not russian its not offensive either ahah"
76561198125009052,Recommended,231430,23200249,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Adam™,Iam love it
76561198127396786,Recommended,231430,24088841,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Chuck,Great game!
,Recommended,231430,26501353,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Sithious,"I think it's about time I re-wrote my review for this game cas the last one was just an angry rant about things that needed balancing and smoothing out which they are now, so yea, I should suck it up and change it.Company of Heroes 2 has been one of my favourite RTS games for afew years now, almost 2 to 3 now if I’m correct and deserves way more love then the rant I gave it before. I'm really good at it now, everything is balanced, everything is manageable and don't get frustrated by anything much then spammy AI so yea anyway I'm gonna write a short and sweet opinion review for this now instead to give it the recommendation it deservesThe goodIt's a very solid RTS nowGreat faction selection now if you buy all the DLC's, get them on great salesGreat unit variety, especially with the All Units modGood map selection now to keep you interestedRespectable graphics and physics engine even up to nowKept the not perfect but innovative cover system from CoH1Added new mechanics that you either like or don't, the cold systemAmazing community, great free mods and skins to choose from, including maps!Good game dynamic and flow through the early game, mid and late game tiersPerfect to play competitively or casual reallySurprisingly fantastic replayability, every single match will feel different if you change the maps aroundThe Bad:Doesn’t run particularly well, even on my GTX 980 with 32Gbs of RAMNo SLI support for a poorly running gameGame performance plummets near end of game, terribad optimizationBalancing can sometimes get funky, one month a unit can be great then useless the next month after an updateThe Frustrating:Oberkommando West can easily get overpowered if you let them, so don't let themEnemy AI on highest difficulty clearly cheats resources and unit spam most of the time, outsmart themDoesn’t save match XP if your internet is down or doesn’t connect to game server for some reason, always stay connectedThings actually just not making sense logically, but they do balance wise. Such as a tank with a powerful gun shooting a half track but it takes the shot and just drives away. Or especially, armoured cars and half-tracks being able to be damaged by small arms fire, pretty silly.Conclusion of this review war:As you can see by the many hours I’ve played this game once you know all the factions and all the units you can hop in and have an RTS blast with friends or by yourself with AI. Caring about World War 2 history will help you enjoy this game significantly more of course, but not required at all especially since it's not exactly realistic in any sense, such as tanks and infantry having health and sometimes being really inaccurate for no reason.I give it a solid 9 / 10 really, it has the whole formula that makes a true, enjoyable RTS game and I hope Relic works on a third instalment eventually in the next few years cas it can only get better from here now that they have fundamentally fixed and added good variety to the game."
76561198022549996,Recommended,231430,23192591,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Osama bin-naughty,Company of Mortars 2 (Anal Edition)6.9/10 - would love to play a game without 49 mortar squads
76561198088792583,Recommended,231430,23385080,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,maddog23233,meh
76561198103033849,Recommended,231430,23665292,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,The Overseer,"Epic game, little community. Highly recommand playing with a friend a evolve together."
,Recommended,231430,23699492,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,☆『「ゆうこ」』 ☆,"very fun game, great to play solo or with friendsquite fluid in putting defense structures all over the placewall of bunkers OP"
76561198002053619,Not Recommended,231430,23829929,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Klavs,"This is a very strange wargame. You see, You can't make a game without having abstractions. Like You don't ask a player to spend 10 years in training for a single battle to die in 10 minutes and then be happy because of realistic permadeath feature. We have abstractions everywhere in every game. Now how does this go with Company of Heroes 2? Well, here developers have created a whole new game around the abstractions. They are now called features. And while each side of conflict in CoH2 has the very same goal and very similar means to achieve that, the CoH2 developers have decided that they will throw in completely different mechanics for game abstractions for each faction.For example: there are completely different mechanics for research tree for each faction:The simplest solution is for Russians - You just ask Your engineers to build a respective building and You have new hardware unlocked.For Germany You have to gather resources to ""unlock battle stages"". Then build as Russian faction does.For other German faction (OKH) it is different - here You build special construction ""halftrack"" and drive to the location of Your preference to set up one of three different types of ""forward base"".Now Americans have again their own way - they have to build an officer unit who will unlock the corresponding units.And at last for the British You have to choose for two different research branches - depends if You plan to attack or defend.Then how each faction deals with repairs?The most reasonable feature is for US faction - they can disembark their vehicles and crews turn in to the repair engineers. A nice touch to that mechanic is that You can crew Your tanks with any type of infantry squad. But with a twist: You can't disembark squad equipment. Like You want to abandon Your own mortar and crew that nice Russian 120mm, but ... You can't. You have to call other infantry squad for that and they will stick to that crew weapon until they die. And while US crews are still able to board and abandon every vehicle from other factions, they get their hands on (because sometimes badly damaged enemy hardware can be repaired and captured), their own crews are totally glued to their hardware. Even if You have a ""repair by crews"" perk available, Your troops will not exit their hardware to do maintenance the way American faction does but they will do it ""sitting inside"". For god's sake .... why?Well I do have some clues why this have been done - I am afraid that down behind the visual images all pieces have very similar defence/attack attributes for each tier of equipment and probably it is done to achieve better ""multiplayer balance"", so that in the end - each faction would probably become almost identical beneath cosmetic appearances unless developers have mixed around mechanics of abstractions for features like tech research, hardware repair and troop customisation.Do I like it? No.Personally I would prefer a mix of Russian reinforcement features (Many Russian troop types can merge to reinforce others, American crew mechanics, extended to the crew hardware, American/British style of weapon racks where You can pick up LMG or Bazooka, and German mechanics for engineers who swap their mine detector for another Stg assault rifle. Other engineer troops can't do that. I would prefer to get rid of mobile reinforcement from APC's for because it is silly and have a complete redesign for static defences because these are dumb in this game. The best are ""trench house"" for German OKH Faction and I think American and British can also build them (with right type of commander) I would only leave winter mechanics as they are, except that every troop type should have an ability to make a fire and hardware should have to be prone to ""mechanical faults"" during winter too."
76561198022449710,Recommended,231430,30103461,Posted: 22 February,all,Cardanas21,"Buy it. Build the community. Winning does not take a fancy commander as I have played as the vanilla commanders and factions the entirety of the game and managed to win. Disregard the people who say you really need to pay to win, its entirely false. Great game with awesome gameplay elements, visuals and historical accuracy."
76561197983804538,Recommended,231430,16955232,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Soldat.Fleitling,Älskar man RTS så Älskar man Company of heroes 2. Så enkelt är det!
76561198044673569,Recommended,231430,9839060,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Scopias,"It is a great game if like WW2 games,!!! Like from me!"
76561197999416881,Not Recommended,231430,14530256,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Apocalypse,"I'm surprised we don't have to buy ammo for our pixeltruppen. $0.99 for 500 rounds of rifle ammo, or 10 rounds of artillery ammunition.Buy Company of Heroes 1 and its three expansions, then install the Blitzkrieg Mod.Company of Heroes 2 cant even come close."
,Not Recommended,231430,21864697,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Olden_bread,"It is offending like hell, and also not very well written. Story is awful, characters are dull.Game mechanics is unrealistic even in timelined missions with tanks often have overpowered penetrations. Soviets in multiplayer have a trouble getting panzerfist in time.Donations for generals in multiplayer are not really making things better, but instead makin relic reacher.Aside of visuals this game doesnt really worth attention."
76561198122595741,Not Recommended,231430,14738126,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,[Pvt] W. Heinberg [PTF],"I loved this game, played it everyday. Payed over $100 for dlc and etc. until one day it saus the steam servers are too busy... ha ssaid that for 3 months now. have done multiple to fix it, and have contacted them through supprt and still no response. FIX YOUR GAME THAT I PAYED SO MUCH MONEY FOR AND HAVE INTRODUCED TO MY FRIENDS WHICH THEY PAYED $80 FOR THE OVER PRICED WESTERN FRONT ARMIES! so sorry for wanting to play a game that I have supported which lead to you getting more money."
76561198031866950,Recommended,231430,23267238,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,(4eD) Krutan,its ok
76561198014253437,Not Recommended,231430,8725737,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,KREUZ,Russians are Too OP its a spam map not like coh Vanilla but more like C&C or star craft were theres no tatical skill in it just spaming and who can get it the quickest and cheapest coh original is the only way to go.  Theres also no choice with different factions to play a more unique stratigic role in the game just spam spam spam germans are the underdogs not even evenly matched just all around garbage
76561197999850128,Recommended,231430,15756315,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Awesome player,One of the best rts games I have ever played
,Recommended,231430,10596310,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Seoulhunter,"Just as amazing as the first COH and although not a huge, revolutionary upgrade, it's a good evolution towards a more solid mission structure and story. I can't wait to see what the next offering is. 5/5"
,Not Recommended,231430,11739859,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Kocheu ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Men of war serie is SO MUCH BETTER to me
,Recommended,231430,23092000,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Satsujinki,At least I could spam my conscript with anti-tanks to kill every focking tanks at the end of earth.  No regrets and nothing at all.
76561197963429904,Recommended,231430,17279840,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Hexman,My name is Hexman and I am addict. When I win I can make me feel euphoric and a loss can leave me with feelings of despair. The only way to stop the feelings of despair is to play one more game.....  I have tried to quit many times and every time I have failed. 95%
76561198051767548,Recommended,231430,24832074,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,chrisr_115,Best game I have ever played in my life.
,Not Recommended,231430,9867383,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,RadRoofer,"Don't bother.  Despite my hundreds of hours, I do not recommend this game."
,Recommended,231430,12448700,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Fearless Prince Amazing,"Its worth buying even if just for the Singleplayer and Theater of War, not much improvement from the first game, but its definitely fun"
,Recommended,231430,13415002,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,AB_Attack,CoH and CoH2 are the best RTS's I know. It is a simple yet deep game with lots of content and interesting maps. For the WW2 interested person there is also loads of interesting information shown when hovering over abilites and perks and such.
,Recommended,231430,1249220,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Chiper136,A brilliant continuation of the CoH series on the eastern front. Single player lacks some of the drive of the first but this is compensated by a superiour multiplayer and the theater of war content.
76561198003844969,Recommended,231430,8862938,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,﴾ϟϟBRAVO﴿,This game is very good and realistic. The best thing about this game are the multiplayer games. They are very intense and lots of action. Single player is kind of boring but the multiplayer rocks. You can customize your army with different perks and skins for your units which make this game more enjoyable. It is money well spent if you want a high quality RTS that is not just mass producing units and send them in one direction. You have to actually know how to use each unit and attack in a combined arms fashion.
76561198067256238,Recommended,231430,17764251,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,MilfJäger,"Since before the game came out, I've paid $179.99 in DLC and Xpacs to Relic and Sega. Did I have to buy alot of the things at full price? No. Was it stupid? Looking back, I would say yes but I really do enjoy this game. I want the developers to have the necessary funds to make it a REALLY great game. Am I disappointed so far? Yes. After 735hrs of play, roughly 0.25 an hour to play. (It's still very cheap entertainment) there is still no word on my beloved 4v4s being fixed. Spamfest and cluster♥♥♥♥s all around. I still do recommend the game on account of it has its moments. The soundtrack is exciting and often times gets stuck in my head. When it comes down to it though, this is SIMS LEVEL PRICE GOUGING. Equivalent to paying 29.99 for 10 outfits and 20 new pieces of pixelated furniture. If you decide to play, leave your wallet at home and wait for sales!!!!!"
76561198039697317,Recommended,231430,11221184,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Zeeknot,"Good multiplayer, medicore singleplayer--pick this game up when it's on sale."
76561198050378423,Recommended,231430,33975877,Posted: 2 August,all,鷲Nihlo,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Good game!
76561198424102618,Recommended,231430,35495503,Posted: 5 October,all,Der Kommander,"Company of heroes 2 is a great game, however there are drawbacks to the game.1. Limited amount of units you can have (I had to get a mod)2. Ai spams lots of tanks if get a mod which gives lots of resources3. Replays can't skip areas of it unless you can4. No giant map for me to build a massive defense line until the enemy ai reaches my base and destroys it :(5. Can't play online - Players are usually afk in lobbiesYet the game has some good things1. Good maps (I really enjoy having to use community made maps as the maps are great)2. Paratrooper cooldown is fast (Nothin better than spamming Paratroopers near the enemies HQ)3. Great Campaign (Graphics could be better for cinematic scenes)4. Being able to save my losing battles against the horde of tanks sent by the ai5. Having the master collection to the game for 13.99 USD <I recommendP.S If you're looking at my account then u see i have 1 game is because i have 2 accounts... don't judge me"
76561197981329449,Recommended,231430,12759144,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,y0urkill3r,"As a former CoH 1 veteran and fan of competitive multiplayer strategy games, I finally found the game that will fill both aforementioned roles.When CoH 2 was out, I refused to buy it after being frustrated by the inglorious end of CoH 1. Veterans of CoH 1 will understand... abandonment, bugs, imbalance, NAT connection issues, too many exploits and lame stuff that would ruin your fun in the long run.I grabbed it on sale 2 weeks back together with Western Front Armies and I can say ""well spent money"".For quite some time, I have been on the look out for a modern era strategy game that has deep tactical gameplay combined with an excellent multiplayer service; the one that you can just click automatch and start playing (ranked or not) against someone of equal skill. Something that games like ""League of Legend"" do very succesfully. And it gets better, as with the newly launched observer mode, you can now watch games live from other players.As for the game itself, it exceeded my expectations. Graphics, voice overs, mechanics, the vaulting feature, the cold and much more are of superb quality. So much improvement over CoH 1 that I can sit here for hours listing every single one of them.As for the balance I have yet to see any. From previous threads, I can see there were some issues but from what I have seen so far, most of them have been fixed. I believe you can expect to find a well balanced multiplayer experience.-To CoH Veterans: Do not be as reluctant as me, BUY IT. It is not the pain we all remember as seen in CoH 1. It actually exceeds expectations. Hopefully, you will be as surprised (in a good way) as I am with it.-To newcomers: I definitely recommend it. However, don't expect to find a game that plays like age of empires, starcraft etc. Remember it is a TACTICAL strategy game. A lot of stuff need to be done to achieve victory apart from training soldiers&tanks and blobbing them all in a single attack. My recommendation: Watch replays and live games! preferably from top players. This is the method I used to become better at this game. Watching how other players go around the battlefield can be an invaluable lesson that will only make you better. If you cant be bothered watching it all, just use 2X, 4X + speeds. You can still learn stuff even on Fast Forward.The only negative that I want to mention is the great number of trolls and whiners that are present within the community. Unfortunately, that is something that wasn't adressed properly from CoH 1. If you take a look in the forums, you will see people whining, screaming over balance, trolling etc etc.I believe there will always be small or big issues with balance with games like CoH2 due to the nature of the game itself. However, crying, cursing and screaming like a spoilt 10 year old ""OMG OMG OP THIS OP THAT NERF THIS BUFF THAT ♥♥♥♥ NOOB, WTF RELIC, STFU OMG OMG"", even if you have a legit point, it does not make it any better.As with the first CoH, there were REAL issues with balance. Indeed! however, this was the excuse for people to start whining about everything. even for things that weren't broken. From my experience, most of the whining comes from L2P (Learn to play) issues. People that expect this game to be like age of empires. Sorry guys, this is NOT AoE. Learn to play well first then cry about balance. You will see that the things you call OP, UP or Broken are actually lack of experience and skill. Both Experience and Skill comes from playing and LEARNING from your mistakes.Thats all!9/10 Keep at the good work guys ;)"
,Recommended,231430,13565755,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Quit,"The best RTS game I played so far, hands down. Each faction and unit has clear strengths and weaknesses, so I have never encounter a situation where I would ask myself ""how on earth am I supposed to counter that"". Although good micro is essential it's nowhere near the APM spam levels of Starcraft so those who are unable of achieving gosu clicks (like me) will definitely appreciate that. I won't even comment on graphics, models, animations etc because everyone who has a set of eyes will note these are superb.The main flaw I would say is the pricing and the ever-so-present stupid DLC policy (pay for one army, pay for another army, pay for a general, pay for a mission pack, pay for a new single player campaign, pay for the fact that you can pay etc.) But when on discount, make sure you grab it if you like RTS and/or WWII games"
,Not Recommended,231430,12607130,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Kelbor-Hal,"An absolute steaming pile of crap, with terrible balance, non existant MM and cancerous mechanics. Would not recommend to my worst enemy."
76561198031144522,Recommended,231430,22794356,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Snoop',Must have.
76561198060338962,Recommended,231430,12835476,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Leviathen,"Company of heroes 2...... Wow, i have been a fan of the franchise for a long time it was axis and aliies andd then this and all i have to say for it is thatv from all the bugs and nerfs and from the kids and the vetrans i love this game this is not the account i have it on but after 300 plus hours of that and 100s more on the first this is one of my favorites.the things i like about this is  mostly comes from the flow of the game. In the first  you would always be having these stand stills in the game but here its a constant stressful envirorment which you have to adapt to. also is the damage model i did hate thye damage model on the first because it would take alot longer and make the game feel like it lost something in me but here it feels complete and again it flows good.the last thing major i love is the new community maps which have been easier to download and play with your freinds.it makes  things come in like mini games weird maps and just a hole lot of fun to endlessy enjoy i hope youy enjoy the game."
,Recommended,231430,12530735,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,CaptainSlick,Don't be stupid. Buy this game.
,Recommended,231430,12649563,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Tipster,"Company of Heroes 2FieldRatingReviewGraphics8.5As far as RTS games go, Company of Heroes 2 is one of the more graphically intense ones out there. The attention to detail in this game is outstanding. You can zoom in and watch your soldiers faces as they're under heavy fire, or simply idling about. Explosions are well...explosive, both in visuals and sound. Firestorms that form during battles are intense, and fully destructive to the environment (as with all the elements in the game).Gameplay7As much as I love the Company of Heroes series, I found myself completely frustrated and overwhelmed with the new commanders system, along with the much more complex interface. That being said, the gameplay itself is still extremely satisfying, and brutally intense with lots of units to choose from, though less buildings than the first iteration of the game. With a semi-new cover system in place for your units, you can add a whole new layer of strategy to your gameplay.Story6Company of Heroes 2 brought forward a good narrative regarding the russians and their involvement in WWII. However, RTS strategy games have never been the best at story telling, and the story doesn't very much draw you in or engage you.Multiplayer8A blast to play with some friends vs AI, or others online, CoH 2 delivers a great RTS experience, with some new gameplay elements thrown into the mix, you'll find yourself getting rather tactical as you work together on the field to eliminate your foes. However, due to some new tweaks they made to annihlation mode, the game can get VERY drawn out near the end of a map. So, overall CoH 2 keeps you thoroughly involved, then starts to lose you near the end of the game (in annihilation).Replayability7As stated before, the drawn out ends of some matches can burn you out on wanting to play for a bit. However, as far as RTS games go, you'll probably keep coming back to CoH 2 simply due to it being plain and simply a fun game.Overall7.4/10In the end, this is still the Company of Heroes you loved in the first one. Though some of the new commander elements are rather annoying and frustrating, the game still delivers as a solid RTS.If you liked this review, feel free to check out my curator page:The Tipster"
,Not Recommended,231430,12818107,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,HappyRoosevelt,"I love strategies and i love old school games for for their hardcore difficulty, but prepare for dutch BDSM german porn if you would like to play as allies, cause in this game there's no such thing as balance nazies can do almost everything in this game. Want your Panzer and Pak 43 to shoot through buildings? Beach pls! Want your cheap artillery barrage which is stronger than Tsar bomba? Here you go! Want your mg 42 to suppress around 360 degrees even a bug that crossing the road far away from your troops? Hell yes! Cheap panzerschreck can punch through a bunker and still hurt your heavy tank. You will sweat as allie you will microcontrol everything and pray to multiple gods cause your tropps will miss even a huge building. SU 85 can't one shoot a 'ucking kubelwagen. If you want a peacefull and calm playthrough play as a nazi. If you want 9th circle of hell play as soviet! There's a special place in hell for employees of reiCHlik because of this shity balance"
,Recommended,231430,8012755,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Walls_For_Life★,Right now with the current state CoH2 is in I would say its a wonderful game! Although balance is not the way it should be at times it is regularly being patched. Relic is going through the same thing it went through in CoH1. But otherwise wonderful.
76561197992052874,Not Recommended,231430,13087078,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Kaitlyn 1Direction Fan <3,"I've been looking for a game to play with my entire family for a while. I was super excited when I saw Company of Heroes 2 come out. Everyone on my family quick rushed and bought the game. Soon after we all purchased the game, we found out the max people per game is 8 (my family has 11 people). THIS IS A WW2 GAME, THERE WERE MORE THAN 8 PEOPLE THAT FAUGHT IN WW2 WHY CANT MY WHOLE FAMILY PLAY THE GAME AT ONCE. my dad is fricking♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,231430,8355576,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,TeslaStop,"Its like Company of heroes with russians.-IGN 9/10 No King Tiger :( But seriously, Its great and I would recommend it to anyone wishing to play a nice eastern front WW2 RTS, or just get the eastern front mod for CoH 1."
,Not Recommended,231430,23133478,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Averof,"as much as i would like to post my honest opinion, steam has bloked me time and time again. so instead of writing 400 words ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the micro tranactions , the commander system , and the british air superirority nerf i will just say this.♥♥♥♥ YOUR CENSORSHIP.no seriously i cant even post on the forums and there is no resone for thisbut no seriously now.Me and a friend of mine decided to test the comander drop system  for about 150 hoursin those hours i would buy 3 commanders, and he would just tough it our and see what luck gets him. I so far have paid for 3 commanders and have gotten only 1 freeHe on the other had got 4 free commanders 3 of them were brits.if you pay money in this game they will milk your cash out and give you very little in return. SO YEAH I AM ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥BECAUSE THE GAME ALSO RUNS LIKE♥♥♥♥♥♥WHITH  NO WAY TO TURN STUFF LIKE THE SMOKE AND LAGGY♥♥♥♥♥FIRE OFF....i mean it looks nice but i dont see why they dont optimise it better. Stuff like disabling the ♥♥♥♥ing replays would help since they are going to dissapear each time relic decides to change sommething. But its not like there are no good things  here. The grafics are amazing and the combact  is fun*cough unbalanced*coughso much fun that i still play it to this day. I just want to see this game improve (and complain because i do that alot)"
,Recommended,231430,12651804,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Ironhard21,Awesome Game
76561198063684455,Recommended,231430,12516434,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Stixels,Considering how great the original CoH was this game is just an amazing way to follow it up. The game is a true RTS. It is really balanced and fun to play with any of your friends. CoH2 is a great stratergy game that really lives up to the original and keeps the RTS genre to its greatest potential.
76561198040371765,Not Recommended,231430,18079160,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Replica,"Pros:+ Pretty ok squad based WW2 RTS platform+ Really fun to play with friends+ Is becoming more and more moddable, and has some pretty cool mods being developed for it+ Looks pretty good graphics wise+ Pretty immersive and cool designs and details (lot of things like battle/idle chatter, death animations, etc)Cons:- Relic doesn't care- Vanilla unmodded CoH 2 is ultra arcadey and silly, think Dawn of War 2, but with germans and russians- Has a winter mechanic which was a big sell, but which actually doesn't matter because the AI doesn't even care- Virtually unplayable online due to questionable balance decisions and connection issues- Maps are really generic in most cases, don't expect a lot of tight street-by-street urban combat- Plagued with various bugs, both big and small that Relic knows about and ignore- Hilariously badly optimized and insanely resource intensive- While you CAN mod the game to allow actual big WW2 battles, the game can't really handle more than small scale engagements at good FPS rates- Relic doesn't care- Has a campaign that's pretty much half finished and filled with fillter skirmish missions- Has ""Theathre of War"" scenarios which are essentially Skirmish Victory Point with AI advantages ofc- AI is mentally challenged, gets bonus resources, can see all your units (even hidden units) and often breaks completely- Relic. does. not. care.- Progression system that the game once had, was replaced ages ago with a 100% RNG system called ""War Spoils"", in which everyone - including the losers, and people who didn't even do anything - randomly get awarded random items, ranging from skins, to faceplates (lol), to commanders, victory strikes and bulletins of all kinds (what this actually means is that you will have 800 duplicate common ""+3% faster IR light turret rotation"" bulletins and tons of duplicate commanders), it doesn't matter if you are good or not, pray to RNJesus that you ever get anything good out of it.- Also, they made a bulletin system and such, and then ignored it completely. It has never been changed once since implementation and at this point no one really knows what exactly most of the bulletins affect (as we discovered that some bulletins apparently secretly affect other units)- Old factions are left completely in the dust in favor of new DLC factions, Wermacht and Soviet's get no love anymore- Did I mention that relic doesnt care about this game?- Relic deliberately holding mod tools back and releasing them one by one instead of in a bundle like in the past, in order to milk as much money out of the game as possible with DLC- Oh also, METRIC S-TON of DLC, they even have an ingame store where you can buy individual commanders and skins and faceplates, jesus christ!!- Relic talks big about ""caring about the community"", and ""listening to feedback"", etc, but not once have they actually really listened to us about things that matter. They don't acknowledge us, they don't respond to anything on their own forums, they don't tell us about their own community events for their own game even, or listen to the overwhelmingly bad feedback about things like War Spoils, etc.They literally DO NOT CARE anymore and are seriously only out to milk the game as much as possible.So what IS the verdict on this game??Like, buy it by all means, but for the love of god do it on SALE (except for Ardennes Assault).The mods can and WILL defenitely carry the game for you if you have some friends to play with and tolerate the asinine AI, it CAN be fun, but don't expect god knows what kind of amazing product or experience here and be prepared for disapointment and broken dreams.Maybe one day, when Relic finally decides that they are done trying to squeeze money out of us and breaking the game even more, we'll get the full mod tools and then the healing can begin."
76561198054322136,Recommended,231430,13108865,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Scrabbage,good stuff! :)
76561198046064289,Recommended,231430,12618674,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Inquisitor Germanicus,"Recommended on sale.Still has some bugs but wasn't released in the broken state that Rome II was in. My biggest qualm is the dlc that has come with this game, which makes the main game feel cut down.  Buy it in a good sale, the money you save then can go to buying whatever dlc you choose or another game entirely. Overall, this game is fun it just lacks some polish and content. Balancing is a bit of an issue, especially in multiplayer. Hopefully, Relic will finish weeding out the bugs and find the perfect balance for all factions."
,Recommended,231430,8276838,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,nethmes,"When this game first came out, i thought it was possibly the most dissapointing release of the year. However since its release, its become a game good enough to be warranted a real sequel to CoH1, if you want a real tactical RTS thats not all about macro and micro and build orders, get this game"
76561198031197526,Not Recommended,231430,8734484,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,SGT.Miller (Katyusha),it crashed in 5 min in game
,Recommended,231430,11961080,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Alex Gelotenus,"Good game, quite a bit of DLC but most of that doesn't matter if you are a good player and only play Multiplayer."
,Recommended,231430,13630070,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,MacGillivray,"I highly recommend this game if you have any interest in (WWII-Themed) RTS games.  The game has two distinctive playstyles based on your team - German or Russian - which both take time to master (Russia is typically more difficult to play).  The objectives create frantic battles over supplies, while blizzards keep you on your toes and allow for some diversions.  The game doesn't ever really get stale, and every skirmish seems to hold something new.The game commanders play lesser roles (though they can be helpful) - so don't worry too much about people's accusations that the game is ""pay to win"".  If you think you're interested in the game based on the screenshots, then I would encourage you to go ahead and purchase the game.  And watch a lets-play or something of the sort, as well, as the trailers aren't a great demonstration of how the game plays.  But in the end, it's a solid RTS game and I would be surprised if you didn't enjoy it."
76561198008901879,Recommended,231430,12024901,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Lifer,"I would absolutely recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of the RTS genre or interested in WW2 in general. Unlike popular RTS games like Starcraft, this game relies heavily on unit preservation and tactical thinking. Resource income is determined by territory you control across the map rather than the classec builder/resource collector of the CnC/Warcraft era.Battle is intense and commanders are rewarded by correct tech decisions as well as when to stay and fight, and when to retreat to fight another day with veteran units. The numer of units available to each faction is excellent and each commander will be able to appreciate the unique nature of the force at their command. There is essentially very little overlap betwen the 4 factions at present and the game feels well balanced*.As with all games balance is a contentious issue and it's not entirely perfect in this game, however Relic (the developer) have been very good at interacting with the community and updating the game regularly (1-2months on average). I feel the balance is currently in a very good place and would only recommend minor changes.This game is a challenge but will reward dedicated players with satisfying victories as well as high fidelity combat and exciting sequences. I would recommend this game to anyone that has the slightest interest in RTS games. If you're still unsure - check out youtube and lookup ""the propagandacast"" or ""generals gentlemen"" for shoutcasts of top players. Alternatively have a look atwww.coh2.orgfor the number one fan site and take a look at popular streamers. I recommend Siberian or Stephenn JF as streamers to watch.I hope to see you in the game!Lifer"
,Recommended,231430,9925948,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,iToaster,"This isn't a game where you have the most massive armies, or you feel like the most badass commander. It's not quite the game that extreme micromanagers would enjoy. But more than any other game I have ever seen, including its predecessor and other RTS games of similar type, you get attached to units. You know everything about the units you have because you've had them for so long in the game, and then losing them makes you feel it both strategically and emotionally. You want to take revenge for that unit, you create another one of the same type but it just doesn't feel the same - everything feels like a troop that you sent out there and that you do not want to die.Gamewise, this game has unbelievable gameplay options thanks to steam workshop and, with any luck, incoming mod support - not to mention the soon to be released expansion, Western Front Armies. This game, much like Dawn of War 1 to Dawn of War 2, does not quite feel like its predecessor - while they share a lot of similar aspects, many things feel different. Maps and armies are generally smaller, and the maps are also considerably more open with few, if any, obvious choke points. While some may complain this is a less fun gameplay mechanic, it's extremely realistic and can prove to be extremely fun and challenging, especially with the line of sight system that now rivals Men of War's same LoS system where objects, smoke, etc can block your units vision which opens up immense possibilites for stealth and flanking.The only complaint I have is the snow mechanic - while it may look nice visually, they really didn't do as much with it as I wish they could have. Snow maps do not feel fun, but rather tedious, as you're forced to advance slowly due to cold weather. The maps also provide most sources of heat and such in strategic locations for you by default, meaning there's no real point to building fires other than rebuilding destroyed ones. Snow allows units to leave footprints and such, yes, but with maps that are generally smaller than the predecessor as mentioned, this really isn't necessary as the tracks simply wont continue far enough to be bothered with as units would likely be visible at the same time or very quickly after their tracks are noticed - not to mention tracks can only be left in deep snow, which is not abundant in the maps and areas where it is located can easily be avoided with no real tactical disadvantages.This complaint aside though, this game is outstanding in the RTS department. It is not the same as other RTS games on the market, such as Men of War and such, and I wish people would stop comparing the two games. Looking at this game as it's own game, it is beyond fantastic and I could not have asked for a better sequel. (Aside from snow.)"
76561198034074161,Recommended,231430,8651487,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,AirborneSpore,"Awesome game, lots of fun."
,Recommended,231430,8732515,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Viap,"Not nearly as good as Company of Heroes 1, however it’s still a great game. The Workshop maps saved the game and made it worth getting, especially on a sale."
76561197960343128,Recommended,231430,7965157,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,c0ck fighter,"relic and SEGA should us allow to use MOD.without MOD, coh2 is worthless.German faction really needs swastica on their flag.I played coh for more than 1000 hours, because it has a tons of great mods and custom skins.coh2 has only annoying DLC skin spam.SEGA and THQ almost killed this coh franchise but if they allow mod, coh2 will alive.but it's a good game anyway.if you like strategy game or ww2 game, you should buy this.it seems like russians don't like this game as you see in metacritic.but they are fools.if you know history, you would know Stalin is the worst dictator in human history.he killed russians more than Hitler.Stalin is a shame on humankind."
76561198076560009,Recommended,231430,12674174,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Silver,COH 2 THE BEST GAME IN MY LIFE!
,Recommended,231430,13926814,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,".,",Still has the worst unit pathing of any rts I've played/10
76561198088171993,Recommended,231430,7392985,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Saxil,САМАЯ САМАЯ
76561198180087749,Not Recommended,231430,33734114,Posted: 22 July,all,我控制不住我几及,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...We need Chinese  ""f uck you SEGA"""
,Recommended,231430,8751014,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,AirfixPanzer,"Haters gonna hate - it's different from CoH1 (which I've played since 2006) but it's still a crunchy, tactical experience. The campaign is great and multiplayer with 3v3 and 4v4 is insanely good fun. Enjoy."
,Recommended,231430,8127830,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Imperial Sage,"Company of Heroes 2 is one of the several best RTS games ever released . The game is more fluid compared to the original Company of Heroes . And has a lots of posibilities to expand this game into something even greater than what it is. And by the way , those hipsters that dislike CoH2 because it's not like CoH1 it's because they are jelly and don't have money ."
76561198022312215,Recommended,231430,8465885,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Gedco,camera angle is no.
,Not Recommended,231430,8941262,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Colin,This game sucks.  Do not buy this game.  What a waste of anyone's life.
76561198047571487,Recommended,231430,7955758,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Oberschütze Eusebio,"Great RTS game,if you want something full of adrenaline you can't miss it!"
,Recommended,231430,13715158,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Fennicus,"Company of Heroes 2 is a good game with a fantastic multiplayer. I have cared little about the campaign and I think, that the multiplayer is the main reason to buy this game, even though balance in there is sometimes horrible (prestige 1 getting matched with 3 etc.). In my opinion micro-transactions are not a big problem (I can however understand people having problems with them) as I have received almost all the commanders I want as drops and I don't care about the campaign packs or skins.Other than that, buy this game with western front armies (maybe with brits too) and you will have easily worth the money, playtime and fun moments!With my much over 500h in this game i can recommend it. Great game with friends too."
76561198047339801,Recommended,231430,13632197,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Techpriest,Is it the best game ever? No.Did I find it worth ~17 dollars to get all the DLC and the game on sale? Yes. Yes I did. I've had more fun with it than any movie I'd be able to see for 20 bucks.The SEGA fremium war spoils system is still ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t though
,Not Recommended,231430,14577597,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Chenni,"I'm not recommending this title!Of all the strategy games I have played, this has got to be one of the worst... and I love strategy games!If you're looking for a good strategy game, there are better titles out there! Starcraft 2, Dawn of War 2, Civ5, the Total War series, Endless Legend, Endless Space, Europa Universalis, Crusader Kings... anything but this title.First of all the UI, who ever designed the UI for this game needs to play DotA2, Leauge of Legends, Dawn of War 2 and Starcraft 2 to learn on how to provide the most information with as little space and useless info as possible!Unlike the Total War series, this game is terrible on the strategic level of things and yet when it comes to combat, it's still subpar compared to Stacraft 2! I dunno what this game is aiming to be, but it's certainly missing its mark."
76561198079412773,Recommended,231430,16503772,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Dingusrat,tank + comrades =victory for glorious motherland
76561198025090282,Recommended,231430,12232349,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,[TT]michael.f,"Great multiplayer experience, nice graphics and easy to pick up.Easily the best RTS since Starcraft II (although they are very different)."
,Recommended,231430,13001687,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Admiral Terror,"Honestly, aside from weather effects, this game hasn't changed too much from the original. But it didn't need to, its still an awesome game, plus a small co-op campagn. Worth getting."
76561198008948597,Not Recommended,231430,14709017,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,::1,"This game is an unbalanced mess. You will see that most players play as Axis because playing as the Allies is just soooo boring. You literally build 2 types of units the whole game to win.(If you liked COH1, keep it that way. DO NOT play this game- it's NOTHING like the first game. It's UNBALANCED AND UNFAIR.)When you play as Soviets, you can win using only Shock Troops and Conscripts.Shock Troop - kill all infantry instantly, use smoke grenades to effectively hard counter MGs and kill them instantly up close.Conscripts - homing anti-tank grenades that can be thrown across the map and kills most tanks in 3 shots + disables their moving capability for 15 or less munitions. Also has molotovs which renders all German infantry units useless for 10 munitions.Automatch - Select Soviet - Win - 100% of the time.You will also notice that all Allied players will deny the fact the Allies are OP and it's pretty pointless playing the game if not playing with the Allied factions.GG♥♥♥♥♥♥game, would not recommend."
76561198028629081,Recommended,231430,12491405,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,GLRUBBERDUCK,"Once you get past the learning curve and realize that the game is actually quite balanced you will really start to enjoy this game with its large amount of unit abilities and what seems to be just about the right amount of units although some are used more than others and with the addition of the western fronts DLC it mixes things up again and the amount of units and tatcics you will see increase dramatically. The graphics also look really good with some awesome visual effects such as smoke from tank barrels (don't stare at them for too long though or you may loose a unit, battle or game.)Overall this game is brilliant now and all the problems with launch are now firmly in the past, this is deffinately one of the best RTS's i have ever played and if you enjoy fast paced RTS's this is deffinately a must have."
,Recommended,231430,25385471,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Kappa,">playing with best friend>lets go comrades>capturing areas and defending them>making tanks>enemy coming>i scream for help>'im coming'>i see his tanks>we destroy some nazis>putin would be proud>he helps me defend with his tanks>nazis are coming with their tanks>air strike>miss click>all of our tanks are gone because of my air strike>FeelsBadMan>got destroyedthen i went home and played company of heroes 2,its fine"
,Recommended,231430,25105647,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Steve,I rate this game 9/11
76561198119602712,Not Recommended,231430,24910253,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,GreenColts,"Honestly, I had high hopes for this game, and maybe its just me who thinks this, I think you are far better paying £10 for one of the origional Comapny of Hero's DLC rather than paying £20 for this. It doesnt fell the same andI honestly think its boring, my opinion tho"
76561198102297414,Recommended,231430,12233950,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,shatteredfriend7,Great game worth every penny.
,Recommended,231430,10719468,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,[HDN✰] ღKanan Matsuura,"I would have to say that this entry of Company of Heroes may not be the best but it's certainly not the worst at all. This game does feel like an expansion than a full sequel but it does add more variety to this, co-op mode and custom maps support for multiplayer.Campaign is somewhat skippiable since the real stuff is Theatre of War and Multiplayer and a lot of people are assume that this game is pay2win because of DLC commanders that offer; however, they are just optional and with the upcoming expansion pack(the Western Front Armies) to this game, more variety will be added to the mix with US and German West forcesMy only complain is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t AI difficulty in this game than the previous one because of how the AI manages to BS you depending on what difficulty you set it on because not every player can micromanage their units and suchOtherwise, this game is a great as the last one.I do hightly recommend getting the new expansion pack, the Western Front Armies, as it adds more polish and better variety that should have made CoH2 what it should have been before"
76561198022017788,Not Recommended,231430,23403049,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,peacemaker257,"Not worth the money I spent on this game , its a ""buy to win"" online game and the singleplayer campaign.... well its just idiotic and simple it doesnt even come close to the first COH I'am sorry but also not sorry but thumbs down from me after so many hours I've had it"
,Not Recommended,231430,11838098,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Binary Daoist,Having never played a Company of Heroes game ever; the tutorial process is abysmal.Seems like a lot of fun if you know how to play.
,Recommended,231430,11137222,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,The Cure,"Better than the first one, with more mechanics and options. Lacks the balance of the first CoH, but gets better with every patch."
,Recommended,231430,10517630,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,MISTER PIG,">> Punishment for leaving a game? NO. Bad. Not necessary in 1v1, but 2v2 3v3 and 4v4 ? People just quit when you kill their♥♥♥♥♥ Should be ban system just like in CS GO."
,Not Recommended,231430,34353485,Posted: 19 August,all,Boner Jams '03,"DLC on DLC, dont buy unless ready to fork over more cash for a full game."
,Not Recommended,231430,34360250,Posted: 19 August,all,Possum!,"Enjoyable except the fact that the DLC that actually add content to the game cost $60.And if you want actual stuff there's $300+ of ingame purchases.I would be will to pay up to $25 for the entire game with all the DLC(I did buy it for close to this price, it was on sale)And MAYBE $60 for it all including the content of the ingame purchases."
,Recommended,231430,12394391,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Opulent Omega,"Ordered tank to reverse, tank went forward and turned itself around...10/10 Would reverse again."
,Not Recommended,231430,9466647,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Rihannsu,"A poor follow up to a great game, I spent entire weeks of my life in my pj's playing the first one. Food wasn't even a thought just a hot beveage and COH.This game falls extremely short. DLC imbalance aside, the inevitable wehrmacht rules the day. Shouldn't be the case should be russians get that and start of weak and disorganized.Relic does it, no question but totally backwards once again. Allies got strong as the war went on not germany.The gameplay is buggy, with the old microsoft approach. Don't fix anything just add more features, fixing stuff doesn't get you paid. I can imagine the exec's at sega telling relic that.I'd hope a third take on this game is better, maybe doing one with all the major powers then doing DLC.Get it together relic"
,Not Recommended,231430,11423170,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,PopularCannibal,"Company of Heroes 1 is the best RTS ever made. It's a widely held opinion. I'm happy to be of that opinion.CoH 2, however is not it's predecessor; it's a cheap cashin that focused on cutting out features for ""DLC"" instead of building a well designed game. Everytime I come out of a CoH 2 game, I always wonder to myself jee that was a waste of time wasn't it? instead of ""Wow that was one intense game"" that even skirmish games gave a sense of."
76561198072063266,Not Recommended,231430,10502450,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,James Hardens left Testicle,"great game but i keep getting error messages/reports even after Steam has 'fixed' the problem, it really frustrates me as i cant play the $70 game i bought.aside from that however the game is a fantastic buy that stays true to the serires and is a great WW2 stratergy game that one can spend hours of the day playing while still enjoying it."
76561198053485828,Not Recommended,231430,8930874,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,CounterAttack22,"If you enjoyed Company of Heroes, and you were a diehard fan. Please do not purchase, its the same game with a screwed up commander selection with no tree. The graphics are just a little bit better, but not enough to get my thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,231430,10015121,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Dreamweaver,65 DLCs!!! Come on...
,Recommended,231430,400915,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Harry101UK,"The first CoH was great, and this pretty much just adds to that. Exactly the same gameplay, with some neat additions. The Winter setting adds a nice touch, with frostbite killing soldiers and lakes of ice breaking and drowning troops and vehicles. There are tons of unlockables, achievements and customization options too."
76561197965046644,Recommended,231430,9996206,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,DarkSnakeSoul,"If you enjoy company of heros then you will enjoy this game on the sense of direction, the gameplay feels the same and pretty much easy to pick up and go.Good News :)- Game feels  the same- Story is pretty fun and interesting to play through-Good music and song brings the battle to life.- New Cold system is rather neat, allowing you to smash frozen rivers drowning poor souls that are crossing it and changes how the battle field is played.- Ability to put camo on your vehicles and customization on your commanding abilities such as buiding fast or having your infantry shoot straight :PBad News- Commanders Cost money which is kind of sad, if your a defender type player you are force to pay for get the trench ability for germans and so forth which is rather annoying. A lot of units that should of been apart of the core game are forced into the pay idea which sucks.- Cold system can be rather glitchy and sometimes you don't realize your forces are freezing even when they are 2 steps away from a heat source which is rather strange.- AI in some missions are bugged in the sense they believe it's ok to spam tanks and art on your positions even before you have the ability to get tanks. ( been fixed a bit since first launch...oh man first launch was mass spam of art on your position until the game was over)- The idea to sell 2 or 3 missions is rather stupid. Instead of making a solid DLC pack with a bunch of missions they sell them in waves which is hard to bare sometimes.- upgrades for units are take away from the veteran system, instead of placing armor plates on your tank you have to level them up in veterancy to gain it, which is cool but strange to have a tank in the middle of a battle all of a sudden have 2 pieces of metal shoved on it.- The cool 2 divisions within each faction is no longer around, this was a neat feature in the company of hero games where players can either be one of 2 division in their faction which has them build different units and fight differently , even though commanders seem to take the role of that.- Doesn't feel much was added besides the customization, felt more things were removed or simplifed to be honest.I would recommend on getting it if your a fan of RTS and company of heros and don't mind the pay part of the game even though you don't have to but the fact it's there and kind of shoved now and then in the menu is annoying at times. If you can wait for a sale then get it then other then that I would wait for the next one to come out and hope for improvement,"
76561198071207994,Not Recommended,231430,25027361,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,FarmerNerd,"The origional was a good game. Relic instead of building on this decided to use it as a cash cow and attempt to milk the wallets of their fans by releasing a pay to win sequel . As it was such a flop all the dlc is now cheap as chips, but dont forgive Relic for their evil. Do not buy this game."
,Recommended,231430,12612384,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,The Old Friend,"This game is both VERY exciting for both history and strategy games fans.Because its really a true immersive gameplay and  i also like the new standalone version for this game.And its brought attention for people all around the world to play this game.When i check the history books the facts that in here almost all of it its true.And many DLC and updates keep this game rolling for many times.And i would consider this games for many RTS players also.And for the ones that didn't have it,""Never back down for a struggle to get this game Comrades!"""
,Not Recommended,231430,25886599,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Carnage,Game does not work with Win10. No help in technical support forums. Extremely upset I can no longer play this game.
,Recommended,231430,6494044,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,omar_uav,best game in 2013  strategy
,Recommended,231430,12514824,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Rain,Awesome game! Once you start playing you can hardly stop.
,Recommended,231430,12522778,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,PirateTycoon,This game is just fantastic! 10/10
,Recommended,231430,2413241,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,LEGIO,good to slaugter conscripts with panzer grenadires and machinengewer
76561198078953989,Not Recommended,231430,10398196,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,git er done,"This review is about the Lack of Multiplayer maps and the upcoming ""Western Front Armies Dlc""Lets start off with the new DLC. Its 20$ (United States Money) for 2 new Factions (US and Wehrmacht) the sames teams from COMPANY OF HEROES VANILA. Why would anyone want to buy a less complete version of COH Vanilla which is a COMPLETE game. You can buy it but I think its a little redicoulous its just my honest review. Now moving onto the maps. In the COH 2 Vanilla there was only what 6-8 maps to pick from. Now theres about 20. What happend?!!!! I know theres workshop but come on! CoH 1 had over 50 maps and atleast 20-30 with Vanilla alone. Relic needs to step up and add more maps."
76561197968398641,Not Recommended,231430,12596536,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,MrLeeChicken,Fail game
,Not Recommended,231430,12807104,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,VLAD,"Game is ok, but online it is a mess.Match making terrible.Crashing everytime.Do not worth the money"
76561197970509330,Recommended,231430,12286028,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Blurfester,"This is the ultimate Eastern Front strategy game, with loads of replayability. The units and such are very realistic with new mission packs and such being added all the time. You have to watch things like the weather (making sure your troops don't freeze) to how thin the ice is, so you don't break thru with your tanks. With the COH2 community coming out in force to make maps for the game, this rts experience is not too be missed. Plus things just got better with the addition of the Western Armies add-on. A must by if you are an rts fan and doubly so if you enjoy re-fighting World War 2."
,Not Recommended,231430,30603859,Posted: 18 March,all,Bustah Machine urzu117,"garbage AI, garbage optimization, garbage everything in general. Instead of improving on the first game, they just flat out made everything worse (ranging from super high fuel costs for Germans, to making conscript spam as Soviets the new zerg rush). To add insult to injury, Commanders have to be grinded out (too long) or bought as micro transactions. Making a core gameplay alteration mechanic pay to get is absurd and really shows the cash grab that gaming has become. Do not even buy this on sale, just stick with the first game with Blitzkrieg mod. -15/10."
76561198016454243,Not Recommended,231430,12762997,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,sapperken,CANT PLAY THE ACTUAL GAME DESPITE PAYING FOR IT!!!!!!! NOT HAPPY AT ALL! ONLY CAN PLAY TUTORIAL. wHAT POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE.
76561197974828941,Not Recommended,231430,32218827,Posted: 6 June,all,Rich,"After my machine gun took heavy engine damage, i realised something had gone badly wrong with the design of this game. Picked it up on sale granted. But some really poor design choices during the campaign that now ive pretty much just turned it off. Russian troops just get mowed down even with overwhelming numbers its just a bit lame tbh. Germans in the campaign are just super OP and i get where they are going but its not fun at all. One mission once again heavy engine damage on an AT gun so can’t move it? What on earth?! What is this engine damage even on guns!? It just feels like the game is forcefully beating me down as the russians no matter what I do.Also the rocket launchers are now heat seakers apparently. Just had a rocket curve round a bend to hit one of my tanks... Not something i remember from the last game. Russian mobile arty doesn't kill in one even when you spend munitions... another crazy thing. Bodies flying into the air after a direct hit from 10 rockets? Forget it. They just take them to the face like a bawse. Troops and vehicles level up as russians but that's basically pointless. Doesn't matter how careful or stratigic you play it they just get completely rekt anyway.Put it this way, playing the campaign is like playing the first game when you were the Rangers going through the mission, they would run up to a squad and pwn it in like 5 seconds. But this time you’re playing the Germans so your teams are just getting smashed over and over. Also another note on this engine damage guff. It won't even repair in a reasonable time. I just had 2 squads on a AT gun. 15 minutes of repair and no dice?! Who on earth made these decisions? It’s crazy. Lazy to not even design something else like weapon damage and put that on instead at least then it would make sense. Really strange choices. Ultimately leading to a frustrating and disappointing experience.  I’ve only been playing a little while but so far pretty lame. Really loved the old COH. This one seems like it dances around what made the last one great but now this game seems to have lost its way. I’ll continue to play it and hope it gets better and i don’t want to have to moan and write a negative review because at the end of the day I only paid £7.50 for it but still I really disappointing.Just spent even more time on the game now and its a complete joke. Even the expansion is just punishing for no reason. Absolutely STUPID things like no population points apart from every 4 minutes. Germans just roll in with tanks and I have no fuel to unlock the captain to unlock my takes dispite having 4 fuel cap points. This game is a infuriating to say the least."
76561198093430925,Recommended,231430,22819277,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Vtnarg,"good game, sadly it has ""commanders"" which can be pay to win because of how some are better than others and the quickest way to get them is to buy them which sucks but they usually get balanced in the monthly balances, and unlike most stratagy games ive payed it actually has a good camera so i would rate it a 8/10 so if you like strategy games you should get this"
76561197998957655,Recommended,231430,13634342,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Panzer,"Been Playing since COH1 and was quite a fan.This game is only worth buying if its on sale, as you will be buying a lot of DLC.Pease"
76561198090337379,Recommended,231430,13647793,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,NessMess | SuperiorServers.co,"Perfect RTS games for those who love World War 2 & RTS games in general. This game DOES NOT have to be historically accurate to be good. The Russians are honestly way to mad about this game & I really don't understand why, Im Russian and i ENJOY this game (even the Champaing was good) - Remember guys THIS IS A GAME & not a World War 2 historical book.The DLC's could use a bit of tweaking on the OKW side. But everything else PITCH perfect. I would love to see some NAVAL or Air DLC's - Like controlling ships or calling in heavy bombing aircraft like the B-17 Bombers. This game has HUGE ways to expand and IT DOES NOT - REPEAT - DOES NOT have to be historically accurate. So Russians - please stop being but hurt about this game. If you don't like it - due to its *Historical facts* or the portrating of Russians killing their own soldiers. Then by all means DO NOT PLAY THE GAME. (Even though it's been proven as a historical fact and signed by Joseph Stalin himself.)"
,Recommended,231430,13645061,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Nabjab,"Amazing Game, Sad to see this game genre dying out, if you are a RTS fan, I DEF RECOMMEND this game 9/10The only thing I don't like about it is the amount of DLCs it has, other than that, the campain is so far challenging and interesting, the multiplayer is surprisingly fun, i just wish it had a built in VoIP to communicate with your team as this game relies alot on strategies and teamwork..."
,Not Recommended,231430,23632791,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,ThilocMoths,"Result of greed, incompetence and Nazi sympathy. I hope DoW3 will turn out better."
76561198054309757,Not Recommended,231430,26093129,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,ian.silver67,"IT'S JUST F******G AWFULGreat game. Many positive reviews highlighting brilliant models, super maps fast and exciting intuitative gameplay etc etc etc and they are ALL right......but.....the whole package is absolutlely F*****G awful for single player - IT IS A MULTI-PLAYER GAME ONLY.Pros :Read them on the positive reviews - they are all correct.Cons:4 difficulty settings : Easy+Normal = AI is♥♥♥♥♥♥and provides no challengeHard = Playable (but see below)Expert = AI is a god and his infantry are immune to gunfire and                                                    flamethrowers but still vulnerable to artillery.It has it all when it comes to WW2 infantry RTS and is EXCEPTIONAL.Fog of war - except for enemy AIResource limits - except enemy AIResource income dependent on map control - except for enemy AIBuildings produce 1 unit at a time - except enemy AI...and so on.AI also knows how far your units can see and will sit just outside visual range waiting for you to move.AI knows exact range of all your weapons and exact fields of fire all the time (this is beyond ludicrous for HQ flak guns - they are my guns and I can't even tell how far they fire as there is no range marker!!!).AI knows when his infantry have been clicked for bombardment by your field guns (so no warning smoke flares) and will move its units away.AI British infantry squad will nearly always kill a combat engineer with their first shot - your British infantry couldn't kill a combat engineer in a million f*****g years.Smoke prevents firing on the tank that used the smoke - even when your tank cannot move forward because it has bumped into the tank using the smoke - magic f*****g smoke.AI units can still fire and throw grenades when pinned - your units when pinned are f****d.AI is about as clever as a box of hammers and relies on the human's units being nerfed to hell in order to compete.  Try it - play OKW vs OKW and watch identical AI enemy OKW units run faster, see further, shoot further, do more damage, take less damage, retreat quicker etcThen there is pathfinding - is there a better word than the 'F' word to descibe pathfinding in this game ? No.....no there isn't, which is unfortunate because just saying it is f****d doesn't really describe how bad it is.Then there are dozens of little stupid things (eg military grade HQ half-tracks can't drive through a knee high sand bag wall, AI always knowing which gaps in trees or bushes - every tree and bush on the map - you can drive a tank through and which ones you can't), which if I wrote here would fill the page and raise my blood pressure to unhealthy levels......This is an absolutley fantastic tactical combat game but you have to accept the fact (which I admittedly struggle to do) that the programming is sub-par in places and the computer is not playing the same game as you so you should base all your decisions on the fact that common sense often doesn't apply to this game's systems and you are playing an omniscient being when fighting the AI. The only way to have 2 sides actually play COH2 is if both are human, so I hope you have friends to play with.This is all without discussing the DLC - in June 2016 I noticed the Eastern Front commanders sets and skins for both Wehrmacht and Soviets are discounted from €140 to €114.......give me a f***ing break, for that money I expect shares in the company not a f***ing paint job for my model tank.Finally, in Oct 2016: The game celebrated its 10th anniversary....yay......but combat engineers still get stuck between their own tank traps that they build....how f***ing long does it take to fix basic s.h.i.t. ???I apologize for the profanity......my only excuse is 1100+hrs of frustration and my inability to leave this flawed gem of a game alone."
,Recommended,231430,13533914,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Kelton312,This game is one of the most infuriating and satisfying RTS games I have ever played. The feeling of watching all of your units get utterly decimated by a wrong move or RNG or the feeling of watching your enemy get annihilated by a perfectly executed flank is like no other feel.  10/10
76561198061571329,Recommended,231430,7991007,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Tautvydas_LTU,labai geras kaip supranti kaip zaist kad laimetum :)
76561197962108346,Not Recommended,231430,13059845,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,[ΘX] majinojinn,Terrible.  Too difficult to figure out.  Painfully Linear.  Assault Squad 2 was a fraction of the price and 10 times better.
76561198068994648,Recommended,231430,9942878,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,-JustesenTheLad-,Great game! Great story and very realistic! Enjoying every moment from the Collectors' edition!
,Recommended,231430,12827659,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Adeltrudis,"This game, is awesome. Amazing graphics, detailed gameplay, many features such as blizzard, muds, etc.!100% recommended, you should buy it."
,Not Recommended,231430,8938042,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,=s5a=Jack,Worst game ever!!!
76561198126044418,Not Recommended,231430,30114784,Posted: 23 February,all,Tender,"Cancer... atleast it gave me it. first tiger b unkillable, 2nd britian unbalnced asf cant even last 40 mins, comet just get out of town its better than a tiger ace, american rangers kills troops with a flick of a finger, a rangers bullet is like a fuccin grenade,i read reviews saying game used to be blanced then got ♥♥♥♥ed, people get triggerd if u ask if the game is pay2win(which seems like it) to anyone who bought dlc its not pay to win. i dont have many hours but thats cause its unplayable for multiplayer. u could call me bad but u just cant beat any bought faction, only games ive won was agaisnt not pay2win factions like russia. pls fix game unbalnced."
,Recommended,231430,10630519,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Albert Heijn,"dis game is sick, u can control sum soldiers and they shoot each uver, its nazis vs rusians. their is als0 tanks and machin guns other things to."
,Recommended,231430,12106724,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Aglance,"Please look at how many hours I've played for this game and you will realize this game is not as bad as others have had said.Actually as a COH1 player I can find what improvements and bad ideas relic have added to it.Of course the advantage is clear.with commander system and bulletin system,you can wage your war in thousands of ways.What is more,every update could bring you something fresh to explore and try. You can also experience the WW2 with bunch of commanders all from the western and eastern battlefield.And bunch of bulletins to enhance the performance of your army to achieve the goals and war plans from your personal thoughts.Some people said they dont like the game because of the single player part.For the single player tells a dark story about the soviet union.They said relic made up a story which soviet union killed their own people and murder people from friendly factions to accomplish their ultimate goals.All I want to tell these people is""Why dont you read some real historys about WW2?""Single-player                    6/10Multi-player                      8/10Sound effect                     9/10graphic effect                   8/10score                                7.5/10Good!-----------------------------------------------------------------Don't know why those people arguing about the abusense of Chinese language give the negative review to this game.They are just some self-denfended-glass-hearted noobs LOL"
,Recommended,231430,12217939,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,adorsey47,Turned me into a fan of RTS.
76561198035916577,Recommended,231430,11581678,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,travis_perkins24,"i purchased coh2 under the assumption it would be better then coh, but to be honest its actually very similar in terms of gameplay, the main differences are the commanders (which is pretty cool, it adds to the depth of strategy by allowing you an expanded choice of reinforcements and ordance). other differences are the theatre of war, weather system (tanks falling through ice, and infantry freezing in icy maps) and caimpaign that follows real battles that were fought during ww2. all in all the game lives up to its expectations, i would recommend any fan of the franchise to purchase it. The expansion The Western Front Armies simply adds to the content of the game (maps, americans, another german faction and commanders) and i would also recommend it as these factions are very different then the originals"
76561197979395572,Recommended,231430,12517224,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Potato,SO EPIC
,Not Recommended,231430,14463146,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,あやや ♥ ~,Only one thing I can say: buy COH1 and don't waste money on this garbage!
,Recommended,231430,11604983,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,MaNaSe hellcase.com,COH series...definitely my favorite sin :)
76561198028084486,Recommended,231430,11615395,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,FOXS1,awsome game ya
76561198030530618,Recommended,231430,11616686,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,{FOX} Agamemnon,Fun game. Even funnier in game comments by troops and vehicles.
,Recommended,231430,9926386,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,PAEHARDLINE,Very Goof game!
,Recommended,231430,12607117,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,BROOKY,"i got hooked on the free weekend :)  an what can i say .... well done Sega  n relic   the detail was outstanding  when blowing up other tanks n troops  ,,, how ever im not total convinced about buying it for £29.99.....     when u having a SALE................   :)     an  sega,,,,,,you know what im about 2 say is ture hahahah  best game u every made was    ALEX THE KiD  lol   CHEERs  i could never get past the caves  LMAO"
76561197990200564,Recommended,231430,9108244,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Pontape [Svk],Awesome game like previous CoHs!
,Recommended,231430,13313037,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,FoxHound,"As a WWII real time streategy its probably one of the best, the online is another thing. There are some problems with the balance that makes it kinda frustrating for the allies."
,Recommended,231430,12141370,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,DasUberSoldat007,"Great game, was a huge fan of the first one and was so happy to see this released. It is faster gameplay than the original with less ability to play defensive. Graphics are amazing. Can't wait to see if there will be another now that Sega owns it."
,Recommended,231430,13194939,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Majed Al-Khouly,"One of  the best RTS available on the market today for PC.It is similar to the first Company of Heroes with just minor changes, like the commanders, which are interchangeable, and the improved sight or vision towards more realistic manner, also the improved physics for the dead bodies and vehicles and the improved graphics.If you are a World War 2 enthusiast like me, you will enjoy this game. It is one of the best in showcasing the war machinery that roamed europe during WWII. I especially adore the germans heavy tanks, and the game does a great job in doing that and more, since it has realistic shells firing, explosions, and the clanking of tank treads sounds and everything you can imagine.What I usually do is play a difficult game, then relax afterwards and watch the replay, then and there is when you will appreciate the game's looks and level of details, since during the game you will be so focused nothing will matter.Now, as a game, I have to say that I have been a big fan of the original CoH, and I have more than +500 hours off steam and 340 hours on it, so I was super excited about the new game. At launch, however, I was disappointed at the amount of changes the developers have made over the original game, but it grew up on me, especially for the fact that the developers have kept on improving it and patching any bugs and problems, and releasing many dlcs and commanders on the way.As for the DLCs subject however, I am against any person who claim that this is a pay-to-win game. Sure, when you buy a new commander you will get the advantage of the surprise, but later players will eventually recognize the weaknesses of said ability or special unit, therefore rendering it weak provided that a counter plan was applied.Seriously, I know a guy who can beat a Tiger Tank only using conscripts and their anti-armor grenades, or spear head through the enemy's base and pin him/them there while his team mates seize the reminder of the battle field. Simply put, if you gave up because a tiger tank showed up, you aren't trying hard enough.The game is well balanced so that you can win no matter what the opposition choose as their commander, as long as you use your brain, even if you don't choose any commander at all, you can still achieve glorious victory.The only problem I see of this game, in the end, is that the pace is much faster now compared to the original CoH. The game would last to more than 1 hour if the teams are well balanced. The original game was a multitasker's heaven, the better you are at shifting your focus to as many units at a given time as possible, the better player you will be. This one is the same, though you have to do it faster. Another problem (not necessarily the developers' fault) is that after every patch and update (which occur from weekly to twice a week) the replay files become obsolete, so I can't enjoy watching tremendous victories as I used to do in CoH.In short, this game is excellent. Definitely recommended, and I give it 9/10. Graphics and phyiscs wise, it is astounding, and if you are WWII fanatic, this game will keep you busy for sometime. DLCs are not a con of this game, it's just a way for developers to make money, and since they did a good job in this game, I support them."
,Recommended,231430,13248674,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Gunner,Do you like stugs? This game is the Stug life:Part 2. Now with 30% more Stug.
76561198071677204,Recommended,231430,13354786,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mr. Snoocums,"I don't know how anyone could not like this game it is so fun, the gamplay is amazing, the story is rich and golden, and the multipler is outstanding and you just have to love what the Russians say about everything it is so uplifting and they are so fearless, but in my opnion this game is great!"
76561198039308669,Recommended,231430,13310465,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Fantasy man,One of my fav. strategy games.Now when its patched and ''balanced'' its totaly worth it.+A lot of epic battles in mp.. when you get into the game and become ''better/pro'' player.9.5/10
76561198014354662,Not Recommended,231430,15501008,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Gucci,"Would recommend if they sold the complete game as one, whos idea was it to charge $3 per a vehicle camo slot  when there are six slots for every faction. AI still tries to engage in non-existant hand to hand combat"
,Not Recommended,231430,22860090,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,鬼戦車KV-1Cmdr GuardLoliko o7,Relic really should have named it something else other than COH.
,Not Recommended,231430,22838277,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Iwa.キタエリ,"I have read over the reviews posted by other gamers like myself and I have come to a conclusion after 50 hours of gameplay.Let's be honest here, the game is fun. Company of Heroes 2 became one of those games that really hooked me on when I first started playing it. But after playing the Russian and German factions for over 25 hours in total, I realized that the allies are always at a significant disadvantage when going up against the axis powers. The axis faction can shut down the allies easily 10 minutes into the game. I won't get into the specifics but for those who are new to the game like myself, they will understand the frustrations of playing against the Germans.I wanted to prove myself wrong by saying: ""No... there's no way that Germans can win easily 75% of the time. I must be new and that's why I still don't understand the game mechanics and how to properly use them."" But sadly... that's not the case. I tried playing as the Wehrmacht and the West Obercommando factions. And I have won 7/10 times as them while playing against lv80+ ranking players. Like I said, I am pretty new to this game and I have no prior knowledge of how this game functions and how it plays out. But even a newbie like myself, playing as a German faction and able to win against high level allied players with rare commanders selected...that tells me something is awfully not balanced between the Germans and the allies.One thing to note is, just as previously stated above, the matchmaking system is confusing to understand. How in the hell can a low level (like myself) get paired up against lv100s when it's very clear there's a skill difference between the two? There needs to be a change to the mm system because right now it is completly broken. It drives new players away. It's like putting Silver Elite Masters and Global Elites together in the same game (csgo terms). How is that fair?This game has the potential to turn it around and set on the right track IF the developers are noticing the problems. Because after reading other reviews, I can definitely say I am not alone on this matter.Rating: 5/10.Unless they start to turn it around and make it more balanced, I would not recommend this game to anyone. If you really want to buy it (with the current state that it is in), then at least wait for a sale. Because right now... not even rats would want to pay for the full price."
76561198048334742,Recommended,231430,12634853,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Postman,good stuff lot of action lot of tactics
76561197972241922,Recommended,231430,15026964,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Gire,Very nice audio/visuals and gameplay.
76561198079684784,Recommended,231430,12523066,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Kizuna Ai,Great Game I like RTS in WW2 theme.
76561198148817987,Recommended,231430,12518821,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Cepot_Skywalker,"game nya keren, sayang expansion pack nya nyicil dikit dikit ... jadi mahal dee"
,Not Recommended,231430,30758252,Posted: 26 March,all,StormHawk,"Unbalaced, allies sided game. Dont buy it."
,Recommended,231430,25126341,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Rhetorikolas,"One of the best strategy games of all time, including DLCs. Mods just take everything to a whole new level, it's easy to get trapped down the wormhole of its ensuing Chaos. Wondering if we'll see the Pacific Theater in a Company of Heroes 3?"
76561198066412176,Not Recommended,231430,10371140,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,超高校級の死神,"Less content, worst server, and a little bit of p2w, the game is a good game, Relic ruined it."
,Recommended,231430,14629544,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,pubgbros/ King,RECOMMEND! 10/11
,Recommended,231430,13408452,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,stranded,Comparing to the first part of the game this one is somewhat improved.. but in same parts it's just backwards. Just play online and see yourself. I didn't play the single player at all.
76561198049539281,Recommended,231430,13051285,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Bendy52,My Review about COH 2 :if you are new to the series this game will be though abit on you but great non the less i recommend goingto the Original COH before as it not that much of a deference.while if you are fan of the old COH and coming to the Eastern front then you might find it a bit lame and hard at firstfew hours but i think you will change your idea after a few days about it and start getting into the action.the game is identical to its old brother COH 1 Relic add somethings and improved on others and at this time of the review the game is balanced almost to the limits still it wont run at 60 FPS all time unless you have a beast of a machinethis game needs a very good CPU so excpect it to run at meduim with around 40 FPS for a good rig.there is 4 armies at the moment Soviet - USA - German and German OBK and 2 campaign for Soviet and USA but the last is 40 USD stand alone DLC -_- .the good :good gameplay and varity of armies and commanders and maps and 2 Campagin for USA and Soviet.the bad : still not that much optimized game till the moment but its not ground braking anywayand there is alot of DLC for a big amount of USD -_- which is odd abit.rating 7.5\10
76561198087337981,Not Recommended,231430,18124688,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,anemal606,"Well Relic has destroyed the multiplayer yet again.  After what seemed like forever they finally fixed the OKW being so OP, then introduced the British and destroyed what ever semblence of balence the game had.  one british AT gun vs. a King tiger head to head.....the gun wins every time.  5 german AT's vs. Churchill....churchill EVERY TIME!.  the expensive Geman units are not even on par with medium british units.  so the balence of play is so lopsided even the crappiest player can dominate with the brits. thats why matchmaking is literally 90+ percent british.  everyone wants to play the new invincible army.  I have played the brits myself but found them to be simple and OP.  So once again Relic charges you out the♥♥♥♥♥to ruin any progress they may have made, but it worked. they made a ton of money and skrewed the players in the process."
76561198031572060,Recommended,231430,10821062,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Womb Raider ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Been playing this for a while  now, and absolutely love it. Ignore the butt hurt Russian nationalist comments about the game being historically inaccurate and bad. It actually is accurate but they love to think the Soviets were saints during the war."
76561198183758639,Not Recommended,231430,31851195,Posted: 19 May,all,skillno1124,"Oh, Is this a COH2? Very disappointed... If COH1 was like a spectacle movie, COH2 is like a poor cartoon.COH2 disgraces and humilates ""COH1 the Legend""Where is the Lengend? Please take me back.1탄이짱이다. 꼭 사라. 두번 사라."
,Recommended,231430,20292519,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Kenneth,"Review 04-01-2016This is my most played game, and that has to show I really really like it. I first played the beta (A LOT) then bought it, played it from time to time. I own both multiplayer expansions, and I recommend those two too, really worth the money. The sad part is that Relic is just like EA and Ubisoft, milking the cash cow. They even separated the skins and commander DLC from Steam so that you can only buy them in-game, which means they are never on Steam Sales...So I recommend, buy the base game, if you want more, buy the MP expansions on a steam sale. BUT! Don't be surprised if Relic just randomly drops a huge patch changing the whole game and making this and that OP and something else useless. It has been like that ever since the first open beta, it has changed sooooo many times now. But I guess I have still enjoyed it enough to recommend it ^^Here are some quickbits for all you lazy asses:+ Graphics+ Gameplay, lots of variety, many maps and many units+ Modding, map-making etc- SEGA can go eat my s**t- DLC- More DLC- Even more DLC- Some more DLC just in case SEGA runs out of coffe-money"
,Recommended,231430,8009275,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Snake Foresk1n,"Company of Heroes 2 is a fantastic game.While it may have its shortcomings, especially when compared to its predecessor, it still retains the deep and rewarding combat that made Company of Heroes 1 such an amazing game.Company of Heroes 2 is a rare gem that stands out when compared to other RTS games. Your ability to interact with the environment and the way that small details have major impact on the way battles unfold, will make you appreciate the depth of the game. Its a game about your ability to make smart decisions, not a game about mindless APM. (I'm looking at you, Starcraft)Pick this one up, if you are a PC gamer, you won't want to miss this experience."
,Not Recommended,231430,29717025,Posted: 5 February,all,Batalation,"Do not buy this game, stick to playing the original CoH.CoH II is so poorly optimized that it will run choppy on most PCs, even if you have the recommended system requirements. (around 30fps on lowest settings) The game will lag in intense fights even on the best PCs. Moreover, it is buggy when you try to fix the graphics, specifically the resolution: my mouse was acting weird and the whole screen went black outside the game.Furthermore, you will have to buy EVERYTHING in this game! You only have 2 armies in the normal game, you will have to buy the rest as well as additional missions end generals: it makes no sense.CoH I is a more complete polished and optimized game that will deliver the same experience, even better. Uninstalled."
,Recommended,231430,8701776,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Hailfire,One of the best Strategic based games iv'e ever seen. best part is that the graphics are amazing and gives a 360 view 3denviorment that really gives view to player on the battlefields. GREAT 5 out of 5
,Recommended,231430,8730798,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Blue Flame,"I use to play CoH online before this one came out. As follows:PROS:Reworking of technology tree - new tanks, new buildings, new units. Very nice and historically accurate.Gameplay is intense and realistic, especially at higher graphics.Campagin is historical and very interesting to play - exploring the new units throughoutAwesome teamwork potential, but in my opinion is not utilised effectively with people you don't know through chatCONS:Graphics don't seem that much better - different, but not really that better than the originalThe whole 'falling through the ice river' doesn't seem to work well - at times very hard to sink other tanks, at times you can keep firing at the ice and nothing happens. That was a big hit in the trailer and yet not a big part in the game..Just seems like more could have been added... otherwise it does feel like an expansion (Much like BF4 does for BF3)Conclusion: I recommend it because it's cheap right now at $17 on Steam at a special. Buy it then. It is really cool, but to me it's an expansion, and doesnt seem like a 'whole new exciting game.' Some features are cool, but... yes, I get disinterested fast. Teamwork would be way better if you get all ya friends on and work together - but if you don't have friends that play this game like I do... eh. lol. But still a good great - AND a great game I believe for people who've never played the original. You'll probably chew this game up hard. :)"
,Recommended,231430,22805890,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,WERT,"yeah, nice game. I felt I was a commander in WWII. :D"
76561198065788809,Not Recommended,231430,22787774,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Gravity Banana,Great game... sort of.... I mean... you have to buy 3 DIFFERENT FACTIONS THAT SHOULD ALREADY BE IN THE GAME. Broke♥♥♥♥♥devs - _ -
76561198039410791,Not Recommended,231430,23025453,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Green,"Graphics are goodEngine is okaySetting is quite niceDon't wait for balance, play those ""compstomp maps"" thats more entertaining thantheir view on ""balance""Con'sPathfinding is quite ""experimental"" if you ask me if not ""suicide""First they had achievements that gave you bulletins (tiny buffs to specific units for you to use), meanwhile archievementsare worth and meaningless- they don't give you anything. The bulletins you get randomly (if at all) from playing the game atan rate that implies that they think you do play their game 24/7 for the next ten years.. i.e. don't waste your energy you won't get what you want but you can dump exorbitant ammounts of money into their DLC's.Fazit: Buy if its low price on sale if you like WW2  RTS and if you don't give a flying xxxx about balance and avoid DLC's ;) ... actually i should say ""avoid the whole thing till they get customerfriendly"" but...well the game is actually fun - if you got low expectations."
76561198070046795,Recommended,231430,23036100,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ZƎRO,"Travel back to the past,Think of your way to...Kill the nazis once again.Once you get to play the Soviet,You'll be an actual...Kalinka dancer.The only thing that disppoints me, is the DLC packs.rate this game 2245/3345"
76561197970413755,Not Recommended,231430,22596622,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Blake,"I prefer Company of Heroes 1, it had fun building mechanics, They basically stripped it down, removed alot, and gave us this peice of crap, that is clearly designed to milk as much cash from the consumer as possible.What I wanted from this franchise. Was a polished, several factions game, with base building, and more units and variation, better engine. Basically a solid upgrade from COH1.Instead, no, we have what feels like a half arsed tribute to the first, and not a very good one at that.Disapointment is an understatement."
,Not Recommended,231430,14445057,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,TheMadHat,"It is worse than Company of Heroes 1 in almost every single way. Playing this after loving CoH1 so much is like dragging nails on a chalkboard. I wish I had just burnt my money instead.-mechanics are toned down, simplified, and of a much smaller scale. They are also focused around pay2win dlc (for a game that's not free)-Graphics are mediocre at best for new strategy game-Finding a match can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥+campaign was alright, but far worse than CoH1All in all, dont waste your time and money, get the first one which has much much better multiplayer and is still active. A ♥♥♥♥ing tagedy is what this game is."
76561198022117284,Not Recommended,231430,24086866,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Alhas,-Imbalanced game
76561198143505262,Not Recommended,231430,24219237,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Maher,CoH 1 better then this.
,Recommended,231430,10805228,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,DirtyReaper,Beautiful game love it
76561198018808765,Recommended,231430,11308002,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,xCptCaveman,WW2 RTS WHAT MORE COULD U WANT !!!!!!!!
76561198111158797,Recommended,231430,11053682,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,LoseAlotLuke,Great Game ! i Found some of the cutscenes really sad though...
,Not Recommended,231430,19548608,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,CMDR Blasphemous One,"I don't need to comment on its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC loot, No  drops and lack of game depth.  but AI is so dumb (zerg king)  if you play match that exceeds 1:30hrs AI will stop producting tanks and other heavy units lol, all that money milking for nothing ? fix your game and hire better scripters."
76561197998249029,Not Recommended,231430,20428541,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,tyman.78-ua,So many rng squad/vehicle wipes.Might as well make it a board game.
76561198045912942,Not Recommended,231430,17991856,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,TheM4rble,"The base game is actually really good. nice design, the AI pathfinding isn't TOO bad and it runs like a dream. The buisness model is a moneymilking one, but I dont care about that since it works for them and thats good i guess..The thing that makes me not recommend this game is the HORRIBLE balancing. They nerf one nation and buffs the other then they do the same thing again just that they nerf the ones that they buff and buff the ones that they nerf. When they add new nations, they just plow through everything. It seems like the developers never test out anything before they release it and then they use 4 month to just nerf the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of anything that is OP instead of giving it minor nerfs and balance it. I like to play as the germans because at the time of this review they are the underdogs (this may change) and it is almoast impossible to win against the allies if the other players have a hint of common sense. When my friends and I get too tierd of losing, we just switch to the allies and curbstomps the axis. so dont get this game if you easily get annoyed over things that isn't balanced."
76561197991736942,Not Recommended,231430,18154686,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Victory Toker..,"Poor ly balance and the computer actually cheats... i have had all fuel supply depots against the german army ( they have no fuel availablle ) and have met armoured resistance... this is not possiblle given the rule of the game ( fom me at least ) I have also seen a engineer crew armed with a flamethrower overtake my machiene gun emplacements and win ... brutal. I really tried hard to like this game, but alas. I do not.  If you can get is on sale,,, okay, but this dlc machiene is rediculous and a failure in RTS in every way, thought he gae does have some interesting ideas they are poorly implimented due to bad balancing issues."
76561198250512062,Not Recommended,231430,18162927,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,ike_latham,Bought the game but not letting me play campain on steam. Dont know why so confusing. When I go to in game store for russian campaign shows I already own. Have validated and revalidated.
,Not Recommended,231430,19044375,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Cid,"It was a really good game for this sequel initially when the introduction of western factions made it more buggy. Bugs and glitches should be fixed immediately, but they would do so as weekly or monthly patch.Server connection issues have not solved yet, even with your good connection.I hope the Relic Entertainment would restructure."
,Not Recommended,231430,19403183,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,MrJingles[NZ],"I just didnt realise I was purchasing a demo for $50 worth of game.COH2 is fantastic. Microtransactions are not. I am def boycotting buying anything 'extra'. Its on sale at the moment so maybe for $10 - wouldnt pay anymore. Also, enjoy the advertisments for the 'DLC' - no way im playing multiplayer with pay-to-win. Another reviewer put it perfectly 'great game made by terrible people.'"
,Recommended,231430,12169037,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,SimpkinSlice,If you loved COH 1 be prepared for some similarities and some major differences at the same time.The sounds feel less meaty and while the dialogue is fleshed out it lost its un-PCness along the wayIt keeps the title alive and if you want to try out the features buy the western front armies as an introduction - treat it like a $10/$20 demo.All in all a decent enough game - although I feel it has strayed a bit far from what was an even more amazing game.
76561197983591196,Recommended,231430,13302138,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,SturmTigerElRammstein88,The one and only Company of heroes! dont settle for less.
,Recommended,231430,8920159,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,N1ghtcrys,"If you need a Good Break from The Crappier RTS out there, that don't got the same old Intensity of a great Fire Fight! Then this game is a no-brainer for RTS fans. Aside from the Ingame Lag in MP (althrough that will be sorted in the next 8-17 weeks Hopefully. 4.5/5 in my opinion. Dosn't Beat the First One, but its still a very good RTS, once it actually works, and you don't have random players on your team that SUCK!"
76561198048347128,Recommended,231430,13156759,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Neverdie,I heard Joseph Stalin wrote and directed this film. He really knew what he was talking about.
76561198120985640,Recommended,231430,9466850,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Havoc,Great Infantry cover and pinning mechanics.
,Not Recommended,231430,12124611,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Panther,"Save your money and just buy the original, they can't balance this♥♥♥♥♥♥to save their lives."
,Recommended,231430,13565759,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,★A.D.C.A★ SirWilliams,"If you love strategy games and are interested in WWII this is the game you are looking for. As a player you will be able to choose your favorite faction to play with, favorite infantry and even vehicles; with this you will develop your own strategy to win battles. If you don't know which Company of Heroes 2 game you should buy first (since there are three stand-alone games now), it is definitely this one. The campaign is fun to play, and certainly a good way to learn the basics of the game. Then there is the online modus, which for me is the most interesting part of the game. Here you will fight epic battles against other players. It probably will be hard if you aren't familiar with other online rts games and because playing online is faster paced than the campaign is. As a beginning player you have a high chance to get beaten often, but if you continue playing you will get better and will play better and way more fun games. So beginning players don't give up!! When you are finished with the standard game you are able to make the game more interesting with the expansion packs. If you like the online gameplay I would recommend buying the Western Front Armies and if you like the campaign I would recommend Ardennes Assault (although I haven't played it yet). I hope this review helped you and I hope to see you in the game!"
,Not Recommended,231430,19703219,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,JimbonX,It's worst then first and suffer of a lot of crappy DLCs.
,Recommended,231430,13082182,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,AnarchED,It takes after the origional Company of Heroes quite well and focus's on a whole new side of the war. It has an interesting story and a lot of extra online skrimish options. Good for Hours of game play.
76561197993592696,Recommended,231430,9103645,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Ghost,good game
,Not Recommended,231430,9923213,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,CyberPrime,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Actually no, I take that back.♥♥♥♥♥♥actually has more value as fertilizer for plants. This has no value. Get the eastern front mod instead. It's not packed with jew DLC. I rarely pay for DLC. You shouldn't give these big nosed jew♥♥♥♥♥♥♥one cent for their broken game or overpriced DLC."
,Not Recommended,231430,14284508,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,texxsmith,"I donj't think it's as bad as everyone else says.  I have the first COH and this one, I play this one all the time now.Everyone is right though, the DLC are ridiculously priced and the game is about half as good without them."
76561198027126854,Not Recommended,231430,29604696,Posted: 31 January,all,Captain.Hat,"So me and my bud were playing 2vs2 (vp) and we were winning, and then out of the blue a player disconnected and we instanly lost. We were like what the ♥♥♥♥?! We had 80% of the map and we had alot more victory points then the enemy. This has happend more then 2 times now, real bs. My friend uninstalled the game and i will also do that.Oh and also, the game has alot of flaws, the germans always have anti-everything ""things"".10/10 would play again"
,Not Recommended,231430,18132464,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Gods Older Brother,"fun but ♥♥♥♥ing money hungry as ♥♥♥♥, the only real issue is the fact u basically cant even play with bots on ur team because they do nothing but enemy bot actually do attack so it always ends up u having to do everything and not having enough troops also that fact that the enemy can rebuild their base after u destroyed it is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ maybe if their teammates could repair the base then it would makesense"
,Not Recommended,231430,10295360,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,«*» ']['øfféL,"i reached max level 100 after 275 battles. coh2 is fun BUT its not more fun as the first part was. the first part has more to offer. if u want all the good stuff then you should stick with coh1 (i.e. two more factions, the uber jagdpanzer from PE, the king tiger from GE, the calliope (US), far more play modes (check tales of valor) oh and the great community mods like Blitzkrieg or Eastern Front).so to me coh2 is good but just a 1:1 copy from coh1. even the graphic is almost the same. u get less content and i dont start to talk about the rubbish DLC commander to throw  your money out the window.i dont like the tanks with the player's color on it. they look so rubbish with that color.after all: RELIC you can do better. COH 1 was your masterpiece. now you just become a ""copy and paste"" company to generate some money."
,Recommended,231430,13772824,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,jarjacksn,"Good and bad vs Company of Heroes 1:+ Faster and more fluid cover mechanics.+ Faster paced gameplay+ More realistic and better historical accuracy.+ Decent squad merging system.+ Overall much better graphics.+ Well implimented cold system and winter, as well as ice.+ Excellent animations for combat and vehciles and everything else.+ The new fog of war and sight system works good.- Awful doctrine system that forces you to give up a lot of stuff based on which doctrine you chose, instead of a doctrine fledging out a combat style.- Very, very limited unit veriety.- Interface is ""gritty and realistic"" looking, not in the good way. It should be simple like COH 1.- Even when made from base structures, most units come in from off the map. It's not that big of an issue, it's just weird IMO.Overall, pretty good game and very fun despite its flaws."
,Recommended,231430,8902476,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Dapper Prinny,"Company of Heroes 2 may not be the best sequel to Company of Heroes. I'm not here to say that it is. What I am here to say, is that the main campaign is well told, providing challenging missions, and interesting point of view of Russia during WWII. Sure the game doesn't improve that much on the mechanics of Company of Heroes, but it does provide for some good missions. The story is told in an interesting fashion, as a series of flashbacks told from the point of view of an ex Soviet Commander.The graphics are good, not a machine killer by any means. And sure the game isn't the best, but at least it isn't Battlefield 4 bad."
,Not Recommended,231430,20668719,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,★★★ ZIOM5000 ☭²,"Look at all these DLC nations and missions that could have (and in most cases should have) just been a part of the main game.Oh, SEGA... you love to ruin good franchises with your greed, don't you?"
76561198063590352,Not Recommended,231430,22860438,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,KONAMI,"WE NEED A REAL WEHRMACT AND OKWthe balance of this game is really terrible, the elite of the german are just a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥when fighting with alied troops. the armors are expencive and the performance are really terrible. the king tiger and tiger can easy to be destroyed. the  fire rate of panther is too low comparied with alied tanks. I like the okw, but this is not the okw I want, relic is insulting real okw. how can the wehrmact push forword to the moscow if they are as weak as in the game. this is not real. I can not figure out the europeans fake the history. as I know the Japanese faked a lot of history of ww2. maybe this game has something to do with sega, so they fake the story. In one word, this game has been destroyed. we need a real wehrmact and OKW"
76561197976042758,Not Recommended,231430,19591857,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Tombstone,"I so desperately wanted this game to be good.  The first Company of Heros was fantanstic, and I still play it today. Unfortunately, I can't recommend it. The game is well written and has plenty of polish and depth, but it just focuses too much on individual squad tactics, and the balance is all off. I've seen just one squad of germans with an armoured car take out an AT emplacement, 2 riflemen squads, a heavy machine gun crew, and a mortar team.  All were placed behind heavy cover.  If the Germans were really that much more advanced and capable, I would be writing this review in German instead of English.  It also has this lovely habit of suddenly denying you any reinforcements with no warning, just as the Germans counter attack with overwhelming numbers. I expected to play an RTS, and ended up playing a 3rd person squad shooter, micro managing every target and grenade."
,Not Recommended,231430,26642182,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,twitch.tv/frozenflame1986,"That is 100 dollars of content that should be in the game already, wow. How greedy."
76561198019907113,Recommended,231430,11375712,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,avnas,"COH2 is like what would happen if you told somebody from mars about WW2 through an interplanetary game of chinese whispers where the chinese are DLC and relic is on mars. not only that, but it is a tale told by an insane blind man who lives in a hole.it's like what would happen if you took COH and put it onto a rubiks cube, mixed it up a little, then stuck russia on the side.it's like paying $50 or however much to wait in a queue to throw 1000 romanians blindly into your enemy   with no thought about tactics, just more ♥♥♥♥ing osttruppen until you're at popcap on your terrible infantry and you can just walk into your enemy's army with 30 squads and kill everything they have because you can't possibly loose all those osttruppen because they reinforce so fast.it's about as competitive as my left big toe's toenail because of how one-sided the income system is. whoever has the fuel points and some OPs wins."
,Recommended,231430,11841171,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Macho,Simplified review of the gameRussians : DIe Nazis ! Die !Nazis : Die Russians ! Die !
76561197999527302,Recommended,231430,12230270,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,D3V17F18H,"highly competitive strategy game! hoping for more new units, vehicles and skills.  fantastic game."
76561198023512780,Recommended,231430,13058575,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Adadan,Best War RTS on the market !
76561198065379245,Recommended,231430,10884780,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DaNookie,"Solid game.  Good multiplayer community.  Challenging online play.  Basically sucked up a lot of hours of my life.  Multiplayer seems imbalanced at times but its not.  You need to anticipate your enemies and build units accordingly.  Lots of DLC, not required to win but someone who really enjoys this game may find a commander who fits your playstyle very well giving you sort of an edge.  This game is not a typical RTS as far as base building but the strategy and tactics can be very deep.  I would recommend this game if your into RTS or Strategy type games, especially if its on sale.  I couldnt stop playing for a very long time!"
76561198027501024,Recommended,231430,12210345,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,ShadowKz3,"this is a really good game, anyone that likes WW2 RTS games, then this one's for you!!!"
76561198086127779,Recommended,231430,11701603,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Russki,This game is one of the best i've played from the strategic genre. I love it and i highly recommend it. PLEASE PEOPLE TRY THIS ONE YOU WILL SEE ITS NOT BAD THAN THE OTHER STRATEGIC GAMES LIKE MEN OF WAR.
76561197993145729,Recommended,231430,13351891,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Fallout142,"Amazing detail,different control interface ove the first that takes a couple minutes to figure out.love this game"
76561198100586147,Recommended,231430,12610551,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,☩ General Toast ☩,its an awesome game buy it and be a pro its very cool !
,Recommended,231430,12765519,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,kill-o-pino,great
,Recommended,231430,12572671,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Davien,"get Company of Heroes Franchise Edition.It has CoH1 + 2 + most of the DLCs.However I would like to emphasize.. like most players.. that CoH1 is a much better game due to its story+campaign + the way the game is played.I enjoyed CoH1 (Steam edition) more than CoH2. Yet doesn't mean CoH2 sucks.. it's also a solid game. So get the Franchise edition if you're into strategy games, you will not regret it !!! (try getting it during sales as it is way cheaper like 1/3 of the normal price for Franchise edition)."
,Recommended,231430,12113843,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,crashbot,"Overall I enjoyed this game. The 14 mission single player was exciting and immersive. The Theater of War misions add significant replay value and are both challenging and rewarding to play.The AI could use some tweaking and the campaign missions would be improved by making them feel as if completing them actually matters to the overall story arc.With a few minor exceptions, the game is every bit as enjoyable as the first CoH."
,Recommended,231430,10699820,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Luftwaffe Dog,"best to be played with friends.... a fair bit of desync very now and then, but overall a great game"
,Not Recommended,231430,19979604,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,[bf4] battelfieldplayer98,bazinga
76561198267438806,Not Recommended,231430,19648625,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,julius.dz,"I cant play it....... Omg, it looks like cheating... I hope its not true and I missed something, but for know - I bought a gamae and cant play it... Missions are locked, unleast I buy them........ I will ask to refund if my bought COH2 US forces is a useless thing"
,Not Recommended,231430,30093482,Posted: 21 February,all,Nelict,I'm not recommending it because i don't want my friends to have as much fun as i do while playing this game. #420Blazeit
,Not Recommended,231430,20129200,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Pathfinder Serza,No. Don't bother. Buy the original Company of Heroes.
,Recommended,231430,13943727,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,DaBushWookie,another great relic game
76561197973954190,Not Recommended,231430,23875738,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,the artful Dodger,"This isn't a bad game by any means, but it's not very good either, especially as compared to Men of War 2: Assault Squad 2.  It's not that any one element of the game in particular is lacking, it's that there are a hundred little things that MoW: AS 2 does much better.- The latter runs much better/more smoothly, even on my low-level laptop, whereas CoH 2 runs fine, but it doesn't seem ""smooth"" or crisp somehow.  That might also have to do with the difference in graphical styles between the two games, too.  MoW AS 2 has a tighter, somehow sharper graphical style, whereas CoH 2 has sort of a bumpy texture set.- Unit designs look generic in CoH 2.- Units firing at each other oftentimes run right up to each other; cover or lack thereof and distance to enemy don't seem to be overly important factors for how quickly units get killed.  Doing the same will get your units completely mowed down in MoW AS 2.  Sandbags and defensive emplacements do seem more extensive and easier to place in CoH 2.  Fire from a flamethrower unit doesn't lay waste to enemies at close range, at least not very realistically.  In MoW AS 2, you see animations of soldiers aflame and running around for a bit until they finally collapse as charred corpses.- The unit cap in CoH 2 is dumb and not really necessary; while there might be a limit in MoW AS 2, I've never reached it, and there isn't a formal unit cap visible.- The Havok engine has somehow been downplayed, so that not only MoW AS 2, but also the original CoH and its first expansion, Opposing Fronts, are games that feature more interactive, deformable terrain, i.e., they're better games in that respect.- Veterancy exists in both CoH 2 and MoW AS 2, but it functions a little more straightforwardly in the latter, and units that aren't yet veteran units aren't completely slow and bumbling in MoW AS 2 (which they are in CoH 2).- There is more of a variety of maps and skirmish customizability in CoH 2, and the levelling system and goodies/skills you unlock seem a little more extensive in CoH 2, as well.- Ammunition counters, inventories, personal soldier stats and names, the ability to swap out weapons and scavenge ammunition and grenades, items, etc. from fallen enemy soldiers is completely absent in CoH 2.  MoW AS 2 plays like a light RPG in that sense, whereas CoH 2 has none of those features.- There is a carry-over in experience points in both games, but I did prefer how CoH 2 handles that: you accumulate so many points for a match, plus potential bonus points, and that goes towards level increases and all kinds of skins, goodies, and other unlocks.  It's right on the line between cluttered and cool, but I still think that's a point in CoH 2's favor.  By way of contrast, there is a levelling-up that occurs after battles in MoW AS 2, but it doesn't do anything.  It also gives you fewer statistics in the after-battle summary than CoH 2 does, which I think is another point in CoH 2's favor.- Soldiers seem to move sluggishly in CoH 2...this could actually be an element of realism (since soldiers are freezing to death in the Russian winter!), but I sensed it was more of an unconscious design choice.  In MoW AS 2, each soldier has a stamina bar that recharges pretty quickly, but which is depleted by sprinting vs. the normal quick jog that units default to.  Certain units even have more stamina than others (e.g., elite infantry units as opposed to tank crews).  Health is managed by unit medics and how many med kits the squad has stockpiled [in MoW AS 2].- Ballistics is more nebulous and sloppier in CoH 2, and doesn't seem to matter as much to actual damage values compared with MoW AS 2.  As others have already noted, components in tanks and light vehicles can be knocked out in MoW AS 2, and it won't necessarily stop the unit from functioning, although it will decrease its utility and efficiency; that's not the case in CoH 2.- Sound effects and design is one area in which I didn't notice a significant difference in quality, although I did notice the basic design differences - machine gun chatter for a Russian tank-mounted Degyetarev sounds different in CoH 2, though not necessarily worse.- Somewhat tied in with the ballistics issue, shots from tanks and AT guns seem more ""solid"" somehow in MoW: AS 2: you often will see shells bounce off of tanks' hulls if they were poorly aimed or didn't penetrate, and every shot carries this sense of weight with it, lent to it by elements like crisp sound design, tight recoil animations, spectacular pyrotechnics if the shot really connects and the enemy vehicle cooks off.- There were a few elements that seemed potentially interesting in CoH 2, but which I didn't really play around with, like damage to units from the cold (frostbite).  Also, the long-standing doctrine system is still present in CoH 2, but I also didn't play around with it much or care to, honestly.Overally, MoW AS 2 is just a better game in most respects.  It runs more efficiently, even on low-end systems, it has nice graphics for all of that, and it has a much more in-depth and tighter design.  It's not the CoH 2 is bad, but that MoW AS 2 is more realistic and much better.  Having said all of that, there are a few things (which I've mentioned) that I'd like to have seen borrowed from CoH 2, since they would make MoW AS 2 an even better game."
76561197986602851,Not Recommended,231430,29380054,Posted: 20 January,all,Royal Commando B( . )( . )BS,"Hey. Stupid developers! Where is a balance???? For example, I play for Brits and I can't use my special abilites as HEAVY AIR STRIKE in enemy base area. BUT Axis can use their and kill ALL my troops in one shot. FU and your game, I am glad that I didn't spend so much money in this game and bought it in sale. SO THAT IS FAIR????????? FаCK!+ only 100 units per player. No matter how many sectors you are control.+AltTab not friendly+You can't write everything you want becouse focking word filter. You still can pass it. But...whatever.+ You will don't get supplies if ""game didn't pass check"". Some thing like that I have a russian copy of this game.+ You can't block enemy tank by your tank from the back. Enemy tank can ride through your tank. So ♥♥♥♥ing realistic....So BLOW ME RELIC!!!!! Don't crerate games anymore.P.S who that fock is RitaRush??? She is it?http://photos.freeones.com/v_various/Reality_Kings/Rita_Rush_001/"
76561198033978802,Not Recommended,231430,10138513,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Phantus,"Not as good as the first that is 8 years old.  Terribly unbalanced, wayyyyy to expensive and riddled with DLC."
76561197996504070,Recommended,231430,9921091,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Magister aka Diago Lupinez,"Very enjoyable, even better than the first game"
,Recommended,231430,12524689,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Sultan,"An awesome RTS game does not simulate a war, that happens around you. This game, creates the war you are fighting in. The graphics that go with the amazing gameplay and the epic soundtrack, really bring out the best of the game. You do not have to be a strategy mastermind to enjoy the massive battles that rage in this game. For me, I give this game a solid 8/10"
76561198060998720,Recommended,231430,11888293,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,sheepeh,best gaem.
76561198103377996,Recommended,231430,17272803,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Shuteye,COH is an excellent game that has been improved upon greatly since its realease.
76561198003066842,Not Recommended,231430,24034027,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SuperSpesh,"Performance sucks and I hate the UI.a great game is suffocated by these problems .older coh game plays better and looks better, avoidI think its only worth only 3$ which is what I payed. because its a fresh take on coh formula,"
76561198061962974,Recommended,231430,25210347,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Mortiferus,"I have had a lot of fun with this game, is it the best? No, but is it horrible? Definitely not, I really love playing it! and I am always looking for people to play with!"
,Not Recommended,231430,17224793,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,itscoopeinnit,"being british id naturally like to play as the british forces but i cant without paying, so yup, that was a massive waste of £29.99. one of the biggest conns on steam! its official."
,Recommended,231430,11151839,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,=N4L=IIThunderboltII,I recommend this game because it's just freaking awesome to play.The explotions looks so cool and the warfare is insane!I love this game and you should play it!
76561198007243952,Not Recommended,231430,22589004,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Alienx,The first one was 200% better .... Save your money! Buy the original!
,Recommended,231430,13103826,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Will,"I'm an avowed COH1 single player fanatic. COH2 opens with very intense ""rain of fire"" type missions that I don't really like, but man once I got past the first three missions, my old beloved game was back to the forefront.The weather effects I thought were gimmicks at first but they really do add to the gameplay and are not hard to incorporate into your play style.But let's face it, the story of the Russian experience of WWII is f'ing grim, and this game makes no effort to shield the player from it. I give Relic credit for this, but I found the end of mission six so depressing I had to switch out to Costume Quest for a breather.If you like RTS games, at $10 you're a fool to pass this up (note this was posted during the Steam Fall Sale of '14)."
76561198150445392,Recommended,231430,13926066,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,SnAkEyEs,"German Stuka aircraft droped 50kg bomb directly on a medium russian tank. Smoke appeared on a targeted area. Several seconds later: It lost only half of its' max health. How dafuq did it survive when the roof of every tank is its weakest point ?!Besides that, gameplay of a game is absolutely brilliant. Campaign missions are moderate. Graphic are not the best.-Outstanding tank, infantry battles and artillery support. 9/10 Definetely worth a shot!"
76561198061540815,Recommended,231430,9117825,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,TheJimmyTron420,"A really awesome strategy game, great SP and even better MP"
,Recommended,231430,8734446,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,bryce krispie,"It was fun the first months, but the ladder system and other implements came far too late for me to be interested in it anymore.  Solid 8/10, though.  great multiplayer."
76561197983719424,Recommended,231430,9005758,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Whiskas,"Amazing. Amazing. Amazing.There's a bunch of reviews out there with people ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the DLC content being ""pay to win"" but those people are just butt-hurt  noobs.While I personally don't like the DLC aspects associated with so many games today, one cannot argue that it doesn't make business sense. Anyway, CoH 2 does have a bunch of DLC, though I have not bought any and I still greatly enjoy the game and do not believe the DLC commanders are superior to the ones that come with the original game."
,Recommended,231430,18253142,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,[Rövsmör] RipZblade,"The Best game ever, its no other way of putting it"
,Recommended,231430,9299764,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,BaconsaurusRex,"I really loved this game. It does only have two playable factions, but it makes up for the lack of variety with the use of different commanders. Overall my favorite thing about this game are the sounds. When an intense battle kicks off the music changes perfectly to pump you up and the sounds of the soldiers and the weapons are very well done."
76561198095588824,Recommended,231430,9005114,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,ByronicWizard,"For me COH2 was pretty much what i wanted, the setting is great, the enviroments and their weather just a good and generally it all felt quite fresh, now obviously i was quite annoyed at the DLC commanders of which is totally new to the series and it felt like just another way to get more money from someone who's payed 39.99 for this game but in my case i payed just  £10 from Game, the guys gave me a quid off and i thought it just must be my lucky day what with it being pretty pricey and whatnot.ANYWAY.Unit control sadly is still quite a mess at times, the tanks are just a bit shy of autistic at best and the retreat is about as slow as a fat kid eating salad but i digress for me this was quite a good game, i play it daily since i got it and so far have not been discouraged by anything other than me being a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor armchair general, get a friend to play with and have fun!"
,Recommended,231430,29909236,Posted: 13 February,all,@#%*,10/10
,Recommended,231430,31426226,Posted: 28 April,all,Vandal_1stCav,"The only RTS that came close to the greatness that Warcraft 3 was in multiplayer. Intense action all the time, fun unit micro, nice game mechanics like cover, or vehicle play, interesting and memorable maps. Had some bumps when it launched, but Relic stuck to it over the years making it better."
,Not Recommended,231430,32777364,Posted: 25 June,all,Little Arvin,"It's a Rock,paper,scissors type of game. If you like ""arcady"" tactics & gameplay.This one is for you.Spoiler:it's not for me"
,Recommended,231430,32892130,Posted: 27 June,all,General Failor,11/10
,Recommended,231430,12523762,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,ScottyB,I think my 636 hours at the time of this review should say enough to the replay-ability of this game. There are so many different tactics and units within the 3 countries to choose from and fight with. The game itself comes with amazingly detailed maps already then you have the steam community adding in through the workshop. Definitely an amazing game and would recommend to anyone.
,Recommended,231430,14461452,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,ТИПА ГРИБОК,Company of Heroes 2 :Gameplay - 99/10Graphon - 10/10Atmospheric - 99/10Dynamic - 10/10DLC - 8/10TOTAL - 1488/10
76561198024274966,Not Recommended,231430,28769740,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Hi5Ghost,I played this Game  1000h and I must say the Balance since the latest Update is so♥♥♥♥♥♥if you play allies . More words are wasted...
76561197996303576,Not Recommended,231430,12833293,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,DMJBeerens,Game is full of annoying updates. About 30 updates for one game is really too much! But the worst part is... the game crashes every time I play it!
,Not Recommended,231430,12921590,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Shit the bed,"From raging, history ignorant Russian people bombing the game on metacritic with incoherant lunacy, high critic reviews while the community hated it, only for them to start loving it over night despite the game being a bloated and casual example of a poor sequel and COH/DOW love child full of bad DLC; bare witness to the most bizzare lifecycle of a title in gaming history.Whoever responsible for pushing out this mound of excrement should be trialed in the court of the United Nations for crimes against humanity. The fact this game has the name Company of Heroes just makes me ill, the only thing that rivals this insult was the time EA made a mobile sequel of Dungeon Keeper.If you really enjoyed CoH 1, you're going to be wishing for death after forking out and playing this giant microtransaction filled RTS for the mentally handicapped and if you don't believe me, click the community hub button."
76561198046250428,Recommended,231430,34583405,Posted: 29 August,all,shoten,"A fantastic game.- Excellent graphics.- Very realistic units. So satisfying when you recognise them in movies!- Great campaign.Just very very good allround, as an RTS. It really feels like watching a warzone every battle. Here's a review for the British Forces DLC because I can't post it over there:I can recommend this expansion, as indeed I can with every one of CoH2. If you like CoH2, you shouldn't miss out on the British forces. The drawback with these, is that there's no singleplayer campaign and so you do need to play multiplayer. However I find it fine just playing against the CPU in that regard, instead of real players. You can also create custom matches of course, if you just want to be alone against a CPU opponent, rather than being bothered by other players on your team.The units are very useful in terms of defence, which is how I play. Early on for example, you have access to an MG unit immediately, which is super useful for locking down areas, since enemy infantry then can't advance, but will get pinned down. There aren't a lot of British commanders as of writing sadly (August 2017). So in addition to the 3-4 Commanders you start with, there's an additional 3 you can earn or buy. These 3 are super useful, but that also means in my view, that the default ones are pretty garbage. The marketing text says there's different nationalities represented in the units and that may be so, but I certainly haven't noticed it, because it's not that distinct. Still, it's nice to hear British voices. British tanks are alright, although in my experience other tanks from other factions are all vastly better. The most interesting British ones can only be unlocked by using a Commander; such as the Crocodile or AVRE Churchil tanks. It's also a pretty annoying thing, that British units can't build tank traps or such like. However British infantry units are quite strong when in cover and when using Royal Engineers to build a Forward Base, you can heal your units and really dig in. If you add some Bofors emplacements(basically an Anti-Air gun which can destroy most units) and some AT guns, then you can really turtle like a boss. Likewise, British Royal Engineers can build static mortar placements. These have a pretty huge range and fire pretty quickly. However in general, artillery isn't the British strong suit, as a great artillery unit is generally lacking. British units instead make their base fire artillery and this means that an infantry unit for example, can be upgraded so that while fighting, you can call in artillery fire. This is in addition to any grenades or such that they have. I don't think it's so accurate though, until you buy an expensive defensive upgrade later on."
76561198058770970,Recommended,231430,9074922,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,[1st Mn] Rommel,You ever want to see the rise and horror that the Communists did to the world good or bad or the way the germans tried there last defence this game is perfect great game 9/10 pop cap is annoying.
76561198095940008,Recommended,231430,29977095,Posted: 16 February,all,Zhuliang,需要中文we need chinese
,Recommended,231430,13912417,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,JediMaster,Best RTS Game since the original COH !
76561198044987695,Recommended,231430,14684418,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Hussite,"Company of heroes 2 is great fun, mainly the multiplayer but the theater of war is fun too"
76561198095469051,Recommended,231430,14808243,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,ALHaniah,Amazing Video game!I Recommend it ...
76561198011307447,Recommended,231430,14686899,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Jaqual,Simply Brilliant.
76561198000524613,Recommended,231430,11827923,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Kaka Carrot Cake,"This game is a success when it comes to satisfying WW2 junkies like myself. As a player I get to explore different strategies and tactics while feeling the immersive WW2 combat in real time. Being an RTS you would expect certain things to be unbalanced. However, the developers continue to balance the game and improve aspects that may downgrade your experience. Along other RTS games, I feel this is a must have for lovers of the WW2 genre along with it's predecessors."
,Recommended,231430,11813396,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Choots ツ,This game is pretty ♥♥♥♥in badass.
76561198043168641,Not Recommended,231430,22999088,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Uncle Sam,"I bought this game before release and I played the game a lot.BUT, Relic KILLED THE GAME! It isn't interesting anymore. I loved it endeed, but now, it's unplayable piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ RELIC, RETURN ALL BACK!!!!!"
,Recommended,231430,16865271,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,.phase,"Went AFK on the first Stalingrad mission for an hour, and forgot to pause the game. Sent millions of Russians to their deaths. 10/10CoH brings back the nostalgia of old RTS games, so if you were a fan favorite of Age of Empires, etc. Get this game now!Cons:You have to pay for the F**king DLCs."
76561197999443392,Recommended,231430,12332546,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,ThanklessMoss,"Although i've played this game quite a bit and enjoyed it from time to time, it doesn't compare particularly well to the first. It doesn't run well even though it's hard to see the difference compared to the first. Gameplay feels a bit sluggish and unbalanced even though it's much better since release.The most anoying thing is the commanders/skins DLC which is simply a cash grab and should not be in a game for which one has payed full price.All in all it's still a great game but would recommend the first one over this. 7/10"
,Not Recommended,231430,13033479,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Nasa,"relic are now nazis who must follow every one of gobbles last words and throw♥♥♥♥♥♥at the red army but the nazis were ok and are dipicted as so. then they have the ♥♥♥♥ing cheak to call it historical?. relic stick to ♥♥♥♥ing 40K games, its ok to be rasist in them."
76561198302614978,Not Recommended,231430,28851917,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,WeirdoCommando,"Story line is ok. Ai vs player broken as ♥♥♥♥, so broken that all the feature that apply to you dont apply to them. Its like they know your every move espally wech. THIS GAME IS NOT ♥♥♥♥ING BALANCE!  Have fun getting shot to hell with spam waves of tanks."
76561197981005966,Recommended,231430,29952502,Posted: 15 February,all,delta07d,Its Cool
76561197999548800,Not Recommended,231430,12588618,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,doerk73,Confusing! Much worse than the first part.
,Recommended,231430,12592310,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Bigman0192,YES BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198039021808,Not Recommended,231430,12591260,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,davidsmol,How funny it says: Company of Heroes 2 is already in your Steam library but I can only play online everything else has 'purchase' button on it. If I try to click it it says: Company of Heroes 2 is already in your Steam library!!
,Not Recommended,231430,20989104,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,God Emperor Trump,"It's a fun game, when it decides to work correctly. Other than that, it's a buggy mess. Worst aspects of DOWII in  pro-Allies propoganda form. Give it a German campaign, and then it might be worth suffering through all the bugs and lazy coding.Until then, do not buy."
,Not Recommended,231430,21397174,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,crash,"This game is awful. Very Arcade, push / pull strategy. seriously this is Dawn of War with a skin.I honestly cannot think of a single good thing about this game except maybe it reinforces just how good Men of War is.seriously... buy Men of War.0/10 - worst purchase ever... robbed!"
,Not Recommended,231430,21388771,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Erikzk,"Best Nazi simulator, if you wanna win, only play nazis/oberkomando, blob panzergranadiers or volksgranadiers, insta win"
76561198018083361,Not Recommended,231430,21393485,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Danielhok [ITA]  ▄︻̷̿┻̿═━一,"It's not so good as part 1...My primary reason why I don't like this game is the dlc policyX-thousands of dlc's with new missions, and new skins, and new this♥♥♥♥♥♥and that♥♥♥♥♥♥That was the reason why I wouldn't support this game.1DLc is ok, 2DLC's are ok, 3 DLC's are ok, 20 DLC''s for one game where every dlc costs a few bucks and all together cost more then the actual game. thats not ok for me.I boycott this game and I will boycott the next one if those guy's wanna continue like this ...BAD WORK!!! Go home confess to your parents what you have done ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ..."
,Not Recommended,231430,21390398,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,coreoffocus,"DO NOT BUYAbsolute travesty of a game, complete piece of rubbish. The game itself was broken by a DLC update a while ago and never fixed, There are around £300 worth of microtransactions (that is clealry cut content from the game). this game crashes with a GTX 980, 16GB of RAM and an intel i5-4690k overclocked to 4.2 GHZ. Pathetic"
76561197986960927,Not Recommended,231430,21395563,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Nelson,"I absolutely recommend this game if you like to be milked like a cow.Seriously, i paid full price on release and today only own 25% of the game, content wise.You do the math."
,Recommended,231430,17775808,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,FiDO,Love it
76561197984977055,Not Recommended,231430,32187295,Posted: 4 June,all,Facecamped,"You have to go into game folders and troubleshoot until you can get an fps above 28 even on low regardless of your machine, ♥♥♥♥ this game"
,Not Recommended,231430,13657169,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Omae Wa Mu Shindeiru,"I do like the gameplay as a whole, the balance between realism and arcade feels great. However, I bought the collector's edition, which had a massive amount of included DLCs, yet, it seems that I really didn't get any DLCs. In fact, I truly cant see much difference between the beta and the full game, with the exception of the campaign and a few more maps."
76561197963830743,Not Recommended,231430,23152251,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Dries Roelvink,"Worse than CoH1, buy that."
76561198004649814,Not Recommended,231430,24218998,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Bahloftwein,"This game was simply awful.In addition to being led by the nose by objectives (""flank heavy machine gun emplacement"", instead of identifying the emplacement and deciding for yourself what to do), you get a running commentary by some 8-year-old's idea of what officers sound like.Friend and foe alike adopt the tactics of the recent Star Wars movies (stand up in the open and shoot until someone drops) and the effectiveness of units is so low that this actually takes a while.Frankly, I would get more realism and responsiveness from a bag of army guys and a sandbox.I wasn't asking for ultra-realism, but this flacid offering was ugly and insulting."
76561198043544065,Recommended,231430,15736983,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Profile,Highly addictive game
,Not Recommended,231430,22797765,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,SecretSkwurl,"I thought I paid for a game - instead I got a piece of it. I have to pay to unlock the rest of it, because these game developers made a cash cow instead of an actual game.No, I don't recommend this game to anyone, because it's a ripoff. Get real, devs. This is ridiculous."
76561198056709869,Not Recommended,231430,33563960,Posted: 15 July,all,pi,"COH is going into ""pay to win"" direction. Sad."
76561198073555434,Not Recommended,231430,34267823,Posted: 15 August,all,John Rambo,"hey Relic, Can you stop nerfing German units ,please?"
,Not Recommended,231430,33233468,Posted: 4 July,all,Hookerspit,"A whole new level of greed.I thought that people where complaining about the dlc for getting new units. Turns out there is a in game shop, and despite having all the DlC in the game, I don't even have access to half of the games commanders / skins / units etc. this is messed up."
,Not Recommended,231430,34851935,Posted: 9 September,all,Engonge,"Company of Heroes was released in 2006. It was and in my opinion still is, the greatest strategy game that's ever made. Company of Heroes 2 was released in 2013. I am still astonished by the fact that it took 7 years to make a game that is 'in most ways' worse than it's predecessor. This is still the closest experience to the original, so it'll have to do.This is not a free to play game. You've already been charged a hefty lot if you've bought the game and all the expansion packs. (Especially when they were released) On top of that, you are still expected to PAY for new commanders? Really? P2W in a full priced game? COH 3 would be a step up from this, even if they just remove this stuff."
76561197983704923,Recommended,231430,14306849,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,={CK}=Deadly,Best Freaking Strategy game EVER! just need a few balance here and there but over all.... GREAT F***ing game!
76561197964026918,Recommended,231430,12421301,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Roman Bylar,"Overall, not as good as the first game, the troops don't crack funny one liners, the campaign is♥♥♥♥♥♥and there is a lot of DLC, but I still find myself playing it for 10 hours straight."
76561198081442089,Recommended,231430,12042776,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,tungywoongy,"Loving it to death at the moment. Was a fan of COH1 and then saw that some people gave negative reviews at launch, I decided to postpone it till now. I started off with the Western Front Armies for $20 and that was well worth the price tag. An excellent stand alone package. Now few weeks later, I bought the COH 2 original to add onto my expansion. Well worth it and I like the skins."
76561198099260030,Recommended,231430,13813974,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,HazelAdventure,InSaNe In ThE MemBrain!!!!!
76561197996160893,Recommended,231430,10237108,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Xreyne,"This game is enjoyable like CoH 1, but I still perfer CoH 1 to this game.This game has some issues:1)unit balacing is off, some units are just to strong early in the build tree2)Buggy3)Story line was weaker then CoH1All in all, if you enjoy CoH1, you will like this game, just not as much."
,Recommended,231430,11422749,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,bobmonkeyd,its fun when i get to play it but steam wont launch the game every other game i have works fine but this one thanks steam
76561197993230014,Recommended,231430,11426130,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,[SCM] NiddNodd,What a gane. Enjoyed 1 but 2 is even better. Multiplayer is a blast....
,Recommended,231430,12156947,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,comander fitz,Lived up to the first one
76561198103386935,Not Recommended,231430,9634483,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,kevin-chu,either Lost connection with relic server or just keep crashing. the application crash 3 times within just 1 hour.
76561198020731481,Recommended,231430,11101018,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Legendary Soldier,Great game really like the western front expansion as well.
,Recommended,231430,17146943,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,SALIGIA,This is my first review. This game is the BEST RTS i have played.I am just sad because apparently online skirmishes are not the best way to study my history exam. Will try single player missions for my next exam. If it also won't work I quit my school with useless education system.10/10
,Not Recommended,231430,14362710,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,MasterMinedHaxer,Play company of heroes. It had a great story. This one is just dissapointing.
,Not Recommended,231430,17505025,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,milkyjazz,"COH2 can play in Windows 10, are you gonna to fix that ?"
76561198060459927,Recommended,231430,8812379,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Harryhat5,Bloody Fantastic game! with excellent historical accuracy
,Recommended,231430,26077747,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Duck Mcquacks,Its aight
,Recommended,231430,12159762,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Mistakes Were Made,"Pros: Great strategy game that will keep you engaged for many, many hours.Cons: For multiplayer at least, I don't like the fact that you can purchase commanders."
,Recommended,231430,8813651,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Marinecoco,I love it
,Recommended,231430,8813805,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,χɑммɑɪᄿᄿᄿᄿ hellcase.com,This is a great RTS game and i would highly reccomend it to anyone!
76561198063324413,Recommended,231430,8815287,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Darth Nox,"This game has been a joy to play, I love RTS games in general, but this one brings about a sense of triumph when you are able to beat your enemies. It has a different play style that does take a bit of a learning curve, but once you get the hang of it, it becomes rather fun. People have stated that you have to pay to win, because of all the Commanders that you have to buy in order to get them. I disagree with this statement. The only thing the Commanders that you can purchase bring to the table is the fact that they have new units to use, which are strong yes, but require a large amount of time and resources to acquire. People also complain about how it is unbalanced and that the germans or the russians are weaker than the other. In some regards yes, they are weaker, but they also have better abilities elsewhere. A good example is the two sides first ""tank."" The germans get a Panzer IV, while the russians get a T-34/76...I think. If put in a one on one fight, the russian tank will lose. It has weaker armor, and a weaker cannon. However it can cause a stalemate to occur between the two by ramming the enemy tank. Putting them both out of action.Great Game, I would reccomend that people purchase it."
,Recommended,231430,9945137,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Hamedar,"For $17, if you don't buy this masterpiece of a game.You deserve to be shot for stupidty and waste."
76561198031358207,Not Recommended,231430,10249781,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,INV8ER,"Any competent German player that has unlocked the Tiger will win. End of story.Also, the first Company of Heroes is far superior."
76561198011535404,Not Recommended,231430,13241502,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Toxicity,"Game seems highly overrated to me. Campaign mode sucks.  Theater mode sucks.  Custom skirmishes are boring.  Basic combat tactics mean nothing in this game.  Tanks will drive through and icy river under horrendous antitank fire, and run over all your troops.  Single squads will navigate straight through your defense line and walk through murderous MG fire and capture all your points.  I've played for about 2 hours now an I'm not impressed at all.  40 bucks down the drain.  No way I'll pay a cent for any of the horrendously overpriced DLC.  I was expecting something superior to Order of War and I'm quite disappointed."
76561197977885444,Not Recommended,231430,14383478,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Killseeker,"I bought this game to have some multiplayer fun with mates but after a day of playing I relaised that the AI is completely useless and the pathfinding even worse. I have never played an rts where I have lost so many units because they simply do not do what I tell them to.Games turn into an exercise in frustration, further compounded by the fact that for some reason units only shoot out of the front of any building they're garrisoned in and are unable to use any of their special abilities once they are inside. Want to throw a grenade at the squad shooting at you with rockets - well too bad, you can't!Here are some other design choices that have left me scratching my head:Enemy units will on the retreat command will regularly run through the midst of your army but will somehow avoid every bulletTroops can't stop using anti tank guns once they commandeer one in the field - want to disengage from the weapon so they can retreat to base? Too bad, can't do that either.Troop accuracy is woeful until they level up to 2 or 3 starsManuevering vehicles takes an absolute ageIt is buggy as all hell - within 5 seconds of starting my very first game, one of my squads got stuck on the scenery!It's a shame that Relic dropped the ball so much with this game. The first CoH and DoW were great fun and well made."
76561197972012862,Not Recommended,231430,8842705,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,zexavier,with windows 8 the game only runs in compatibility mode?
76561197965948358,Not Recommended,231430,9349702,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Sykarus,"I was really expecting more from the game. I was a HUGE fan of COHO (Company of Heroes Online), until they pulled the plug on it... Anyhow, COH2 has some interesting content but lacks many of the elements and game modes that made the original so appealing. Some of the multiplayer game modes such as defending the town hall against hordes of enemy are now gone. The same type of gameplay is even more click happy frantic than the original. I think this is a continuing spiral turn down towards the wrong direction for this type of RTS. If it's on sale, I'd recommend it, but not for the price I paid."
76561197966329526,Not Recommended,231430,9654025,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Tulihuh,One big dissapointment
76561198031854829,Not Recommended,231430,9796980,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Homie Juan Kenobi,Germans barely win just russian spam
76561198048777617,Not Recommended,231430,11157438,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,jaxpat,DO NOT BUY THIS!!!  YOU CANNOT PLAY THE CAMPAIGN AT ALL... YOU CANNOT ACCESS ALL THE MAPS!!! THIS IS ONLY GOOD FOR BOTS AND MULTIPLAYER AND EVEN THEN YOU DONT HAVE ALL EQUIPMENT... THIS IS A RIP OFF!!!! I HAVE SENT SEVERAL TICKETS FOR HELP WITH THIS AND HAVE NO ANSWER!! STEAM KNOWS THIS IS A SCAM PURCHASE.
,Not Recommended,231430,13108876,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Palm,"Would not reccoment to anyone who are not really into RTS, and most of the time not even then."
76561198136655228,Not Recommended,231430,13300334,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Dokhen,"After the recent update, game crashes when saving. Great Work, now fix it."
76561198027704408,Not Recommended,231430,14060985,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,La Monda™,"This game is the most unbalanced piece of crap ever. Dont waste you money. The developers made the game and never tweeked it. Dont bother wasting ur time. Not to mention the game is pay to win. The matcmaking is flawed, new players  face veteran top ranked players all the time and russians/americans are just OP."
,Not Recommended,231430,14431119,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,jf,I regret that I bought this game and can't play completely because of DLC's. I just. CoH is full of sh*t now. Money always matters.
76561197999536565,Not Recommended,231430,13301497,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Private Virgil Ginger Jr.,"I have a question: Why do we have to pay extra 39.99$ for an addon campaign? With no new factions, no new units."
76561198026452405,Not Recommended,231430,17239570,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,<removed>,"CoH1 wasn't perfect, but was a real good game, CoH2 is just a crap. Don't know what relic doing 7 years, game have no real change and now full of bugs and crushs. Multiplayer totally unbalanced. Nazi army have so many power, so 80% gamers play them. Singplayer scenario is a totally history falsification. Long time I dont see so many unbelievable anywhere. The Soviet army was worse than the Nazis shows. I think the game wrote descendants who had fled the Nazis residues."
76561198085278894,Not Recommended,231430,17247531,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,cmurchland,"Endless plugs for DLC, very little as standard, seemingly daily updates to prevent you from running it for 10 minutes at a time. Gameplay identical to CoH. Well worth avoiding."
76561198019153661,Not Recommended,231430,14348605,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Jazm,"If you liked the first game stick with that instead, they changed the way you build bases etc to the point where you have to play the game entirely different from the first, what I liked in the first game isn't present here and I just can't get into it.Again, the first game is GREAT so buy that one instead!"
,Not Recommended,231430,9342148,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Roma_Victor,"Only looks like the first one if you squint. They try to squeeze every dollar they can out of you by producing an uncomplete copy and then making you pay for extra missions and commanders. The commanders offer unique units that make it feel very much like ""pay to win"" type game.NOT RECOMMENDED"
76561198027910579,Recommended,231430,8797839,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,420,"This game has to many pros and cons, i cant even say its similar to coh1+expan.games fkd. but its okay... for 13$..."
,Recommended,231430,9935327,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Space Banana,Awsome game!
76561198037891424,Recommended,231430,10251563,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Uth Matar,Such a disapointment ! I loved the first part played ti with friends on maps i built and spent a LOT of time on . This is money munching BS . If they ever give German forces for free my opinion might change but that does not look likely . Who cares about crapy soviets ????
76561198127968336,Recommended,231430,9942648,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,SupremeAssFace,When i click play it says preparing coh2 then it turns it self off and dont work
76561198077650497,Recommended,231430,10002122,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Freddy,Classic ! love it
,Recommended,231430,15284282,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Bakalakadaka,Shoot all the nazis and also most of your own dudes hell yeah communism ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198067411909,Recommended,231430,10017497,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Sassy Sashay,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥what a  game ... but at the same time holy♥♥♥♥♥♥what a price tag ... :/
,Recommended,231430,10970711,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Rastafarian Targaryen,Great Fast Past Strat game.8/10Needs more base units in the game I believe.Should get atleast 1 item per Multiplayer game!
,Recommended,231430,11059052,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,WhiteWolfLIT,"One of the best squad-based RTS's out there, with the addition of the Western Front Armies, the game has quickly become a favorite of mine."
76561198138492218,Recommended,231430,15416801,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,The Sentinel Gamer,Very good and funy game with a lot of content
,Recommended,231430,10433218,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,ShalaJC,"Company of Heroes 2 is definitely worth the money put in.  If you are a fan of RTS games, and a little bit of city building, but are frustrated because the only WWII RTS you have is Command & Conquer: Red Alert.  Well.  This is your ticket into the teens of the 21st century."
76561198127155275,Recommended,231430,10930505,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,+UnWD+ Dr_Beaugosse,It is a great game I have put a lto of tiem into like rts worth the buy
76561198049144226,Recommended,231430,11101106,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,daniel_ionita,"Sensational game. Anyone hating on this after enjoying number 1 is a moron, sorry to say. I introduced my friend to the first game a few weeks ago who thought it was a newly released game, even though it's about 7 years old! This game is basically the same, with a great campaign and great graphics, voice acting and tactical options that the original is known for. Everything about this game is at least just a little more refined, and that's basically all you need fora game that got off to an amazing start with the original. If you loved the original, there is no reason you should not love this. BUY IT."
,Recommended,231430,17156534,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,josh-vman,"Great game, the graphics are just amazing, anyone who loves and enjoys WW2, you will love this game!"
,Recommended,231430,10980669,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,abadi alharbi,من أجمل الألعاب الاستراتيجية
76561198033034282,Recommended,231430,11057372,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,[TS] Stalin,The quotes said by the units are enough to make you enjoy this game. Also the added fun of lots of explosions and seeing planes fall out the sky helps too!Strongly recommend anyone who enjoys spending hours on an RTS to play this. Well worth the buy.
76561198119560555,Recommended,231430,14594849,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,prserrano7,If you are a hero of startegy and wwII this is a great game. Gameplay can be very balanced if you choose the correct level AI. There are a plethera of bonuses from the commander you choose that can really turn the tide of the battle. Choose your doctrine or commander wisely and you can decimate your oppenents.
76561198064706475,Recommended,231430,10431872,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,cowboy tough,THIS GAME IS BOSS
76561197981385918,Recommended,231430,10464457,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,chris_lindeman,Great game.. although I think there's a lot of people cheating on here.  Best RTS game on the market. My favorite strategy game.
76561197988260089,Not Recommended,231430,14198896,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,X i,"Compared to the first game, too fast paced. The early infantry game, and middle game just don't last long enough. I feel the series took a step backwards here.Oh well, at least I recently discovered Men of War and Wargame series."
,Not Recommended,231430,12669300,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Sanctify,"This game, is like taking a trip to a video arcade in 1939, unrealistic and non-sensical. It is essentially the Tron of the WW2 genre (generally speaking. Though Tron was actually a good movie, this game is garbage. Actually, screw the metaphor for Tron).Go buy Tron, you'll get more entertainment and less stress than in this ridiculous fantastical excuse for a WW2 RTS. With huge blobs running at Machine Guns not dying. Space Marines holding out against 20 men shooting at them and in turn massacreing them with the illogicality of no machine gun lethality but explosions being super lethal to the point of killing men no where near them.Game is imbalanced and glitchy to the point of frustration. Do not buy this game it is not worth the money I would instead recommend you buy Men of War: Assault Squad 2. It does everything this game does but better, and isn't a glitchy imbalanced production of a  fantastical incestuous relationship ."
,Not Recommended,231430,12986714,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,S.T.I.N.K.Y .G,The game sucks major♥♥♥♥♥wouldn't buy.1. Factions are unbalanced.2. Maps are poop.3. DLC's are overpriced.4. Relic blows at producing games.
,Not Recommended,231430,13222200,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Osmo,"Could have been a good game, ruined by Pay 2 Win DLC."
76561198153740617,Not Recommended,231430,13630054,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Natalie de Clare,Loose the ingame advertisements. Getting real tired of ads
76561198057551818,Not Recommended,231430,14443121,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,KidiceWylde,"Just not a fan. Controls are a little clunky, graphics are only okay, and overall it just seems like a slapped together game. Maybe I didn't put enough time in playing it, but so far has not even remotely kept my interest."
76561197993564982,Not Recommended,231430,15207092,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,HardTarget,The viewing angles are nothing like the original game making it unplayable. Would not recommend this game. Shame as the original Company of Heroes was one if not the best RTS I have played.
76561198015356065,Not Recommended,231430,8827969,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,AlphaRhino7,the first company of heroes online whaze more batter
76561197970357393,Not Recommended,231430,9355143,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,sgtmelin,"I did play the old company of heroes and this version i didnt like at all, and they wants to earn money of everything in this game."
76561197963938767,Not Recommended,231430,11168541,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,ZeeZx,The game is so imbalanced (online multiplayer) and it's obvious because most players will want to play as a German. They are much easier to play and win..... don't spend your $$$ on this game.
76561198076091763,Not Recommended,231430,9254347,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,2knate,"when i start the game it comes up with a thing and says that company of heroes 2 has stopped working (at this time the game isnt started yet) and ive tried reinstalling it 4 times, all with the same result, please email me and help me to fix this, cause i spent 39.00$ of hard earned money on this game, please help me fix itif you find a solution email me at123nathanperez@gmail.comnow that i went over and read the dang reviews, i am really fu***** mad because i earned this money with labor, and then to waste it on a game that crashes, makes me soooooo fu**ing mad"
,Not Recommended,231430,13223638,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Scrub,"Despite the game being solid, I have never seen a more nickel and dime DLC scheme such as the one built into this game."
76561198024951490,Not Recommended,231430,13277446,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,eric,bought this game and can't even play campaign mode.  what a ripoff.  thanks for nothing.
,Not Recommended,231430,16814466,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Wade Wilson,"They nerfed the game, you can only build one tank from call ins now. Not worth the money."
76561198047461394,Not Recommended,231430,14366223,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,FreemanDan,Its my favorite game but everytime error code 4!!!!!! no EP no commanders like company of heroes one :///
76561198037846413,Not Recommended,231430,14378250,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,KnightCC™,"Just came from a 2,5 hour skirmish battle against STANDARD AI.The unbalanced German AI just kept gaining resources and repairng their base so that it couldn't be destroyed.My tip of the day: SPARE YOUR MONEY AND DON'T BUY THIS ABOMINATION!11/5 potato, would contemplate ending my life again."
76561198145118998,Not Recommended,231430,14379979,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,CaptDayno,Bought game and still prompts for purchase when selecting russian campaign
76561197970756092,Not Recommended,231430,457042,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,"Lambert, Lambert - What a prick.","The AI has gotten stupdier somehow. And what kinda ADHD child still enjoys gameplay like this? There is absolutely no tactics, just a battle to reposition units that fight your every move with their own notion of standing out of cover. If the camera would zoom out so you could atleast see HALF the battlefield or something, currently its just a battle camera and the UI. Unless the final mission is a indepth analysis of soviet troops♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥german civilians in great detail this is just another self-wanking HEROISM AND PATRIOTISM splurge from THQ and a step backwards in terms of gamemechanics. Who thinks WW2 is cool anymore anyway."
76561198017702371,Not Recommended,231430,8803904,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,thetrojanhoss,"This game is nothing like its former, nothing but crash issue after crash issue. Each time it crashes it downloads the update even if you have it so it takes anywhere from 30 minutes to 45 minutes to download the update you've downloaded a billion times before. DONT BYE THIS GAME! You are wasting your money! I loved COH 1 and played it to death, COH 2 is half baked and in a terminal death spiral. This is a terd and a waste of money! You have been warned!"
76561197989900983,Not Recommended,231430,9325950,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,You son of a bitch,"I feel sincerely bad for anyone who paid full price for this.  I got it half off and I'm kicking myself.  Imbalanced armies, game breaking updates, inconsistent ability to connect to servers.  Good times."
76561198009552910,Recommended,231430,8815611,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Nugz,awesome game highly recommend to all
76561198007074003,Recommended,231430,8829677,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Von Kessel,"I must say - this game is a masterpiece.  Excellent , state of art single player with amazing story based on historical events in one of the most epic battlefields in history – eastern front.  Apart from campaign mainly focused on soviets - player may also put his skills to the test in ‘Theatre of War’. System  that allows almost endless replayability of matches as both soviets and reckless soldiers of Wehrmacht.  Thing worth mentioning  - one  of a few games with challenging AI. Last but not least, well-balanced multiplayer (in comparison to diffrent games -ofc still not perfect) with active community and great deal of various maps. Absolute must-have for any RTS fans and second world war lovers.(Most of people who would not recommend this game on steam, have about 400 hours spent in-game, which I do believe mean something)."
76561197995233426,Recommended,231430,8833224,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,SaggyTurnips,love this one way better than the first one!!
76561198055994049,Recommended,231430,8810646,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Jack,its good
,Not Recommended,231430,17560682,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,[78. SID] OTL Krieg,"As a COH player with over 1000 hrs, COH 2 was a disappointment... I'm sorry. I don't read reviews from vanilla COH 2 players. It's completely different. The meta game is completely different, it's a tank spam..."
76561198016424941,Recommended,231430,8803788,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,th31u40rg0t,"OMG why did I wait so long to get this game!  It is fantastic, but I would also like to see the British, USA, and Japanese in this version possible as a DLC.  I know Company of Hero's 1 has them, but the graphics inthe second are far superior!"
76561198006925820,Not Recommended,231430,9798912,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Jonny Cross,Its aboslutely gopping!Just get Normandy 1944 mod for COH 1
76561198065230811,Recommended,231430,9938978,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Bloodraiyne,"Hi, I don't normally review games because people form their own opinions. But in light of all the bad reviews people are posting I figured I'd toss in my own two cents.If you liked the first game then buy this one, you won't be sorry. Most complaints I'm seeing from people are about the DLC addons. You don't need them to play the main game and only gain a slight advantage in multiplayer with them. Its unfair to trash a game based only on your dislike of DLCs or the cost of them. The game is completely playable without them."
76561198081247101,Recommended,231430,9699395,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Enclave46,Amazing game and oh so adictingThis game can be extremely hard at some parts but in all it is just perfect10/10
,Not Recommended,231430,12331470,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,TemplarKnight,Gets boring and old pretty fast.
76561198032658961,Not Recommended,231430,16924240,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,coxbobby,"The short.  This game is just too hard (At least the Ardenness Assult DLC is).  I played Company of Heroes one and thoroughly enjoyed it.  I like a challenge, but even on easy level this game is too difficult.  Easy level should allow players to ""learn"" the game and then they can ramp up from there.  ""Easy"" on this game ain't easy.  Company of Heroes 1 was MUCH better."
,Recommended,231430,9926798,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Dumba,it's ok.
,Recommended,231430,9932129,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,serafus,"In my mind, not as good as the original. I'm still looking forward to The Western Front armies, though."
76561197961471655,Recommended,231430,10015553,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,☭ dr.strangelove,"Good game, but their updates sometimes destroy the game (especially when the speed up the game speed). Otherwise a nice game!."
,Recommended,231430,10039897,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Commissar Bropezpie,"An absolute joy to play for the certain type of efecianado. The game is easily an uprgrade from the other titles in the series. I would be very wary of this game if you are not a fan of the WW2 Genre, this is not something new or something different. But it takes what makes the genre great and adds to it sevenfold. I would reccomend getting this game. Also be wary that a new expansion will be releasing soon."
76561198109643119,Recommended,231430,10259912,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,FlyingBaron,"I would recomend this game to any one who loves COH1. Not a ton of new features but then again I wasn't expecting there to be many. Same great game with uped grafics situated on the brutal eastern front. Pros would be very good grafics, good music and intensaty, and fun campaign. Cons would be: it is way over priced and the cool DLCs are an aditional expense that seems rather unfaire considering the origanl games price."
,Recommended,231430,7826728,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Ragga,"CoH2... is no CoH:In essence, they took one of the best RTS games, tweaked the graphics a little bit and decided to add more and more features and game modes that were not necessary for the Sequal.Rank System - What was once a simple Sliding Scale that as you won, you went up... and as you loss, you went down, has now been replaced.  A Hidden rank system - so that some may feel better about them selves - and a simple Experience growth has been implemented.  Sweet... the more you play, the higher the level!!!  Skill and Competition has been obliterated!!!Graphics - Increasaed a bit.  The Blizzards are cool at first.Game Modes - Yes, there have been many more added... however, a balanced and more robust MP would have pleased those who were hoping for more of the Original.6.5/10"
76561198273230895,Recommended,231430,20868524,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,kotkasilm,Love it
,Recommended,231430,9094508,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Pillsbury w0boy,"Let me be honest, I have never liked strategy games all that much, besides Total War and Stronghold, but I love this game.  My friend Icechuck introduced me to this game and it is amazing.  The matches are kind of long, but that's a guarintee in strategy games.  The game is very realistic and it does feel like WWII.  The AI are NOT idiots, they can actually fend for themselves.  It takes a lot of strategy and cooperation to win matches; I like games that take that.  I recommend this game to anyone who likes strategy games.  The game is a bit expensive, so buy when it's on sale!"
,Recommended,231430,11431256,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Ivan,I like how this game plays. Is it better that the first game? Not really. It might look better but it's a strategy game so who cares? Online multiplayer is now pretty well balanced and with the workshop maps you can play some really cool historical environments!What I don't like it that almost all tanks have a hugely reduced range. Try Men of War. There you have realistic tank range.
76561198093357594,Recommended,231430,22579836,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,"Be Young, Have Fun, Drink Pepsi",A great WW2 battle simulator with the ability to command a wide array of troops and vehicles. A good game to pick up if your really into WW2.
76561198036702281,Not Recommended,231430,21389992,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,F.O.A.D.,"So I bought the British Forces DLC...Found out SEGA/Relic want more money for the British Commanders...Didn't I just pay for the British army?Another major headache is the broken ""War Spoils"" reward (or not) system.SEGA/Relic have kept this system for years despite a massive community backlash.In other words, if you buy this game be prepared to have your feedback ignored."
76561197964804679,Not Recommended,231430,14297242,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Mr.Bill,"Please forgive the lack of structure, as I have very little interest in making a game critic of myself, but I felt I should share my impressions in any event. This was a title I was initially very excited about, and even pre-ordered a day before it came out, after having playtested it in beta. What first seemed to be balance patches soon turned the gameplay♥♥♥♥♥♥eyed. At first that was fun too, because it meant trying to adapt to the cheeseball strategies of the other players that would notice new builds and strategies, which would get patched away later as well. I watched as the game seemed to slowly revert to the code of the first game. For those who know what I mean, you could tell the difference between the first game and this title by the behavior of the player-controlled units. I am no programmer myself, but I would swear they just slapped the code from the first game into the this one, because it didn't feel like it does now when it first came out. It feels like in order to capture the magic of the first game, they needed to remake it, and they did.I was also disappointed about the ways in which this game has switched gears. To start with, the Theater of War was a good idea in my book. It offered cooperative play with somewhat historical operations (barring the glaringly obvious armor, where is the panzer II and III, or the T26 early in the war?). What I am not fond of is the fact they abandoned it around the time they must have gotten the idea to focus on the Western Front again. I don't feel a sense of closure with respect to the Eastern Front (because they kind of half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the campaign to begin with). I mean sure, we didn't buy it for a history lesson, but it felt more engrossing and a bit more personal (to me anyway).Of course we can't have a review without the addition of the Western Front. While I can't speak for Ardennes Assault, as I haven't seen the price move anywhere close to the $10 I would be more interested in paying(one of the playable companies in the single-player is dlc). What I will say is that I preferred the old way in which you earned bulletins, and have never been fond of the idea of paying for commanders. Earning your bulletins by doing difficult, or sometimes crazy things was fascinating and fun.  I will admit to having bought a couple commanders because I liked their playstyle, but I feel that this is money-grubbing. I would expect this kind of thing from a free-to-play, but this isn't. Please Relic, stop using one of my favorite RTS series as a testing ground for SEGA's pay schemes. Also, for the love of Murphy, if there ever is a Dawn of War 3, don't let it go down the same road (wishful thinking I realize)."
,Recommended,231430,9438602,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,:EmPiRE:,Good.
,Recommended,231430,9824690,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Ok JFI Dickeys,rip off of the game company of heroes
76561198061111676,Recommended,231430,9086754,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Ungare,Most realistic WW2 Eastern Front strategical Game. Gives deep looks into political aspects and suffering of soldiers commanders and zivils.The versatile choice of armoury also fits the real 2. WW. All in one my most favourite strategic game and reminds ppl of Age of Empires
76561198041154707,Not Recommended,231430,9771063,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,The Earl of Ducksworth,"An alright game, the only reason why i don't reccomend this is that CoH1 is a better game. (and cheaper)In CoH2 the sides are unbalanced (changing from patch to patch), and the campaign isn't that great.So, seriously.. just buy CoH1"
76561198007770635,Not Recommended,231430,11203571,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,ashleygill84,For those off you that love strategy games or loved the first company of heroes.DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEit has no strategy and is total unbalanced we all know german power was unmatchedat the start off world war 2 and it was thanks to the mass off the allies that one the warbut that is forgot in this game with the top german tank costing the same as the top allie tank.However  you will need at least 3 off any allie unit to take out an axis unitwhich would be ok if they didnt cost the same and you could afford three to there onebut this game is UNBALANCED.so unless you enjoy playing a game which is so easy. or one in which 9 out of every 10 fightsyou lose and that one in which you do win you have to fight every inch and one mistake and itsanother one off them losses. let me put it like this play GERMANS then you dont have the skillto play strategy games play soviet or usa and be frustarated at the misbalance.DO WHAT I SHOULD HAVE DO NOT BUY THIS GAME NEVER BUY THIS GAME.JUST PLAY COMPANY OF HEROES ONE
76561198007698960,Not Recommended,231430,12570941,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,GameTime,it sucks now there is some kkind of bug that makes it so i cant play so it sucks
,Not Recommended,231430,13213464,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Mr Sanji,"Too many DLC! Will not buy it until there is a ""huge discount""!"
76561197971958381,Not Recommended,231430,13304515,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Boscorelli,"I thought this game would amaze me the same way the first CoH did, but it did not. The reason why it didn't is very simple: you're merely a spectator to the tales of the eastern front, there's little freedom to create and command your troops as you please on the battlefield.I liked the first game better for it allowed me to create an army that fitted my gameplay, instead of just point/clic following game directions like in this game, or like it was in Tales of Valor for that matter. I'm glad I bought this on sale, for it was really disappointing."
76561198006802457,Not Recommended,231430,13587080,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Princess Inkbutt,"Well yeah, It's company of heros.    If you liked CoH 1, you'll sorta kinda like CoH2.   Not an exact clone really,  it adds things like abandon vehicles,  new army styles,  same sorta humour.Not reccommended.   For those that don't know Ardennes Assault released for 40 USD.    It adds no new content,  just a campaign.    It,  like most other CoH campaigns are pretty bad.  You want a good campaign, play Men of War,  that's a challenge.Multiplayer features are ok.   Now that modding has come into full swing, you're starting to see new game modes and the like. There's even a mod that unlocks all units.  -but it does need balancing-Sounds strange to be talking aobut DLC and mods,  but that's all this game has going for it.   Really.   So you can enjoy this game for sure,  do not get me wrong, it is enjoyable.  But it's not worth the value,  if you can't my drift."
76561198074613605,Not Recommended,231430,14318388,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,My Nizzle,I love how the graphics are almost the exact same from coh1 but they want you to have double the specs on this one.now i have to buy a bunch of new parts to run at least on 30 fps
76561198006675058,Not Recommended,231430,14359623,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Bad-Aim,"A very sad followup, also bloatware."
76561198002570901,Not Recommended,231430,14467880,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,ChrisWiseguy,"This game does not run. I have AMD FX8350, Nvidia 660TI. When I start the game only flashes, I can hear the sound but the image is just flashing (black screen with flashes)."
76561198045342287,Recommended,231430,8806221,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,MATNE.оиɐdɪиz & Friendz,waiting for the BIG DISCOUNT!!
76561198010112719,Not Recommended,231430,13746542,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Mr. Eff,"Doesn't stack up to the original CoH, and is ultimately unnecessary. I downvote it not because it's a bad game - far from it. But because it improves so little and downgrades so much, that it's redundant in the face of its predecessor.GAMEPLAY: The blizzard/fire mechanic present in a few maps is pretty neat. A blizzard will descend on the map, and you need to evactuate your troops to pre-determined areas with bonfires, which serves to break up your front lines. One could potentially lose an advantage if they're not careful, and that adds an interesting dynamic to the game. However, there's an arbitrary population cap that doesn't fluctuate like in the first game, which really detracts from the strategic aspects. In the first game, you were compelled to capture territory to allow you to train more units - but then you had to defend that territory with those units. Furthermore, it eliminates scenarios in CoH1 in which you lose territory and need to be careful with your units. For example, you have multiple infantry units and a few tanks. Let's say an attack kills off most of your infantry units, and you lose territory. Now you're over your population cap, and you can't train infantry to replace those lost. You have to make do witrh what you have, and make desperate counter-attacks to save yourself. The population cap in CoH2 gets rid of this type of scenario, limiting you to a few infantry units and a handful of tanks. It seems as though they're trying to balance this out by having units easier to destroy, but it only makes battles more fast paced and hectic, rather than grand and strategic.Furthermore, the doctrine upgrades are set up on a linear grid for no reason whatsoever. You choose your doctrine, and it upgrades automatically for you, reducing a lot of the strategy in the process. In CoH1, deciding the right set of doctrine upgrades was critical to ensuring success in many cases.GRAPHICS: It looks more realistic, which is fine. Infantry units get blown apart and tanks explode in plumes of smoke. Textures are improved, too, but this is all to be expected for a sequel 8 years in the making. What isn't improved, however, are the vehicle models. They have this quality to them that I can't quite pinpoint that makes them look like toys. They're not very fun to use, and feel out of place.AUDIO: Sounds good, no complaints.Overall, this is a letdown. Play CoH1 first, and if you really itch for more, give this a go."
,Not Recommended,231430,8453219,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Mr. Pink,"Game itself is fine; if still a serious step back from CoH1. Some of the magic is gone but it's solid.Except for the ♥♥♥♥ing DLC. This game uses essentially a 'F2P' market but has the balls to then charge full price for the game itself. There's HUNDREDS of dollars worth of non-aesthetic DLC from campaigns to Commander abilities that ass♥♥♥♥ balance.So if you want a semi-okay RTS that is a step down from it's predecessor and loaded to the hilt with greedy DLC, then go ahead."
76561198012191628,Not Recommended,231430,8806753,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,BootlessRed,Play the first one for real fun
76561198037882864,Not Recommended,231430,11053598,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Cav Kilroy,"If you have played ever played the first COH, you will hate this game in Skirmish the AI will magically get extreme resources while you scrape by trying to get enough recources to hold them off and also to attack. The Expansion had promise bringing in the Americans. Instead the designers of the game decided that in a base building game you would have a prebuilt base and have to call in special units just to use those buildings (and by the way those special units use up a lot of pop. cap) They did this with the British in the first one and everybody hated it. Did they learn evidently not. I have offically unistalled it and will never play again."
76561198064603682,Not Recommended,231430,9361967,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Winters,I think its a great game. but i cant play it because my laptop crashes when i play it. and my laptop is decend. But what irritates me the most is that nobody from CoH2 support gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥about it. They said that i should post my problem in the crash forum but they never fixed it or did anything about it. Really bad support
76561198158993566,Not Recommended,231430,16935055,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Darik Reed,i need help. i have reinstalled the game already. it wont let me play all factions in skirmish mode and i have bought all of the content.
76561198062376881,Recommended,231430,12132411,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,[Project KT-Mod] Hausser,The best WW2 strategy ever!
76561197978342832,Recommended,231430,13630600,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Momar,The game is a imbalanced pos. I stopped it completly
76561198015998901,Recommended,231430,12800887,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,'džusik',Slušná strategia
,Recommended,231430,29574958,Posted: 29 January,all,MIHANYA,"Тop strategy ,for me"
76561198003977438,Not Recommended,231430,13607665,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,rockowwc,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.It s a poor poor followup for COH 1.Balance is a joke, the Axis tanks are massively overpowered and allied have no answer after mid game."
76561198020324068,Recommended,231430,10466651,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,W!LL!,A good game overall. Enjoyed the campains. Balance needs work. Almost always need to go for tanks if you want to win. And it annoys me that the Soviots can't get AT hand held weapons.
76561198029081906,Recommended,231430,10071274,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Quang,"It could be better, but its good enough for me to play."
76561198123178927,Not Recommended,231430,30264165,Posted: 1 March,all,marco.drenth95,the first one was beter
76561198127545802,Recommended,231430,17016625,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Starvingnotincluded,"OK This game is good, it defintaly lives up to the legacy of COH. The game its self is good but don't buy ardennes assault its not worth the money. How ever do buy the oberkommando and American Armys as it adds a little more to the game.Plus don't preorder the brits just yet, wait and see if the reviews are good. 9/10 Very good game and lives up to the standerd."
76561198090685567,Not Recommended,231430,17019874,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Tsugumori,"Its k.Really it is just ""k"",play/get the first one and you'll have a better/more fun game.Just for the rts fans and fans of the series it will be ""good""."
,Not Recommended,231430,17039226,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,[GROM],"I'M CONFUSED ABOUT ALL THE CONTENT OF THIS GAME COH1 AND COH2, IT LOOKS LIKE MONEY GRABBER, I HATE MODERN DLC'S, IS LIKE GETTING PARTIAL GAME WHERE TO MAKE IT FULL YOU NEED TO PAY MORE FOR DLC'S.  ♥♥♥♥ THIS I WILL BUY THIS GAME IN 2 YEARS FOR $10.99 NOT $150+. HEHEHE =)"
76561197962757740,Not Recommended,231430,17048517,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Stube,game is good but one of worst matchmaking i have ever seen. please do not buy this game if you want to play fair game. and buy it fromwww.♥♥♥♥♥♥.comif you do.
76561198039442198,Recommended,231430,16986162,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,zXaV93RoXz,This Game Is Fricking Amazing ! recomend Get it !
,Not Recommended,231430,17040844,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,RJS,"This game is PLAGUED with DLC's ! i do not recomend it cus of that,and it holds poorly up to the orginal Coh. id rather reccomend you buy the first one and the 2 expantions for it."
,Recommended,231430,10645222,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Murdlem,Great addition to an already great game line
,Not Recommended,231430,23273309,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,President Ha,This mother fcker server is really ♥♥♥♥♥ed
76561198027301989,Recommended,231430,22920150,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Citosis,10/10  would spend all my money on in-store transactions again.
,Recommended,231430,22865268,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,★Xd★,i started to play company of heroes 2 when i wase  9 and loved it and i played coh 1 and then this come best game ever i hope company of heroes 3 comes out it should be cooool!!..
,Recommended,231430,11067931,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,BaronVonSushi,"A great RTS that has changed the dynamics from CoH1 and also upgraded a lot of visuals. The problem for the veterans who had the game before the Western Front expanision is that they unlocked a ton for the Soviets and Eastern German Army and now are having a hard time getting the Spoils of War for their American and Oberkommando Armies. Otherwise, if you enjoyed CoH1 you will love this game. Remember though, in this one, artillery and mortars do more damage."
76561198035710938,Recommended,231430,11071636,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Glenndaddy,I played this game so much that mykeyboard and mouse broke down like a 2002 cavalier in the middle of the Nevada desert.
76561198104441724,Recommended,231430,16035460,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,NapoleoN,تو این سبک از بازی های استراتیژیک واقعا عالی هست
76561197961013048,Recommended,231430,11061629,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,maple syrup sandwhich,super fun with friends.  The workshop adds a great variety for maps to chose from!
76561198025787081,Recommended,231430,11054406,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,yomads,pay to win but its fun as hell
76561198011018754,Recommended,231430,11078830,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Revan41686,"Fantastic game.  There is a learning curve if you were a fan of the first one and very used to it, but if you give it a chance and don't give up you will enjoy it as much as  the first if not more.  The factions are fun and enjoyable and the maps are beautiful and well thought out and the folks here on steam are super creative.  I don't play this game very much because i have to play it vs AI with friends to have fun but it is totally worth it if you have people you like playing with"
,Recommended,231430,11078914,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,+Viper,"Not as good as the first, but hey it looks nice."
,Recommended,231430,14487298,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Statement,"Its a solid sequel to Company of Heroes, go get it :)"
,Recommended,231430,14484993,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ÐÈVìL,Very nice game and nice improvements after coh 1 but the number of DLC is outrageous. People get mad when they will have to pay for the thing while he should had it for free
76561198098199410,Recommended,231430,14484099,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,fortycreeek24,good
,Recommended,231430,13331479,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Skorge,This game is awesome
76561198006703486,Recommended,231430,13558497,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Angry Bovine,"This is an great game. It is way better than the first one, which is saying a lot. lots of reviews here say that the game is got too much DLC,but YOU CAN UNLOCK COMMANDERS FOR FREE!!!!!! YOU DON""T HAVE TO BUY THEM. only dlc u cant get for free is the 3 theater of war packs, which are not too pricy, however their is a new exp out for it which i think is too pricy right now (like $40 bucks) but it will go down in price or go on sale sooner or later :P"
76561198054187716,Recommended,231430,13575332,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Adam,Great game for co-op!!To many add onns for more money!!
76561198021290875,Recommended,231430,13119620,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,NouNee,best RTS
76561198093689245,Recommended,231430,12807613,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Dnzblues,How to unlock soviet army :S
76561197970495826,Recommended,231430,12064022,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,thenderofall,I stay youthful by bathing in the blood of dead Russians.
,Recommended,231430,8897519,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Fuhrer_Rage,pleeeeease can this be released on mac?
76561198062680412,Recommended,231430,8905119,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Ruh-Roh,"Pretty fun strategy game, takes good management skills"
76561198023864402,Recommended,231430,8866041,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Pherno,"Great game, DLC commanders being overpowered has been fixed with updates."
,Recommended,231430,12854311,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,AlienNutsackInvader,"Company of Heroes 2Pros:+Great graphics, realistic physics, and very fine attention to detail+Accurate sounds, soldier talk, engine noise, ect+Troops move to cover, react to enemy fire, and act in a very realistic way+Well balenced armies, each nation has unique units that are fun to play with+You can field an all troop army or an all vehicle army and still win (tanks are not grossly over-powered)+Diverse special abilities, commanders, skins, ect+Excellent mod support+Wide variety of maps (Main + DLC's + Community made)+Weather is harsh on some maps, tanks can fall through ice, troops slow down in rivers/ heavy snow+Excellent balence overall, every aspect of the game is tuned perfectly+Fun Campaign with challenging missions+Muiltplayer is alot of fun, challenging, but funCons:-hard to run (Fx-8350 + R9 290 = 38 FPS?)-Muilt-player is hard at first (pro or a con depending on how you look at it)-Fast paced and you need to focus 100% at all times-little to no defensive structures, you need to play offensive all the time to win-I feel like the population cap is a tad lowOverall: 90/100Great game, a must have for RTS fans and a fun way to burn some hours!"
76561198103151310,Recommended,231430,12874328,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,yfranky,"another great game, have to play it."
,Not Recommended,231430,19454807,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Ninblades,The DLC catalog is so long Steam can't even display all of them. You know you have Sega as a publisher when the total price of the DLCs is 10x the amount of the base game.$$$/10
,Not Recommended,231430,30949506,Posted: 4 April,all,Tone,"Bit dull to be honest, didn't keep me interested for very long, weak campaign story. Just a bit...well boring really. If you want to purchase any extra's to spice up the gameplay, don't bother."
76561198056594205,Recommended,231430,8413258,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,MadGod94,AWESINE!!!
,Recommended,231430,9182924,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Charlot,"Great sequal to the original CoH which was a RTS legend. Could have been better with some refinements on the AI, animations, etc. And contrary to most of people I really dont mind DLCs and in game purchase as long as they are good :)"
76561198056072287,Recommended,231430,12126945,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Tywin Lannister,"one of my favourite rts games ever, relic did really well the eastern front setting and the multiplayer (in my opinion) is better then the originals, great game over all, try not to get addicted lol"
,Recommended,231430,12838400,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Frederica,"THEY KILLED YEVGENITHOSE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥SIt's fun, and I haven't even touched actual matchmaking."
76561198091010673,Recommended,231430,14750830,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Commissar Binkov,"Very good game,If you liked coh1 you will like this one. It comes with better graphics, visual imagery and effects. It bring all the good things about coh1 and leaves out  most of the bad things."
76561198032039969,Recommended,231430,10526120,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,renez.,"Pff,demo worked wonderfull...good game. When I bought it it did not work on my computer ..maybe settings whatever...Can y get the money back?"
76561198045118462,Recommended,231430,10528761,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,triskasjarvibarva,Great game! Probably one of the better RTS's if you can play with a buddy!
76561198042430798,Recommended,231430,10578997,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,jhall881,Tight game!  Tight like a tiger!
,Recommended,231430,10612089,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,XPRINCE,i  like this game
76561198082742741,Recommended,231430,10689571,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kieran Wood 96,great game
76561198007552296,Not Recommended,231430,10768940,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,sargechelsea,I downloaded CoH2 US ARMIES and got neither what i paid for or CoH2 but a hybrid which gives me only the tutorial of CoH2 which is of no use to me. Perhaps this is a glich but if not it is not good enough.
76561198124339017,Recommended,231430,11191722,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Brentzkrieg,Its a great game. But the only problem is that you need a freaking government super-computer to be able to run it without problems. You also get to give prisoners flamethrowers.8/10
76561198009517599,Recommended,231430,10544807,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,CaptainPat,I love to play this game. It is fun
76561198018510464,Recommended,231430,10577901,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,woody2521,amazing game would recomend buy now!!!!
,Recommended,231430,10604764,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Itou Makoto,one of the best game i've ever play!
,Recommended,231430,10608392,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Sebii122,I love this game
76561198077854055,Recommended,231430,10526021,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,McFLY_Rex,i'd recommend this game to anyone who is in to strategy gaming and so on if not don't play
,Recommended,231430,10530479,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ThorSerpent,"One of the very few modern RTS-games on the market with excellent graphics, challenging gameplyay and questionable balance. Must have for diehard RTS fans"
76561198073647968,Recommended,231430,10552930,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Grim.Destroyer,yup...
,Not Recommended,231430,10769669,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,cb1907,"I paid for the game but I cant play anything except the tutorial. The only button I see is ""Purchase""."
76561198087602375,Recommended,231430,11311220,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,lowry.is,"my favorite strategy game of all time. online matches are always exciting and singleplayer is ok too. playing this few hours will definitely get brain sore, i like it! get it, try it."
76561198144845991,Recommended,231430,11311469,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,S4LM4N,i owned company of heroes 2 The Western Front Armies and im trying to buy  the full package i can't can you fix this issue please
76561198046156317,Recommended,231430,11310419,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,hakanday,"can play only tutorials, how's that?"
,Not Recommended,231430,30401904,Posted: 8 March,all,FappyEsports,Honestly good game. But the comunity is the worst. Call them a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ once and they start to hate to hate. Majority of the community is like less than 12 to be fair. Also the allies have no where near enough arty spam capacibility unlike their facist counterpart. Panther armor cant be pierced by jacksons. Cromwell and Shermans are literally killed easily by panzer 4s. Support guns better than howitzer. Relic needs to fix their game
76561198159901751,Recommended,231430,17734675,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,killermike,"Dont get me wrong its an entertaining game. However its horribly balanced in favor of the axis factions. As allies you know if you had not won by the 20 min mark, you'll more than likely lose. First off Axis players have access to the best machine gun in the war the mg 42 at the very start of the game. And abuse the living $#!$ out of it. Its firing arch is like 360 degrees. Its nearly impossible to flank it unless you bring up like 4 squads of infantry or a scout car. Meanwhile the soviet mg the maxim has only a 80 degree fireing arch and cant pin s%@. Not only that but axis players can just sit on their %$# and spam mg bunkers all over the map. And theres literally nothing you can do about it until you spend 310 manpower on a zis gun. And good luck keeping it alive long enough to take the bunkers out. Meanwhile the axis player by this time has a tank. Some upgraded LMG volks. And ostwind. That just destroyes everything. Its just so freaking OP. However what gives me hope for the future are constant balancing patches and  the british faction. Despite all my criticisms im hopelessly addicted to this game. 4/5 stars"
76561198124908090,Recommended,231430,16126484,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,xUbe,FOR MOTHER RUSSIA
,Recommended,231430,22566576,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Little Nonce,"Shortened Version:This game is amazing with an active community, regular updates, communication with the devs and their community as well as being a truck load of fun to play. It is set in the WW2 era which is a brilliant time for an RTS strategy game to be set. The battles feel brutal, quick and it's the closest thing you will feel to being a genuine military commander (or at least what I assume it feels like) because every move you do will be judged and can ultimately decide whether you win or lose. In other words this is a Real Time Chess match that will literally punish you for not paying attention (harsh but true, this game isnt for the RTS casual. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED MWAHAHAHHA).What is the key to getting good at this game I hear you cry? A magical formula that a lot of games nowadays seem to be drifting away from. TEAMWORK. That's right, the lovely thing you do with other people when you want to kick♥♥♥♥♥online. Seriously though guys, if you want to enjoy this game and experience it for what it should be, you need to communicate and work together. So many times i've seen people going full juggernaut and try to carry the game and then end up crying and blaming everyone else for it being their mistake and not the fact they were simply being a one man army. WAR DOESN'T WORK LIKE THAT PEOPLE! This is what most people are butthurt about; that they can't solo carry their teammates into victory.Case on point. I'm not saying i'm a professional at the game but I would say i'm pretty good. Now i've played tons of matches that I claimed were absolute goddamn ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t but realistically, after reviewing them, they were just simply better than my team. I mean you can see that everytime you lose it's because the other team were just that tiny bit better organised than you... oh and actually talked to each other!So yeah to sum up. There are microtransactions which are annoying and block a lot of cool stuff but it doesn't break the game. PLEASE ignore all the kids crying about a pay 2 win model because they are just using it as an excuse to avoid admitting they are simply bad at the game. I mean seriously, i've crushed people online that were clearly better equipped and I only had the VANILLA commanders. THERE IS NO GOD COMMANDERS just BAD PLAYERS.I thoroughly support this game and admit it's flawed but its still so goddamn beautiful. 10/10!Ranty and Longer Version:As I walk down through the valley of the shadow of this marvellous games store page, I see many biased idiots that are just butthurt because they can't git guuuuud ( or have less than 20 hours of gameplay... I mean if you listen those people then you are genuinely an idiot). Seriously though, I admit this game has flaws (which are in some cases quite bad) but the majority of the game is solid. The people that seem to be butthurt the most are those crying about microtransactions and optimisation.I mean I will address in my first point the thing that tickles everyones ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The Microtransaction model. First of all if you look at a lot of multiplayer RTS games (whose communites are actually still alive), they all have microtransactions. But sorry to burst your bubbles people but these are the days that we live and microtransactions will only increase and spread to EVERY GAME YOU KNOW AND LOVE because it's cool now. Ever since the beloved takeover of MOBA's, most games are jumping on the microtransaction bandwagon and can you blame them? I mean seriously if you were a dev and you had a game that is on the verge of hitting the F2P safety net, or quite old but having an active community and not that much revenue, you would introduce microtransactions too (and don't try roll your eyes at the screen, you know that you would so i'm sorry that I just dragged you off your high horse).Sure the microtransactions are annoying as hell but there is a simple solution; It is called getting a job :) And for all those crying about optimisation, all you need is to sell your potato craptop and buy something midrange and boom! Problem sorted! Or maybe just stop being a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥? The game looks beautiful, even on medium.Another thing I see, is that people are crying about an apparent pay2win model? I'm sorry but there is no pay 2 win model. It is all about skill and teamplay, that is what this game is all about (well multiplayer at least). The apparent ghost of a pay 2 win model is an excuse used by many to jutsify how terrible they are at the game. I mean i've been paired up with some pretty bad players in my day and who only used the basic vanilla commanders and we still steamrolled people that apprently possessed the Godtier commanders (such as the Wehrmacht Supply Doctrine or the Pershing Americans). Seriously get a few friends, play around with the commanders and see which ones complement each other and trust me you will genuinely beat the living crap out of everyone you come across (until you meet a bunch of dudes who also work as a team and are just simply better than you, trust me, it happens in every game)Furthermore, I like Relic and their updates because they do make the game alive, boosting sometimes other commanders over each other and the nerfing them after a while. This is, in my eyes a brilliant move, it means that instead of simply playing the game and going all LEEROY JENKINS, you actually have to pay attention to the updates and  find out through trial and error what is in and what is out, but you can't get too comfortable as chances are the commander that seems to be winning all your battles will get nerfed and become obsolete for a few patches before coming back. IT'S CALLED DIVERSITY PEOPLE, stop sticking to the same commander and change you game up. Not only is it fun and adventurous but it actually makes you add some more hours to the game as you will want to really see the full potential of the commander.So ignore the hate people give to the game that has no grounds (or have less than 100 hours of game played because seriously you haven't played jack♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  but then again take every review with a pinch of salt. I just told you what I think and I think this game is GREAT! Before you buy it then make sure you actually want to play in a team and are a teamplayer because if not then you will turn into one of these 'WAA WA WA this game is Pay 2 win' kids. If you can wait then wait because this game will eventually be F2P but if not then the answer is simple.... get a job!"
,Recommended,231430,22566671,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Tehhazza (IN THE U.S SLOW RESP),"Absolutly love this game, check my hours on it if you dont trust me."
,Recommended,231430,11038747,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Basshunter69™,"Company of Heroes 2 is a resounding success. It is an extremely deep, robust, and ultimately satisfying game. While the story isn't quite engaging enough, the missions are fantastic and the wealth of other gameplay options more than make up for the shortcomings. The overall complexity of the game fosters a wonderful cooperative experience that is best played to be believed. This game is highly recommended, assuming you have the rig to pull it off."
,Not Recommended,231430,21134757,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Beelze,"This is not COH2. It´s more like another version of COH1. Pretty much the same gameplay, pretty much the same units, pretty much the same maps, pretty much the same game.However, it is still a very good game."
,Not Recommended,231430,11424353,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,pdawg,It's like my♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's filled with♥♥♥♥♥♥ smells like♥♥♥♥♥♥ and tastes like♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198272747186,Recommended,231430,29411653,Posted: 21 January,all,Desert Fox,The best stratergy game in the history of Mankind. Thats all i have to say!
,Recommended,231430,18012021,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,El Sam,"Incredible. Unique. Original. Coming from someone who rarely commits to the RTS genre I have absolutely loved my time spent playing this game. It's not about who has the biggest army, it's about controlling that army. Carefully placing units into cover, building emplacements reading the flow of the game all contribute to the end result.Get this game. No matter what type of gamer you are, you will love this game."
76561198090360668,Recommended,231430,29397399,Posted: 21 January,all,Rommel,This game has more powerful cutscenes than a game with powerful cutscenes.
,Recommended,231430,23794514,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Liammalloyboy,Brilliant game
,Recommended,231430,31532579,Posted: 3 May,all,Ray P Johnson,"This WAS a good game once upon a time many moons ago,Until Relics DLC cash cow's come along to add OP faction's that throw the game completely out of balance and cause many to rage quit due  to F**ktarded things happening. There ""balance"" patches normaly f**k the game right up for a few days until a HOT fix comes out. Can work to your advantage depending on which factions you play.How this game managed to get Historical tag i do not know the allied tanks are f**king OP, the story line is made up to fit in with a charcter in the game the only thing that is historically correct about this game is the fact the germans are fight against russians americans and brits , where are the black rifle men for the americans? indians for the brits? why dont brits have the round bouy's flame thrower? why dont brits have Bazookas? Why were osteer pioneers given BB guns? i could go on all day, Weapons are nerfed and not realistic and constantly have there damage/health changed ect.How it managed to get the tag Strategy amaze's me as no one use any ever at all. Just expect MG spams followed by blobs, then tanks. (once you get used to it its easy to counter)Would i recommend this game? HmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmAll tho it f**king p****s me off some times it is a fun game to play once you get used to the ""patches"" and ""fixes"".. The online multiplay part of the game is one of the best aspects of the game for me personally and i have racked up around 3500 of my hours playing that.I do love how OP the british are Rule Britannia!.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tN9EC3Gy6Nk"
76561198040669155,Recommended,231430,13187565,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Helluvee,"Overall 7/10Solid WWII RTS.PROS:- excellent graphics- good mission variety- many ways to win, and to loseCONS- no real improvement vs the first installment- the ""storyline"" is controversial and totally unnecessary- too many dlcs only geared towards multiplayerOverallStill one of the best WWII RTS games out there, if a minor stepback when compared to the original. But, the Eastern front is fun too."
76561198006656405,Not Recommended,231430,14219375,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Lord Laramee,I got Ardennes Assault thinking it would also allow me to play MP or even off line skirimish as the Americans but it just gives you the campaign which is fun. (But after the first two times the campaign gets pretty familiar and you will have an idea where everyone is at all times. I would recommend but wait till the price drops for Ardennes Assault.
76561198288650026,Recommended,231430,31159297,Posted: 15 April,all,SHAIMOOT,the pest strategy game of all time and still for me
,Recommended,231430,11267919,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Imperator,Best strategy game.
76561198098660388,Recommended,231430,14457480,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,psjoea,good
,Recommended,231430,14457867,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Axe Wielding Englishman,Let the Germans win the battle of Stalingrad.10/10Would lose World War II again.
,Recommended,231430,10065976,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,TheIrishGhost,"This game, is just brillaint. The first one was everything you needed right there. Everything is there, its simple and you can become a pro in days from playing the campaign. The second one, shows how much difference there was in the west and east fighting. There was no paratroopers, no major tanks to use, russians used conscripts, while germans used better men than you could mast. You lost 100 men trying to kill 10. But if you are the russians, they are replacable. You called in the katyushas, to level everything. Then you brought in the big guns with kv-5s or even t-34s. The best bit of the entire game? Everything is near enough true, Now with the western front pack coming out soon, it gives you two more armies, an american and german. Cant wait, use the americans and russians vs the germans. If you love history, COH1, russians, germans, anything to do with it, then you will love this game. Those who dont like it have their reasons, i dont agree but i think its brill."
76561198074235355,Not Recommended,231430,22235088,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,... ..,"pay pay paaaay... additional pay for commanders, for missions, for campaigns... pay for dlcs inside paid dlcs. soon u will pay for music, fog of war, right clicks...the unpaid game even after i paid for it is quite boring to be sincere. way to fragmented - some lousy videos or ingame action that take forever and try really hard to be original. they fail. you play 20 minutes then back to endless irellevant cinematics. btw, three-four snipers and the scenarios become trivial."
,Recommended,231430,10727736,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Daisi Shetbag,i like the original better but this is cool once you get to know it.  Still wish it was an upgrade from the original and not so much a completely different thing.
76561198267893176,Recommended,231430,32236182,Posted: 7 June,all,DEPRESSED KID,A bit the same as the first one but you can play different countrys or nation give it9/10 IGN
76561197970918278,Recommended,231430,13636269,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,MintyFresh86,Great game & great value in the current sale! buy it before it goes!
,Recommended,231430,13645883,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Tokyo,"Never liked RTS games until I played Company of Heroes 2. The way of playing is just great. If you like WO2 games this game is made for you!It is a must for me to play more, this game is just epic."
,Recommended,231430,13642105,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Cpt.Gecko,"This is a great game, anyone that likes RTS game will love this."
,Recommended,231430,13650699,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,megamediagamer,7/10The only problem I had with the game was the graphic requirements it have very little graphical changes and it runs terrible in large battles.On the other hand the campaign was enjoyable it had it's moments.The multiplayer was frustrating at times when teammates will kill your units on purpose.All in all I recommend this for the first game fans it's had very enjoyable online and singleplayer experience.
,Recommended,231430,13651402,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,WinterFox,This game is so much fun i played it whn i was younger but lost the game then i heard about it on steam not long ago and had to buy it and its by far one of the most amazing games i have in my steam libary.
,Recommended,231430,13637932,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Cepukas,"Likw Company of heroes was best strategy game, and this one is really nice and enjoyjable it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥cost's but it's a nice game for sure. kill the red rats."
76561198076109701,Recommended,231430,12163401,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Drathar,"This is posibly the best RTS in existence purely because even if you have never played a RTS in your life you can play this, its quick and easy to learn how to play due to the simple but amazing combat and building system."
76561197995156415,Recommended,231430,12143258,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Limtube,"Great game, loved the first one, love the second one. Multiplayer is so much fun!"
,Recommended,231430,12540918,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Small.Green :D™,Execute order 227.  10/10
76561198215014381,Recommended,231430,31105814,Posted: 12 April,all,Erwin Rommel,"Dont get this game unless you get all of the dlc because it is cancer without it, but in general it is a good game, not as good as the first."
,Recommended,231430,22973307,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,-=╬SALAZAR╬=-,Great RTS game
,Recommended,231430,10711639,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PzSniper,"As a true sequel, this game moves the battle away from the common Western Front focus of World War II and refocuses on some of history’s most brutal and devastating conflicts on the Eastern Front, challenging players to take command of the iconic Red Army and repel the Nazi invaders from the very gates of Moscow.Company of Heroes 2 utilizes Relic® Entertainment’s state of the art proprietary Essence 3.0 EngineTM to bring new technological advancements to the strategy genre in the form of innovative Dynamic Battle Tactics, increased graphical fidelity and new environmental destruction, ultimately putting the player in control with new Commander Abilities! Must have!"
76561198014225997,Recommended,231430,10720132,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,SpaceCommodore,People complain a lot about this game but i find it a lot of fun. well worth the money.
76561197990738351,Not Recommended,231430,13069205,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,ckay2005,"This game is a waste of $40 PERIOD. Whoever set the AI balance is this game is nuts. Baically you have to figure out the Gimick on each map and exploit it. Meaning you will be OVER RUN each time NO MATTER WHAT! So if you like to slug it out or build and destroy this one isnt it. Poorly balanced with no real ""fighting"" just figure out the gimmick and exploit it. Sad good concept poor execution. NOT worth $40 maybe $9.99 look at the many many ratings that have been posted that have 100 hours of play time and still say the game is BULL! And sadly there right....balance issues plague this game in AI mode."
76561198069801102,Recommended,231430,21393269,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,The only row,"The game itself is pretty good, but In way I feel the first came with the eastern front mod was a bit better. However I believe the customization, the mods, and the mapmaking and/or modding tools make this game amazing and I'm hoping to see a lot more come of the game. I'd personally like to see them add more factions, but I'm pretty sure we'll never see Canada, Japan, Italy, poland, etc."
76561198259930559,Not Recommended,231430,32146149,Posted: 3 June,all,jost,"Got this game on sale with a bunch of extensions for ten bucks. There is advertising on the main menu, nagging you to buy some stuff. Apparantly there are microtransactions in the game as well. Disappointed by the stupid and unrealistic game mechanics. How this game got so high scores on reviews is beyond me, it's just tedious point and click work, no brain activity necessary. Requested a refund for the first time on steam because even on a sale, the game is not worth it."
,Not Recommended,231430,26525631,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,train conductor alex,if u like microtransactions and the unbalanced maps the a poor built AI system this game if for you
76561198046189538,Recommended,231430,5191555,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,zeniger[RUS],сильная игруха!!!заставляет думать головой!!!
76561197983645799,Recommended,231430,9175602,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Best Is On Water,"Of course I would recommend CoH2. Do you see the hours played on these people not recommending it? You don't put 300-400 hours into a bad game. Sure it has it's issues, but it's still a fun game and one of the better RTS experiences out there."
76561198027342135,Not Recommended,231430,29806489,Posted: 9 February,all,<MDF>Veldrin,"This game was so terrible that I only played two matches with my friend and totaled 1.1 hrs in. The game is far from what it use to be and to me seams like it is nothing but an over priced and fancy arcade game. This game is just no good.... no good at all. You have to buy DLC's to play as the US? Who's freaking idea was that? Just terrible people. Go back and play the first one, that one was worth playing."
,Recommended,231430,9089126,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Warmarine,"Company of Heroes 2 is what I'd consider a great RTS game to deserve the title: Sequel to the best RTS game of all time. Often I hear so many people say how the game supposedly is dumb down or is just COH1 with reskin. I consider this nonsense since the game offers alot of things that are considered new and enjoyable to the game.1.The graphics look amazing, even when compare to the original.2.I love the new mechanics that add new tactics to the game, Especially how the map's settings can affect the game with blizzards and such3.Although I haven't beaten the game's campaign, I tend to ignore the accuracy of the campaign and found it enjoyable. Even so, if you don't enjoy the campaign, there's always the theatre of war which people say is far better.4.yes, this game has lots of dlc, but no one is forcing you to buy the dlc and the dlcs are not ""Pay to Win"" dlc but rather Cosmetic dlc. At least dlcs aren't charging you money for stuff like maps like the Men of War dlcs.5.AI is fantastic. They provide enough challange for you when you play skrimish to prepare you for mulitplayer.6.The music, although not the best of 2013, was still really good."
,Recommended,231430,10788949,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Akira49,"An amazing RTS game. Interesting thing, for the first time in my WW2 gaming experience, Polish Home Army was mentioned for the first time. They've been oppising occupants since Germans and Russians conquered Poland. After the war the Home Army (AK -Armia Krajowa) was hunted by communists to be executed or transferred to labor-camps. I like true thing about USSR army, they had no moral obligations, just pure criminals. After all the game is very good and interesting. The main candy is multiplayer which is amazing. Of course the game has it's flaws. I recommend this game to everyone who likes RTS games."
76561198133915891,Not Recommended,231430,30842534,Posted: 30 March,all,HOT MAYONNAISE,crahes every FIVE ♥♥♥♥ING MINUTES!
,Recommended,231430,12107148,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,fika.,super fun :) get in 9/10... also achievements!
76561197976855276,Not Recommended,231430,30288859,Posted: 2 March,all,the_bastarded_one,this game isnt anywhere near as good as the first game and the dlc is mostly just lazy garbage and multiplayer content. on top of that the master collection actually leaves some dlc out so you have to get it seperately. be warned.
,Recommended,231430,12528337,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,可爱的美女 (Cute Girl),"Nice Games many tactics new units, better experience if u purchase west front DLC. I think adapt is require for some Player who have played Company Of Heroes from relic. Great game, this game is ♥♥♥♥in worthy."
,Recommended,231430,15472333,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,[Sturm] Gov't Issue,"YOU DO NOT NEED TO PURCHASE ANYTHING MORE THAN THE BASE GAME TO PLAY EFFECTIVELY. THE WHERMACHT AND THE USSR ARE WELL ABLE TO HANDLE ANY OTHER FACTIONS.I play as all the factions really, but in matchmaking i tend to play allies to find a match more quickly.The Allies take more micromanaging but are more numerous and vet up quickly, the Axis are elite, but expensive.To play allies effectively requires more babysitting and therefore in my opinionmore skill.The people complaining of a pay wall are all hung up on their opinions. In THEIR OPINION the ""best"" commanders are premium (Ahem, US Forces...) but other than the brand new factions that is hardly true. i have spent about $40 dollars on this game and have most (85% or so) of the commanders, all of tthe factions, and both campaigns, and quite a few vehicle skins. i havnt bought the theater of war packs. Yes there is a bit of random sprinkled inand it isnt the absolute most realistic simulator game out there, but it is in its base form a well put together, butiful, relatively poorly optimized, game. The USSR campaign while fun and theatrical goes way off the deepend. Theater of war is fun and adds campaign-like challenges that you can complete either solo, with an ai teammate or with a friend.All in all im not sure its still a $40 game but for <$20 its a steal."
76561198057035592,Recommended,231430,13190068,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Benjamin Linus,shining example of what an RTS game should be. a mix of classic mechanics with new features and technology.
76561198156556247,Recommended,231430,12418598,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,POLICE CADET,not bad its a little different than coh 1 but so far i have only played a few games and now cant reach relic servers It looks like that is a common occurance from what i have read wish i could play us campain but have to wait for november oh well
76561198044986135,Not Recommended,231430,19470847,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,NeilsAfro,"pay 40 dollar, get demo to company of heroe 2 then see how c00ol all the other stuff is lol so pat another 100 dolare for american infantry but they♥♥♥♥♥♥????????????game is an actual rip off"
,Recommended,231430,9940305,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Idioteque126678,"Beatifully crafted RTS game - Company of Heroes 2 is without a  doubt the best World War 2 game out there, and also one of the best RTS's out there, too. I had an amazing experience just playing about 5 matches, which turned into 10 and 15 and so on. CoH2 has decent unit movement and a medium variety of units - and ""special attacks"", like dropping a incedinary bomb over a group of enemy soldiers. This game also has alot of detail that really immerse you into the game so much more - like shooting artillery at an ice covered lake with enemy units on the lake and destroying the ice so they all drown, which also benefits the strategical factor, too. Oh, and dont let me forget about the winter blizzards in the game, which are pretty impressive and while playing in those it immerses me into the game as if I were to be on the battlefield. Also, the unit design, graphics, physics and explosions are also some amazing features of this game. I was never really into RTS's before playing this game, but now I am. CoH2 also has a negative side - but don't let that let you down. The negative side is that the game has extremely OP units (but there is a balanced amount of OP units on each side). Some of the OP units will just absolutely destroy you - or wont get destroyed. One of the OP units I can name is the German mortar half-tracks, get about 3-4 of these and some other ground units, and you win. The half-tracks have a decent mortar firerate, but the big thing is the incidenary shells, which cover a decent bit of the map and completely cockblock you or gobble you up in flames. The last negative thing about this game is the lack of balance. i.e. get one flak tank and use it for ground units and you are practically indestructable to them, until they bring out their tanks. That may not sound bad but if you spend almost all your recources on soldiers then you'll be dissapointed when you meet a flak tank - although normal soldiers can get handheld explsoives that will slighlty damage it. That is all I have to say about the negative side about this game, but I assure you that by playing this game, you wont regret a second. Have fun!"
76561197996816279,Not Recommended,231430,32178571,Posted: 4 June,all,Darman426,"Doesnt work. Relic is just selling a game that aparently had that precise issue for 3y and does nothing to fix it. Nonetheless i found a solution, and not thanks to Relic help center ! I had to use some tool found on the internet to make the game work. It probably means that there are people who care more about CoH2 than their owners... Thanks."
,Not Recommended,231430,12519385,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,bubbz,I don't think any game will ever capture my imagination like CoH 1 did. 2 doesn't have the same appeal. It's a great game 'n all... but I still play CoH.
,Recommended,231430,12504636,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Kocaer,hard to get accustomed for newbies. but it s a good game.
,Not Recommended,231430,12513483,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Pardaillan,Unnecessarily hard. Lacks first game play thrill
76561198095507414,Recommended,231430,12106425,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,buggathelot,"Great game to play that is always improving. love the new maps, kepp them coming.cheers"
76561198057152772,Recommended,231430,11885992,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,RC-1262,"This game is very fun and addicting, the singleplayer campaign is awesome, the multiplayer features is cool too also if coupled with the new expansions ""Western Fronts Armies"" it makes for some fun time. i recommend this to both RTS fans and World War 2 Fans :)"
76561197980835378,Not Recommended,231430,18429549,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Flyswatter,"the game is good but...Sega keep making poor updats which almost always fail to work properly. Almoste every time the update fails and in order to make COH 2 work again i need to uninstall the whole game.  For people with good internet connection and who pay a limited fee per month to their isp that may be acceptable on occasion. But for people like me who has a very slow connection and has to pay per MB i download every single update that Sega/Steam makes efficiently costs me money. Although i already paid for the game i full. Arguably one could say i should get a better internet connection and that it is not Sega/Steam who should resolve this. But it actually is Sega´s thing to resolve since it is not an option to NOT update the game. Unless you constantly play disconnected (but then the achievemnts/experience dont count).The thing is that the game work fine for the type of games i play. I dont need any updates. So the whole thing could be resolved by making an option like ""I dont want to update this game"" available instead of constantly forcing people to update. This way Sega/Steam actually would put the player first.  But given that most updates simply are more ""sales/discounts/advertisment"" the updates really have little meaning to most players.So, due to malfunctioning and useless updates, a big thumb down for COH 2 as a whole."
76561197993364997,Not Recommended,231430,19698620,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,/RaWr/ knight,"Garbage game.Recommend you stick to the original COH, and avoid this piece of crap. All you'll lose out on is the slight graphics upgrade. But that's okay because the improved graphics is just gloss on a turd.Normally I'd say to give it a little while for Relic to fix all the balance issues and make this a fun PvP experience, but considering their pseudo-microtransaction pay-to-win content/DLC bull$hit, it's clear they've sold out.That is all."
76561198007717237,Not Recommended,231430,17298430,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,019,"I tried to like it for 50 hours, but it is complete crap."
76561197992629267,Not Recommended,231430,28562869,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Shane,once watched 1 basic german infantry take out 3 squads of british infantry coh1 is much better
,Recommended,231430,13821003,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,c0nStrict,"Very strategic with unique play style. The game is based entirely on cover system, so rushing isn't really a key factor in this game. You need positioning & the element of surprise pretty much. Grenades, mines, & traps can stop your opponent a ton but placing them in the right spots gives you the upper hand. The game is somewhat balanced but there's always going to be one unit you're going to absolutely despise beyond anything in any RTS title. The servers are pretty good too, I haven't lagged out of games or anything. Sometimes if an opponent or your teammate leaves there is a chance you can drop from the game but it can be entirely based on your pc or internet speed. My favorite faction is the Oberkommando West because they're very strong mid to late game if you play your cards right. They can rush early game but are a little slow compared to the other factions in the beginning. They definitely gain aggresion later on which is what I like. I like the fact of proxying bases on any part of your territories. It's pretty cool because you can use your bases as a distraction when the enemy is trying to take a point. It gives you a ton of vision but without those buildings the Oberkommando are nothing. It will always be my favorite faction, and the germans in general are just the right fit for me. I occasionaly play allies as the new British expansion came out but for now my main choice will be the germans. Definitely pick this game up if you love RTS games, I guarantee you wont be dissapointed. Realistic: 10/10 | Gameplay: 10/10 | Mechanics: 8/10 Definitely worth purchasing if you're into WW2."
76561198109339407,Recommended,231430,10833705,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,LordChaos,"To The Critics out their who dislike this game and don't wish to play, don't bother wasting time looking or viewing it. I think CO2 is one of the greateast RTS Games of its time and genre. Not only that you get witness history unfold before the U.S Armed Forces got invovled with WWII. I think They should continue the seires and come out with a prequel and a conclusion to where Japan and Germany make their final stand when all is lost! So I suggest if your WWII Stragety fan? Buy this game, its Worth it!"
76561198006551805,Recommended,231430,15827052,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,MickyDrip,good
,Not Recommended,231430,17218053,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,uraymeiviar,"no ranked match and leaderboard, so its pretty useless, better play COH-1 instead"
,Not Recommended,231430,14662501,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,puykonig,"Company of Heroes 2 - Ardennes Assault wish i read and follow the game. I was just waiting for REAL german campaign. Saw Company of Heroes 2 - Ardennes Assault, Here thinking O yes German campaign Hence ""Ardennes Assault"" buy it play it and i start with US side. WTF!. Why didnt they Name is "" Ardennes defense"" here waing yet again and wasted money. with COH2 and now  Ardennes Assault. BOOOOOOOOOOO"
76561198208228556,Recommended,231430,14696520,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Sassy,i love coh2 i have combined on my 2 accounts over 500 hours of play and have barely played any other games all year i recommend it massivly as it is a great game and has good multipayer values i would like to see british forces added in like coh 1 and japenese as i think it would give more play abilaty and also allow for jungle maps and so fourth and also add in more commaders for us and okw as they have been out for over 8 months and maybe a soviet air force commader and a soviet navy commader.
,Recommended,231430,10040101,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Kaeos,"Just wanted to edit my original review on COH2 since Western Armies expansion released..The game hands down rocks now... I am so glad the game turned around for not just the better, but the BEST CoH experience ever! It's now on par and getting better than the Blitzkrieg mod. The new ""War Spoils"" feature is a ton of fun and some of the best unlocks in the game will only come from these crates at the end of each match. Looking for the ultimate RTS game for hours upon hours of fun? Into WW2 themed combat? After just about a year of mediocrity, I'm finally glad to see this game become what it is today since CoH1 was my favorite game of ALL-TIME and now COH2 just took the throne with the expansion/updates. Great job Relic, it's about freakin' time!!!!--Original Review--CoH2 is finally coming around.. the latest patches have fixed many problems regarding game balance, interface improvements, etc. Also the new US expansion should be out this summer. I do however think that SEGA needs to ditch the DLC model.. skins that should have been in the game, remixes of commanders that don't add new or very limited abilities needs to go. I don't mind paying for moderately sized expansions but nickel and diming needs to go... I also can't stand how out of almost all of the games I own, this is the ONLY game that will outright NOT support SLI for dual video card setups. Nvidia/Relic/Sega needs to figure this out because quite honestly, I'm just going to stop spending the money on a secondary video card if the software doesn't support them. What's the point?Other than these inconveniences, the game is getting better especially with the tons of maps from the Steam Workshop. Think about the DLC though for one minute... paid for skins and commander cards.. adding little value to the game but tons of maps and eventually mods that will be free.. Why would anyone spend money on skins when the mods will be free and possibly better than the original? Think Blitzkrieg mod for example... anyone still interested in paying for a commander card?"
76561198021700691,Not Recommended,231430,14292805,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Crom,COH is so much better the CoH 2 I dont even know where to start on just how much better it is.
,Not Recommended,231430,21484525,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,GoDskillzz,this game gave me cancer
,Recommended,231430,28182728,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Crumbtis,Worth the price! Worth my life hours! Worth my PC space!
76561198014880157,Not Recommended,231430,24983215,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Moreau,"The game itself is enjoyable, solid graphics as far as terrain goes and a well constructed feel overall but let down by 'alternate history'Germans.Others recommend this game and I was swayed by this in my decision to buy the game and now in many ways wish I had not.No fully working mod tools exist for this game and worse  still is Relic seem to have deliberately disabled most of the mod tools functions in a Dec 13 patch in a bid to halt modding of the game.Existing mods reedit vanilla files nothing new in the way of models or skins can be added for infantry.The vanilla skins/models for the Germans are utter rubbish and look little like the German army of the period.The devolpers Relic have tried to make a World War 2 game but it's not historically accurate, they went down the road of politically correctness and the game falls flat on its face as a result.The 'Germanesque' armies uniform skins and character models are tragic and can't be replaced because of the broken Editor.Historical flags, runes and rank badges were never implimented by Relic for fear of law suits and or offending people which is the deal breaker for me.If you are offended by this sort of stuff wtf are you doing playing wold War 2 games anyway? It's history and should not be banned in wargames.Worse still actual current neo-nazi content is available in steam workshop while the actual historical stuff seems to be forbidden.Avoid this game if you are seeking any form of visual realism concerning the German army it will drive you nuts if you are a wargamer."
76561198061996347,Recommended,231430,24110132,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Elgnid,.
76561198025241000,Recommended,231430,25204834,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,M.BadassVNeKoZzZz,a Damn good game
76561198065942641,Not Recommended,231430,24602448,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Cirian,"I can recommend the game but not the way it is sold. You pay for bits of the game: commanders, missions, standalone packs, etc. Disgusting..."
,Not Recommended,231430,14430347,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Rob,The first one was way better. Buy that instead.
,Recommended,231430,18793833,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ФИАСКОMEN,"The story is not true, it was not so, and in general, the game is excellent"
76561198117242132,Recommended,231430,15085543,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Pls,Killed Nazi's9/11
76561198082014418,Not Recommended,231430,21310611,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,TACTICS,"Game is unbalanced for team games, German = easy mode team stomp and USF/soviets = micro your♥♥♥♥♥off. ♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198124186519,Not Recommended,231430,21351974,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,b2woodstock,"this is a good game.  HOWEVER, Oberkommando West stopped playing when I play with friends and only works when I play solo.I haven't been able to get this to work. I would like to re-download but there is no instructions to do so. It says I downloaded a mod that is incompatible with other players. I have no idea what it's talking about. Through help I checked and there are no downloaded mods.In the final comment, I paid for this to work and it doesn't."
,Not Recommended,231430,21330311,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,karl,i bought this game with real money there is so much content in the game cannot be unlocked onless you buy ityou get to a point in the game were you cant progress onless you use real money ( again ) ....after paying for this game i dont feel like i got the game i feel like i got a demo of it and i need to spend way more to get the real gamei think it was a dirty trick to play on there fans and i would have no problem spending money on any game i play i will not be spending another cent on this game for that reasonthe game could be great but between 5 and 7 euro each unlockable its just not worth it
76561198209000379,Recommended,231430,21706646,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,ChickenL3gz,"Unsure why people complain about NEEDING to buy DLC content you can just unlock everything along the way, at higher levels what generals you have dont mean squat when it really comes down to it."
76561198149009517,Recommended,231430,22552921,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Cpl_Kelly,This game is awesome :D oora guys :D
,Recommended,231430,14678429,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Jacque Cousteau,Investigate 9/11
76561197974852656,Recommended,231430,13425444,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,ize,"I highly recommend this game. It requires a constant amount of thinking and and inventing, especially in multiplayer. Its the first RTS that I've played more seriously."
,Recommended,231430,22555137,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,[RedR] pes7,I really love this game!
,Recommended,231430,22575440,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Lawrence JM 99,Good game to bad their a lot of pay to win in it. their should at least be a few freebies but no gotta pay pay pay
76561198063913244,Recommended,231430,22518243,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Mr.DoctorScience,"This game is a money grab, true. But it is a heck of a lot of fun with your buddies. You got friends? get this game. Dont have friends but lots of money get this game. If wasnt such a money grab it be my favorite RTS it already is close to being that but money grabs are bad. So do it. Just waited for a sale. And you can to."
76561198108077384,Recommended,231430,9005079,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,I.N.H.,that sucks! i download it and doesnt work!
76561197983129185,Recommended,231430,34535512,Posted: 27 August,all,Protez,nice game
,Recommended,231430,34406675,Posted: 21 August,all,Gunznbuttaz,"Even better than the first CoH but held back but all the paid DLC's and even worse pay to win microtransactions. Multiplayer is probably the best RTS experience anywhere and their is a large, active community still in the realm of 6k players a day during peak times. Don't get me wrong I would still recommend this game to anyone asking if it is worth it just be aware that the cost kind of sneaks up on you even if you get the actual game and expansions on sale. The player base certainly isn't going anywhere unless maybe a CoH 3 gets released but with the news about Age of Empires 4 coming out it doesn't look like that's about to happen anytime soon."
76561197995446401,Not Recommended,231430,14633268,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Moscow Grizzly,"Чудовищная сюжетная часть. Ощущение, что писал сценарий лично Гитлер."
76561198031595516,Recommended,231430,31386115,Posted: 26 April,all,Tecumseh,masterpiece.
76561198078885643,Recommended,231430,13356648,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Night Angel,you got to get this game no matter what new games i get i all ways end up going back to coh2 its probly 1 of the best rts in the market at the time relic really knows how to make a rts
76561198133170383,Not Recommended,231430,17007609,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,N12K-Toxic Wasteland,"This is a game I hate if you know anything about it you hated it or didn’t care but this game is made for Nazis and made from gerbols work or example burning building with civilians inside them, burning the fields with your own men on them. This game should of been a first person shooter that should be about the battle of Stalingrad and talk about how the on the first day of the bombing the Germans destroyed 86% of the buildings and have the entire game centred on the battle of Stalingrad and end when the IV army was Demolished . This is game isn’t worth my 200 hours or so into this game I would not recommend this to Russians , slaves and everyone else accept Nazis.Heres a qoute from the main Charater to please you nazis‘Millions died to raise that flag, the irony was that Hitler didn’t use the Reichstag since he came to power all those graves just for a photograph'And here a video with some evidence showed by justin bieberhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2m4SCUaBHS8"
,Recommended,231430,14814262,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,KönigsTiger,"The bar which all RTS games are compared to, and should strive to achieve. RTS perfection."
,Recommended,231430,34709201,Posted: 3 September,all,LHFTNP,Takes a while to learn the controls and gameplay but other than that its a good game!
76561198088776362,Not Recommended,231430,22580362,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Draconis,"This game is very bi-polar, it's a beautiful game, very asthetically pleasing, very immersive and historical. The gameplay captures the strategy and tactics, and the feel of World War 2. However the game mechanics involve a lot of really annoying RNG and unrealistic features, especially when it comes to the British.Lelic has secret documents revealing that the Bofors AA gun can fire High velocity shells as an artillery suppressive barage, because logic.Secret documents also reveal that the Germans did not execute the Mentally ill, no instead they trained them as tank crews.Other secret documents show features that no one but Relic knows about history like...-the Vickers, (a WW1 machine gun) was apparently the best machine gun of World War 2.-British emplacements can ""brace"" making the people in them completely invincible no matter how much you set them on fire or blow them up. #realism-The Churchill was actually just as well armored as a King Tiger, so the British can get a faster equivalent of a tiger, but it also has a flamethrower that kills all infantry in a 25 meter radius instantly, making it invulnerable.-The AVRE has better armor than a sturm tiger, and also has the same blast radius when it fires (even tho it didn't IRL) and it can move faster, also doesn't have to stop when it reloads (but the sturm tiger does)-The German Pak 43 emplacement can shoot through buildings and hedgerows, apparently the Germans had rail gun superlaser technology.-The Comet Tank was barely produced in WW2, but in this game it's the backbone of the British, it's the strongest medium tank in the game, by far. There is not a single German heavy tank I would want more than the Comet Tank, it's as well armored as a panther, but can throw grenades at infantry, and do emergency wartime speed, turning it into an invincible race car.-RNG in this game is really bad, makes for scenarios in which a T-34 will beat a Panther in a 1v1 (this actually happened to me) which shouldn't happen because panther's are twice as expensive (and the Germans literally built them to counter allied tanks like the T-34)-RNG will also screw you over with indirect fire, especially as Germany, because of your small 4 man squads, and the fact that they really like to all clump up, RNG will often cause a mortar or rocket artillery to instantly squad wipe your men.-Hit boxes in the environment are terrible, after a buidling gets destroyed it's hitboxes are still up, resulting in incredibly annoying incidents such as a bombing run that doesn't hit the men you targeted, instead it hits the invisible building and the bombs literally explode from impacting the air (has happened to me several times and can ruin a game.-The Oberkommando West was actually a late-war German army but in this game they don't get the MG 42, they only get the MG 34, and all of the Allied MGs are better, even though all of the Allied MGs are from WW1 and the German ones were the best ones in actual history.-last but not least pathfinding, it's not just the German tanks who's crews are mentally ill, every tank in this game struggles to figure out how to drive, often doing things like randomly deciding to confront an enemy tank by reversing into it and asking to get it's engine destroyed instantly. Or when you ask it to reverse out of a hot spot, it decides to do a random 360 for no reason, and then reverse, and in most cases it will be destroyed in the time it takes to turn around. The worst is when there are two tanks within the same square mile, they are bound to run into eachother and then take the next 10 minutes to figure out how to get around eachother, so most of the time they will stop and continue to turn back and forth, failing to actually go wherever you told them to, and likely dying while they sit there uselessly.-infantry pathfinding is appalling too, first of all there are many glitches in which infantry will get stuck on a clump of trees just because the obstacle boxes on the environment are way too bug, even though visually it looks like it would be perfectly possible for the infantry to get out of there. Support teams like mortar and MG crews will often wait 5-10 seconds to pack up their weapons and retreat, which means they will often sit there under fire or literally standing in a field of lava from incendiary artillery, but won't reatreat as you told them too until after they are dead. Infantry also sometimes continue in their state of ""retreat"" even after they get back to your base, so you can't use them for the rest of the game and they are just sitting there hogging up population. The retreat pathing is the single most appalling thing in the game. The retreat pathing is so simple even I could have coded it, all infantry do when you tell them to retreat is take the closest path toward your base, which means in a lot of cases they will ""retreat"" toward the enemies that are shooting at them. I'm sure you can imagine how well that ends up going.For a game that has so much potential to represent the feel of World War 2 combat, this game fails, there's so many gameplay nuisances that make this game geared much more toward luck than skill. Which is not the way an RTS should be. World War 2 certainly had a lot of RNG involved realistically, but not to this extreme, there were reasons besides pure luck and unrealisitc ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that the Allies won, but that's not simulated in this game.Despite my constant bashing on how OP allied factions are , I'm not biased, I don't actually just play Germans even though that's what it looks like, I have extensive experience in my 400 hours playing with all 5 of the factions, and the U.S. is my favorite, but the game is way too unbalanced that I don't enjoy either side, I feel like a hacker playing as the invincible British, and even the Germans have really annoying things they can do like building the Pak 43 rail cannon that can phase through buildings. I'm tired of dealing with how annoying the gameplay features, bugs, and RNG is in this game, don't look at my time played, it's 400 hours too many, I'm uninstalling the game, wish I could get my money back."
,Not Recommended,231430,21594416,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,xHaaZeeL,Meh
,Recommended,231430,8420920,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ツ Dr. Xaegant ★★★,"Like the old times Company of heroes 2 bring the epic and historian battle of the world, This is the kind of rts that everyone likes build an army. Multiplayer games is awesome but for me the must see is the Theaters of war this game mode you will learn the history and its burns your time. You need strategy think carefully what you need to do. I recommend this game to all ww2 fanatics!"
,Not Recommended,231430,28840693,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Multihack,"It's a game you'll love to play that's for sure, unfortunately it suffers from greed. Grab it on sale and leave them a negative review to get your point across."
,Recommended,231430,34394664,Posted: 21 August,all,Stalin,"Good game, must buy with all DLC and play with a good graphic card for best gaming experience"
,Not Recommended,231430,10822840,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ex,Action game for kids.
76561198154287202,Not Recommended,231430,21516314,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,xKIDCHILDxOpera,For a 3 year old game..... the price needs to go down.....
,Recommended,231430,21259028,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Yakusuklujojukム [PG],Güzel oyun alın ama 59 tl verilmez şuan indirimde şimdi alacaksanız alın
76561197970519583,Recommended,231430,14456263,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Mad.Marco,Best Military Multiplayer RTS on the Market besides the original.
76561197972446573,Recommended,231430,11524443,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Azrell,good times.
,Not Recommended,231430,21289641,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,T0rG4L,"Full price game with DLC after DLC, pay2win commanders...  Microtransactions everywhere Unbalanced and @#$@ IA...Support companies that are worth it. COH2 is a joke do not buy it"
,Recommended,231430,21293024,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Naessaer,"This expansion allows you to play the good ol' US of A and take it to those Krauts. There's nothing quite like the feeling of having a Browning 50 hold down a group of germans while flanking and opening up on them with this brand new, amazing piece of all American technology called the Browning Assult Rifle. Watch 'em run, watch 'em fall, watch those Krauts catch a grenade, this is the European Olympics.Tell ya what there sir, you may be thinking to yourself, ""Well I don't want to get in there and run around with a rifle, I want to be somewhere safe!"" Then I tell you what, you sign yourself up for the 7th armored and lay into those Krauts with some of the latest and greatest tanks that the United States has to offer. You may be sayin' to yourself, ""What about those scary Panzers?"" Those sour Krauts won't know what hit 'em when with you sittin' behind the sights of a M36 Jackson tank destroyer.I tell you what, you're lookin' to be an officer son? Well I tell you what, you'll get your fair share of action right on the front lines! We give you the training, the know-how, but by golly, God Almighty will look down upon you and your titanic steel balls as you take up your BAR and mow down them Nazi's. Now, I know you're thinking, ""What about the senior officers, won't they send me to die?"" No son! They're on the field with you. The Cap over there's got a couple of Bazookas, though I think the Major got lost from the command post. He's runnin' around out there with a 1911 like he's going to march up there and shoot Hitler himself. You want to know a secret son? That's exactly what he's gonna do when he calls in that artillery strike.UNCLE SAM NEEDS YOU! JOIN THE US ARMY TODAY!"
76561197992229015,Recommended,231430,17932870,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Dire,"Short review:CoH 2: Worth it. Cool campaign, etc.All the DLC: Not worth it imho. Bunch of boring mission packs.MP DLC: That's gotta be your decision if you want to play MP, I don't, so IDC.Ardennes Assault: ♥♥♥♥ that. Only worth it at great discount for SP. The ""campaign"" is boring and pretty standard, a few nice missions, the rest are skirmishes...bloody skirmishes. And you also need to win on a Meta map, so if you lose too many men overall you can simply lose the whole campaign (since restarting a map is not possible). It's an interesting idea, but I'd like it as a separate mode not as a campaign. Oh, the final mission crashed on me right after victory, so ♥♥♥♥ you, game."
76561197970601640,Not Recommended,231430,30821831,Posted: 29 March,all,ManInTheBoat,The fact that this game comes in at around £354 ($440 at todays rates) for the full game alone make me rate this game -354/10Thieves
,Recommended,231430,18224283,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,РlayэяOnё☭CheekiБreekSlav,The best modern micro managment RTS
76561198007135303,Not Recommended,231430,8990611,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,seawolf156,"Poorly done re-hash of the original game. Feels like stuff is missing, units are interesting but lacking. Multiplayer with firends is fun."
76561198079767026,Recommended,231430,12987331,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Bobo,Great game but it would have been nice if Relic had decided to stick with just the eastern side of the war instead of consentrating on giving us more Stars and Stripes DLC. There were so many more countries involved in the war yet it seems that only three of them actually participated in it. Would be nice to see more allied or axis forces like China and Japan or heavens forbid make a Canadian force to play.
76561198174093618,Recommended,231430,14580616,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Cpl Joseph Porta,You will need a good pc to run this on good settings.
,Recommended,231430,14579648,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,iNVoice*,"I actually love this game. From the very first moment that i had the option to try it out i decided to buy it. Great Graphics, Amazing Content. A classic title.Totally Recommended"
76561198084036334,Recommended,231430,32061500,Posted: 30 May,all,Somalian Pirate,Good RTS game but stop releasing so much paid DLC8/10
,Recommended,231430,13280102,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Caaaaww™,"Fun game, good purchase, yes!"
76561198050212283,Not Recommended,231430,32826948,Posted: 26 June,all,Dondog,"Pretty fun game. ruined by constant reference to microtransactions and an aimless skinner box. Very pretty and intense gameplay, but it feels way too balanced to be historically accurate. I know historical accuracy isnt what everyone is after but it was the bloody war, you should be accurate. Large amounts of the actual fun parts of the game are locked away behind paywalls, finding yourself with nothing overly fun for half the armies unless you pay with money or the rest of your life grinding.Tech support is useless. They dont understand the problems you present, even though its their game, they are slow to respond and sarcastic.Good game, but ruined, I wont play it."
76561198183206529,Not Recommended,231430,32826964,Posted: 26 June,all,austin0204,"I somewhat enjoy this game however all the extra stuff is ridiculous and the unit systems are trash, just give me access to the majority of the units and have extra stuff with commanders but now you need commanders for just a heavy tank and medium tanks like wtf?! those are basic units, now for advanced infantry like paratroopers and rangers those should be with commanders. but all in all it plays decent however it gets boring as the AIs do the same thing no matter what their difficulty. build crap MG nests and attack, thats it. no defensive lines or fortifications"
76561198090152307,Recommended,231430,14693555,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,RUMPLESTILTZKIN,great game- wish there were about 10X the available perks to keep things interesing
,Not Recommended,231430,32362962,Posted: 12 June,all,minizw,中国上海200m光纤连不上服务器。建议想要购买朋友自己买vpn，不然只能玩单机还没有经验。
76561198048443342,Not Recommended,231430,14737180,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,[REDi]1R PTE MaddogXD,i cant ♥♥♥♥ing play the game so how am i ment to describe♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198036866721,Not Recommended,231430,14733935,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Sterdogg,"still to this day it is plagued with game breaking bugs. fun at times but for the money they charge, its should be fixed and complete. classic walletrape."
76561198082418700,Not Recommended,231430,14734741,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,SWIFT,played well for the first year.Then i encountered installation after installation issue then wetern front american rifles had texture issue.so ive given up.This game was a pile of crap not worth the money repitive same game as last in seires
,Recommended,231430,10515991,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Pssquadou,"First of, I am a Company of heroe fan, so I'm a bit biased.So, This game is very good. Meaning it's the same thing as Company of heroes 1, almost exacly aside some tweaking like a winter mecanic, a leveling system and instead of Doctrines you get Generals. It just brings the story the the east side of Europe. If you liked COH you will most likely like COH2.Now, the side I'm meh with, microtransactions. I'm not against skins and blings. But the Downside is some Generals are up for sale. If you want more crazy ability's you will have to pay between 3$ to5$ per General. And this affects multiplayer gameplay.To conclude, you want to play the Campaign, co-op with your friends, GREAT game. If you feel like competing against other players get ready to drop extra $$ and level up your abilities."
,Recommended,231430,24142262,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Darg,"Auf der Heide blüht ein kleines Blümeleinund das heißt: Erika.Heiß von hunderttausend kleinen Bieneleinwird umschwärmt Erikadenn ihr Herz ist voller Süßigkeit,zarter Duft entströmt dem Blütenkleid.Auf der Heide blüht ein kleines Blümeleinund das heißt: Erika.n der Heimat wohnt ein kleines Mägdeleinund das heißt: Erika.Dieses Mädel ist mein treues Schätzeleinund mein Glück, Erika.Wenn das Heidekraut rot-lila blüht,singe ich zum Gruß ihr dieses Lied.Auf der Heide blüht ein kleines Blümeleinund das heißt: Erika.In mein'm Kämmerlein blüht auch ein Blümeleinund das heißt: Erika.Schon beim Morgengrau'n sowie beim Dämmerscheinschaut's mich an, Erika.Und dann ist es mir, als spräch' es laut:""Denkst du auch an deine kleine Braut?""In der Heimat weint um dich ein Mägdeleinund das heißt: Erika."
,Recommended,231430,22988599,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,c r y s t a l. ケーキ,"Lot of recent flak lately about the DLC. The base game is already cheap! We want Relic to keep pumping great content out for this game and the way they implemented their store system is great and I have no trouble paying!There is a huge online competitive scene in this game, and if the game isn't profitable and no content is made then it will get stale fast.I've been playing this game since it's release and there really is nothing like it, no other game gives me the type of 'rush' this one does."
,Not Recommended,231430,22518633,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Dogebert,"A shell of it's former self.  It's got all the characteristics of a F2P game without the ""Free"" part."
76561198049638185,Not Recommended,231430,17290201,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,capt_x13,why cant i play the russian campaign after i added the us faction
76561198041148826,Not Recommended,231430,22409338,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,HUEHUE,stupid game i ever play . worst than Coh 1 . SEGA suck !!!STUPID ♥♥♥♥ SEGA FROM TOTAL WAR TO COH > U RUIN THE ♥♥♥♥ING NICE GAME U ♥♥♥♥ING IDIOTS > ONLY KNOW ABOUT ♥♥♥♥ING PROFIT >♥♥♥♥ UUUUUU
76561198036337622,Recommended,231430,31636733,Posted: 8 May,all,Piddlywink,"Loved the first expansion, second expansion has been bugs left and right and not able to complete the single player campagin due to crashes.I recommend the first expansion, and none of the others. (which most are for multiplayer not single player)"
,Recommended,231430,35248635,Posted: 27 September,all,End uwu,i dont even have the game nor have i ever played it but i can write a review for itedit: i bought it now
,Recommended,231430,26668765,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,[◣╬◢] Alice Shimada,"love this game, but some factions still need balancing like Ost for example. Unit re-enforcement is riddiculous high , one of the most expensive faction to play. upkeep is riddiculous high too"
76561198059159906,Recommended,231430,20048571,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Anal Thunder❤,9/11 would bang
76561198163961238,Not Recommended,231430,21553094,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,scorpions,bad game
76561198111216331,Recommended,231430,25408077,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,GetRekT,why i cant play multiplayer its say minimum of one multiplayer army but ijust bought the game
76561198248364586,Recommended,231430,25376231,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,sonictadpole,amazing
,Recommended,231430,25373396,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Can Sir,10/10 would rush capture points again
,Recommended,231430,28550965,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,OzziBoi,Tea? Or something stronger?
,Recommended,231430,25512823,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,MongolEvil,nice game
76561198068034951,Recommended,231430,23199837,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,GRC-300 ARMY,where can i find deathmatch maps 2vs2 ?
76561198047617313,Not Recommended,231430,22326015,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Bloo Flar3,It needs window or Window borderless. I have not finished a single match as it always crashes.
,Recommended,231430,22745801,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,MCLK,i once lost an objective to th british.i never saw anything else than mortar11/9 Would RPG again
,Recommended,231430,23733586,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,emul,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198261396635,Recommended,231430,24070819,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,c4r4al,Ich mag Karten mit Brücken!
76561198002458461,Recommended,231430,22751675,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Commander Keen,I have a lot of fun playing it with friends.
,Not Recommended,231430,24753326,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,oneshotkyle,"This game plays in such a way that the loser dosn't get to have fun, either be a total♥♥♥♥♥and win the game with annoying tactics or lose, end of story."
,Recommended,231430,23358009,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,dakk0n,This is the only RTS game I played in recent years. I wish they do a modern day RTS.
,Recommended,231430,23358674,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,TonyCashGR,Propably one of the best RTS games out there.
76561198269454550,Recommended,231430,24011039,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,shivindershreydutta,gud game
,Recommended,231430,28231026,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Ugramednefri,company is a game that is very entertaining mixing strategy and an over all combat experience like sending wave after wave of conscrips ant the enemy while my shock troop flank around the side to bombard them with grenades...but is always a welcome site to see a nazi body get stuck half way in a wall and just flail about... anf the amount of carefull planning a concenderation that went into making this game is remarkable about the realizim no graphics but the stroy line i would definetly give a 10/10 for this game and recommended it to any and all that enjoy a good strategic game especally online againt other people..
76561198066371299,Recommended,231430,28733766,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,thedeathbringer,"It is the arma III of RTS games. In other words it is really realistic, so if that is what you like than get it. you will enjoy it."
76561198047393553,Not Recommended,231430,26545984,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,tech,"The game could have been good if it was not for the fact that the unit AI (the one that decides how say a tank moved forward or backward, or how a infantry squad positions itself) is incredibly stupid.Or for the fact that the balance of power is attrocious."
,Not Recommended,231430,30532598,Posted: 15 March,all,`_',What a let down from the first CoH
76561198025697028,Not Recommended,231430,34249183,Posted: 14 August,all,Bud0423,would rather a complete game.
76561198059765868,Not Recommended,231430,34460247,Posted: 24 August,all,Toguro,"I've put over 1200 hours into company of heroes 2 and people will probably wonder why i write a negative review on this game. The community for this game is pretty close to gone at this point due to the continuous updates that are supposed to  ""fix"" the game but in return have actually destroyed it. I'm predominately a ally player but will never be able to enjoy this game playing as allies and will instead have to play axis. At this point axis hold a much higher opportunity for victories due to the versatile infantry that can disable tanks, burn your troops out of buildings, and are able to upgrade with assault rifles. Allies are supposed to be dominate early game but at this point it doesn't matter if they hold the early game because if the game is not over in 20 minutes you will be overpowered by the strongest heavy and medium tanks in the game that becomes an eventual spam. If you purchase this game do it on the grounds of stomping ally players with the might of the axis teams."
,Not Recommended,231430,34170538,Posted: 11 August,all,Big bang boots from the Bronx,"Multiplayer is segregated on mac vs windows, which is kinda pointless on a mainly multiplayer game."
,Not Recommended,231430,34072657,Posted: 6 August,all,HarryCallahan420,"Well,  i figured i would write this as someone who has loved the CoH Series since the start,   but now.  its just sad to see what this game has become.   The First CoH title and its DLC was well worth the money,   but now,   Relic has made this game an utter joke.   it has utterly and clearly become a P2W game,  which is obsurde considering it has a 60 dollar pricetag already, which in most cases is enough for the developers,  but in this case,  no,   they want money for everything from new commanders that have sometimes as few as 2-3 new units,  at 7-8 dollars a pop,  or they want you to pay for mods the community created for free, but apparently relic decided to make us pay for these aswell.  CoH has become nothing but a money grab,  and its very sad to see... best bet for your money is men of war.  its a bit older,  but compaired to what CoH has become,  its far better."
76561198011506966,Not Recommended,231430,35193772,Posted: 24 September,all,Arakus,"I have this game now a long time and tried it every now and then, but after a short while i loose fun playing it.I think the game is not as good as CoH 1 because these stupid general mechanics ( why they changed the good research system? ), and the fact that you in addition to the full price you already paid you are forced to spent additional money to get some generals!"
76561197976561805,Recommended,231430,16847312,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,dommjuan,"Pros-solid multiplayer rts-nice graphics and sound assetsCons-insanely racist singleplayer-lots of useless dlcIf you are looking for a multiplayer rts this is among the best there is, almost as good as coh1, but with vastly improved graphics, sound assets, and UI. If you are looking for a singleplayer game however this game should be avoided at all costs. It has boring, grindy, repetetive gameplay, and the plot is so racist it baffles my mind that it could be released by a major studio. It seems the only research they made about the second world war before making the campain was watching the movie enemy at the gates, and reading the book mein kampf. There is also a lot of costly dlc for this game, but luckily most of it (except the new armies) can be safely ignored."
76561198067176459,Recommended,231430,13420644,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,[8thMB] Cuban Pete,"A good game but its a shame the ai is complete garbage, i mean the ai just completely spammed stuff and didnt move it. please fix"
,Recommended,231430,31415059,Posted: 28 April,all,Mr. Ruin,"While I wasn't satisfied with it when it was released with it's mediocre campaign and vs AI missions this game aged well like a good wine. With it still being patched (and those patches are vetted by community) it is quite balanced although it has 5 different armies which are all asymetric. This is a great RTS.If you want to win you have to master combined arms aproach to warfare: cover, smoke, range, armor thickness, veterancy etc. But all of those things have blended into an easy to start, difficult to master game which every RTS fan should give a try cause while several years old it still looks and feels new."
,Recommended,231430,10877979,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,"""N4Æ"" Rhugar","If you enjoyed the first Company of Heroes, you'll like this too! 'tis fun!"
76561197970364125,Not Recommended,231430,22287458,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,blackpanther989,uninstalled. relic no longer cares about anything but german buffs. screw this game
76561198051677138,Recommended,231430,14026290,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Fish mA,Meh it wasn't for me.
76561198180368853,Recommended,231430,34852080,Posted: 9 September,all,Shaders,I love soviet 10/10 for mother Russia !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,231430,8553247,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Happy Dog,get aload of this ya cheeky bugga
,Recommended,231430,9952905,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Deaglz | A-2A |,Campain - 5/10Multiplayer/Skrmish - 10/10Campain in my opion is boring i dont get the point of having it if its not that funMultiplayer is very good in my opion because of all the players you can play withSkrmish is good with AI Bots in my opion
76561198003629782,Recommended,231430,8010273,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Veraldrisz,"Astoundingly Beautifull, And Honor Company of Heroes 1 in all its perceptivity, The new Tech Tree system is amazing as well!"
76561198003454835,Recommended,231430,9135029,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,impiribl,"мультиплеер ♥♥♥♥♥♥, сингл ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о"
76561197970728391,Recommended,231430,9140827,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Old Man 678,"Fun game, though not as good as the first. Has some great graphics and sound effects, but the game is slower paced than the first. It took a long time to get going with alot of the earlier missions being about the soldiers. Must use alot of strategy ealry on to get by the missions. Picks up the pace later.Also has some other missions you can do called Theater of War. These are pretty anoying. Some are fun, some are not. But they are all challenging. And if you like completing achievements, there are 449 of them here and some of them are just wierd and very specific. One challned has you building heavy machine gun soldiers for the Russians and you need to kill so many of the HMG for the German side. Very wierd and very hard to complete.Overall, another good entry in the COH series and plenty of replay and DLC's, so prepare to spend amny hours playing."
76561198035397364,Recommended,231430,9144990,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,maloo2brvo,JUST YES...
76561198027135018,Recommended,231430,9161718,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Feghaa,yes
,Recommended,231430,19572734,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Soup,what the heck
76561198165170502,Recommended,231430,19564783,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,BlazeitAngelo,"LUV DIS GAME, the story campaign is real fun and i love playing it."
76561198023972662,Recommended,231430,19568082,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,jefkeuhh33(BE),Very nice
76561198069504066,Not Recommended,231430,20117176,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,kingbobbito,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥  This game has a 362 dollar dlc that unlocks all of the commanders and camo available. In 20 hours I unlocked a single commander and no camo, and I didn't check but I believe there's over a dozen commanders.  So in 240 hours I might get them all.  The camo, no clue.I like the game, don't get me wrong.  20 hours in and I feel like I can play plenty more, so worth the initial pricetag (I also picked up western front and british during the christmas sale, so those add a lot more variety), but this scam to get you to buy so much dlc that genuinely makes multiplayer unbalanced is disgusting.$362"
,Not Recommended,231430,20122352,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Peri Bunowl,"Singleplayer isn't all that fun, and the game itself seems to be a cash grab with way too many microtransactions."
,Not Recommended,231430,20124940,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jack-P,"There wasn't a ""Maybe"" selection for ""Do you recommend this game"" or else I would have used it. THe issue I have is with some of the mechanics of the game and the AI. In Skirmish, or really any where else for that matter, 4 Shermans have a very hard time taking a single German tank out even with repeated hits. I have to confess I;m not the greatest RTS player out there, but anyway. Also the AI seems to build really fast. Just what I've observed.In Men of War, Assault squad 2, a single or just a few hits disables some part of the opposing forces tank. I love it. COH2 seems really lop-sided when playing against the AI and it's frustrating as all get out. Let me see, 4 Shermans firing at a German whatever tank and 3 of my Shermans get whacked in the process. Crazy.My suggesstion... Make the AI and game mechanics in COH2 similar to the ones in AS2. Thanks."
76561198027805485,Recommended,231430,17596293,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Sass,Very gut WW2 RTS
76561198002763579,Not Recommended,231430,20575402,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,=WW§= Spindel,huge disapointment its just a mockery of CoH 1 they didnt even improve the graphics significantly and the maps are smaller then before .... the armies are unbalanced due to pay to win comander abilities that are unbalanced... to bad THQ went under they seemed to smack some sense into RELIC this ad and dlc crap is what just is the killing blow to this game woot you guys managed to kill one of my fav RTS series in one move....EDIT: a year later tried it again much has changed it is definately a game worth getting when on sale but still overall the maps are too small for 2016 and micro transactions still exist in a game where they have no place that said the gamplay is much more balanced and is actually enjoyable now.
,Recommended,231430,22395097,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Paicito,dlception
,Recommended,231430,19183180,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,littleBIT,"The only real good RTS right now. Relic keeps adding more content like factions, commanders and items, which keeps te game fresh. Sometimes new units are a bit unbalanced, but they're actively balancing the game. If you like a game that forces you to keep playing to get better and pushes you to read guides and tactics, grab this one."
,Not Recommended,231430,21616161,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,[Narc] Wabo666,"Its a great game, but there are way too many micro transactions which ruin the game."
76561198123159416,Not Recommended,231430,21619725,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Legoman,"Great game when everything works, have only just delved into the MP and am getting my♥♥♥♥♥♥handed to me time and time again.  Learning though and getting the odd win here and there.The $$$ grab on the DLC / Commander / vehicle skins is a joke though.  $4 USD for a commander is just taking your customers for a ride."
76561197992236590,Not Recommended,231430,21639304,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,poTaTo,"This game used to be the reason I dreamed of having a computer to max out its settings, now its just people buying there wins with commanders and its everyday its becoming more and more of a stradegy game like starcraft . It honeslty breaks my heat </3"
76561198091110231,Not Recommended,231430,21650547,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Kit-Kat,"can someone help? I bought Ardennes assault, and then played the first couple of missions in the BASE GAME. I booted it up a few days ago, and now I can't play the base game. Any ideas?"
,Not Recommended,231430,21662436,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,munkee2029,"Waste of money.  Maps feel small, you can only see a small section of the map at one time, and troops die too easily,  Even when outnumbering the enemy 3:1 and in cover.  The whole game feels like a money pit with all the notices of new DLC."
76561198235701614,Recommended,231430,21328047,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,[SP]KTROOPER,"I enjoy the game alot...,but if it becomes a free to play the game would be ruined for so many reasions"
,Recommended,231430,1193152,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Hawake,"Enjoyable RTS game, 7/10 Not as good as the first one though, And i'm waiting for several improvment for the game before i can give it a full score, i do however recomend the game as its pretty fun to jump into most of the time and just go all out war.Multiplayer as of now is rather unbalanced, atleast when it comes to 3v3 and 4v4. the game seems to shift in balance in 1v1 between the Russians and The Wermarcht every patch, this however doesn't help me so much since i'm more intrested in bigger battles and therfore usually play 3v3 and 4v4.When it comes to the Single-Player Campaign it was decent, it has however been since the release discussed alot by mainly russian players that the campaign is completly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and a lie because of how the story is built with russians sacreficing alot more then they actually did and how they didn't send their men to mass slaughter (for example by rushing 100+ soliders into a German MG nest hammering them down like flies in a soup.)Worth Noting is that the game as far as i know DOES NOT SUPPORT SLI, so for those who use Two or more Graphic Cards will probably see a slight Decrease in Performance unless disabling SLI. Official comment from Nvidia and Relic themselves was something that they couldn't get their ""dynamic"" weather effect stuff to work with SLI and its scaling or something which i personally belive is completly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Not Recommended,231430,21520116,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Unthinkable,"bug fixes dont remove bugs here, but introduce new ones...automatch completely broken (4v4), 1/10 matches the teams are equally skilled otherwise either the enemy team or the own gets total noobs :("
76561198006175457,Not Recommended,231430,21529659,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Rai,só o pepe gosta
76561198005219991,Not Recommended,231430,21536030,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Corvyn Dallas,"Dear players:this used to be one of the best RTS games ever, now it's utter crap here is why:1) Commander system is a cheap trick to milk the userbase, basically relic will release a new commander now and then that will add new units/skills these skills/units will be ""unbalanced"" always to the overpower side, because they want you to buy them once you finnaly do these will be ""balanced"" again to the nerf/useless side since ""community  managers hear the user base"" read: -we got all the money we wanted- why nef them back you say? because there has to be room for the next ""balanced"" commander. while it's true that you can get them via grinding, that it's just an illusory way, you can spend over 1000 hours and you will not get the commander you want since the delivery system is waay too random.2)Intell bullet-ins: This is even more unsettling these are passive bonuses awarded at the end of a battle or completing some archievements (just a few) they cannot be bougth with real money or anything; The problem is that there is always a combination of these passive bonuses that will make your game A LOT easyer, but unless you have a lot of luck you cant have them, so people (assuming they have about the same skill as you) can end up beating you because they had these combinnations, read: dumb luck; Again you too can eventualy end up having these combinations but it can take you days, weeks, months or never.3) Relic does not hear the comunity: all the above was brougth to them YEARS AGO via forums, and they basically have just played dumb and just pretend as everything it's ok, changes have been made but way too late and always in a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥way; as today im writing this their forums have been down in the main page for about 3 months, claiming a ""migration"" that was supposed to be ready in january of this year we still got nothing so if you want to speak with a comunity manager or speak with other players in a official channel you can pudding yourself, like forever.4) compared to the first game the quality has plunged: animations are pretty much recycled from the first game, the game suffers from an ennormity of technical bugs that i just wont enummertate since they are way too many and have been for way too long,  relic claims that they are working on them but that's hard to belive.TL/DR: Pay to win cleverly diguised as grind to win, relic dont give a damn as long as you keep throwing money at them."
76561198040583764,Recommended,231430,13809426,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Beanhead,Not as good as the first one prefer to play company of heroes
76561198007364756,Recommended,231430,13813662,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Tomarias,"This game is phenomenal. Takes so much realism into account that the improvements on the already stellar first COH, make for a great game. Everything about this game is well balanced, but you have to find what makes each army tick. IF you liked the first COH, you're going to be blown away by COH2."
76561197990929497,Recommended,231430,12290105,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,D3athB3Com3sU,love the game so bloody much even more so since ppl are makeing wonderfull maps for it
,Recommended,231430,14657303,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,smeagol swartzeniger,Great World War II RTS! Epic as the first one...Ooorah!
76561198114456281,Recommended,231430,14667534,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Emperor Hirohito,This agme is a work of art
76561197980632210,Recommended,231430,14668647,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,atOмik aмßµsн,"Awesome Game. Played Company of Heroes since the first came out. UI is different but once you adjust, much better game."
76561197992320249,Recommended,231430,16567163,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Scion Koga,"While not quite the tactical masterpiece that came before it, CoH 2 still delivers a very engrossing gameplay style that rewards use of tactics more than micro-managing. At times it does feel a little off, and the balancing is decent, but can be exploited. The store and purchasable DLC is the main sticking point that is irritating, and although i've bought some of it while on sale, it isn't really worth it.A good game, but not a great game.8/10"
76561197967546217,Recommended,231430,15410358,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Tobas,"Best RTS I have ever played, hands down."
,Recommended,231430,15416841,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,MassBook,Great game!! I played for many hours...
,Recommended,231430,15423211,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,og_jinshi,Get it. Don't ask questions. Just buy the damned thing.
76561198107025399,Recommended,231430,15427404,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Black,1 of a Best RTS  Game that you must buy it.
76561198105555882,Recommended,231430,15432828,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Nadreez,"best of the WW2 gameplay that have 4 unit to play by USA,Germany,Germany commendo,and Russion. the gameplay is interesting and the multiplayer is the interestin that put your skill as a commender to the testmy only hope that this game will bring is the british units and the japanese units"
76561198079366821,Recommended,231430,15442517,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Coco,"Great game, i love it !"
76561198057967206,Recommended,231430,15469285,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Cpt_NICK,good
76561198143696748,Recommended,231430,15471466,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,mulac145799,"This is one of the best RTS games i have ever played. The game play is more strategically critical than any other RTS out there. While most RTS's focus on micro and reaction time more than strategy, company of heroes 2 is the perfect mix of both.Graphics:The graphics in this game are amazing when scrolled out. Some of the best i've scene in a RTS game.The Campaign:The campaign in company of heroes 2 is one of the best I've played. The story line is engaging and in depth as well as informative. Although the cut scene graphics could be better the cut scenes are still interesting to watch and not something to just skip.Multiplayer:The multiplayer in this game is better than most games. Although it takes a little while to find a match, it is still well worth the wait."
76561198028697751,Recommended,231430,15473032,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Lt Beanbag,"Moing on from COH, this game has the same style but has really mixed it up with the DLC. Hours of fun. Still wish I could zoom out to see the whole map though."
76561197989014619,Recommended,231430,15473817,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,[inc] KaiserChef,A really good game I must say. legit successor to coh 1... dlc's ruin the game unfortunately. 80 plus euros for all content is ridiculous. base game only let s you yield standard soviet and german troops. better german or us tropps are 12 euros. wtf! still nice to play when you get it on sale.
76561198054141070,Recommended,231430,15485711,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,ProjectSteve-o,"Great RTS game, Love the gameplay but don't feel it was as good as COH Tales of Valor"
,Recommended,231430,15490418,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,FatBloke,I really need to say the developers actually are greedy for your money and 3/4 gameplay is just because of the DLCs but besides that i really like the game. I played the game so many hours and yeah i bought some DLCs Ardennes Assault a map pack and the Western Front Armies and i have fun. I say its an experience for many players but people who played the first game may be a little dissapointed. Its gameplay is really smooth and I will not stop playing it because some people say its bad or racist.
,Recommended,231430,15500652,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,VoidWhisper,Do you like rolling over enemy units at the cost of your own men! If the answer is yes this game! ( No DLC included ) is just for you!Take command of the thousands of men you will eventually kill by forcing them to charge the enemy or be shot!All for the Motherland!Seriously though a great game but i do hate that all the units seem the same just different names depending on the faction and slight ability changes that make them unique. I wish it was like Halo:Wars kind of where each faction gets there ups and downs dramatically shown.
,Recommended,231430,14493152,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,tio_yuca,Not so good as the original game but I like it.
,Recommended,231430,14496249,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Skeezix,"I got AS, after 10 minutes of play, had to buy it all!"
76561198045468909,Recommended,231430,14496308,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Mrvecz,"Free weekend, oh yeaLike it ever been, COH 2 is king in good RTSWinter mode is da bestAI plays fairlyUnlike in COH 1 where they send one tiger after another, creating collums of armor stucking on themselfs on bridges i detonate !This game even gave me tears, how war is bad !"
76561198035871732,Recommended,231430,14498185,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,SaintEleos,A good seqeuel to a great/good game with better balencing but not that many changesif you liked the first COH you will like this one
,Recommended,231430,14499534,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,RectumRipper,"Would highly recommend if you enjoy difficult, unforgiving games."
76561198016121927,Recommended,231430,14509623,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,TheMannerMan,Great RTS Game.
76561198033422214,Recommended,231430,14530983,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,r38gttr,"with new armies and ardennes assault, its much more fun than the original russian front"
76561198018704240,Recommended,231430,14538545,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,F.O.X.,"A fun game.I will say that ardennes assault is a must buy it's even more fun then the original game.a quick tip though, ardennes assault can be really difficult since your company can get worn down even when your playing really well.  dont be afraid to use cheat engine instead of starting from scratch."
76561198044614249,Recommended,231430,14544055,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Riley,"I'll start off by saying i was a huge fan of CoH1, it remains to this day one of the best RTS games around, mostly with the extra content and mods that came after.However here we have a game that at first glance seems good, but lacks the depth and complexity of the original immensely, in CoH1 you had teams that played very differently to each other, Briton and Germany for example, the play style of the two teams differed to the point where it changed the pace of the game.But here we see a rehash of old concepts done poorly, the expansion DLC for the other two playable factions, both america and another german faction, and both of them have concepts from CoH1's briton faction. (Which is why i mentioned them above) For example america has a setup base working from the get go but you cannot access all units until you obtain the higher ranked commanders for each tier of units, you need to purchase the sergeant to get infantry from the barracks and a major for light mechanised and elite troops and then a general for heavy support etc. Very similar to how Briton worked in the original requiring a ranked official to expand further. Where as the german team operates similar in the sense your bases are trucks that can be set down and unpacked before making use of them, allowing you to choose where you put sections of your base. (I'm unsure if you can move them once they are unpacked, not found a way to do it but i know you can self destruct them, which makes me wonder why let you move them before unpacking at all.) And it wouldn't be so bad if they at least had some complexity or played differently other than just how they unlock access to making troops, they don't, both teams have similar unit types to the original two teams (Germany and Russia) Unlike in CoH1 where Briton's troops played entirely differently, they were built as a support team, great at entrenching and holding areas, using heavy artillery and emplacements that were very hard to break through.The new commander system i find very dull as well, for those unaware in the original game you had a doctrine system where you unlock perks and skills that you can use, gained by commander points which you get from fighting the opposition, and these doctrines had varying paths that allowed a team to play very differently on the doctrine it selected and then within that doctrine the skills or abilities it obtained. Where as in CoH2 it has a similar skill and ability system however you cannot choose as freely as you could in CoH1 which ones you wanted, here you pick a commander that has a preset skill list of abilities that unlock as you obtain command points, example being i pick a commander and he has five abilities, each ability requires a different amount of command points before you can use it, and even when you have access to these abilities you have to spend your default resources to make use of them. Where as in the original you had a separate resource you could use to purchase such things, and had better freedom to want you wanted, each doctrine in the original was focused to a certain tactic of gameplay, be it rushing, or artillery etc but here in CoH2 you pick a commander who's skills best match up with what you want to use, but its a mixed bag between each commander as to what they have, one might have a unique tank design for example that you want to use during a game but won't have something that would match up perfectly with it like faster repair times, it feels like their abilities are very random and badly designed, i would rather decide the abilities i want my commander to use and equip him instead of changing commanders based on which one has slightly better abilities for the play style i want to use in said battle.Besides that the game plays basically the same as the original, but like i said originally just lacks a lot of the depth the original CoH had, reinforcing positions with things like MG nests and artillery is almost non-existent, i don't believe you can reinforce buildings like you could in the original either, where you could make it a temporary base to produce units and heal those around it. That said it's still satisfying flanking positions, destroying groups of enemy troops with your overpowered tanks etc as it always was, the question i find myself asking when playing this is ""Why am i not playing the original game instead?""The game looks nice, i don't think it's anywhere near as nice however as the game itself likes to think it is as performance is a nightmare even now so long after release, it's a very poorly optimised game. Some people will say it runs like a dream others will tell you that even on a beast high end PC they encounter a huge amount of frame drops and that the game taxes their rigs so much for a game that seemingly shouldn't, however from my experience it's the latter, my rig is not top end but it's still a high end machine, with a sapphire r9 290x tri-x vapour oc edition GPU i54690k CPU and 8GB of RAM, and even with this the game tells me that 50 fps on average is the best i can get on max settings (AA set to low) I can run the witcher 2 on ultra settings, even uber sampling and still get 50-60 fps on average in most areas and thats known to tank your system like♥♥♥♥♥♥ If the game was justified in being so demanding i wouldn't mind so much, but i wouldn't even call it one of the best looking RTS games, not that its bad looking it just doesn't seem justified in why it runs so poorly.The question i ask myself though is ""Am i enjoying it?"" and yeah i am, despite it's glowing flaws and being less superior compared to its predecessor it's still an okay game, a fun RTS, but maybe i'm just coloured and bias because i enjoyed the original so much. (Must've sunk at least 300 hours playing skirmishes alone in CoH1) but playing online either against the AI or other players it remains a hectic barrel of WWII fun, which requires a lot of micro managing of troops, constantly struggling to hold areas of land, pushing your enemy back bit by bit, it captures the gritty struggle of war nicely."
,Recommended,231430,14560448,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,-TGP- Wampa,"I highly recommend this game because it has everything you want and need...and more.As an RTS, this game has succeeded in doing what it's supposed to do. it has plenty of different types of units, nice graphics, good maps and  some form of tactical thinking. also, it has Workshop, so there are plenty of new maps to download for free. this is a great addition to the game because it allows for more replayability. you'll see.However, I do have one complaint about this game... Oberkommando West and the US forces. They way their base is set up from the beginning, it's just....no.  I've always liked the option to choose for myself where i put my buildings, that's just part of the whole rts thing. These two factions have their base allready set up from the getgo, so that's a minor ""flaw"" in the game.PRO: -graphics-gameplay-Deep snow slowing you down-campaign-Theater of War-skills-STEAM WORKSHOP (maps, so many new maps!)CONTRA: -Oberkommando West & US forces base- that is all."
76561198026959336,Recommended,231430,16177638,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,[ADK]SummonTheMinions,Loved COH1Loved COH2spamfest
,Recommended,231430,16824972,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Vanilla&Chocola,"The game is good. If you can't accept the campaign, just neglect it. Besides, the Wehrmacht units are balanced and fun, but they are too weak, all of them. This should be improved in future versons."
76561198025954765,Recommended,231430,10856614,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Morthwyl Rhyfel,Brilliant game! So worth getting it.
,Recommended,231430,14474841,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,rgtanjt,"Hi all, I am not an English native speaker but I try to straight to the point of this game in my review.First, I was anticipating this game before it's released as I am a veteran of COH as many of the players here.But the heavy DLC policy and higher price of expansions set frighten me at early time.Now there is a discount.So I just bought this game 1 day ago before I wrote this review.I bought all items in store page, except those ""in game DLC"" such as commander and skin.All costs me approximately USD 25.00, for me it is reasonable now.PROS (applied to ver 3.00)-new menu interface--clean.-If you got it when discount, yes, with all DLC it has lots of contents. It is pros but sad.-good performance.CONS-less improve graphics vs COH which released year 2006, OMG.-too many commander.-high price (when there is no discount).-less unit to play (I love tank!).SUGGESTION-There is no significant PROS in this game, SO bought it when steam discount (with bundle better!).-Ask yourself, do you want to play it or not. DO NOT HYPE by those -/+ reviews.-Ask SEGA why there is no VC4 anymore? SEGA, please focus on good game development NOT DLC."
76561198139355944,Recommended,231430,10854782,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,dennisgraydotcom,your are cheatin' people out of money you♥♥♥♥♥♥sucker and your game is a♥♥♥♥♥♥sucker. ♥♥♥♥ you and your game. never will i be cheated by you♥♥♥♥♥♥suckers again. your product is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ me once and you ♥♥♥♥ed again never again. your evil ways will definatelly come back and ♥♥♥♥ you in your♥♥♥♥♥♥ you insulate yourselves by not having a phone. so suck each others♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198041109680,Recommended,231430,14470444,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,anaconda,"Singleplayer campaign isnt as good as the one in the original game so its meh but the game is worth getting for the multiplayer alone . In this said multiplayer you get the chance to kill fascist,communists and capitalists in a variety of different ways such us blow them up or burn them which you will find extremely satisfying. Although be warned if you have any sorrt of anger managegment issues DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME as  you might find some specific player strategies somewhat annoying (looking at you artillery spammers ), but then again its just a game and i doupt you will take any of it too seriously."
76561198014273386,Recommended,231430,14473617,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,chips and salsa,THIS GAME IS THE BEST WW2 base game ever made
76561198055959751,Recommended,231430,14473693,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,xOwnage,"Really good so far, a good update from CoH 1"
76561198105371307,Recommended,231430,14494099,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Mcweby,Great RTS game recommended to fans of TW rome 2Tw Rome 2 is very similiar but company of heroes is much faster pace
,Recommended,231430,6269030,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,saga,Shoot KingTiger bu tt with a 75mm sherman 10/10
76561198008154228,Recommended,231430,11569739,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,bearsathome,Great game a lot of fun and options
76561198137714957,Recommended,231430,11585618,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,E Ferrera,How come i need to purchase the difficulty in campaignthis is more stressing than putting my balls in the microwave
76561198029543980,Recommended,231430,11499584,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,MajorLeBronJames,"don't listen to the ""THIS GAME IS NAZZHI"", this game has a great campaign, fun challenges in multiplayer, and you can create your own little scenarios in skirmish mode :D"
76561197983513246,Recommended,231430,9955598,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,SgtRuss,Recommended for humans.
76561198030448716,Recommended,231430,10948749,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Yosri,very good action
76561198018082759,Recommended,231430,10949508,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,newport4,WHY are you charging me again for something I've already paid for
76561198035659372,Recommended,231430,13582102,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Infinit3Space,"Fantastic game. It allows for a multitude of strategies and constant updates for balancing from the devs. As well as a thriving forums which gives the community great advice. It might take a few tries to get the game down, but it is very enjoyable once you do."
76561198090564360,Recommended,231430,14805269,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Berra Von Goolo,Best RTS game I've played so far.I think its only competitor will be Homeworld. :>
76561198035095737,Recommended,231430,13334761,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Tachanka,ahhhh Rhodina
76561198042264007,Recommended,231430,13351011,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,lilmodamian,7yes
,Recommended,231430,13781435,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Rks.Sng,"Another Masterpeice, one the best RTS of all time."
76561198163133264,Recommended,231430,13474595,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,r4v3r,if u like base building games and games that change like the flip of a coin then u would love its game :)
,Recommended,231430,15107597,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Noobs'R'Us,"ignore the hours shown above as i have played the game under a different account for a lot of hours, and i love it, simply love it. if you are a fan of WW theme games this is the one, great game dynamics, troop selection, compain is interesting and plenty of DLC content."
76561197993365126,Recommended,231430,8493069,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Murican!,"Compared to the original Company of Heroes this game falls short. The game play is different but it's not bad. The issue is the LACK of units and population cap issues. There are other units in the game but you have to unlock them via commanders. AKA waste more money. The game play becomes boring watching and using the same units over and over. Example: While playing expert computers, All I have to do is make three tiger tanks with two engineers to repair them and I can beat back the computer. Might I add that's pretty much all I can have on the map brecause the population cap.I will admit, I bought this game because I was looking forward to the mods. (Personally don't care to play Russians) For example a MOD to increase pop cap. However, I have learned that after the last major patch, modding can't be done because of the devs wanting to make money off of the commander purchase.Also, I'd like to add that this game has got a lot of negative reviews by Russians because of the campaign. I have to say that after playing through the campaign. I will say the devs did a FANTASTIC job showing how evil the Red Army was/is. Russians have a hard time admitting it, too much pride. (Just look at World of Tanks and how overpowered Russian tanks are, 40% boost on stats over historically accurate tanks. They just can't admit their stuff is HORRIBLE) Everything in the campaign is historically accurate. Example: Tiger tank pretty much owns all other tanks. I'm so glad the Devs made the IS-2 pretty weak. If you can look past the Russian BS while reviewing this game you'll see the game isn't bad."
76561198246539286,Recommended,231430,19715891,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Bot,its good game abaut ww2 strategy game i recommended to buy it
,Recommended,231430,12593806,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,azzwalker007(Z.O.R.T),great game
76561198170322809,Recommended,231430,14536771,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Irish-Savage-45,such ana amazing game its quit difficult and always keeps you on your toes
,Recommended,231430,10874342,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,BlackGold,"I was lucky and participeted in the alpha and beta, now i own the game. Its brilliant as the original COH. Lots of action, fine missions, great multi, beautifull view."
76561198008102435,Recommended,231430,10905768,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Game Master,GOOD!
76561198131029315,Recommended,231430,14475355,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,dawsonmathew,I like the ability to chose different commanders for the multipler along with the good story line of single player.
,Recommended,231430,14556428,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,TomDRV,"This game, COH 2, is a VERY good game.Yes by all means buy it it's brilliant for newcomers to the series.But, it still doesn't live up to COH 1. Play this for a bit, then install COH 1 and you'll probably prefer the latter.It's good, but it doesn't live up to COH 1"
,Recommended,231430,14628153,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Rolof Von Krieg,Real challenge with players all around the world
76561197992308722,Recommended,231430,10853532,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,smokin9,Awesome game!!!!!!!!!
76561197998754164,Recommended,231430,10903027,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,mrbonich,The updates and western fronts have combined to remove all the doubts I originally ahd about this game. If you love company of heroes 1 while there is nothing wrong with it now this game provides something new and interesting.
,Recommended,231430,14476414,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,ttt12367,Good for bothe the intense level of micro and the larger macro and resource managment. Not perfectly balenced bu then again nothing ever is.
,Recommended,231430,14481941,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,BLEM,"I would HIGHLY recommend this game to people who are into strategy based games, or for those WW2 enthusiast. This game is realistic, fun and makes you think about your moves on the battlefield. The Armies in the game are all interesting to play with: The Soviets, The Wehrmacht, The USF (United States Forces), The Soviets. These 4 Armies Grant you different abilities on the battlefield. Exploring each army carefully will make you aware of its strengths and weaknesses. This can help you when you are playing Multiplayer against other people. Since I personally didnt buy the full game, (Company of heroes 2) The Eastern Front, I dont get every Army : The Wehrmacht and the Soviets are not available to me. I can only access the new armies provided to me and that werent included in Company of heroes 2 The Eastern Front, The OKW (OberKommando West) And the US. These Armies are none the less really powerful in the game. Since its Valentines Day and Relic are allowing everyone to test out the games for free, i have used the COH 2 Eastern Front armies EXTENSIVELY throughout the 3 day period. They have been really interesting to play with and see what the OKW and the US dont have. Sadly, Relic are going to close the free content soon, im not sure, but it has been really worth while playing with all 4 armies that are provided in the standalone addition of COH 2( The western Front) which is why I would highly recommend this game to the steam community. Or maybe its just me :) ..."
76561197991084962,Recommended,231430,14495604,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,The Gunslinger,Nice Game !!!
,Recommended,231430,14500924,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,LovzSprite,yay
76561198167035313,Recommended,231430,14514490,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,xXleeXx,I like the game but i seem to not be abel to play as the russians if you know how to solve this please let me know
76561197963070639,Recommended,231430,14545401,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Daniel M.,"I was originally somewhat hesitant to purchase CoH2. The original game was one of my favorite computer games of all time, and from early reviews it seemed that CoH2 was just the same game, with marginally improved graphics. When it went on sale, however, I finally pulled the trigger, and I am very glad I did. To some extent, the concerns are valid - it is very similar to the original game. It is different enough, however, to be worth the upgrade cost (especially if one can buy it on sale, as I did). The campaign missions are fun, and I think they are probably even more enjoyable than those from the original game. I would definitely recommend the game to anyone who enjoyed the original."
76561198313202872,Recommended,231430,23892085,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Cult Of Ron Swanson,"I LOVE IT, If you like games that is all about startegy and controling warfare, this is THE GAME FOR YOU."
76561198094288741,Recommended,231430,11367934,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,BlitzJäger,i like the game but its 30.00$ cheaper at♥♥♥♥♥com
,Recommended,231430,11368066,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Spleens,volkspie
,Recommended,231430,20508300,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,UNAIDOT #FUCKMYISP,It gets better when u get to know the game and has good factions depending how u want to your playstyle of game.
,Recommended,231430,7401223,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,CHROMEOFFICER,"If you like strategy and the WWII timeframe, you will surely enjoy this game. Epic campaign, multiplayer and the new 'Theatre of War'-modus, makes Company of Heroes a must have!"
76561198012995096,Recommended,231430,8773688,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,MagiCookie,best game  everrrr !!!!!!!
,Recommended,231430,23893224,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Spartan 156E,"If you love Dawn of War, you are guaranteed to love this game. Gritty, action-packed and loads of fun to sink into."
76561198061984470,Recommended,231430,11366518,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,avj2k,"Harder to play than the original, seems at times to be very unfair i.e. the enemy can fire from much longer ranges than you can. But it is beatable so definitely recommended if you want a hard game!"
76561198071871295,Recommended,231430,11422131,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,distorted186,"If you like RTS and know company of heroes then you will love the follow up, but things have changed and will take some time to work out what has changed but it will only take 10-20 mins once you are fighting the enemy.Great game to play by your self or with friends online, just remember one thing, make sure you can win in the game settings."
76561198015633432,Recommended,231430,11339949,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,willsack1,can't even get it to play! only thing that seems to work are the trailers!  Help me out!!
76561197970734573,Recommended,231430,11357524,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,KMarsara,This game is possiblely the best WWII strategy game i ever played
76561198017814316,Recommended,231430,23893855,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Bayjack,"It's good fun, if youre into WW2 Stratigic massmurdering game"
76561198043901851,Recommended,231430,23806819,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Cinnamon Ape,"When in doubt, spam conscripts and artillery"
,Recommended,231430,9770599,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,cl0wn-,"Yeah,COH ! thats is real strategy ! I miss americans,british's & elite SS but dlc's & mods will fix it, so hf with that awesome game :>"
,Recommended,231430,16438520,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Reminosis,"I was originally introduced into the RTS genre as a child when our family acquired Starcraft, and to this day I still have trouble in managing all the aspects of the games. Company of Heroes 2 somehow manages to find a balance so that I don't get whupped every game, and still experience a challenge. I'll likely never play online matches against other people, as the campaign itself provides a test of my RTS skill, but I'm fine with this."
76561198097975407,Recommended,231430,10882422,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TRAITOR!,"A great game with authentic vehicles and great graphics,also a great campaign story.I would recommend this to anyone interested in ww2 or just likes a challenging, yet fun RTS game. And the DLC may look expensive but they really do alter the game drastically and are well worth  it."
76561198125442920,Recommended,231430,10941569,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sgt MorningWood,"What i don't like seeing is all these people who don't recommend this fantastic game. People say it isn't an improvment on this first game. Well, for a sequal do you have to take the original game and tweek a few things and call it ""Number 2""? No, they changed up a lot of things. Thats how sequels should be. Not like Call of Duty where every games the same with a few minor tweeks. I am a die hard fan of COH and all i have to say is, if you like COH i recommend buying this game.Update two years later; It only got better and better. It is now, im my opinion, the best RTS around. Make sure you get all of the DLC's though."
,Recommended,231430,11422851,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Bendesploosh Thundertwonk,"Watch the matchmaking ruin your day again and again, then go back and do it again the next day."
,Not Recommended,231430,21009495,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,wolfgang,"This is the only game that gets worse the more i play it,  im not buying DLCs that should be with the org. release of the game also their online matchs are way over or under balanced,  tactics are out the window just buy good command options.   wish it was more like the org."
76561198039314568,Not Recommended,231430,19276745,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,MageHunter,"crap... i purchased COH 2, but cant play. After selection of difficulty, it asked to Purchase. Rediculus."
76561198038827493,Not Recommended,231430,30961194,Posted: 5 April,all,AlCapone,"Game itself feel's unbalanced in so many areas to me but the main issue is that they do not allow full mod support for some reason. In CoH1 they allowed it and it was fun being able to download all the mods they had like the WW1 mod or the modern mod and so on, but in CoH2 they won't give modders the tools to do it and as of now i think they have not given us a reason to why they won't allow it."
,Recommended,231430,10516364,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Kitler Purrtin,"Oh wow what can i say? Me a big fan of RTS games, COH 2 is really a comeback!I have 475 hours on COH 1 Alone and COH 2 itself is Great! Cannot Wait For COH 2 Western Front!But why can't you just update COH 1 to make the new units, Doctorines and Abilites? LOL Anyways Company Of Heroes never failed my Expectations! If you play Men Of War or Wargame this game should also be Great!Tip: (Buy During Sale) :)"
76561198038192797,Recommended,231430,10520311,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Gmc1234,Brilliant real time strategy. definetly a fan of the franchise and would recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of startegy games.
76561198040057596,Recommended,231430,10700987,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Alpha Helix,great game
,Recommended,231430,9957809,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Bepis,Gewd gaem
,Recommended,231430,10028613,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Reavace,"I'm surprised this game isn't very popular, it was a well put together game that featured extensive challenge to RTS players from any area. Like playing a Frostbite RTS most-everything can be destroyed, and with it's improvements to textures and weather-factors it makes it's father proud. Initially you can only play as German's or Russian's which was a bummer to me since I prefered the U.S. forces, so I learned German's because living without memorable tanks is like remembering that the cake was a lie. Graphics are good, gameplay is good, immersion is okay but it's an RTS you can only immerse so far, Campaign feels good, following the war and such (Idk I haven't finished it got stuck on the 2nd mission cuz I suck). Replayability is high when you have friends to play with, alone is like playing the Starcraft AI repeatedly, so I would doubt that is fun. Never again. All in all one of my favorites 8/10"
76561198023494856,Recommended,231430,9105155,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Ormia3477,IT IS AMAZING!!!
,Recommended,231430,10006105,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Troublesim,Great game love it.
76561198122305484,Recommended,231430,9046575,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Bob the Baboon,it is fun
76561198004727206,Recommended,231430,9971669,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Lighthouse,so COOL I LOVE IT SO SO SO SO SO MUCH!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,231430,15101934,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Rec Zane,Buy the dlc assault bundle for $13.. you get this game with it.. i fkd up and am very salty
76561198032708373,Recommended,231430,14440793,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,HighgasPrices,10/10 was a nazi
76561197984903254,Recommended,231430,8832485,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,The Morningstar™,"This is one of the best WW2 strategy game I have ever played. It is a bit rough on the edges, but it keeps getting better and better.There is alot of content to play, and my 170 hours is really not enough to get me bored.I have to say it is a must try if you love WW2, and nice realistic gameplay. Give it a try. :D"
,Recommended,231430,9938471,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,QuNeX.,great game
76561198018508504,Recommended,231430,9952245,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,SirHorne76,Best Rts game out there
76561198134847445,Recommended,231430,10041450,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,jt_cairns,Awesome game. Couldn't rate it high enough!
76561198009808513,Recommended,231430,10070468,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,[SOuL]Maglakill,"Very very good game, great new mechanics and an important teamwork is required for win, it is very important in all that kind of games."
76561198125775911,Recommended,231430,9957888,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,ragequit94,It says I own it but why does it not launch? worked fine yesterday
,Recommended,231430,9994316,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,adidabaddi,awesome just awesome
,Recommended,231430,10096569,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,_Nism0_,"Amazing game, always gets better and better. Very challenging!!"
,Recommended,231430,10121559,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Aescula,"•Super pretty•Awesome, fun mechanics•I'll never be good at it•♥♥♥♥ me"
76561198046777552,Recommended,231430,10901592,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lupo01,"COH2 builds on what was great about COH1.. the better graphics., the better abilities of the inf to jump fences.. and what l really like the true line of sight aspect of the game. The way you are able to customise your army by commanders and indiividual fields of your army. allows you to get the most out of your abilties in the game.. so if you are great ar microing infantry, you biased your army to that aspect, or if your more into army and light trucks, then you can also go that way. I would highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoys strategy and RTS games."
76561198157089552,Recommended,231430,14489533,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,HERO E,"nice. it has the same similar interface n feeling of playing company of heroes 1 . but improved with better display and graphics and gaming experience. also, there is replay and live watch which the company of hero 1 dont have. nice ^^"
76561197960880536,Recommended,231430,10857990,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,The unseen1,awesome
,Recommended,231430,10922913,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ZeroTears,Pretty Slow compared to the first one.
76561198051067430,Recommended,231430,14489631,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Heyyy That's Pretty Good,I really enjoyed playing this game! I haven't been a person who really plays strategy games until now.  I'll probably end up buying it.
,Recommended,231430,14544883,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,TheLegend27,"Good game, but not comparable to the first one."
76561198120274775,Recommended,231430,29794023,Posted: 8 February,all,KaminoClone,"I had to edit my review after finally playing Men of war assault squad 2, because that game stomps on COH. seriously, go check it out. there is One thing i do like more about Coh though and thats their skirmish mode, i think its better because of the annihilation mode, i just personally like that kind of stuff."
76561198035451762,Recommended,231430,16561038,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Snotling,I am amending this review. After 60+ hrs playing this game it has some beautifully dynamic gameplay which I am thoroughly enjoying. A great RTS
,Recommended,231430,17785374,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,big dick swangin,chip
,Recommended,231430,23933762,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,KyKyKyKy,"This game is awsome, but my rig is too bad for him. :("
76561198103599830,Recommended,231430,13666017,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Lighttrooper,Is a very good game all around. Far surpasses CoH with its improved commanders and doctrines.
76561198116685164,Not Recommended,231430,27216352,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Edward,"Great game , GAme cost 30 and u need to buy factions for mor 99$"
76561198014668629,Recommended,231430,10897107,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,lokighsh,"This is a great game. I find it's a lot simpler than say Starcraft 2 without the need to manage resource gathering and base building as much. The game is much easier to get into for a more casual crowd, especially in the bigger game modes (3v3 or 4v4). Definitely recommend picking up."
76561198015802498,Recommended,231430,10998706,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Skynet,Best strategy game ever.
,Recommended,231430,10863810,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,OsamaBinHidin,"After being a die hard fan of the first COH plus expansions,i jumped at the chance to get COH2,and was not disappointed,it is such an amazing game and the new western front armies make it twice as good."
76561198023613735,Recommended,231430,10875474,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Keep Summer Safe,GOT PWND BY BOTS 10/10
76561198037073042,Recommended,231430,10876141,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,eHEads™,i love this game!
76561197968306584,Recommended,231430,10882984,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,stumpnyi,Very underrated RTS. Highly recommended and a steal at $10.
,Recommended,231430,10895424,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Pookah,Love this game! Didn't think that I would originally as I am a fan of the C&C titles however I found this a lot more fun. Needs much more strategic thinking rater than just puring resources into base defence.
,Recommended,231430,10903850,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MrTom,"Great game in single player and multiplayer and is still being heavily supported. It uses the same game engine as Dawn of War 2 so explosions and general combat always have a great impact. It plays very similar to the first game with some changes here and there. I do enjoy the squad based combat a lot but sometimes it can get a bit overwhelming if there is a lot going on. There is a degree of base building but as the main focus is squad & vehicle management and combat so it has become more of having 4/5 main buildings and some defensive stuctures.There was recently a big update to the game which has only served to improve it further. A new item type system has been added for multiplayer. This means that you now have 3 general slots active, 3 troop/vehicle improvements and 6 vehicle skin slots for each of the factions plus a special item slot which I haven't figured out how to use yet. So far I've worked out the only way to gain more 'items' is through totally random chance when you have completed a match... Not the way I would have done it but still works fine.With Steam Workshop being supported community maps are a big part of the multiplayer. With a range of 2 - 8 player sized maps and custom infinite resources/high population cap there are hundreds of maps to choose from or even create yourself."
76561198098582824,Recommended,231430,11439974,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Joe,this game is the best RTS that is out right now....I enjoy playing and Relic has worked on balance issues to were things are pretty good over all...
76561198076771395,Recommended,231430,11415770,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Nesbyte,The first Company of Heroes was good. This is even better.
76561198141251962,Recommended,231430,11369922,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,CurlingAce,Great Game! Certainly took me a while to get used to it but was awesome none the less! Gotta get more friends into it!
76561198052834341,Recommended,231430,11370581,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,maca,i can't play the campain wtf. Do i need to purchase anything else? I thought bying the game would give me accsess to that much.....
,Recommended,231430,1581636,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Griffyn,50刀给THQ买棺材，50刀喂世嘉狗
76561198021301052,Recommended,231430,8087444,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,30th Gkurens,Great game it leaves you playing houres on end
,Recommended,231430,8996265,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,CPU Easy,"Im hardcore CoH player since 2006 release of original CoH... I bought CoH2 but stopped playing it after a week, I can't play 2v2, 3v3, 4v4, I get constant drops.I would still recommend this since I wan't people to buy it so they can fix the game!"
76561198035324558,Recommended,231430,9162929,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Golphy,The sequel to the highest rated real-time strategy game of all time. Simply a must.
76561197991452899,Recommended,231430,9165553,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,YGspider,Spam
,Recommended,231430,9167068,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,mark333,great game...brill game play.
76561198209417516,Recommended,231430,26087968,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Nade spam,Very fun multiplayer game for a ww2 rts if you like multiplayer and being creative this game is for you. But the singleplayer seems a little boring and needs some work
76561198070067641,Recommended,231430,12047027,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,JMH0608,Great game and a great addition to any rts collection.
,Recommended,231430,12424136,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,A Big Bag of Benitos,one of the better RTS games i've played and major improvments over the first
,Recommended,231430,12439279,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Aesir,"In gameplay and graphical quality, it is a good game. it does however do a rather poor job accurately depicting the combat and experiences of the Soviets in the Second World War."
76561198039451813,Recommended,231430,9839586,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,UnclaimedClock,"First of the campaign is not the strongest in the RTS genre but still offers a challenge and can be enjoyable on the hardest difficulty setting.The game really shines though through the multiplayer and skirmish modes. You will never get bored of destroying AI either by yourself or with other human players. There are a large variety of maps on offer as standard with the game and you can download hundereds more from the steam workshop. The German and Russian factions have enough units to keep you satisfied but another few factions and units coming from the Western fronts DLC will polish the game off nicely.Overall it has a very strong multiplayer and some nice graphical detail, however, the campaign gets a bit boring and you cannot run SLI graphics cards which seems stupid as many high end PC's these days have an SLI setup.8/10"
,Recommended,231430,12441066,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,God,This game taught me how to press buttons in WW2
76561197965651558,Recommended,231430,8468469,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Mythary,"Fun, more features than previous Company of Heroes. Takes some time to learn."
76561198004904914,Recommended,231430,22586629,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,bobjones522,"A brutal, extremely fun & replayable game, with new maps coming out all the time."
76561198324806040,Recommended,231430,24984139,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Ace922g,great game
76561198092274428,Recommended,231430,10028566,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,TaterzNcorn,"Very fun game, Challenging dynamic AI, Graphics quality is TOP NOTCH.Audio is Good, No problems with install or gameplay.Highly recommended."
76561198040946287,Recommended,231430,21994778,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,SparkZapz,"Hours of fun and frustrationPros:WW2 RTSEasy UIGreat MultiplayerNot outdatedDescent Graphics and PhysicsCons:Relic slowly driving this game to the groundwith overpowered commanders and the brits.unit pathingskill gap (to be expected from an ""old game"")I love Company of Heroes 2.  Either playing axis or allies, there is always something new to try in this game.  It's a pretty hard game to get into if you're new but a few hours mastering micro and learning your troop builds and you should be fine.  The singleplayer aspect seems a bit empty so if you're looking for a single player rts, you've come to the wrong place.  Although Relic has kinda f*cked up some aspects of the game, I still enjoy my matches on both sides.  Overall, if you and a friend are looking for a new game to play, Company of Heroes 2 is where its at."
76561198006837850,Not Recommended,231430,7763179,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Guazzelli,"Very good graphics and gameplay. Not compare to his antecessors, this is a entire new game ! For worse ...."
76561198099740356,Recommended,231430,24810252,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,DarkIce,"I like World World War games so I had to buy this game and I play it alot, which is the best RTS I have seen."
,Recommended,231430,24812002,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,DeMoose1,"A great game! I love it! The best part is making a skirmish and playing online with your friends! It may be a bit challenging to get used to. But once you do, it's amazing!"
76561198025203234,Recommended,231430,25000392,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Blank_Blank ☢,"Great game, just really really annoying service mainanance that happens every fricking day! WHY???? WHY????? :("
76561198125678856,Recommended,231430,23109791,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Mrluigi084,Gereat game with friends
,Recommended,231430,17775624,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,TickleMyAnus,It might be heavy dlc pushcarting but the base game is still worth it and its pretty good. Your classic rts.
76561198200598518,Recommended,231430,20163701,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,killerxxx22xx,it a great game to get
76561198071304984,Recommended,231430,24381420,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Johan Liebert,Used 5 infantery troups against 2 and a tank. after driving them off all of them got annihilated by mortar fire because i didnt paid attention to them for five seconds100/10 would massacre my troups again
76561197967592758,Recommended,231430,24245902,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Kopp,"Pretty addictive RTS, a few bugs that relic should have sorted out by now."
,Recommended,231430,2985461,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,L2Pro,Вуаще крутатенюшка)
76561197960454901,Recommended,231430,9021129,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,EagleEye ( o ),"Another example of a game that was prematurely released resulting in a poor performance (I won't count the ways).    However, in the past 6 months, it has shown notable improvements and with the November 2013 release of map creation and subscription through steam, the game has really turned it around.  The AI is better (not quite where it should be but it's getting there).    The maps people are creating are improving (gee, it would be nice if the SW publisher could put out a new map pack... I'd even pay for it).    The map view does not move out far enough (too myopic).    Overall, I still think it's an improvement.   Gee, it would be nice to play US or British on these maps as well... Keep going team, I expect more but for now... it's a thumbs up :)."
76561198103910241,Recommended,231430,24032312,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,agik,Good choice for WWII RTS funs.
76561198279835199,Recommended,231430,24037320,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Wulfenstien Aberworth,Great got acept the theatre of war dlc content and still can't play the campaign dam'it
76561198049722340,Recommended,231430,9961952,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Ꮆ卂ㄚ千尺乇ᗪ ᗪ乇ㄥㄩ乂乇,Sooo fun <3 :3
76561198118990059,Recommended,231430,16030989,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,GreeN910,one of the best game I EVER play
,Recommended,231430,16032242,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Crakien,"I love it, no sarcasm. 9/10"
,Not Recommended,231430,21827233,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,you're welcome,This game just keeps crashing
76561198216229488,Recommended,231430,28852771,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ork warbozz okazz,just more relic i love me some relicBLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD!!!
76561198199560615,Recommended,231430,31753883,Posted: 14 May,all,Canadian Batman,Really fun but they could have let you play as germany in singleplayer 8/10
,Recommended,231430,32942747,Posted: 28 June,all,Muckayy,Amazing when you now how everything works
,Not Recommended,231430,26595675,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Cpt. Speirs,I would rather buy a re-mastered Tales of Valor.Really. This game can't give you that feeling of reality. It's like fireworks everywhere.
76561198148229666,Recommended,231430,31537501,Posted: 4 May,all,Medivh,สนุก เเต่ไม่ค่อยสมจริง
,Recommended,231430,33102665,Posted: 1 July,all,[1stTX.B]Cpt. Boland,"Suck at strategy games, used to hate them with a passion, only recently got into the faster paced one after playing alot of Total War, Dawn of War, etc... Holy sweet baby jesus, this game has ignited a love for RTS games it's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. I'm going to go spend countless more hours in it now with my friends, Wehrmacht best macht."
,Recommended,231430,22908088,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,CheeKs,i Bought this game for 999.95 On my Steam Wallet Suprisingly It was Worth it Because i had alot of Fun Except for When i join PvP Servers they Kick me For no Reason and Why did they Even put it On Public if they will Just kick people But i Loved playing Skirmish by myself and Some Bots But The Price to Buy this game Is So high so Me and my Friend cant play it So i will be Going back to COH1 If you Like COH1 This is a Must Have Thanks for your Time reading my Review.
,Recommended,231430,22882430,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Rubber Duck,"I like Company of Heroes 2 very much, but there's a few things I'd really would love to have SEGA change asap.One of them is the crazy amount of strain this game puts on even great GPUs. This is probably the reason why it begins to stutter like crazy sometimes, and this is a serious flaw that should be adressed right away. It's simply impossible to play when this starts - the only solution I have is to leave the battle, close COH 2, close STEAM, and restart the computer.The other thing is that it is very confusing for new players to figure out which battles/missions are Singleplayer and which are multiplayer in the shop, and on top of that, how the #%¤! do I get Sovjet and Wehrmacht?I can't find a single word anywhere about these 2 armies. Do they come as a reward later on, or what? SEGA, provide some more detailed info on these things please.Aside from this, it's a fun game, much like an upgraded version of Command and Conquer."
76561198066097621,Recommended,231430,22919309,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Dougster,"I'm really enjoying playing Coh2 - it's a riveting mix of strategy & tactics fighting for territory on interesting WWII maps.Territory is your main economy & victory condition - so you can't sit back and ""turtle up"" (or at least as you do so, you'll need to fight). Each player starts with base defenses which prevent fast base rushes. Single unit spam is also risky, as the game contains lots of ""counters"" - so armies of one unit type wil generally get crushed.Put all of this together, and you get fluid gameplay where games don't get too ""samey"" - which keeps me on the edge of my seat for the whole 20-60 minute game (and that's just against the AI). It does require some time investment to get to know, though - you need to get to know how unit differences, buildings, cover & abilities work to really appreciate it.Altogether a heartily recommended modern game for strategy & tactics fans, from my perspective!"
76561198104448573,Recommended,231430,22928464,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Anew,buy it dude they is still some frog brain AI but some time that frog brain ai can get you rage lol
76561198154191840,Recommended,231430,22932578,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Full-Metal-Joker,"Relic's ""Company of Heros franchise is beautiful, with its high tech graphics and immersive gameplay, although they could expand the campaign out to introduce 2 new factions like the Japanese Maritime force or the American Marines because the entire story seems to focused on Europe and Asia (yes,Russia is a part of Asia) and yet there was still a last part of the war to cover that NEEDS covering, otherwise the game would see no deviation from other RTS WW2 based games, so adjusting the game for naval RTS as well as beach invasion using the same RISK concept as Ardennes Assault for both sides to represent a constant struggle, I know that I am one person but one person leading an army once conquered the known world so I set to find new, unique ways to diversify from your average game. Other wise 10/10 would play again and again."
76561198111654671,Recommended,231430,22933279,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Graff the Giraffe,"Company of heroes 2.Continues to deliver time and time again. I would highly recommend this game for anyone that is interested.Even without all of the DLC, it makes for a fantastic experience.Honestly,  if I had more time to play I would."
,Recommended,231430,22988317,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Tormund Giantsbane,"This game is good for the singleplayer. If you want to play multiplayer, i'd go with Men of War: Assault Squad 2."
76561198261195768,Recommended,231430,22998327,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Tony Montana,yea for sure ! this game worth everry penny !
,Recommended,231430,23019588,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Necro,Nerf the god damn shock troops
76561198059522527,Recommended,231430,22911721,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Dustworm,"This is the best RTS game i have played, by a long way.  The cover system makes for an excellent tactical game. Another, good point is that if you take a beating, the way the resource points work means that it doesnt mean the end of the match, unlike every other RTS i have played."
76561198007564423,Recommended,231430,23003121,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Noggmoritz,10/10 would defend the Reich again
76561198009195667,Recommended,231430,22728354,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,sh4d0wyhvnt3r,"great game, Incrible OST!"
76561198274424219,Recommended,231430,22995101,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Mr.Coplotel-Alexe,So beautiful :0
,Recommended,231430,22743492,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,cornfedboy,"I haven't played this game nearly as much as some other reviews; however, I have played it enough to know it is one of the best RTSs out there. Relic has a fantastic resource system in every RTS is makes and this is no different. The constant flanking and strategy involved in the CoH franchise sets it apart from everything else out there.One of my favorite games on steams.Highly recommend."
76561198284554696,Recommended,231430,22962657,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Slyskydiver,The game just stoped working for me and I have no idea why just one day I tried to play and it just said steam is to busy to help you (like always) and it just said is not responding it sucks I had just got British Forces that day and this game is so cool I can only help that this gets fixed soon.
76561198030417395,Recommended,231430,15493734,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Sanguinius,Are you tired of noob Russians in DOTA 2 and CS:GO? Is your grudge level already at its maximum? Play this game as Germans and start killing some Soviet soldiers to empty yourself.8/10 compared to its ancestors.
,Not Recommended,231430,22697485,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Porkins,"When I try to play with the US Forces, or any downloadable army for that matter, in skirmish mode the game tells me I need to buy the army and redirects me to the steam store page.  I purchased the master collection of CoH2, so this should be included.  If anyone can help me, please do so.  I will gladly change the reviw of this game to a positive recomendation when I am able to play with the armies I paid for."
,Not Recommended,231430,22706692,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,The last resort,♥♥♥♥ing piece of bogus♥♥♥♥♥♥with rnjesus no realism just a realy sad ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game yet again
,Recommended,231430,13152970,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Trap Pervy Sage,BEST GAME EVER 8/8 GR8 M8
76561198137327454,Recommended,231430,22562985,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Emperorcumface,"What you pay is what you get, and you certainly ""get"" in this game.One of the best competitive RTS games i've played too date.If youre into a quality strategy, look no further than COH2, you wont be dissapointed"
,Recommended,231430,22565210,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Falco,Gr8 Game waiting to be played - Must Be Played
76561198087988189,Recommended,231430,22569788,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Isindel,i like the game. nice one.
,Recommended,231430,22572671,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,TheGuyYouDontKnow,"I recommend this game to anyone that likes WW2 and likes RTS-style games such as: Age Of Empires, Warcraft, Starcraft  or other RTS's. Even if you dont like the look of this game, give it a try. You can always refund. I bet you won't need to."
,Recommended,231430,22577443,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Sarif,foken great mate
76561198122803696,Recommended,231430,22578923,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,TYITEN,"Best RTS for realism, just like WWII you control ground you are winning"
76561198127173783,Recommended,231430,22578964,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,ThunderCrap,"solid game, fun to play. the only flaw was the dlc, other than that its a good game overall"
76561198084722353,Recommended,231430,22579607,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,PrussianRussian,"Fantastic game, the only bummer about it is that it isnt crossplatform with MAC users."
,Recommended,231430,22558805,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Llamaclaus,playing with friend had 37 anti tanks 2 german tanks took them all out gg ♥♥♥♥ germans
76561198024420932,Recommended,231430,22559974,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,GreeD,I love CoH 1 but CoH 2 stole mine heart cant w8 for Afrika corp expansion to come out and hope they put Axis mission!
,Recommended,231430,22560040,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Frogskope,"This review is about the game, not the commander business model. The game is very fun for an RTS and is probably one of the highest quality RTS games out there. It is brutal sometimes and the British forces say the funniest things. It's absolutely worth picking up, sometimes commanders go on sale. Also, Sega is working on a new model that allows you to earn commanders through points rather than just paying for it. The community is pretty decent and the devs to communicate as well. It's worth picking up."
,Recommended,231430,20886545,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,RiverDancer,This has been one of my favorite RTS of all time- and that is despite the level of 'random' outcome in engagements which is the sole reason for why this game did never make it big in competitive gaming.
,Recommended,231430,13617460,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,frankensource,"Company of Heroes 2 is a great game overall.Pros:Great Graphics, you can see the detail in their rifles!Cool gameplay, epic tanks and all sorts of infantry squads are at your disposal.If you love history, this game is based heavily off history, such as Order 227( To retreat is to  be shot upon by your teammates.)Lots. And LOTS. of Content. This game has so much content, there is enough of it to fill three mockingjay books and still have content left over!Lots of addons, such as playing as the Germans ( Wehrmacht), the Russians, (Soviets), or the US Forces. Each force has their unique abilities.Cons:Small annoyances in the gameplay, and you need a good computer to play Company of Heroes 2.A lot like the first Company of Heroes, only a few small changes, but the first COH was awesome, so that was good.My experience of COH2 in a nutshell:COH2 is the best RTS I have played. EVER.Hope my comment helped you get the awesome COH2."
76561198007938509,Not Recommended,231430,11519358,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Ozonia,Graphics bugs rendered the game unplayable since the very beginning. Upgrading drivers or changing settings didn't help.Money lost.
76561197977338544,Not Recommended,231430,11587583,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Gigica,"Well Coh2 is a great game BUT pls make germans less OP rly they are so ♥♥♥♥ING OP,you can see the play rate of it.80% ppl play germans and 20% ppl play allies. Buff allies or debuff germans."
,Not Recommended,231430,12033084,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,|>~(+)Hitman(+)~<|,"It's like a bad mod for CoH 1 without really interesting innovations.You just can choose only 2 types of units and theres a short singleplayer.I bought this game 66% cheaper but it was also almost to expensive for this game. If you like the first part of  CoH you better never buy the second it will be disapointed.In my opinion the full paket of CoH 1 is so much better specially the Blitzkrieg mod with alot of new maps, i'm going back to this game because the old stuff is somestimes the gold stuff ;)"
76561198101755816,Not Recommended,231430,12038675,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Master Blaster,I loved the first game but i bought this game expecting to be able to play right aweay however that was a false misjudgment. When you buy this game you arent buying the game to play it you are buying the game to just have a template where you buy dlcs for. Without the Downloadable content that costs 20 additional dollars this game is practically useless unless you want to play a few tutorials otherwise you just spent 20 dollars on tutorial content.
76561198035895091,Not Recommended,231430,12067773,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,alex1892,"If you have played the first Company of Heroes, don't buy this, you will be disappointed. Gameplay is not as exciting, graphics are a step down, but is still fairly entertaining RTS."
76561198060846922,Not Recommended,231430,12073860,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,101st - CPT de Kievit,"I am playing COH2 from the start and I am very sad and done with this game... It is still unbalanced certaintly when you are playing USA vs axis. I deleted this game since its not realistic, unbalanced and you are pushed to play axis for having funn..."
76561198140448526,Not Recommended,231430,13201582,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,sidleigh86,"I really like the format, capturing outposts, research tec, and gameplay. However the FOUL LANGUAGE IS A MUST GO! I cannot stand how i cant play this game without cringing becuase of the bad language it bugs my moral concious. The victory points games are not so good and the fact that you have to buy all the unlocks to play different side and capaigns is a real drag. I wouldnt have bought it at its full price. Otherwise it is a good game."
,Not Recommended,231430,17834605,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,bogdishmelyk,"hei, my game is get crasht every time i play, what can i do to fix it. please help"
76561198024243715,Not Recommended,231430,17837059,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,mdulevicius,wtf i canot play no more !!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,231430,17850531,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Lucky Stryke,"The promo was ONLY the damn ardene assaultthis is the most stupid thing ever...I can not play the damn standart game, though it says that is already on my gamelist..."
76561197983869428,Not Recommended,231430,17856125,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Lefty,DlC for this game makes me sick greed at its best
76561198087944220,Not Recommended,231430,17863196,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,SouthSide805,ok game but not good as COH 1 best ww2 RTS best audio and visual graphics sounds realistic best rts game ever COH 1 !!!
,Not Recommended,231430,17877992,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,flukey,"This is a review about the actual game not the business model.I absolutely cannot recommend this game. There are no improvements in my opinion above the orignal company of heroes, and there is actually less in terms of content. Did you like being able to choose where your base buildings should go? Too bad. Did you like being able to delete structures? too bad. I mean how simple is that?I can't believe that having '15 units' in a nation is heralded as a good thing, when there are games such as Men of War II out there. And don't get started on the frustrating mechanics. Your population cap will be reached so quickly you'll barely have enough units to build like 2 emplacements and also be able to attack. Most armoured vehicle fights are simply 'who has the most HP' and RNG instead of considering actual ricochet angles and the armour involved (unless you're shooting with a small caliber). There is a huge lack of actual micromanagement and variety overall.tl;dr. I think this might actually be a downgrade from the original unless you really like the online competitive play (which has its own fair share of problems). If you want to play a game like this, the original is cheaper, and if you want a much more in depth game - buy Men of War  II"
,Not Recommended,231430,8402604,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,twitch.tv/alexmckalex,I try to play the game and it says that i should take it out of compatability mode and I don't know how. Also when I run the game in compatability mode it crashes and the controls don't work well.
76561198019380005,Not Recommended,231430,8411209,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ZuluFucxs,HEEEEEELL NO
,Not Recommended,231430,9957705,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,bristol_flyguy1980,"Currently cant recommend this game due to issue with nvidia hardware and newer drivers causing bad texture issues and model corruption, needs to be sorted, wish id not bought the game now. WIll run if your on older nvidia drivers 332 and belowEdit: as of end of July, the graphical issues have been resolved in the 340.52 drivers however, even with a single 780 ti, the game performance is only just acceptable. Its a very poorly coded game and i hope we see some game optimisation."
76561198011668758,Not Recommended,231430,17760506,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Keego Extremo,"I'm not saying this for shock value or to be edgy, but this is literally the worst RTS I've ever played.I say worst I've ever played,not worst ever made. I initially thought the game was good and it is an improvement in some ways over the first Company of heroes, and maybe if I'd have played that one more recently I'd have to say Coh1 is worse, but suffice to say they both are terrible RTS games in a number of ways. I initially gave this game a thumbs up but after playing for a longer time and realizing I'm not just bad it, I have to not recommend this game.The biggest reason is units die in seconds. This isn't me 'just being bad' I played thousands of hours of Dawn of war 2 (and a hefty amount of dawn of war 1) which has much the same formula with the exception that they were actually fun, and I was actually really good at it. However, getting to this game tanks blow up extremely easily form german artillery, yet infantry AV does next to nothing to tanks. Tanks are also stunned very frequently and engine damaged making them even more vulnerable. The game is also absurdly imbalanced.I have to be honest and say there are so many issues I don't even know if I can articulate them propperly. I can't tell if the units are really imbalanced IE the anti-armor weapons destroy tanks in a few hits against american tanks (american being what I played the most) yet the AP weapons so much as fart on infantry and they're suppressed. Units love to try and all stand in one place making grenades easily destroy entire squads WAY more often than it ever should. Artillery although not as totlaly insane as in the first game still has absurd long range. Now to stop myself from rambling I don't know if this only sucks as playing americans making it a team balance issue, or if it sucks playing as any other faction but I do no it's never fun.On top of that the maps are MASSIVE with long slogs to and from the battle making giving needlessly long periods between having your units dying (aka fighting) and them walking back and for from the battlfeild.TL:DRThe pay to win aspect isn't really an issue, but this game is just terrible. If you want a good RTS play Dawn of war 2 or even dawn of war 1. Don't buy this, don't put yourself through it, it's not in any way balanced it's just poorly designed."
76561197973579362,Not Recommended,231430,17821559,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,shadow_knight,game kinda sucks i got it for $10 and that is about how much it is worth...you can only play on 2 sides ...you can play other countries by buying the DLC but this game is no where near as good as total war
76561198036542823,Not Recommended,231430,17876910,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,JerryMan the JerryCan,"So I got this game when it first came out, and it was awesome. The whole commanders idea was great, I found a combination that worked beautifuly for me. It didn't last long, however, as one day I boot up the game to find 2 of the 3 commanders I chose were missing.A few days later they came back as DLC.I uninstalled COH2 promptly afterwards because I knew a wave of DLC♥♥♥♥♥♥was coming, based on my experience with PAYDAY2.Prepare your wallet if you buy this game, all the good stuff is barely achievable without money."
76561198006729666,Not Recommended,231430,17886289,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,duff_boi_008,"british forces was the biggest let down ive had from a game DLC. you play as the british empire/commonwealth yet there are no units from anywhere thats outside of the isles. no ANZACS, no Canadians and no Indians. i was expecting atleast 'Sikh reinforcments' special abilities or 2 Anzac squads that you can request. no canadian paratroopers, nothing thats any fun. theres not much of a selection of units, just plain inf, machaine gun and engineers. ONE AT cannon, and 4 tanks. its absolutely sh*t. when you have commando insertions you only get ONE squad of them. they die like flies when in close combat but theyre given SMGs? WTF. i really hope relic gets their crap together and fills in the missing content. i would love to see North African maps, skins and units for germans, americans and brits. and would love to see a WW2 game actually involve Italy in it. am not very impressed with this DLC. no commonwealth nations were involved."
76561198100448983,Not Recommended,231430,17904874,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,samuraikenji22,"The game is fun, without a doubt very fun game! But the way they handle and sell the game? My god they suck! To make it worse, their DLC dont work and dont expect any support in any way eighter! Once they got your money, you can pray everything goes well or install as supposed, or you done for!:("
,Not Recommended,231430,17912058,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Wolfgang pass auf!,cool game until they fcked up the whole gameplay with the british forces. totally unbalanced. british tanks and infantry way too powerfull.
,Not Recommended,231430,17927385,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,★ GunSlinger ★,war spoils broken. i just spent 13$ on the british forces and i played 3 hours straight friend gets vanguard within 49 mins and i wasted 3 hours of my life killing men and dont get anything
76561198012476340,Not Recommended,231430,17989979,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,testarget,garbage
76561198193350065,Not Recommended,231430,17992758,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Panzerlied1944,hate it
76561197986629379,Not Recommended,231430,18891359,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Vali,Neat game most of the time - A bit of a DLC hell unfortunately
76561198094227253,Not Recommended,231430,19017051,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Haloeye,"The Good:Game is pretty well balanced with each army having a specialty to them. And while I haven't played many RTS I do like this one for it's accuracy in some regards. The graphics are cool as well especially with higher settings.The Bad:Games crashes irregularly. Drop rates for anything is sparse.Overly the game is alright. But still needs a lot of work.Edit: Buggy has ♥♥♥♥ing hell. Nerfed and money hungry has hell.Don't waste your money til they fix it.Long story short I can't really recommend this game, but at the same time if you want a decent WWll RTS then this is a pretty good one has far as I know in comparison too other.Edit**: On a side note, I played played OKW, and when I saw they were removing the Konigstiger from being a production unit, I gave up. It's probably the only good unit the OKW get."
76561198069245684,Recommended,231430,10914844,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,shota1977,Hello everyone.CAn someone expalin me why when I want to start a campain it's telling me that I need to purchase something from the STEAM? And when I'm clicking it it's telling me that not allowed to see this item.Its horrible.I've paid for the game and cannot use it.Please advise.Thanks.
76561198045522016,Recommended,231430,10916347,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,An Alien Fetus,"A question for someone smarter than me, i bought western armies however when i go to play it and choose campaign i am given three difficulties and then the option to purchase(the game itself which i already bought) or cancel. If anyone could tell me whats going on or if im just stupid that would be great, thanks."
76561198088057001,Recommended,231430,14470944,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,ashleycummins1986,over all a good game fun but is still not as good as the first game.
76561198049302673,Recommended,231430,14471228,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,BoiDrone,"ive played Coh1 alot and im very impressed very well Produced game, and ive played Coh2 an even BETTER game one of my favorite games off all time. some people cant micro like this game requires an that comes with practice ive logged 180+ hours an in still not brave enuff to fight 1v1 online. the reviews that diss imo are the handicaped players that just whine n rage quit. you know who you are. i vote Coh2 for make War not Love all the way get the game check it out buy the DLC whatever it cost idc it showes suport an dedication to the company when you contribute. these game designers dont get paid like Sony on MIcrosoft and they bring a unique experience only captured on a PC."
,Recommended,231430,14490435,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,fuel,wut the♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,231430,14490794,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,The Great Uniter,A great game....IF you get all of the main DLC packs. So it's a money hog. The engine could also use a little work. Other than these issues this is one of my favorite games as it toutches on the human aspect of the war quite well; IE you end up regretting every man you lose. COH 1 is also an awesome game but is noewhere near as DLC heavey.
76561198036253110,Recommended,231430,14491255,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Le Snails,"Visually this is a beautiful game the gameplay is smooth but i would only recommend it to players with beefier PCs. This is a good game, despite poor multiplayer due to unbalanced forces. The campaign is good as it has a realistic and historically accurate story. Gameplay can get frantic, This is definately not a game on which one can relax! I also wouldn't recommend this game to someone looking for multiplayer gameplay! The Soviet forces rely heavily upon sheer numbers with their conscript squads, however the Axis Forces rely on their armour which is unlocked later in the game, so, if the Axis power can hold out they will inevitably destroy the Soviets as their numbers will be rendered obsolete by their heavy tanks. Despite this the Axis tanks are considerably nerfed in the campaign and are easier to destroy when fighting for AI.The Pros:Visual qualitySmooth GameplayRealistic and Accurate CampaignVaried Units for the Different ArmiesThe Cons:Poor Multiplayer: Laggy and Unbalanced ForcesRequires a Beefy ComputerExtremely Overpowered Axis Armoured vehicles (Tanks)"
,Not Recommended,231430,18596652,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Shepherd™,"Multiplayer is dead, no point of playing"
76561198091182944,Not Recommended,231430,18644494,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Canayen Métis ⚜,"I don't have much expecreince with multiplayer, for now it's fun, even though it's hard to find a game, but the campaign is way too buggy and the dlcs are too... present."
76561198032807362,Not Recommended,231430,19000745,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,•|•Berasedi•|•,"Company of Heroes 2 is a decent game for a couple of hours I must admit, but all in all I can not recommend it. If you want a cheap alternative buy CoH1 + addons in Keystore its 10 years old and its nearly the same game, but much less to pay for!I only recommend this game for People who are willing to pay this much money for all the addons and stuf ingame, or have some friends to play with. Otherwise you will have to pay a lot of money for a unbalanced and player unfriendly game.Reasons I can not recommend:1. Pay, pAy PaY, pay...Pay for everything, Pay to win, Pay to play, until your eyes bleed.And on top of it you have to pay so much money for every little detail, like commanders, addons, single player addons, skins, even more skins and so on.All in all you have to pay, I think not less then 150-200 Euros if you want to get everything in this game, and thats way to much for a game that not has much more content and features then the 10 years older CoH1.2.They changed the loot system some months ago!Ruined the good feeling at the end fo the games. Cause:Before the changes you got some nice gimmicks like skins and so on every couple of level as you leveld up, but now you only get ananimated lootchestfalling down randomly! But not for all pleaers!!! You end up gettingnothingor just some useless crap every 3-5 games, but your teamates gets blue commanders, blue skins almost every game. That loot system is crap and unfair, cause everyone invests the same amount of energy and time. But if some players get better and more stuff then others its useless and forces me to think about alternative Games. Thats so annoying, it really forced me to write this review and runied the game expereience for me, at the moment.3. Not many changes to CoH1. You can play the over 10 years odler game and have nearly the same good feeling. At CoH2, I personally feel like I sold my soul most of the time. :D"
76561198029521884,Not Recommended,231430,19211594,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Coldare,1/2 a Game. The rest you have to buy via Micro Transactions :(
,Not Recommended,231430,19815238,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,VaultBoy,"This game is not company of heroes.  Utter crap compared to the first one. Alone it's a 7/10, compared to the first one 3.5."
,Not Recommended,231430,19836230,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,The Wanderer,The only reason i dislike this game is because there are no French team to march on their corpses with the tiger tankother then that worth every penny 10/10
,Not Recommended,231430,19997663,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Desdell,"Don't buy it! It's a waste of money, buggy as hell on Mac. RTS games try so hard to be cows these days, that's why this game has a thumb down in my agenda."
76561198120549858,Not Recommended,231430,20369659,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,(^^),"LOL dont buy COH 2 if you play german, british ♥♥♥♥ you up, I stoped playing it after british army release. too OP"
76561198000787952,Not Recommended,231430,20387466,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,leanham44,"There's always a lot going on which is great to make you feel pressured and provide your squad support. It gets old as you have to nanny every item, men, machine guns, tanks etc. They will do little work on their on once set up. Vehicles have an annoying tendancy to waste time rotating before they move and often loose chasing down enemy when told. So how can you manage everything at once when you're needed to be controling each unit everytime there's fighting. The AI is too intelligent in knowing where you guns' shot radius is and often stand at the edge of it somehow. Very annoying game, would be great if your units responded more accurately to where you click and the AI had the map fog affect them like human players. It a waste of time and money from me sorry!"
76561198007708792,Not Recommended,231430,20418689,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Rongo Matane,"I bought Ardenne Assault because i wanted to have american troops to, for variety. Surprise surprise, i can only play the campaign with them - if i want to use them in a skirmish, i have to buy them for 13€, just as the other nations. This is, after i already payed more for this game than for most others.Horrible DLC politics, that was the last time i bough anything from Relic and Sega."
76561197967749013,Not Recommended,231430,20432151,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,A:ss Pirate ---------- ARRR!,"The store page for this game reads:multiplayer standalones allow you toplay on any map against anyoneowning any COH2 product.Unfortunately, that is far from the truth. Feral Interactive, the company that ported the game to Linux and Mac OS,explains whyon the COH2 discussion forum. This information is not on the store page as of January 9, 2016.Once I realized I wouldn't be able to play with my friend who purchased the game, I returned it for a full refund."
76561197984052338,Not Recommended,231430,10843483,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Wolfman Jack,"I pre-purchased the game and paid for it. However, when installed, the game will not play past the tutorial.  They took my money and did not give me a workable game!  And of course their customer support is virtually nonexistant.  The Steam concept is great, but their implementation of it is very poor, particularly in the customer support area.  I would try to buy real discs of games I want and not go through Steam.Update: I bought my wife a top of the line MacBook and decided to put the CoH2 franchise on it.  I had to pay an additional $60 for the complete series, but didn't receive anything but the Theater of War missions, none of the other missions I was suposed to.  Then, after two weeks of working just fine, the game started crashing when I tryed to launch the game.  I am currently working with Feral support, which is far superior to Steam support, to resolve the problem and we seem to be making some progres, but it is slow.Also, the PC version of steam finally got fixed and is running ok, but I can not change my rating until all that I have paid for is working the way it should."
76561198058423936,Not Recommended,231430,11504855,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Weltraumbaer,"I made an review some months ago and was realy disappointed by the performance of the game. Especially that even with a pretty good gaming notebook it was impossible to play. There were those bugs and crashes that made the game just bad.It changed. Several patches and some tricks later (Including the performance boost by disabling reviews) made it a good game without looking at the content, which is still pretty unbalanced: German fractions are definetly more overpowered than the Russians in case of Tanks and other armored vehicles. They can build superior tanks in their buildings, while russians need special commanders to match them. Eventhough: It is realy difficult to encounter a skilled Kingtiger, espcially when the Germans can get several. The online match system even tells you what is going on: 80 % of all players are looking for a match against the allies all the time.Never the less: Game improved. True sight and wetter conditions make it interessting.New review in 2016: Game performance is fu**** up beyond all recognition and support is practicaly non existent. Posted my issues 100 times: no response. Sad indeed, because the game would be great if fixed for NVIDIA users"
,Not Recommended,231430,12746804,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,SnagelBatcher258,"I won't go into depth here. Let me tell you what this game will give you. I've played it for many hours, so I do have plenty of experiences with it.Buy this game if you like:1.Spending $200 for all the DLC to get one complete game, or even all the units. Biggest gripe here.2.Extra missions (Theatre of War) and DLC that is not play-tested after balance patches. Try Tiger Ace on General.3.Machine gunners that can't hit blobs the size of Mississippi.4.Watching soldiers soak up bullets and stand there with hardly a grimace (goes for both sides).5.Micromanaging your AT guns to oblivion.6. An inaccurate portrayal of WWII in Russia.7. Bouncing your tiger's 88 over ten times off of KV armor, while it's 76 penetrates your tiger's thicker front armor.8. German OKW soldiers having a huge advantage over US forces.9. Stereotypical British sayings.DON'T buy this game if you like:1. Any realism. Honestly, it's gone.2. Keeping all your hair. You'll be ripping it out by the time you're done.3. Complete and tested WWII masterpieces.Relic.. How did you make such a mess? I have a problem with tanks that would one-shot enemy lighter tanks in real life taking five hits to destroy the enemy in-game. It's REALLY sad that I have to rely on modders' tuning packs in order for gameplay to be tolerable. Play with the Spearhead mod, everything it does makes a lot more sense. Relic should be taking notes from its creator."
76561198083314080,Not Recommended,231430,17943113,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,lomaxwes,NO BALANCE BRITISH I WILL NEVER BYE A PRODUCT SEGA
76561198071988104,Not Recommended,231430,18796709,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Shalafi,"Relic ruined the game..... Crashed, crashed, crashed. Bug splat, bug splat, bug splat. Thats all."
76561198034690662,Not Recommended,231430,18844400,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,paulturner.ork,How can I recommend something that doesn't work?
76561197971239280,Not Recommended,231430,19173650,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,daelin4,"They keep changing this game dramatically with patches, including what you would get in DLCs. Don't bother."
76561198075937434,Not Recommended,231430,19832750,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,FulminicTux,"CoH 1 was the best Real Time Strategy game ever made. Its great for LAN-Parties. Just start a server, let your buddies connect and fill the remaining slots with bots.CoH 2 is a big step backwards. You buy a game that always complains when your offline. The LAN-Mode is hidden in a sub-menu. Whenever you start the game, you are asked to buy some superfluos camoflage paintings.I bought CoH 2 for Linux. In the beginning, it just worked. After a few month, it complains to be out of date. This means, it cannot connect to online services.It seems as if Relic wants to get rid of its users. Every patch makes the game less worth to play it!My tip: Get a copy of CoH 1 Tales of Valor. You will have more maps and units without annoying ""online features""!"
76561198029376208,Not Recommended,231430,20518264,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Plotzlich!,Horrible game.  Even on easy mode enemy units spawn faster than yours.
76561197984313082,Recommended,231430,9999374,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,GustavLine,"This game is increasingly getting better and better. Great work by Relic and the result will in time be the best RTG ever, there's no question about that.For any WW2 buff or strategist this is a must! Only negative is a whining community but that is to be expected given the type of game and also the politic background of the factions still lead to flamewar sometimes.Awesome multiplayer, but make sure you learn the game before heading into that arena or you will take a lot of abuse from co-players.Regardless of this= 5 stars out of 5 any day of the week!"
76561198097645393,Recommended,231430,10064030,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,DG-gamer,its a really good game!!
76561198031577985,Recommended,231430,10708984,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,xapou,"An entirely different approach to the franchise from a strategic standpoint. Resources are harder to come by and the AI is more intuitive than on the previous game. Base construction and upgrading are therefore alswo more difficult. It could often be a bit too asy on the older game. I like the medal/epaulets amassing style.However, it doesn't allow for massing up in numbres like on the real war back then, and it can feel a bit too much like an arena setup.Many more features and a few no-nos, and I highly recommend it.High replayability (is that a word? I t is now) on this one. Hope they drop the price during the Summer sale so I can hook up a buddy or two."
76561198120278096,Recommended,231430,9958888,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,BobbyLee^^,"This game is a must have for anyone who enjoys RTS', as well as any history lover of the WWII era. Highly Recommended!"
,Recommended,231430,9995652,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,SL0PEY,very fun for any rts fan!
76561198060912367,Recommended,231430,25847655,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,kizza,Good game. Well worth the money.
76561197966865612,Not Recommended,231430,19309002,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Chris,"Nothing but a shameless cash grab by a once honorable game developer. It's amazing what a little success in today's market will do to the ego and corporate greed of comapnies out there. They had a successful and masterful game in the orignal COH and you can tell it def went to their head in all the wrong ways. Their goals in life seem to have shifted away from providing a fun quality product to their customer, and have now been replaced by how much money can we get our customer to pay for a game that has been divided and sliced up more ways than a birthday cake at an Weight Watchers Convention. Just to produce more ""dlc"" for a crap base game that truthfully doesnt even deserve the COH title. If you want to play a good quality COH game skip this trash and play the first COH with all of its DLC. Now that is a game worth your money."
76561198140075247,Not Recommended,231430,19349715,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,MASTERCONSOLE,"Bello il gioco, ma per chi ha un mac il multyplayer online è inesistente per la mancanza di giocatoripotreste fare in modo che i giocatori dei mac e dei windows possano giocare negli stessi server?this is a good game, but if you have a mac, you can't play multyplayer online because there aren't so much players. If you can, make a game where mac players and windows players can join in the same server"
76561198016466267,Not Recommended,231430,19571402,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Maist,"After playing more then 400 hours, i can firmly state that you should NOT buy this game.It's not all bad, and the game itself is actually good. but the bad parts totaly ruin the game experiance.Pros:+ Great graphics+ Fun gameplay+ Constant updates and patches.Cons:- Balance:The game was released about 3 years ago, and yet it it not balanced at all. Every new patch Relic releases the balance becomes worse and a different faction takes the OP rule.A game with a broken balance after three years of patching is a joke.- Bad faction design:The first two factions (Soviets and Wehrmacht) are wonderfully crafted. However, this is looking way worse in the newer factions such as the US forces, Ober Kommando West and the British forces.Examples: The US forces has only one unit available up until the five minutes mark, this unit is also incredibly over powered and therefore there is no reason not to spam it, or to actually use strategy. Actually, the vast majority of US players ive faced didnt do anything expet spamming this particular unit. In order to win with the US forces, you'll have to spamm riflemans, equipt them with a bazooka and BARs, and just run around the map killing everything like a no brainer.- DLC'sI have no problem with DLC's. But this case is an exeption.In COH2, you can choose commanders which give you special abilites and units. Some of these commanders are free and some are ""premium"". Obviously the premium commanders are way better than the free once. Each premium commander costs 4$, and although you can get them for free (at least on paper), it rarely happends and even then, you're more likely to get a commander you already own than a new one. In fact, i've played 400 hours and i've only get about 1/4 of the available commanders, and about dozen duplicats with whom you have absolutly nothing to do since you cant trade them, convet them or do anything with them.This game had a huge amount of potential, unfortunately the bad balancing, lazy faction designs, and stupid DLC policy killed it for me. By the way, buying the game for 60$ means you'll only get the demo version of the game. two factions, and about 1/10 of the commanders. If you want to get the full game, prepare to play about 120$NOT RECOMMENDED."
76561197979795578,Not Recommended,231430,19642996,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Wojtek,"non stop ""balancing"" and nerfing makes game unplayable plus crashing. also who ever made war spoils CAN GO F***k HIM SELF WITH A RUSTY LAWNMOWER BLADE COVERED IN SALT AND BATTERY ACID WHILE GETTING PUCHED IN THE JUNK BY 16 OF THE WORLDS BEST FIGHTERS AND WTF IS THE POINT OF VICTORY STRIKES  ..... thank you"
,Not Recommended,231430,19649945,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,MMA guy,"I was not sure whether to give a thumbs up or thumbs down, but since I found it to be nothing but an overpriced p2p game with no originality or an overly complicated combat system, i'll give it an inverted thumbs up. However, don't compare this game to CoH 1 because this game fails to deliver what CoH gave RTS fans which was a polished and easily understandable gameplay. COH was all class and it gave war RTS fans what we wanted such as tanks, soldiers, option to choose a doctorine and at certain aspects of combat, and a nice Multiplayer feature. CoH 2 seems like a total departure from the original game and appears to be nothing more than just an economic endeavour to fleece as much cash as possible from spoiled kids with their parents wallets. You can buy generals and whatnot to help yourself win games online and they also regularly release expansions to the game for rediculous prices.This game certainly wasn't made to satisfy COH fans because it was clear that there was no passion behind the development.  I didn't enjoy the multiplayer because it was a totally different experience from the single-player mode and seemed incessantly complicated. People would just steamroll over you with their generals that they bought with their allowance money. This game was like a donut that had 10% dough content and the rest was just icing and sprinkles."
,Not Recommended,231430,19736936,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,It Aint Me,Mod the first one with blitzkreig or play men of war. Just another vidya cash grab right here.
76561198007873058,Not Recommended,231430,19744303,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,kaa-python,Very limited support on OS X
76561197988910008,Not Recommended,231430,19748293,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,BARON OF MADNESS,"This game is great, but only if you ever played Star Craft and thought ""Hmm you know what this game needs? WW2 skins!"" Dont get me wrong THQ did a good job in making the base game but if you take away the visuals then you are left with a ""simple"" game and i say simple as in no effort in strategy since it is not simple in the sense it is easy to play rather on the contrary it is a chore sending your forces to bash their heads into the enemy and pull them back to reinforce them so they are ready for round two. Soldiers can run straight into a MG barrel blasing away into their faces without dying, for a good ww2 experience i recommend the Men of War series or the good old CoH with the Blitzkreig mod, or if you are feeling cheeky you can use the Easter Front mod that came out before CoH2 and is actually just the same as CoH2.... To round it all up there are mods that give you the CoH experience BUT a turd covered in gold is still a gold covered turd."
76561198022856963,Not Recommended,231430,19834053,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Hydra_Gaming_Raider,Dissapointing compared to the original. The amount of DLC it pushes and that there is quite a bit of unbalancing I would say buy the original instead. This one is is a big let down.
,Not Recommended,231430,20256982,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,C€RNU$,"Would I recommend this game? [YES] and [NO] at the same time.[YES] good game nicely made (nice graphics but there are still some bugs) but I still prefer the first CoH. Workshop is a plus as you can download new maps, skins or mods.[NO] Too many expensive DLC!!! Do you really want to pay few euros for a new skin or a new commander? Unfortunately sometimes this commander is a + for the multiplayer games.As already explained by others, I cannot recommend the game because of the DLC part (too many & too expensive). I hope SEGA/Relic get the message."
,Recommended,231430,21225771,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Patriarch,$$$ CHIRAQ SAVAGE $$$
76561198245355916,Recommended,231430,21226735,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,aliiraq121,ho
76561197993902972,Recommended,231430,21228855,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Lapisovich Lazulij,Best gaem 3v4   Buy it reit nov
76561198079680444,Recommended,231430,20945064,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,papayafighter,bridge destuction simulator 2013
76561198118037298,Recommended,231430,20950282,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Grenadier,Company of Heroes 2 is the best next to it's father Company of Heroes 1. The best RTS and game i have ever played well based gameplay maps. E3 winner of 2006!Recommended 9/10
76561197972977992,Recommended,231430,20956264,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,zzlpn,Great game spent hours on it so far and still going :)
,Recommended,231430,20959536,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Kildor,as described
76561198118338549,Recommended,231430,20931286,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Sandro The Great,"GLORY TO THE MOTHERLAND!Crush the Fascisti with Soviet might!Drive glorious tanks like the T-34/85 and the KV-2Learn useful Russian swear words that will make you seem worldlyLearn stronk Soviet conscript rush tacticsDevelop a westernised, crappy Russian accent to impress your friendsOh and there's a campaign and other nations to play as...In all seriousness the game's pretty good, despite the campaign never really getting more epic than the first level."
76561198013559996,Recommended,231430,26686571,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Khan,"Admit it, it is good."
76561198027268941,Not Recommended,231430,30875727,Posted: 1 April,all,Hugoagogo15,This game is fun but unplayably laggy in more than 2 v 2 games. I regularly end up with a 5+ minute delay. With a game more than 4 years old this shouldn't still be an issue. Plz lift your game Relic you noobs.
76561198050844268,Recommended,231430,12023886,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Scary Face NL,If you like to play a realistic WW2 strategy game i would recommend Company of Heroes 2. The scenarios and the campaign levels are based on real battles from WW2. The game is well balanced and very appealing. Company of Heroes will take some time to get the hang on but when you do this game is fun for hours.
76561197983784591,Recommended,231430,17806203,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,DirtyStiv,Good game agter first 1 its good to have next story line
,Recommended,231430,17885917,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,✪SavageUniversity,After playing the first CoH in 2006 I have to say...That this is a huge improvement. The graphics are amazing and I feel like im in the battlefield with my troops. The campaign and Multiplayer have made huge improvements as the campaign is longer and more in depth as is it alot easier to find online games on Coh2. In conclusion CoH2 is by far the top RTS game ever made.
76561198028109661,Recommended,231430,17964614,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,shinydog. da king of 1st blood,good game
76561198171283154,Recommended,231430,18560544,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Random,I really want this game.
76561198027613833,Recommended,231430,18050431,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,|JTF| I see dead people,I don't like this game one bit. Joking. This is an awesome game. Life well spent!
,Recommended,231430,14091348,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,MasterSlayer56,A amazing strategy game. A must play.
76561198042988621,Recommended,231430,17135088,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Cpt. Cotton-Eye Joe,"Its a good game if you like ww2 star craft, but with less micro and more macro. Its pretty dynamic in its gameplay and map design and effects. Still has some lingering issues, but don't take away from the game completely.8/10 good for rts like playersfun perspective on ww2 gameplayCool campaign exploring russia's great patriotic warsome issues with lag and fps drop for bad pcssome learning curve"
,Recommended,231430,25435873,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,CarlPole,Ts arite.Doesn't have the same authentic feel and charm to it like the first one did though. Still prefer COH:OF
,Recommended,231430,17765185,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Mute Nova,its a amazing rts with a good story and great gameplay i dont love mp but campain in good wish theyd make a new one instead of dlc   9.5/10 for a rts
76561198088837709,Recommended,231430,17767939,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Koplerio,I already love the game.. and i just played the 1st Level of the campain! O:28 damn minutes! It took 28 minutes!!! I love that games take so much time to finish 1 thing... with strategie! :DD
76561198052325530,Recommended,231430,17763239,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,jozef.st,good but not so easy to play as the 1st one
76561198059823353,Recommended,231430,11521847,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,X MidgetGem Xx,Awsome game!
,Recommended,231430,16230038,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,EchoZero0ne,"Really Start to love this game alot. Loads of brand new Doctrine, and DLC's that you can buy, better ranking and customization of Doctrines and Decal loadouts for ur tanks & what not, better graphics too. The AI's are better now and can do loads of harrassment even on Standard, yet to try the Expert AI's . or it could just be me. Controls are almost the same as the first COH's. I have the desire to clock in at least 300 hours in this game. Lots of potential, and am willing to buy the DLC soon. good that they remove the bonus medal for every singleplayer, instead replacing it with difficulty medals, if you complete on easy, you will get Easy medals, Normal, you will get a different Normal Medals & Hard medals. Makes the game more straightforward without the need to restart the game should you fail to complete the bonus mission .Skirmish on this game are quite fun, I personally don't play P v P. i just loved to play coop with others and enjoy the game through. :DI've yet to buy the DLC but am willing to invest on it soon, more toys of selection for my skirmish.~highly remommend"
,Recommended,231430,10214344,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Fract',"I recommend this game, one of the best RTS of the WW II. But this time with the Soviet Union and if you don't like the Soviet you can buy the Western Front DLC to play the americain :D and the oberkommando. Enjoy these epic fight."
,Recommended,231430,11355044,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Yoda,I never got to play but I wish I had it.
,Recommended,231430,28791316,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,[KEBEL] Jäger,"I spent like almost a year playing this. I recommend this to those who are looking for a well spent time. Those who want the True Sight system should get this and in this game, tanks don't get destroyed by bullets. A good RTS in all."
,Recommended,231430,11359818,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,TrippyPenguins,"Amazing Game, great campaign and skirmishes are awesome, especially with friends."
,Not Recommended,231430,26564192,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Harrison,"Before i bought i thought it could be awsome like coh1. However this game make me sick with lack of content. Sega and Relic too greedy, you have to buy commander in game if you want to get full units. The server is terrible players can be drop or disconnect anytime. The AI is stupid they often stuck and not follow your order. They just stuck and watch enemy are shooting them. Dont buy this game. I played Starcraft 1, 2, AOE 1,2,3 and C&C series but i cant not play this game. Dont buy it if you love coh1"
,Recommended,231430,22706635,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,jaster,
76561198118291960,Recommended,231430,22669737,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,DARK WOLF,"It's awsome,absolutely love it. I recommend it to all."
76561198271274708,Recommended,231430,23741325,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,benlam7,good
76561198068140760,Not Recommended,231430,21716032,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,SpookyScarySocialists,">search for 10 minutes for match>match takes 5 minutes to load (Russian on my team)>match startes>me and Russian double right VP>Russian sends in Sturmpioneer in alone and is rekt by two infantry sections>sends in Kubelwaggen alone too>meets same fate>quits match at 5 minute mark>rest of team is getting rekt by players 3 times their rank all in a clan>gg at 10 minutes>""hey wanna buy some commanders for 4.50$ apiece?""This is COH2, and aside from the above situation being frequent the game's balance is terrible; for example OKW can no matter what build a King Tiger but everyone else needs to go a doctrine for their heavy tank (debatably brits since churchille kind of is a hevy tank). Plus the prices for commanders are insaine! They'll tell you you can get them in war spoils but that's BS, in all my hours I have maybe gotten 3 commanders so if I want to play with partizans I had better pay up.Otherwise though the gaeplay can be fun, esspecially early game when ther is lell ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Recommended,231430,26834258,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,¡SpaceCowboy¡,A game which you can never stop playing and can never get enough. I never managed to quit this game or was able to stop playing it. So I deleted game from my hard drive times and times again to make myself stop. I guessed I managed to stop playing this game after i deleted the game more then 10 times :)
,Recommended,231430,26403676,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,[HSK]Berkay362,"Very cool Game wich looks quite nice and even runs good, but one thing dont play against your Sowjet Friends.Katjuscha+T34/85-----> Win+loss of friends"
76561197965759472,Recommended,231430,22680866,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,pure-evil,"This game is beyond Great as far as Stratigy War games go.A must getIf you love stratigy, you'll love this game."
76561198028740993,Recommended,231430,8511940,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Mangles,"I just bought this for the New Years Sale. I've already gotten my moneys worth and feel bad about paying such a low price for a great game. It is even a step above the original COH.Recommended, even at the regular price."
76561198031293005,Recommended,231430,16975506,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Aaron Stolworthy,Single player campaigns greatmultiplayers excellentbut heres some advice if you plan on playing online please practise before hand the games brillent with a decent vierty of factions and units each one with strenths and weaknesses without having a understanding of how differant units work etc you wont enjoy online a tall
76561197983627865,Recommended,231430,16976479,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,IIIWARIII3,yes
76561198009842724,Recommended,231430,16993000,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,(USA) Tenidas,"I still believe CoH 1 was better, but CoH2 still makes it great. But, I don't play this anymore as it got boring albeit boring a lot faster than CoH1. I played CoH1 for years then moved on. I play CoH2 for months, then moved on. Cast my drift? 7.8/10.0 for CoH2 while 11/10 for CoH1. Too many troll hosts will kick you with a beginner's score and also troll hosts will lock you in a game vs easy or hard computers when you thought the game was 7/8 with 7 human players. Also, stacked teams is no fun when Europeans log in. Come to think of it, the server list is relatively small now as compared to CoH1's.Look at it this way, it's the PlanetSide 2 of PlanetSide 1. There."
76561198027968359,Not Recommended,231430,20255699,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,gazra,"DO NOT BUY COMPANY OF HEROES 2 unless you want to waste your money, experience merciless and relentless game difficulty when playing the game on Normal difficulty setting, experience nothing but frustration, and have the game consistently crash upon completing missions and/or during cutscenes and/or when saving the game! You have been warned!Normally, I am way too lazy to ever review computer games on the internet, but my extremely bad experience trying to play Company of Heroes 2 compelled me to inform potential customers about this excuse for a computer game!I have played hundreds (if not thousands) of computer games over the course of my life for approximately the last 31 years. Company of Heroes was one of the most fun and best computer games that I have EVER played! I rarely have any problems getting computer games to work properly.I tried to play the soviet campaign in Company of Heroes 2 using Windows 8.1 in January 2016 but the game consistently crashed upon completing missions and/or during cutscenes and/or when saving the game.  I tried to play a skirmish game, which was fun to play right up until the moment that the game randomly crashed! I have given up on trying to play this computer game. This is my worst computer gaming experience in my entire life!Even when the game IS working properly, the game is SO overly difficult to play and requires constant micromanagement that it is not a fun game to play!The game's menu GUI (graphical user interface) is dreadful! It took me ages to figure out how to load saved games in campaigns because the load saved game button is so well hidden and disguised! The game's menu GUI is clearly designed for online multiplayer and selling additional DLC (downloadable content).Most of the DLC is way overpriced! Most of the DLC should have been included for free in the original game. You would need to spend hundreds of dollars in order to buy every DLC for this computer game.I am EXTREMELY angry at Valve and Steam for selling Company of Heroes 2 in the badly broken state that the computer game is in!Don't buy Company of Heroes 2. Just play Company of Heroes (again) instead (which never crashes and is a superior computer game that has a reasonable price for all of the game's content)!"
76561198255251597,Recommended,231430,26027972,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,seifhisham12,9/10
76561198095985970,Recommended,231430,26035731,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Brozar,9/10if it had more countries it would be better other then that its awsome
76561198161480879,Recommended,231430,19906704,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Qwertyness,i got all the dlc for this game and it keeps saying i have to buy them this is silly why isnt it alowing me to use them like this game is amazing but it says i dont own the the game even tho it says when i go to my games i own it and the dlcs but i have to buy them even tho i already own them please help
76561198086729341,Recommended,231430,20057729,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,w0f,Its very fun and i REALLY like world war. I reccomend this Because it is very funThe graphics are goodTexturesAnd it can be funny at the end of games <3All i can say is its very good. Good work to who made this game.
76561198034423043,Not Recommended,231430,20119562,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,tfwpepe,"Balance and gameplay is constantly changing, massive amounts of DLC that contains units that used to be standard and already have been purchased now locked behind a paywall. Used to be kind of a fun game, but balance seems skewed at the moment to favour one side. Do your self a favour and skip this p2w atrocity, just wish I realized it before I dumped so much money into it."
,Not Recommended,231430,20367794,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,ImApollo,HAN'S LOOK OUT FOR THE CONSCRIPT SPAM 2
,Not Recommended,231430,18974084,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Church,Ruined a great game..  Way to flashy and over the top and totally failed to deliver what it tried too.
76561197985483054,Recommended,231430,20759292,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Dandy,Base game is good but the dlcs can be ignored.
76561198025811698,Recommended,231430,20761773,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,[DOG]Delta27,I've been playing RTS games my whole life and Coh2 is one of the greatest ones out there! Sure there are glitches and things with balance that they have had to fix/adjust but they do a great job recognizing those things and fixing them. Thanks relic for an amazing game!
,Recommended,231430,20779272,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,McSnicker,"Company of Heros 2 (CoH2) is not a strategy game for the weak minded. If you like flanking in a game and having it mean somthing, this is your cup of tea. CoH2 does a good job of balancing history with fair palying ground between armies. For an RTS it is a slower pace than most but will have you micro managing harder than you ever had before. If you ever find yourself just watching the cosmetically beautiful game that is CoH 2 is, you are more than likely going to lose."
76561198049019490,Recommended,231430,20779705,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Mjr. Annoyance18,"I understand why people say this game is unbalanced. I had that same opinion too until a played an annihilation 2 v 4 as the soviets. All were Ai, friendly Ai was easy and enemy were 1 hard, 3 normal difficulty. The game took about 2.5 hours but I was able to win even after losing half my base to enemy attack. It does take a huge amount of concentration but Soviets are playable."
76561198063468846,Recommended,231430,20798366,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Mike The Edge,friggin' AWESOME
76561198124303838,Recommended,231430,20799408,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Alotharian,"This game Is actually pretty good to be honest i don't see why people really don't like it i understand some stuff is really expensive (I Reccommend buying it on steam sales.) But honestly i personally myself think its really good and i don't understand why its so bad to people?? In my opinion the game is D-O- Double Dope haha campaign is pretty good but has a messed up story, Online multiplayer is totally worth it i play with my brother a lot and its really fun :) i think people would enjoy it I Love playing as the soviet too and british forces btw :D. so i recommend this game don't understand why people wouldn't though this game should really get more good reviews..."
,Not Recommended,231430,20714482,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,PythonesqueSpam,"British Forces...GAMEPLAYI've played the game for 32 hours now and read guides on how to get resources, etc. but I found the game is severly resticed by the population cap which is far to small for British Forces to be effective, as they are too weak on their own until verteran, but can't reach that level as they are too easily wiped out by German forces.  As such, even on the easiest setting against the AI, if lucky you reach a stalemate by bunkering down your forces, but can't then progress as all your population allowance is tied up in emplacements.  The only way to then go is to let the placements be destroyed and hope you can spend enough resources on tanks before all the map points get captured.  This then becomes a very hit and miss affair as the game turns from strategy to chaos. On more than two player maps, British forces will be spread too thin to capture points necessary and so are practically unwinnable.GAME AII've never got above playing one above the easy level, as there are too many aspects of the game that the AI can exploit to win and it becomes frustrating, as your chances of winning is just randomly decided by the map you play and which points the AI goes after first.  The lack of consistency in the gameplay means you can't really progress past a few battles before the novelty wears off and you realise there's nothing you can do to improve your performance.BUGSThe game has bugs such as gaining achievements that don't apply to your army so simply disappear from your available bulletins.  For example, I recently got a Guardians upgrade which only applies to Soviet forces??  Also game control is not reliable either and many a time I found myself left-clicking a weapon or control only for it not to be actioned until I go to select another of my items on the battlefield only for it to be targetted by the artillery bombardment I'd just tried to target the enemy with.FINALLY...I was looking for a game that perhaps gave a realistic experience of strategic warfare and with regard the pointlessness and waste of effort involved, the game is unfortunately quite accurate.  Basically a very dissapointing experience and I would encourage anyone looking to try this game to not waste your money."
,Recommended,231430,16076755,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,♫ Frost-Byte ♫,Fantastic game for any WW2 History buffs out there. Lots of maps and many more on the workshop. Very accurate to WW2 history and a very fun and exciting RTS to play.
76561198027546218,Recommended,231430,22984939,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,noble_cause51,"Excellent game. Solid graphics, authentic units and mechanics. Good multi-player community, solid entry into the RTS genre.10/10"
76561198035490837,Not Recommended,231430,22629805,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,E-S-E Mario Eagle,Game is based on money...
76561197980947048,Not Recommended,231430,22328076,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,The Reaper Eater,I bought this ♥♥♥♥ing game and It won't let me play either campaign. It is telling me to purchase it. Above it says it is in my library.What the hell?
,Not Recommended,231430,30219061,Posted: 27 February,all,Niewinny uchodzca,Chujowe na maxa-wolne-wolne X2-CZEKAM GODZINE AZ KOLEGA DEBIL RUSZY DUPSKO Z BAZY-2v1 :)
76561198090767135,Recommended,231430,15486308,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,ndroz,good
76561198042195861,Recommended,231430,21876051,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Regalium,Awesome ! Liked it !
,Recommended,231430,21871872,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,carl,russian simulator 1942
76561198037897750,Recommended,231430,21883258,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,DaUnthknown,"Awesome World War II RTS game. It builds on the original's formula of squad-based combat, factional diversity and unique commander abilities. Extra points for effort in delving into combat on the Eastern Front, which typically gets lesser exposure, whilst still adding the Americans and British to the mix in subsequent expansions. The DLC aspect may cause some frowns and the War Spoils system for item drops is far from perfect (I still haven't gotten a commander drop...) but the variety of commanders within a faction allows for so many different playstyles and adds so much more to an already enjoyable game. On a whole, one of the best RTS games out there."
76561198123281389,Recommended,231430,25454986,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Deport Me Daddy,9/10 A lot of fun to play
76561198160842993,Recommended,231430,25438539,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,HARU,"CoH2 best WWII game, Nice, better than another WWII game & New Unit"
,Recommended,231430,17744639,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Kajskr0ps,beast
,Recommended,231430,19401204,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Drakkenrush,"Company of Heroes 2 is RTS of choice for anyone who likes strategy games.I explain why.Is of Relic Entertainment works. Price is good and developer is where whole world faces to see how RTS games are made. In Russia is not very popular with krest'yanin for game's campaign which sympathizes with German fashisty. Maybe you agree with them? Then maybe you get job with army of Russia and defend entire rodina from nazis! Rest of us are here to have fun playing video game, not criticizing as if were historical text.So how is game? Well, is very fun experience if you are not looking for super realism but something more realistic than Starcraft strategy. Also, unlike Starcraft marine equipped with makebelieve gauss rifle of technobabble origins, your soldiers carry Mosin Nagant into battle!Friends, this is rifle that wins October Revolution. It is rifle that carries allied forces in Europe through Great Patriotic War. You can be happy with sci-fi action strategy army killing hordes of aliens that never existed with weapons that never existed, or you can be happy killing nazis with wonderful artifacts of military history.I say more in just a moment.Company of Heroes 2 is Relic's gift to you, and freedom to play game is motherland's gift to entire planet, for defeating german invasion of Europe. Never forget past, and support those who keep it fresh and engaging with video games and maybe you get warm ambition to go far in life and become great leader of party someday!Do svidanya, tovarishch"
76561198075384382,Recommended,231430,21228284,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Fck you Bolt.gg,BEST WW2 RTS YOU SHOULD BUY THIS GAME
76561198042445403,Recommended,231430,21074498,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Reiner,I wanted to get another DLC and misclicked.
76561198203321318,Recommended,231430,20978553,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,fibro,"You smart, if you buy dis game"
76561198052996468,Not Recommended,231430,19321661,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,True Hero,"Company of Heroes 2.The single most disappointing sequal to any game, ever.Choc-full of Microtransactions, unbalanced gameplay, and honestly. Bad combat mechanics.Set Relic Free Sega, Set Relic Free...-3/10 (Would Rather Marathon BRINK for the rest of my life)"
,Recommended,231430,18030778,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Heerings_net,"Best RTS game I've ever played. If you like RTS games and have people to play this with (you need people to play this with, believe me, randoms in this game are either really bad or will leave because the enemy team has high ranks) I would certainly buy this game."
,Recommended,231430,8920131,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,HyPExD1saster,love it
76561198119200956,Recommended,231430,12809627,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,XXAztecMDestroyerXX,This game evolved alot also this game now cost 29.99 so dont get your company of heroes is a twist
76561198032481368,Recommended,231430,12821989,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,#DavidTomneyUK,"This is a really good game, if you like Strategy games. I'm a big fan of war games like Command and Conquer but this game is better in my opinion.My only problem with the game is where are the British? After all we was in World War 2 as well and I think the game needs use as well as the Russians and Americans, after all we took our part as we was in it from 1939-45 not just for the last few years."
76561198059392574,Recommended,231430,12854821,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,MinasLas,Fast and intensive
,Recommended,231430,8939006,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Zkterror=VX9=,Very good stratergy game lot of commander with different abilities to choose from allowing to play the way u like
76561198085461930,Recommended,231430,8923241,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,BadASS,strategy type of person ? get this game and have fun like hell :D
,Recommended,231430,8936563,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Ðeflector,The best WW2 strategical game that i have ever played!
,Recommended,231430,12798659,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ゴジラ - Godzilla,"Fun, but the recent chat moderation made this game pretty ""happy""."
,Recommended,231430,12843765,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Lmd1317,Nice game but it can be a pain since if you dont wanna play days and days to unlock common commanders you gotta buy them....if you buy the western pack you get 3 commanders for each instead of all which is pretty stupid in my opinion but its an okay game. I would get it when its on sale :)
76561198063461707,Recommended,231430,12819094,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Idiotfisk,"Another awesome game in the genre. Honestly, after CoH, I thought that another game would be hard to pull off since CoH is just plain brilliant. But all in all they have actually done it. Not only is the graphics a joy for the eyes, just like in CoH, but it's actually really great. They have mixed up the teams which turned out really nice. Finally we get to play as Russians which was missing in CoH if you ask me. Also, the increased ammount of commanders (doctrines) that have been implemented is really nice, bringing a greater variation to the game. A good heap of fun to play!What really bumms me out though is the new war spoils system they have implemented, it's completelly terrible. Don't get me wrong, if war spoils would've been about cosmetics like in Dota2, that's all fine by me, I even like it. In fact, even the intel bulletins (3minor bonuses to units of your choice) would've been fine, and a nice way to ""level"" as you play.But, and to me this is a BIG but. The fact that you have to either wait an eternity for the possibility of the ""completelly random drop"" of commanders (you just start out with 3) or PAY for them, that just makes me sick. Not only have I payed for a game and it's expansion, but now to be able to counter many of the commanders out there i have to PAY, or play and loose just for the off chance of one dropping in a war spoils. Nope. That's just a cheap way to earn extra money. Shame on Relic for beeing so low.If not for the whole Pay to win aspect of the game, I would've given it a 9,5. Perhaps even a 10. But NOPE!Nope."
76561198044529716,Recommended,231430,8931999,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,wilza0302,Super!
76561198018603629,Recommended,231430,12743552,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,xxrochaxx,I do not understand why now I no longer can play online against other players can someone help me
76561197987638191,Recommended,231430,12850389,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Mabjik,"Campaign is crap, other stuff is ok. Worth buyin - controversial."
76561198021656551,Recommended,231430,12812552,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,chabalie,"As a fan of RTS games, I really enjoyed playing this.  Both the game and multiplayer are challenging and have a ton of replay value.  My only drawback was that the main campaign was a little short.  I feel a lot of the DLC could have been added to the original game, but a brothers gotta make money somehow right?"
,Recommended,231430,12843007,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Wolfie,IT IS SO AWESOME AND IS A TRUE RTS GAME
,Recommended,231430,17403614,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Pjorn Huub,Would crush the Russians with my Panzer Tiger again.10/10.
76561197983850784,Recommended,231430,17414847,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Grey Fox,worth the time and money
76561198147504585,Not Recommended,231430,30744107,Posted: 25 March,all,1nc0rR£kt,"This is a very bad game , full of dlc's and unique commandersNo strategy , only spam and spam and ppl crying about op factionsGo back to coh1 for a real RTS"
,Recommended,231430,3066652,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,sooo,really a great war to join!
,Recommended,231430,14716191,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Epic Rainbow Kitten😺🌈🦄,Spent all resources to construct largest tank in the game. Tried to strategically route tank around enemy by traversing over a frozen lake. Tank fell through the ice and sank. All crewman died of hypothermia. 11/10 would sink again.
76561198004265152,Recommended,231430,10675550,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kyle,Buy it.
,Recommended,231430,9957102,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,WoahWhoadie,Facist pigs were stuck in the tracks of my tanks as their blood spilled onto the freezing snow of our fertile motherland. 10/10
,Recommended,231430,13382585,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Yossarian,"Fantastic continuation of a series. While it is admittingly lacking in the amount of units that the last game had it still holds much of itself up well to the original Company of Heroes. If you're a fan of RTS you'll want to try this, if you're a WW2 buff, then you'll definately want to try it."
,Recommended,231430,12546595,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Imam Suprijadi,"finally have this game, this game really awesome"
76561198042674696,Recommended,231430,8775937,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,DandyHands dinky Dee,"This is by far one of the best games, But the players online could be a little lest Racist to others...."
76561198132179729,Recommended,231430,15117564,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,InterruptingCowMOO,swsaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaag
,Recommended,231430,13363966,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,[TeamRDDBCrew]SheriffJohnson,i love this game
,Recommended,231430,14912334,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Barsi,"This is a pretty fun game. Multiplayer can be a bit difficult communication-wise if you aren't on voice chat, but the gameplay is enjoyable.EDIT: I bought this game when it was on a pretty significant sale. I'm not saying this game is amazing or the best RTS i've ever played, but i've had fun playing it. If I had to buy it for full price, I might not have. But if it's on sale definitely worth picking up."
,Recommended,231430,32247643,Posted: 7 June,all,|Marauder|™,This game is one of my favorite rtsnothing to sayWar never change.9/10
76561197961394698,Not Recommended,231430,32228308,Posted: 6 June,all,Doperwtje,game perfomance sucks..
76561198179380183,Recommended,231430,18798950,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,The Butcher [ϟϟ],I think this game is the best WW2 strategy game in the world.This game effects are great and very realistic.
76561198009696426,Recommended,231430,7857599,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,[SDC]FOX_HOUND,good one
,Recommended,231430,10992292,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Garrett,Much fun
,Recommended,231430,15282723,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Toast!,"If you liked the first one, you'll like the second one, but do not expect any major innovations. While the real sight based on your surroundings as well as certain new enhancements like blizzards are really cool, they do not revolutionize the gameplay. Overall, I do not want to go on a lengthy review, I recommend this on a sale."
76561198079096462,Not Recommended,231430,28429110,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Krispert,"A horrible game with brain dead path finding, units that block themselves in the stupidest ways possible, cheating AI that has 2x as many resources and 0.25% costs as well as immunity to most weapons. Tanks won't run over enemy soldiers, won't gun down enemy AT guns even at point blank range. Enemy infantry even immune to 200 mm incendiary rocket barrages. Total waste of time. Plus the game crashes all the time."
,Recommended,231430,9254553,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Godstrong,Best game made in the world!
76561198047404301,Recommended,231430,14468281,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,s0rmr,"One of the all time great RTS games, whether you prefer playing a campaign at your own pace or getting your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you online (my experience anyways)."
76561198213004547,Recommended,231430,17741658,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Deafshot,"This is an amzaing RTS game, once you get use to all the hot keys and understand the basics you can't stop playing!"
76561198139655681,Recommended,231430,17729964,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,azra_kaizen,"Very good, high value game. Although the in-game store is a slight turn-off. Luckily the War Spoil system is in place so it increases life-span of the game. Great series overall. =)"
76561198007441767,Recommended,231430,17741602,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Reddragn,"Great game, very atmospheric."
76561197991009575,Recommended,231430,17504261,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Marcus Butthurticus,"This game, if you play the Soviet, really makes it feel like Operation Barbarossa. The German terminators are coming, they are pushing for ♥♥♥♥ing Mockba and your getting buttsmashed by Panther tanks on all fronts  as they drift around your Su-85's while your whole infantry force is chain pinned by a million planes from the luftwaffe. Your T-35/85's and 76's tanks  cannot penetrate the armour of the Panthers and your one solo Stalin tank is in a showdown with a Königstiger. The German Obersoldaten, otherwise known as T-1939,  the prototype for Arnold, are buttsmashing your shocktroopers and the war is probably over as they hold a bunch of flag outside of your base. GG, WPRecommended for making you feel so ♥♥♥♥ing desperate as a Russian."
76561198048700838,Not Recommended,231430,19489691,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,...,"Buggy and often doesnt load. I remembered why I stopped playing this...a  stupid AI, instead of tanks attacking a designated targetted they simply spin around....Never give these people a cent when they still can't fix the basics"
76561198151945690,Not Recommended,231430,33295267,Posted: 5 July,all,Boss peng,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
,Recommended,231430,7786087,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Ž€ЯØ,It is the best strategy game of all I've ever played. I'm a fan of the first and apparently the COH series remains the best of all strategy games in real time. No other game can spend more realism than this.
76561198078031446,Recommended,231430,22559695,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Pedrofoulking,"An outstanding game,the best WW2 RTS game in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,231430,33195375,Posted: 3 July,all,Bikkle,The DLC that costs money has DLC that costs money.
76561197997542896,Recommended,231430,32994147,Posted: 29 June,all,Roob82,"A best bet, really enjoyable, get if you still don't have it."
76561198067009077,Recommended,231430,23969711,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,DAGGY,IF YOU LIKE WW2 STRATEGY THEN  THIS GAME FOR YOU
,Recommended,231430,27415552,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,221Svastika,"Cool game , if on sale you should grab this"
76561198104704768,Recommended,231430,17807355,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,The Rolling Stone,awsome strategy game
76561198040099720,Recommended,231430,17816635,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,MrBarki,My opponents engineer unit was jackie chang and made my 2 conscripts squad retreat 10/10
76561198044824502,Recommended,231430,5078236,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,lucky,"Great game, good graphics, good in multiplayer."
76561197999977878,Recommended,231430,21248893,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Sexual_Bullet,"Played the first CoH for about 6 years , made maps for it....CoH 2, good solid rts game though i dont think it runs that well for what it is, an hour into a co-op with the ladz and it gets a bit choppy, not unplayable though...the dlc band wagon got on my♥♥♥♥♥♥on release but you can pick it up for peanuts now though you can unlock the commanders in game by playing which was a nice touch.There are a few extra things in CoH 2 that the first game didnt have but i expected great things from this game and though it is a good rts there was nothing really to enspire me to play it that often with me mates as the first game did though the AI is harder to beat in this one so got a thumbs up there, good solid maps and plenty of them from the community as well which saves me making them lolz."
76561198060017949,Recommended,231430,28482837,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Bobisme,"They should have made like their vehicles and stuck this game in reverse..  more to come!It costs ammo to run!???!!everything costs '6 pop'  so now i have space for 5 men but i'm not allowed to build anything.. mocking me with BS figures if they had a brain they would have made each team a 3 man team with room to grow or something like that, wasted space....Glad i waited for the bargain bin :)I strongly suggest buying this game  and then go buy COH1 cause this is a down grade :D"
,Recommended,231430,21241877,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,IV,better with friends
76561198075497652,Recommended,231430,13384954,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,MSOC2(1)[Rct]Unforgiven,awesome. awesome awesome awesome.
76561198007982007,Recommended,231430,11854809,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Beirut_Papa,"Had this game pre-War Spoils and it was pretty fun for awhile, not to entertaining solo but with a friend things are more exciting even if you lose. The fact we can make maps and mod maps brings a new realm for the game to experience yet it is kind of weak. The gaming experience is loads different from COH 1 yet the developers are trying to keep this game THEIR game but keeping the community for creating mods and giving players a chance to explore more aspects of the game. I'm on the edge of recommending this game because the NEW War Spoils system limits your game play experience if you are one of those people who don't have hours on top of hours to play this game... Rewards are based on hours committed to playing this game, if you don't have the time to play then don't expect to get anything cool or special... Sooo yes, recommended because of the games potential, and No for those who can't devote their lives to Sega and Relic..."
76561198026285723,Recommended,231430,11592051,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Hamptonx,One of the best strategy games for playing in coop...
76561198111709551,Recommended,231430,11629978,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,xXn0oBXx,"This game sucks hardcore. I bought it and spent the entire night downloading the 12GB of data just to start it up and not be able to play a single map, campaign, or online game. Instead of a ""play"" button, there is a ""purchase"" button. I spent $40 on a game I cant play and have to spend more money on. This is why Steam needs to be shut down permanently, they can never do anything right."
76561198013678468,Recommended,231430,11850695,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Sgtshock,"Company of Heroes 2 is a Real time strategy game that incorprates the Soviet union's Red army, the Germans Whermacht and if you buy the western front DLC you get the Us army and the Oberkommando west. This game uses teamwork or brute force in most cases to over come and destroy your enemys. To create units you get 3 types of supplies Fuel, ammunition, and manpower. Having a certain number of these allows you to create units. You get differant Hqs for every type of unit. Basic infantry, support infantry, Light tanks and Heavy tanks. You must buy these aswell. Doctrines are technicaly commanders that can give you special units or abilites some can do airstrikes others flame tanks others simply boost morale in your men. They can be game changers if used right. Cover is also implemented aswell, using differant types give you men better advantages, brick walls are heavy wood is medium and if your in the open you will most likey die against a Mg nest waiting for you in a house down the street. Know your enemy aswell. If you have a rifle squad dont take on a Panzer 4 but a bazooka team will do the job.Next try and use Mgs smartly, Mgs pin down units so they cant move or shoot use that to your advantage, have a grenadier  squad with grenades chuck them at the pinned enemys while they are immoblie. If they have more exp points you can even pin down a tank by shooting its view ports. Blizzards also effect all troops, if they dont have fire or a warm house or vehicle they will freeze to death. This is a very fun game a nd i recommend it to any one who enjoys RTS or has played the original Company of Heroes."
76561198006217754,Recommended,231430,15218369,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Bloosnoopee,"The first one is definitely better by far, but this game isnt terribleIt is indeed a shame that the DLC and the reward system ruined company of heroes, but i would still play this game just for the graphics and sounds.So to recap, this game is OK, but go play the first one if you want a real COH experience"
76561197979974374,Recommended,231430,11831487,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,leon,Excellent - but would like to be able to zoom out more...
76561198117430537,Recommended,231430,17450472,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,mikael241,"Excellent game, very detailed units are always different by using a large selection of Commanders.  Special abilities always offer a new way to harrass your enemies and claim victory.  Uses historyvery well in the game's fabrication and is amazing fun regardless if you're playing as aa static frontal line or just going for the blitzkrieg.Although I cried a little paying for the expansion it was way better than the actual game itself and I am loving it.9/10 buy it for future generation of your family"
76561198387251093,Recommended,231430,32170947,Posted: 4 June,all,luthorX,Good Gaming
76561198104455867,Recommended,231430,32167045,Posted: 3 June,all,LOL,i love this game and only $8.99 :D
76561198064777559,Recommended,231430,20727789,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Dogfooding,"One of the best ww2 games ever made. It's a shame that people don't like it because of the microtransactions which is understandable. The prices are really absurd unless you live in NYC or some other high inflation city. Some bundles are as high as $70(!) So it feels like it's only a closed market for a lucky few. Still, the game doesn't feel pay2win, as no comander is overpowered. Some are just funner to play than others, so at least there's no power imbalance. You also get the same things from the store as rare drops but some people have found ways to macro games for maximum drops. So you can get the best commanders if you have the time.Multiplayer has some major problems, namely the chat feature in custom games. If you don't want to do automatches, you have to look for public games without being able to talk to people. The chat must be pulled up from a confusing menu every single time you enter a game. It's really annoying and most people in the custom game lobby are afk. Nobody says anything. Might as well disable chat entirely.I would recommend it only on sale. You only need 2 DLC's and the main game to play all the armies. Every army is unique with its own feel, but I think it lacks the charm of CoH1 because of the in-game store. Why not just sell games the old fashioned way by adding expansions, instead of chopping up what you already have?Another great game ruined by greed as many games are these days."
76561198098297514,Recommended,231430,16967441,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Captain Awesome,its okay
,Recommended,231430,18629542,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Cw3040,GET IT IF YOU LIKE RTS GAMES
,Recommended,231430,12615600,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,ϟϟOps23234ϟϟ,I love this game so much from COH1 now COH2 is such a fun game when will you ever find a game like this BUT the gltich as of right now were it says lauching disapears kauching dispaearinf is annoying im itching ot play it lols
76561198069497220,Recommended,231430,8696730,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,COON BOY,it is dead good
76561198054673942,Recommended,231430,31122606,Posted: 13 April,all,Sethicus,Fun game not the best but i like it from a stategy stand point.
,Recommended,231430,7657353,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Dalf,Cool game....every update better and better.
,Recommended,231430,25631826,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,OPTIC_Senpai,10/10 would blame teamates for lose again
76561198304534648,Recommended,231430,30846763,Posted: 30 March,all,nezha314,"Nice game,"
,Recommended,231430,32155484,Posted: 3 June,all,sta1N,"Got the full expansion pack. Must say, I do welcome the new additions and game story. The only thing that bothers me, is that you cannot replay or restart a mission without restarting the whole campaign."
,Recommended,231430,25343673,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,★IceCold,"Review to Coh2Its a SHAME, this game deserve more Support, its damn GREAT :)"
76561197965942792,Recommended,231430,14133124,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,TehStewy,"I am a big COH fan. that said this my opinion on COH:2 with western front.The gameplay is great with a lot of what you would expect from a COH title. While I don't agree with most of the negative feedback as far as pay commanders. The DLC - Ardennes Assault is a slap in the face for the price : return.A few friends and I play a lot of custom maps made by other players with custom settings and have a blast. The western front was well worth the money but I wouldn't go farther than that. and as for paying for Commanders... why? \You can get the same commanders via supply drops at the end of games... so the people crying about ""pay to win"" must have never gotten a blue commander for completeing a really fun game. They obviously just got owned in pvp by one of the great commanders you can get for just playing the game.Also all the skins can be randomly rewarded to you for just playing.. so you don't need to spend any money at all on the ""DLC"" items. However The western front is well worth the added expense. and with the game constantly going on sale on Steam, its a MUST buy for any RTS lover. More combat, less work than some, Ctar Sraft: II *cough*, other RTS's dominated by macro spaming tryhards."
,Recommended,231430,17863840,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,FD_Hans,SEGA，WE NEED CHINESE CHARACTERS!!!!
76561198192228357,Recommended,231430,30839920,Posted: 30 March,all,afronova72,JUST AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,231430,14379567,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Whit,"Recommended...with caveats. I enjoyed the single player campaign of CoH2 a lot. I am an old school RTS gamer, being a big fan of the Age of Empires series. I'm a huge fan of history in general and perhaps especially WWII. I played the single player campaign of CoH1 and even played online quite a bit. But frankly, now Relic is the Third Reich of DLC. Expect to pay extra for multiplayer content, to play as the Americans or OKW online (or even in the offline skirmish mode), small mission packs, maps, the Ardennes Offensive expansion (don't think this unlocks the US in multiplayer either) as well as to play as the Ranger Company in the AO expansion. Sound insane? It is. I have not played one multiplayer match in CoH2 and the amount of paid unlocks necessary really hurt my experience with the game. Doubt I will pick it up again once I beat Ardennes Offensive. When CoH3 comes out (if there is one) I will think long and hard about getting into it."
76561198213870536,Recommended,231430,33940895,Posted: 31 July,all,aewell21,"love the story, talling a story of the brave soldiers fight to survival and a brutal Russian leaders killing the innocent people (Germans, Polish, and Russian like) show a greater monsters other then the Nazis, lead millions of lives to die, that meant noing to them.+A great game 10/10+Balance multiplayer+5 armys :)+Mod firendly+Not much else u can ask for."
76561197992552788,Recommended,231430,1385902,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,NTL,Игра про нашу победу! Всем советую купить!!!Игра потрясная!
,Recommended,231430,33361049,Posted: 7 July,all,Mafsal,poorly optimized . but only game you can consider if you re looking for wwii rts
76561198170165054,Recommended,231430,32139153,Posted: 2 June,all,Kerueliam,Bought this game with most of the DLC's in sale for quite cheap. havn't played lots but have enjoyed it so far. i havn't experianced the game without the DLC  so i dont know how little is in the base game but if you can get this in sale with the DLC its definatly worth it.
76561198080372041,Not Recommended,231430,31915255,Posted: 23 May,all,Blitz,"It is Pay to win game, You have to spend 12-15 dollars just for each faction or DLC. want somehing just like this but not 70 dollars just get men of war assault sqaud 2"
,Recommended,231430,26266844,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Pyroburner,I don't always win against Oberkommando but when I do I make sure they surrender
,Recommended,231430,27191067,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NdH,I don't know why people hate this game. COH 2 is really great for those who like RTS
76561198335714785,Recommended,231430,28264450,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,THISGAMEISRAGE,great game with lots of variety
76561197982788296,Recommended,231430,28270286,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Dr. Jones,Awesome game!
76561198017384114,Recommended,231430,30698755,Posted: 23 March,all,Pvt. Chabot [2RB],"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ RUSH A-B-C, get ♥♥♥♥ed over in PvP like no tomorrow.Would call the order No. 227 again.GULAG or PENAL  battalion !"
76561198146753283,Recommended,231430,26062421,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,[MR] Nic,please make it cheaper
76561198116432475,Recommended,231430,21769443,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Kültigin,One of the best strategy game :)
,Recommended,231430,21765264,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ThaiNoodles,"I really like this game. I ALMOST love it.However, i would like to thank the developers for turning this into a Pay2Play as:1. Loot drops are EXTREMELY RARE2. If you want any chance in multiplayer you must buy new armies.3. Thanks to extremely rare loot drops you need to BUY all your new commanders because the starter ones are rubish.4. You get no free trial for Generals or armies so if you dont like them after you have bought them... Rage quit.I also think that they should add 1 more army (Japan or something) and then stop. they are just getting greedy.So if you make things cheaper and less P2P, more people will play.9/10 for the actual gameDont play if you arent willing to spend a lot of money."
,Recommended,231430,5491554,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,Hoyabembe,great game
,Recommended,231430,1342532,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,They Call Me El Civ,"In the world of RTS games, there are 2 different forumlas that remain popular to this day.  On one hand you have the typical base building, unit spamming, macro slinging  games like Starcraft 2 and C&C.  On the other, you have Company of Heroes.With incredible graphics, stellar sound effects amd musical score, and a solid multiplayer component, Company of Heroes 2 is not only an amazing game in it's own right, but also sticks with the core formula that made the original the fan favorite it is today.  Sticking to cover and teaming up with allies to hold and take points are still in play here, and it's only been improved tenfold.I highly recommend this game to anyone with even a tiny inkling of love for RTS games.  It could quite possibly be the best RTS game to have been released in recent years, if not one of."
76561198008895419,Not Recommended,231430,31189210,Posted: 16 April,all,Aaron,make coh great again!
,Recommended,231430,32665710,Posted: 22 June,all,Kilika,Fun to play with friends.
76561197999416801,Recommended,231430,21776126,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,αvαηιтн,
76561198111904588,Recommended,231430,14491899,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,✪ Fury,this game is all around fun once u get the hang of it
76561198234362432,Recommended,231430,26919007,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Always Coffe and Smoking Times,Nice Game!!!
,Recommended,231430,27158543,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sirichaiz,The game is a good game
76561198066086665,Recommended,231430,8166460,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Overlord,This game is soooooooo GOOD! :D :)
76561198165032484,Recommended,231430,14720556,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,thesilenthunter,"company of heroes has changed a  whole lot now that the british r in it. The brits kick♥♥♥♥♥now and so do the germans with their new superior armor lke the king tiger and the jag tiger an excellent strategy and a great game that is worth the money. People complain about this game to much, but in fact it is the best company of heroes and the best RTS i have ever played u can b 5 natoins now russia,wehrmacht, oberkommando, america, and the british i would suggest buying the new british expansion pack too they r better than the first company of heroes."
,Recommended,231430,32649739,Posted: 22 June,all,gergo2 #friendly,very good!! :D buy it
,Recommended,231430,11039622,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Cracker,"Let me start off by saying that Company of Heroes 1 changed the way I view RTS games, back when it was released in 2006 it was way ahead of its time and made some of the contemporary games of the same genre look a bit old and boring, I've sunk hundreds of hours into CoH1 and to this day I still play it with sheer enjoyment.When I discovered that Relic was working on a completely revised version I was truly excited mostly because of the improved 'eye candy' amongst other thing, even though the graphics of the original game were something that seemed hard to improve upon the developers have did the unimaginable and actually made CoH2 even better looking! The game looks just beautiful and the biggest complaint I have is that it doesn't support SLI/Crossfire which makes it very taxing for only GPU to run a multi-monitor setup.UNFORTUNATELY EVERY GAME COMES WITH ITS DOWNSIDESThe newest installment in the Company of Heroes franchise is no exception, for instance even though the abundance of commanders as opposed to only 3 doctrines per faction in the old game the new commanders have no subtrees (meaning that there are no command points to spend, abilities get unlocked one by one as you gain enough experience) and to make matters even worse a lot of the commanders are just reshuffled abilities from different ones which is just disappointing from a developer like Relic. The new War Spoils system which was introduced with the new expansion, The Western Front Armies, was supposed to fix this by enabling players to receive all the paid DLC for free as random drops at the end of each match, well it's enough to say that this system is even worse, the drops are super rare (one in every 6-8 games)."
76561198042830747,Recommended,231430,17607532,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,☭РККА☭,love it
,Recommended,231430,25737149,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,iNsaneMilesy,"What can I say, I gives me my WW2 fix everyday. Probably my favourite game on steam. Its had it ups and down, especially balance issues, but its probably the most enjoyable online multiplayer game I own. I am a big WW2 buff and love a good RTS, this just does everything right. Its just plain fun, even when you are losing... the one negative is the community, too many people drop when they dont get a perfect start and new player never listen to advice... perhaps its just a younger generation of gamers, but at least they are giving it a go. I loved the first COH and love COH2... I will keep playing it until there is no one to play against... or COH3 comes out. Its not an easy game and has a learning curve, but put in enough time and it is worth it."
,Recommended,231430,14735412,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,TouchMySquid,If you like throwing soldiers into the grinder and watch them die...... this is your type of game
,Recommended,231430,34148276,Posted: 10 August,all,Tot,10/10 would buy COH3
76561198126362672,Not Recommended,231430,23271025,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,BritCity 2000,"If you got them monies, this game is for you!EDITAfter playing a bunch of hours, it's nowhere near it's predecessor."
76561198083073658,Recommended,231430,31862219,Posted: 20 May,all,brutebane554,"This is a great ww2 strategy game, has a fairly decent learning curve but not too bad. One thing you should be prepared for if you are going to buy this game, prepare for one of the saltiest most angry community's around."
76561198093376354,Recommended,231430,14654431,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,FancyDanny,I just couldn't understand why I couldn't choose the Russian side or the Eastern German @@
76561198179112465,Recommended,231430,14688835,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,kronos66612,"I have coh 2 but i can't play with wermacht or soviet, only with oberkommando and USA.When i click on wermacht/soviet icon he send me to stem and tell me that i have COH 2 in my library?"
,Recommended,231430,17892368,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,LongGone33,Really good game couldn't rate more war/10.  One of the best strategi games.Only 1 problem. They keep making DLC's to earn money. No updates about CoH3.Otherwise war/10
76561198128929970,Recommended,231430,34267777,Posted: 15 August,all,johnny_dingdong,"One of the best!if you like rts games with base building and are interested in WW2 this is the best game you can buy.Buy it, you wont regret it.I absolutely recommend this game."
76561198009068604,Recommended,231430,34343890,Posted: 18 August,all,AXE,Love this game - best RTS military game IMO
76561198080558191,Recommended,231430,13147764,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,[TIG] HA_RA [BGP]™,Carnt play the campain it keeps saying i have to buy the game again. Any ideas guys and gals?
76561198039112396,Recommended,231430,4565604,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,Captain Ahab,"Epic pulse pounding RTS action, and Soviet Russia."
,Recommended,231430,33497768,Posted: 13 July,all,Olaf The Brave,The game is great. Nothing can beat the first Comopany of heroes!awesome game!
76561198017223150,Not Recommended,231430,19299085,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,mark_p_68,I have alot of hours on this game at first it was an okay and a fun game with a few issues but they where corrected with updates....   I never tried to play on line just co-op and single player...  But since the new DL the game has become impossable to play single ever on easy....   WTF
76561198176716227,Recommended,231430,22551207,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,parkerheywood,best WWII RTS i have ever played it is amazing :)
76561198040609407,Recommended,231430,10830839,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Hiesenberg,"I like killing Nazis in this one. If you like killing nazis, you will like it too."
76561197974203658,Not Recommended,231430,19348363,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,PROpain,"I am never going to forgive Atari for what they have done to this franchise.First charge top dollar for the game, then flood it with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ micro transactions and DLCs that should be updates.New content lacks any new game play or coherent story line and is over priced. There still no German campaign to play, instead we get a low production value American campaign that is more like skirmish mode and costs as much as most full games.Atari obviously doesn't want to invest in expanding this franchise but rather bleed it dry.This combined with Atari changing the last remaining fun aspects of the game, like only being able to build one heavy tank at a time or the inability to build artillery in your command terretory anymore just ruined the game.I loved this franchise. It was sad day when THQ went bankcrupt and Atari got their greasy fingers on the IP"
,Recommended,231430,26531166,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ManOfSparta,COOL GAME YOU WILL LOVE IT
76561198081683619,Recommended,231430,26541025,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Generalfeldmarschall,fur das vaterland! thats all u ever need to know
76561198049577006,Recommended,231430,34212532,Posted: 13 August,all,Exsix,molto bene..!
76561198157326458,Recommended,231430,21173436,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,crippling depression,10/10 ign
76561198062882812,Recommended,231430,18922351,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Nirk the Man-Thing Stab-Cutter,"Is it as good as the first? Nope, I don't think so. But is it a BAD game? Of course not! I find some of SEGA's nickle-and-diming of parts of the game a little annoying but the underlying game is solid."
76561198006646746,Not Recommended,231430,30876024,Posted: 1 April,all,Timmy356,"Although the game mechanics are fun and unique, I cannot recommend this game. It has been released for around 5 years at the time of this review and yet it is still extraordinarily poorly optimised. In 1 vs. 1 or 2 vs. 2 multiplayer battles the game runs alright, could be better, but still alright with around 40 fps (see system specs below) but when playing anything above that (3 vs. 3 or 4 vs.  4) the game tanks frame rate to about 4-12fps after about 20 minutes. I generally play with 2-4 friends vs. the AI and we all start to get these problems eventually. When playing alone this can happen too, although uncommon.The game also suffers from an unbearable syncing issue. The frame rate drop is still playable even at 4-12fps but shortly thereafter players will start noticing input lag (Move soldier here > wait 10 seconds to 10 minutes, we timed it > solder moves) and the game clock on each client will no longer display the same time, 10 minute difference in an hour game)All in all if the game ever gets some attention from Relic except to add more DLC then I can recommend it but otherwise I advise spending your money elsewhere.My system specs are:CPU:  i7-6400 3.40GHz 8-CoreGPU:  MSI GTX 1070 8GBRAM: 32GB DDR4 2133MHz"
,Recommended,231430,28110429,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Foggzie,"A worthy sequel to one of my favorite RTS games!  Innovative, enguaging, and well worth the $"
76561198089524821,Recommended,231430,28122246,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Optimus Prime,I recommend to all players that wants a true and realistic story and strategy game. For me is like a passion to play this game. I also recommend to play this game on a 4k (UHD) monitor at full ressolution to see the real graphic of this game. It is wonderfull.
76561198058570278,Recommended,231430,13696234,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,GOKU,A++++++++++++
76561198289740113,Recommended,231430,30185713,Posted: 25 February,all,Königstiger,"Its a pretty good game, the teams are well balanced and reflect their historical counterparts quite well, its well worth the money"
76561198016770475,Recommended,231430,30202238,Posted: 26 February,all,Savarona,Definitely by far the best strategy game I have ever played. You can feel the atmosphere.
,Not Recommended,231430,13347855,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Sexy Vorta,"24/11/2014 - 8/10 -♥♥♥♥♥♥campaign, Multiplayer needs tweaks but is good.07/12/2015 - 7/10 -  Here come the buggy unoptimized mods!11/05/2016 -  5/10 -  Mods getting worse and causing game issues, ""Rebalancing"" updates creating numerous bugs/glitches/crashes and unfair PVP.23/07/2017 - 2 /10 - Less crashes but just wait till the next ""Rebalancing"" update and a fresh batch of issues will appear, devs favour money over fixing their game, multiplayer so unbalanced now, you will either lose PVP due to noob team, mortar spam, Bren gun squad spam, buggy♥♥♥♥♥♥ or conscript spam.This game has a lot to offer people including a disappointing main Russian campaign, very amazing and worth the full price U.S. campaign, some very fun and challenging theatre of war solo and co-op missions.... but the multiplayer... 2015 or earlier i would probably recommended it but right now no i would not. And not they won't fix it as it is only getting worse If you want to buy it for campaign only pay 50% or even better 75% off for the standalone game as that is all it is worth anymore.I can't be asked to keep updating thsi every few months to add to the bug list... if you get this game, get it on offer, don't play PVP, Russian campaign sucks, don't supprot the devs favouriting single modders with skin packs and ignoring the other hard workers, and expect constant buggy unit mechanics and a cheating A.I. that make you think why bother using strategy at all when the game constantly breaks with A.I. cheat glitches, and just.... idk why i keep playing this game now......."
76561198197876653,Recommended,231430,22324786,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,dietnieter,nic game
,Not Recommended,231430,34900440,Posted: 12 September,all,Sherlocks,More than half of World War Two is DLC/Expansion (which some of the Expansions are the same price as the base game) and there's no Pacific Factions.
76561198026874816,Recommended,231430,34913317,Posted: 12 September,all,-NA's Finest- Lyconious,It's okay.
,Not Recommended,231430,27410715,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TonyTonto,Was a great franchise until they made you have to pay for commanders! british are a great example. it is ashame!
76561198011916467,Not Recommended,231430,25686771,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Finn Marty,"I do not unterstand, why there is no Chinese. It is soooo damn hard to start to play it as a new player.  Not recommend"
76561198245429002,Not Recommended,231430,25643436,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Sonny Crockett,"Being completely new to the CoH franchise, I hope that my review differs from many other negative reviews in that I am not basing my assessment on a comparison to the CoH part 1, I am not basing it on the Russian community's dissatisfaction with the anti-Soviet theme of the campaign, and I am not basing my assessment on the facet of microtransactions regarding all the tedious little upgrades and units you must buy.Pro- Having never experienced this combination of macro and micro management in an RTS before, I was very pleased with how the actual gameplay feels. I enjoyed very much placing my troops in cover and positioning the direction of my machineguns, I love calling down artillery strikes and smoke barrages in person, and I even enjoyed the unique system which allows vehicles to receive component damage. It combines the best elements of Command and Conquer, World of Tanks, and XCom into one Band of Brothers themed experience.Cons- I purchased the original CoH2 game on a Steam sale to try it out. I figured that with all of the additional content available I would start with the base game and perhaps buy the extra DLC if I enjoyed it. Well whether you blame me for this ignorance or sympathise with my situation, you must agree that it is always frustrating anytime you purchase gaming products to find out that they are completely uneccessary. I would have purchased either one by itself if I knew you didnt need the base game to add them. Now I have a campaign and 2 forces I never want to use when I could have had the US."
76561197963767687,Not Recommended,231430,27894027,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Slovko,Nowhere near as good as the original COH.
76561198053277141,Not Recommended,231430,25256237,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Trickyboy,I prefer the Company of Heroes 1 to this one because there is a lot more downloadable content needed to play the game and i was not a fan of needing to pay to play as the US or British when the two base countries were russia and germany
76561198117960662,Not Recommended,231430,28086635,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,tennesseesnapps,"So, let me see if I got this right. I spent 30 bucks for the game, but I can't play it inless I spend another 30 dollars?"
,Not Recommended,231430,28088365,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Azzarrel,"Ok Lads, let me mention first, that Company of Heroes 2 is by no means a bad game. It is even one of the best games in the RTS franchise and I dp not only claim this, because its cover and armor system changes the game to a point where your only goal is not any longer to throw thousands of space marines into one big meatgrinder, while still offering a pretty decent, yet far more simple economy system, than usual games in the RTS genre.But no matter how good this game is, or how good it has become in the meantime, playing it will leave a bitter taste in my mouth forever.This might be my subjective opinion, but as a diehard fan of the predecessor CoH2 felt clumsy and just not enjoyable in some way or another.First of all I have to admit that I was a vanilla-only coh1 player. I never touched the Eastern Front mod or any other user-made content and I guess I already had about 1000 hours before i bought the game and both its addons on steam (which makes up a total play time of over 2000 hours)I spent most of these 2000 hours climbing up the ranked game ladder (I was pretty good in the end tbh - in the top 100 as brits and as germans in 2v2 and top 500 as brits in 1v1), which ment the original release of CoH2 with no ""real"" competetive gamemode and neither a ladder was frustrating for me(The default game mode got a ladder later on, but the ladder was pretty dull only listing the guys with the most total wins (no matter how many games they needed for this amount) rather than any real skill). I also encouraged Relic and the Esl to take steps in real competative tournaments (Starcraft, Lol, etc. got immense tournaments with huge price pools, so why not this game, too (which is way better than sc2 in my eyes)) Sadly Relic, being bought by SEGA had not the money to get a competitive Series rolling, so the ESL CoH2 league was disbanded after 3 small tournaments.this was the first nail in the coffin for meThe second point, why I do not like this game might also be very subjective, but I really didn't like the new graphics. I said to myself ""you are new to this game and you played coh1 pretty long so you are just not used to the new graphics"" so I decided to play the game for 'at least' 100 hours, before judgeing its graphics, but I still was as displeased as before. Now even though I just told you, that i would hate the graphics, I nevertheless must admit that the game looks better, newer and more detailed, than its predecessor, though, but there are two mayor issues I never got over. The first issue are the tanks. Compared to CoH1 they just look odd in their surroundings, way to polished, thick outlines and a wibbly-wobbly movement that gave me the feeling, that they were some kind of plastic tanks and worse of all their projectiles did look like glowing red dots rather then real tank shells. The second issue I blamed on the new graphics, was that the game became far less responding due to all this visual effects. I do not talk about framedrops or something, but if my Infatry troops got caught into artillery fire I easily lost focus and realized first after the dust of the bombardment lifted, that I had lost several squads.this was the second nail in the coffinNow lets calm down the negativity a bit. Even if it has to take quite a few hits here, CoH2 is a excellent game, CoH1 just was a perfect game. I would also love to recommend Men of War to you folks, if you are looking for a simular game, but the community of this game is as dead as the community of CoH1, and despite it provided me with a lot of fun during the singleplayer missions, I never got warm in the multiplayer and was utterly destroyed without any clue what was happening.But so much for that, lets continue about CoH2:There are a lot of positive aspects, I just must metion when talking about this game, like true sight, one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen in my whole life. No kidding. I really wish I could like that game just for this game mechanic. Instead of just having a circle around your unit, your vision is limited by objects and terrain. There are some other games with simular game mechanics, but including this to Company of Heroes made this game sooooooo much better. And it also made Sound more important, because you can actually hear enemy vehicles now before you can see them not that sound wasn't pretty important in the predecessor, too. Damn Nebelwerfer-Trucks. Glad you could determine their position by tracking their incredible loud launch-sound).I also already mentioned the new Graphics-stile, which just is more up to date, despite I dislike that the game lost its fitting but depressing shades of grey, which made its predecessor feel like a actual 'dirty' war game.Another great feature are blizzards and the possibilty to just drown an eney assault in a icy lake by breaking the ice on it.Well, Relic has already proven, that they can make great real time strategy games and I trusted them - them alone - so much, that I bought the Preorder, but as THQ began to crumble, poor little Relic needed someone to feed them and this someone was - sadly - SEGA. Well, SEGA at first doesn't seem to be the worst for this job, as they already own a studio producing great Strategy games (Creative Assembly) and while new Total War games tend to be released faster and faster with less (and less bugfree) content, more dlcs and less positive reviews (Rome 2 was mostly negative the time SEGA bought Relic), it sure seemed like a good investment to buy in another renowed game studio.Their first step was to call back all promises Relic made while still under THQ like that all Pre-Oder Buyers would get a season pass (and thus all addons for free). Needlessly to say that I couldn't get back my 60 Bucks anymore. Now don't get me wrong: I neither blame this game nor relic on this. I do not even blame SEGA (they would've lost profit on a promise they never made), but it still sucked. I ended up with getting the Theatre of War DLC and some Tank-skins for my preoder.Now SEGA wouldn't be SEGA if they stopped ruining my day by taking away my season pass. On top of having to pay for every new Addon I also had to pay for every ♥♥♥♥ing 5€-commander they released. For many of you this might not be a big deal. And at first it really looks like this. Why do I complain about a 5€-Commander in one of SEGAs game, while I silently pay the double to play a new faction in a Total War game. Well, the difference is, that Rome, Shogun, Atilla or whatever CA ever created are mostly SINGLEPLAYER games, while CoH2 is made for MULTIPLAYER purposes. And hell, these commanders were OP when they were released. (The Tiger Ace commander was so strong on release, that you could win with your tiger ace alone) Sure, these commanders got nerfed a few weeks after they were released (and any of these rich kids already owned them) until they were as strong as any commander in the base game. Now being beaten by someone who spent 5€ more on a title you already paid 60€, really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me on. I wouldn't be as mad if there had been ANY chance to test a new commander BEFORE getting owned by it on the field, but you either learned its strenghts and weaknesses by buying it or by losing over and over again until you figured it out yourself.this was the thrid nailWow, I never knew there was a restriction for review length.Lets keep my last point short: In the beginning the game was terribly balanced. You either waited hours to find a game or played as a faction, which was so underpowered, that it was more ore less an insta-loss.fourth nailWell, thanks to anyone who made it so far.TL:DR CoH2 is really a awesome game, but based on my expierience with the Beta/Launch-Version of the game, I cannot give it a positive rating."
76561198059045321,Not Recommended,231430,22402280,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Fredoles,Company of heros 2 is a hard one for me on one hand i feel the game has upgrated mutiplayer and its mission are cool i loved playing the first days as soviet union knowingly sending my men to die just to slow down the germans.on the other hand i want to tear this game to bits for its blatantly obvious cash grab DLC.in the end it really come down to what you the player wants if you are a mutiplayer only person then yes this games mutiplayer is better then company of heros one.single player was good in both games but its way to much DLC for the smallest of things in COH.2 and it really hurts it on both mutiplayer and single player and why do the graphics on most of the textures look worse then how they did in COH.1 (close up).in the end if you played COH.1 your going to want to see for yourself what the game has to offer but if your new i would suggest buying the first game with its DLC instead of the second we cant let companys do these to our game f-uck this cash grab DLC Company of hero 2 earns a 5/10 not because of bad gameplay but because of bad business practises.
76561198041499906,Not Recommended,231430,27900800,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Monochromatic.Man,"I've played COH2 for about 84 hours, but that's my limit for this game. It gets very repetative as the dynamic of the matches have an endless back and forth quality. Capture a point, watch it fall to the opposition, re-capture, repeat the cycle. It's not just the AI either. Watch some of the online player matches and you get this same feeling. I find it exhausting with too little reward.I picked up the British Forces edition on sale, which might explain some of my frustration. The infantry units are more resource expensive and the tanks are weak. You might have better success playing the Germans with their endless stream of Tiger tanks. In reality, only 1000 of them were ever made, so I feel like I've destroyed at least that many already. I'm somewhat of a history enthusiast, so the lack of authenticity is a little disappointing. The number of maps are limited to only several in my edition. I didn't expect that.It's still a fun game for a while, but just not a lot of staying power."
,Recommended,231430,34683499,Posted: 2 September,all,Muuuha,great game . that's all i could say about it .
76561198346963230,Recommended,231430,34697654,Posted: 2 September,all,ffcv4l87,Good RTS
,Recommended,231430,15316610,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Dem0nFlare,Great combat and story
76561198060856735,Recommended,231430,22419254,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Vutin TradeSkinsFast.com,"first day""dead""second""deadthird""lived loger but DEAD""all the way to now""cheat mod: infinate of everything, 9000+ troops, death dying and destruction.~*WAIT BEFORE YOU SAY IM A HACKER, this is a workshop mod, only intened for singleplayer, its not made to be compatible with multiplayer, its only for singleplayer and lets you do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ you want, okay?*~"
76561197976481378,Recommended,231430,33711760,Posted: 21 July,all,PaNdA HuNtEr,Awesome game.Great workshop content.
,Recommended,231430,24473015,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Mk4UmHa,Buy Buy Buy!
76561198080254497,Recommended,231430,28697537,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[TFB] StrangelyTrue,Still Love this game after 2 years of play and am a veteran of 700+ hours and is still very very fun to play
76561198061880242,Recommended,231430,22603400,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,noob*in*training,"tl:dr, buy when on saleim actually half/half on this one, i played alot of COH11. don't want to recommend this game coz the amount of cash grab... especially on commanders....2. recommend this game coz even with basic commanders they gave, u can still pawned players with DLC commanders, especially when u know their weakness"
,Recommended,231430,18669898,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,ponzu,Well developed fun game. Enjoying the top of the ladder!
76561198083735992,Recommended,231430,30793581,Posted: 28 March,all,ASIAN TIGER!,10/10
,Recommended,231430,30777881,Posted: 27 March,all,Gezzoz,Great game!love the Vikinger Mod boi
76561198366835833,Recommended,231430,30806630,Posted: 28 March,all,projack,Nice gamr
76561198268901942,Recommended,231430,30811462,Posted: 29 March,all,kimmo.palander,The game seems great but i acidently bought the ardens assault dlc so i cannot play as the soviets:(. But stil its a great ww2 game:)
76561197979530940,Recommended,231430,33544303,Posted: 14 July,all,Boris,Awesome
,Recommended,231430,28185075,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Meowseph Stalin,Good
76561198039796308,Recommended,231430,34197808,Posted: 12 August,all,UniversalFlare,Highly recommend this game to anyone who likes RTS! (Real Time Strategy) Takes you back to the golden age of RTS but waaayyy more strategic. A counter to everything. This game I recommend for 4 player multiplayer. Always need communication. Takes you back to the old war of the early 1900s. 9/10 Rating on this game!
,Recommended,231430,16273959,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,HollaAtYaBoi,xx
,Recommended,231430,16343046,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,MSRichter,WW2!!! RUSSIA TOO OP and MURICA TOO OP with FIRE
76561198053818042,Recommended,231430,35072271,Posted: 19 September,all,maikeldijs,prachtige reeks
76561198392861141,Recommended,231430,35067055,Posted: 19 September,all,North Legion 9.K,Great
76561197973735245,Recommended,231430,8025915,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Zeromus,Helluva of a good game. Highly recommend it to anyone who loves a tough RTS - Amazing campaing - Graphics are stunning. Gameplay is godlike. Get it !!!
76561198021404798,Recommended,231430,9657170,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,RED,"Started badly, but became much better with DLC's, but those cost money.If you are willing to spend money on this game, it will not be wasted.Gave this thumbs down when it first came out, but now it is my most played game on steam."
,Recommended,231430,13955271,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Tex Mex,I need a small load of a million dollars to win
76561198007170387,Recommended,231430,2426483,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,dante-26,САМАЯ КРУТАЯ ИГРА!!!!ВСЕМ РЕКОМЕНДУЮ!!!
76561198172776874,Recommended,231430,15746026,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Walter O'Cash,The game is fun but it lacks multiplayer content but the mods arent good enough. Making each faction good at diffrent things is kinda bull****. Game is cool but you have to pay alot to get the campaign and other factions.
76561198028644318,Recommended,231430,18868199,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Papertroll,"Great game , wish they spent more effort on the single player though."
,Recommended,231430,18224596,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Konoko,"A really really solid RTS.Feels... very rushed at times, though, as if they cut corners. It's alright, though, the game's still fine. The campaign is also pretty miserable - however, the Ardennes campaign is very, very interesting.It feels a bit like Dark Crusade (you know, that 40k game), that campaign, which is nothing but awesome. Dark Crusade is one of my favourite games of all time just because of that campaign.Honestly, if you like Dawn of War, or Company of Heroes 1, then you WILL like Company of Heroes 2. If you don't like those games, then you probably won't like Company of Heroes 2. It feels a lot like an upgrade to the first game, and I can't be mad about that.People are complaining about DLC and things like that, and I haven't even gone near the multiplayer system yet (and oh my god, this bulletins system is... yeah, it's stupid). For instance, I had this happen the other day. I'm playing against the AI, and... they start throwing Elefants at me. Now, this would normally not be that scary. But I had no real heavy armor to help deal with this. I had chosen poorly with my commander. So I was screwed, gg.I could not build my own Elefant, nor my own Tiger. Yet I wanted to. But I couldn't because I'd chosen the wrong commander. And anyway, I don't have a commander who can call in a Tiger, so in the end I can't actually ever get a Tiger anyway. What about the Jagdpanther? I presume there's one in this game. But I don't know, because I haven't seen one yet.Aside from the bulletin system being crap... the game's pretty good. Though I love how the 'warmth' system was in one or maybe two missions in the WHOLE CAMPAIGN. Nice. Great job. I presume it has a bigger presence in certain maps in multiplayer, but I'm obviously unsure.Game is, irregardless, good."
,Recommended,231430,34524755,Posted: 27 August,all,The_Silent_Wrath,SO far this game seems ok-ish........
76561198007311816,Recommended,231430,19986883,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ofdor,"I like the game, it builds on the original COH. That said, too big an emphasis on paid dlc and the  loot drop system. Good idea, poorly executed. But the gameplay is solid and no problems technically.Buy it if you liked COH but don't expect it to be exactly the same.Expect huge nerfs to German factions/ units.tldr: too much dlc, but good overall, same as original (basically)7/10"
,Recommended,231430,27520589,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,flAMe,"Great game, nothing to complain really. 3v3 and 4v4 is a bit unbalanced."
76561198091961651,Recommended,231430,34018320,Posted: 4 August,all,Highper,"You  know it is a good game when the game can run only on dlc not the main game. This game is a great game and it makes every cent worth it. The 1st one was also great and although this does not have the spark of the first game, it is still a great game to get. With workshop you can play different maps and playmodes as well. If you thought that campaigns story was weak, it is Company of Heroes you're playing not Last of Us. Finally great game 8/10 get it, play it, love it."
76561198066998741,Recommended,231430,18188721,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,A Winters Death,very good game fun non repatativedlc bit pricy
,Recommended,231430,31400328,Posted: 27 April,all,Dr.Jizmo,ProsVery good campain is alot more polished then first gameMore unit types and choicesImproved weather systemConGermans still really opA little bit to much dlc for my tasteSmall ammount of modders thanks to Sega.Fianal score 8-10Needs alittle more blanacing also buy dlc when on sale!
76561198080425827,Recommended,231430,31396877,Posted: 27 April,all,WeeFilly,"Yes, I do recommend this game."
,Recommended,231430,26176667,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Soviet Nuggets,"Oh, Wermacht now has tanks in the field. Better equip my conscripts with anit tank rifles.9/11 whould play Soviets again.10/10 would get Kantai Collection faceplates again.10/10 would get Girls und Panze vechicle skins again.10/10 would reccomend to weebs."
,Recommended,231430,12520509,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,TacticalGameBoy,i ment to pre-order this a long time ago but i didnt but now that ive played it its pretty good i give it a 8.5 outa 10
76561198021162123,Recommended,231430,9194342,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Tare,"Even tho company of heroes is better than its sequel, coh2 brings you to the frozen lands of soviet union. The gameplay is fun, but units seem only to be re-skinned from the original game. This game doesn't provide as many abilities like the first one. Buying at full price? No.. Wait for sales. Recommended because its part of the best strategy game franchises."
,Recommended,231430,8476631,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ANKKA32,Best Company of Heroes.
,Recommended,231430,12955756,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,RaunchyKitchenUtensils,"Being a professional army man scout sniper myself. The realism behind this game is un-matched by life itself. Great game. Great explosions. IMDB 10/10Sincerely,Number 1 army man."
76561198307169217,Recommended,231430,26335958,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Navee,"For those who have the cash to spend on DLC's and skins/commanders etc on the in game store this is the game for you! But if you just want to relieve some stress and massacre a lot of AI with its mods go ahead, and buy.."
,Recommended,231430,26340453,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Schnoman,"Fun and challenging strategy game, DLC make the game more interesting."
76561198039406769,Not Recommended,231430,31920545,Posted: 23 May,all,Kagemusha,5/10
76561198096561674,Recommended,231430,32685780,Posted: 23 June,all,heiß,oynayamadan yorum ;D
,Recommended,231430,32909144,Posted: 27 June,all,Deathren[160th],I love this game I would highly recommend this to any rts player
,Recommended,231430,32822135,Posted: 26 June,all,vinks5,"Quite good RTS. Hours of fun, however unrealistic. If you want a realistic RTS, get MOWAS 2 or something different."
76561197991932121,Recommended,231430,32849281,Posted: 27 June,all,tranvanminh303,Wonderful game with nice modding communities kept the game alive after many years.
76561198030377849,Recommended,231430,32932387,Posted: 28 June,all,Tomochi,"I put my thumb up, but it is far less satisfying and pulished than CH1.The GUI is very unfriendly. For example, when you select several units, engineers and rifleman, the options in the menu face out. There is also too much micromanagement. There is unit with a framethrower... Use it guy!. You have to manually select the unit, select the button of the framethrower and tell them where to use it. Good luck when there are several dozens of units in three front battle.The speed is much faster than the previous CH1. the camera is too close and units die like cucarachas and the replenish of units is also very fast. At the end, the battlefield is complete chaos and the best available strategy is to group all units in mob and steam roll the enemy with little concern about the losses.However, it is still a good game. Buy it with all whatever DLCs on sale."
76561198086692616,Recommended,231430,32843508,Posted: 26 June,all,Chaos,i like aoe 3 but its stale now i win me vs 4 on expert so moved to coh2 played the original one but coh2 is awesome fun i like how each nations game play is vastly different bloody German tanks are beasts even spam stug 3s and its ggonce i thaught i was a pro player so i vs 2v2... i lost badly if u want to play against players its very difficult10/10
,Recommended,231430,32698218,Posted: 23 June,all,Sn1p3r,One of the best strategy games I've played after C&CGenerals.Like this game from first version till this one.Hope it will grow!
,Recommended,231430,14821994,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Mega Shark,big let down from the first but the british make the game pretty fun
,Recommended,231430,22587375,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,HOO-DINI,get the fuel m8
76561198070029435,Recommended,231430,35139790,Posted: 22 September,all,Beastmaster_64,ze best game
76561198172476593,Recommended,231430,20227324,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,#loganwalker332,good game
76561198251802484,Recommended,231430,22632440,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,CATCHXXII85,COH is the reason i bought my gaming PC. Everything about it is awesome. I couldnt recommend it enough. Hours of fun
76561198024809174,Recommended,231430,20016831,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,A Rustled Knight,"I know this isnt in detail but you know a games good when your Panzer VI gunner shoots a lone soldier, and after the guy is killed by a HE shell. it all goes silent for 4 seconds then the gunner yells ""HIT""."
76561198071415869,Recommended,231430,20018751,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sova,"Got the entire on sale for $25, and completely worth it.A lot of pros in terms of game mechanics and unlocking things:Unlock camo and skins for unitsUnlock new commanders with new abilities (same price as a new skin for League of Legends, but useful)Unlock new abilities to enhance unitsAnd there is a great open source community behind CoH2! Free skins, free decals, free stuff!I could go on, but this is a fantastic sequel.As far as marketing, that is the ""con"". But what is the difference between paying for Xbox live annually vs paying Riot for new skins vs paying Relic for new commanders? The only difference is the pricing. A new commander costs no more than a fast food meal. If I can happily eat a 7$ burger, then I can happily get a new commander.Overall, I love it."
76561198059249485,Recommended,231430,20024817,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,crimson flame,this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198090539495,Recommended,231430,20035993,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Tsik,A solid strategy expereience
,Recommended,231430,20580662,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,@R1MP,Oyun çok güzel taktiksel oyunları sevenlere öneririm.
,Recommended,231430,20641512,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Anon 03,"Don't play Coh1, it's true that once you go back, you never go back.OR, at least you don't have to pay for ANOTHER DLC for different nationsTerrible compatibility with Nvidia graphic cards btw, yet, no hotfix."
,Recommended,231430,20755455,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,TRUMP FOR GENERAL,CoH2!
,Recommended,231430,20989175,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,C0MMANDERCB,"I absolutley love this game. It has awesome graphics, awesome units, and most importantly &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Skittles""!"
,Recommended,231430,26323843,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Anguish951,"игра классная, но не затянула."
76561197961289716,Recommended,231430,14423834,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Chef_Goldblom,Pretty good I guess.
76561198036190136,Recommended,231430,20016591,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ray Jr,This is a rock solid RTS. It gets better as you play. The DLCs are top notch. Highly Recommended.
76561198058157571,Recommended,231430,20081433,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,XcRaZieIrishX,.
76561198017015210,Recommended,231430,20465500,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,sps_sy,"If you are looking forward a single player campaign as great as COH1, don't buy this. It will make you disappoint a lot.But if you're looking forward a competetive and Relic style RTS game, then this it is.As a game developer, I want to persuade those people who are suck with those DLC to understand. Because with this DLC and new faction, the game developer can have MONEY and patience to keep updating, fixing and making the game better and attract more players to this.  And that's what the relic does.They are constantly updating the  game. And give a big balance update about every 3~6 months. This is not those simple number tweaking change. It's about:1. Add/Remove units2. Change unit position in Tech Tress (they even change the building tech tree for Soviet, which lead to a total strategy change for Soviet player)3. Add/Remove ability to unit4. And number tweaking of courseAnyway, this is the best multiplayer RTS game I've ever played. And I'm very happy to see Relic and SEGA decided to maitain and update COH2 in this way."
,Recommended,231430,20586218,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,BlondMonkey,"I recommed this game but, the first version (CoH 1) was much better than this one! In general it is the best ww2 RTS"
76561198097930655,Recommended,231430,26502944,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,尖刀6连,1
76561198046537612,Recommended,231430,28067879,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Oleg.Чиk@,Самая лучшая стратегия !
,Recommended,231430,2968872,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,XDemonR,"Relic как всегда сделали офигенную стратегию, и ещё с Советским Союзом и Ленинградом на фоне её прорыва, не рекомендую пропускать"
76561198035230080,Recommended,231430,28552633,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,hootgibsonsteve,"pink rifles  really .it was a great game,but of late"
76561198007823089,Recommended,231430,19898934,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Curious Cloud,New updates are dope!
,Recommended,231430,19932500,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,azree,best RTS games of all genre RTS games I've ever played9/10 worth to buy
76561198255004516,Recommended,231430,20230895,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,jay stack,i say load the ammo because COH2 is where the front lines are with constant upgrades and new mods and tons of new maps and special missions its a wondland of mayhem !
,Recommended,231430,19976015,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,☉ DustiestCaliber ☉,"Excellent game overall and the best (action) RTS with strategy elements.Sadly though, there is DLC spamming with units hidden behind a paywall. So be warned, if you're not an RTS junkie you'll be nickel and dimed with this one. If you are an RTS junkie then it's worth it in the end."
,Not Recommended,231430,28136216,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ScreamingFrancis,"I would have recommended it when it first came out.Now it's just a whole bunch of bugs, lag, unbalanced gameplay and microtransactions.Not worth anymore."
76561198075740187,Not Recommended,231430,23418612,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,knolu2252™,lack of tiger I
76561198047903388,Not Recommended,231430,33383878,Posted: 8 July,all,Vucic Aleksandar,Buy Dlc to buy Dlc to buy Dlc in a Dlc. Microtransaction spam game.
76561198147987704,Not Recommended,231430,34052416,Posted: 5 August,all,Largeman2kan,The first game is the best of the 2
76561198202485307,Not Recommended,231430,34068598,Posted: 6 August,all,THA_DOVENDYR,"i like the game, but it's very faulty and most of it is rubbish. can be entertaining if in the right game."
76561198040046993,Not Recommended,231430,34671609,Posted: 1 September,all,Spinflight,"If you buy the British forces as a standalone then it comes dangerously close to being propaganda for those with an unhealthy interest in Austrian gentlemen of historical interest. Since release no-one uses the British forces in competitive gameplay, barring a very occasionl diehard. Which should tell you all you need to know.Basically the British forces ties you down to building immobile emplacements, or using tanks with paper thin armour against much more durable German ones. Don't expect any historical accuracy, the norotiously thin skinned Panzer 4 is just as well armoured as the Brit's Churchill! Yeah...Overall I like a challenge but on reflection would rather like 900 hours of my life back instead.Supposedly it's set in 1944 but you'd think from the gameplay that you're trying to hold back a technically superior German army earlier in the war. Relic claims that the Brits early game is weak but they get stronger. Except that the Germans get stronger still. And of course you have to be able to get to the late game without serious losses. Good luck.For instance once you've collected every intel bulletin which give small buffs to specific troops you'll have 38 of them. Ten of which might on a good day be useful and the vast majority just utterly pointless, like a 5% boost to the armour of something with no armour. The two German factions get 100 and 108 to choose from respectively. The community provides feedback designed purely to enable the Germans to win quicker, as that is effectively what their player base wants, that is what Relic does.The standard of coder support is woeful. Balance patches generally introduced an array of bugs, which oddly tend to favour the German side ( and the game is no longer supported). Meanwhile the core mechanic in the game, infantry veterency, didn't even work until late last year for the British forces. Hence your highly prized veteran infantry were no better than newly created German ones. When they fixed it the games got longer, which gave the Britis a chance, so they nerfed them into the ground.You can win, but it takes you half an hour to an hour to do so. Most of which you're holding on by the tip of your fingernails. Axis forces on the other hand are likely to run over you in 15 minutes or less.It can be fun playing 4v4 as the Brits as long as you have a couple of more aggressively set up Russian or American allies. But only really with one commander ( who you have to pay extra for) and only in a stodgy slow grinding sort of a way. The game effectively forces you to build a sim city where the other factions are mobile. Basically to hold on long enough and soak up enough axis pressure, artillery and manpower for the Americans or Soviets to win.So if you want free wheeling combined arms attacks and strategy look elsewhere. If you want to be reminded that the Axis forces won WW2 with their superhuman men and superior tanks then consider it."
76561198122613436,Not Recommended,231430,35248249,Posted: 27 September,all,Cpt. Rice,"I find Company of Heroes 2 difficult to get into. Packed with microtransactions, Company of heroes 2 is not worth a buy, even if it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,231430,35342776,Posted: 30 September,all,Sanji-San,"Game in it self is fun. And thats the end for pros.Now time for cons....If you seek a game with bugsplat (crash), this is your game.If you seek a game that ""failed to create dump file"" (crash), this also your game.There is a list that you can follow too make sure everything is done to prevent such events. Done...And still it happens, and way to often.And if you google bugsplat, you will find a filthy amount of pages were people seeks help for the problem.So no, i cant recommend this game any longer. And even if there will be a sequel, it will probably end upwith the same problems. CoH 1 works fine btw i might add.To bad it aint Blizzard that created the game. They know how to maintain patches and updates over time.//Sanji-San"
,Not Recommended,231430,33413302,Posted: 9 July,all,Boofhead,I played a ♥♥♥♥ton of COH1 back in the day and i still find myself going back to it every now and then.Saw this on sale during the Summer Sales so i thought regardless of most negative reviews id pick it up.Im suprised for a 4 year old game it has issues running on my computer. Man I know the 1050ti aint that powerful but im pulling better framerates results on higher setting in current games compared to this. However COH2 seems to only pull a consistant framerate at its lowest settings.Which for me can really effect how i enjoy the game.The game is played differently nowadays taking over the style from Dawn of War 2 with a few tweaks here and there.Now I got no idea why there is such a mindless amount of microtransactions. The comander system sounds pretty cool. But with a grind/paywall behind it and my lack of interest in this sequal it will be hard to me to say I spent more money on this title. Its not a thing for PC. Seeing as with torrenting. Paying for the game is already a good thing for developers. So adding this is just avoiding those extra sales.I know I've only clocked in close to an hour of this game. But this wasn't the case with the original. I just cant get into it.Im going to go and instal COH1 now. Probs gonna play it longer than a hour now.
,Not Recommended,231430,34412674,Posted: 22 August,all,Whisky Lover 🔥,"In RTS  gameplay is important.In CoH2 gamplay level is high, but DLC-s kills the MP mode.I have Mixed feealings about tihis game."
76561198039456018,Not Recommended,231430,34467700,Posted: 24 August,all,Bavariac,"THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE DLC ARDENNES ASSAULTIt seems i cant write an review for the dlc alone so i rate the whole game.I rather liked CoH 2, not as good as CoH 1 but still good.But Ardennes Assault is just crap.It is just no fun at all. Maybe im not the fastest player but i managed to do good on all the other games.But here you can win your fights and still loose the game cause of that poor game concept with army strength.You're under time pressure and couldnt achive a minor goal? Weakens your companyYou win the fight but under heavy losses? weakens your company.And its just not balanced at all. Some Fights were not worth the name although rated with 4 crosses, others were impossible with some companys - but ofc you cant save or load old games. Just frustrating.Totally not recommanded"
76561198008331868,Not Recommended,231430,33422635,Posted: 9 July,all,Lance,"This game released in 2013. With that being said it still runs like garbage performance-wise. This issue has flooded the reddit forums for over FOUR YEARS. How is this possible? I actually love the CoH franchise and this game is really good. I have over 400 logged on this game and countless support tickets in regards to the perforance issues. I get games can be released for over a year and have issues like performance, even two, but in a full release game.. four years? Come on.. that is just sad.I have a gtx 1080 ti, a i7 7600k and 1tb SSD with a 1000W psu. I have no issues running other games except for this one. It's sad to say, but it's true. I attempted to get into the ladder scene for the game, but again the performance is so horrid that it really just takes away from the experience overall. Anyways, I would not reccomened sadly."
,Not Recommended,231430,34399059,Posted: 21 August,all,Mortar,Niby fajnie bo szczylosz do kacapów ale♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥relica i tak
,Not Recommended,231430,35221151,Posted: 26 September,all,GaMmEr4LiFe,Dose not launch!
76561198309428020,Not Recommended,231430,35451847,Posted: 3 October,all,sam618,Company of heroes 1 with mods is far more superior then this one. Has in-game store which is huge turn off. To have new abilities and tactics you need to buy from store. I didn't enjoy this game at all. Doesnt yet have nice mods. I bought it during sale and I suggest to do that for others you are interested.Those who have never played COH 1 might enjoy this but for COH1 players like me this game doesnt cut it. Voice acting is bad. Environment doesnt look real. In short there is nothing memorable about this game. COH 1 has lot of it compared to COH2.
76561198070322445,Recommended,231430,23126872,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,PM_Nicholas,"A Very well made Strategy game, and i would recommend it."
,Recommended,231430,35411029,Posted: 2 October,all,Götz von Berlichingen,Defination of good game
,Recommended,231430,8779021,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Clambumper007,"it's an ok game not worth $40 but at $13 it's a little more reasonable, the game play is ehh and the machanics are not that great. i really wish that the game was a little more managed due to the battles taking forever to finish because every one can't apperently shoot right, and the enemy AI is a little difficult even in the easiest mode"
76561198132350669,Not Recommended,231430,18961321,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Liebynight,WAY less units then the first game especially when it comes to vehicles.
76561198020478329,Recommended,231430,11230065,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,southeebg,Great game
76561198065146381,Recommended,231430,17911277,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,PiggyBackBandit,"First of all, I'm not one for Multiplayer. So know that what I'm about to say is from someone who only played single player. I won't tell you this game is teh greatest game ever. And I'm not going to tell you this is better then all others in the genre. But it is fun. True the infantry limit fells kinda small and limiting at times, and true the missions can be a bit rail roady at times. But it does feel great when you set up a good static defense and the animations are amazing and theres alot of content here.It should also be noted that Sega has some shady buisness practices as of late. And you might not want to support that. To that end I would say you need to be aware who your money goes to and what they do as your most powerfull voice you have comes from your wallet.All that aside, would I buy it again? Yes. Though at $40 I might wait a bit for a steam sale. I had fun, it lasted me a while, and while some might take an issue with Sega the game was good enough for me to overlook it this time. If you really want a World War 2 RTS that does good resource management and looks amazing, this is your game."
76561198033443675,Recommended,231430,21442273,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Zoot,i think those who brag about the dlcs..they got the game as a gift or won it from a raffle..EVERY SINGLE DLC OF THIS GAME IS WORTH IT!also..you can just buy them when they are on sale..just like i did..5/7recommend it highly
76561198263523002,Not Recommended,231430,21179022,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,IV. Valdemar,"Do you searching RTS?. Yeah? You shouldn't buy this gameBut somethnig real OMG! Geramn Elite troops,Stormtroopers,Fallschmajegers... But bu bu... Russian biass! much riflemans much shermans much T-34 patatos. Yea ıt's real RTS!Do u want 2 play multiplayer mode?10 hours played Vs. 10000gours played player...Who can won?So don2t play this game!"
,Recommended,231430,13109073,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,LuckyFkr,After 1000 hours of play you will develop the 1000 yard stare.10/10
,Recommended,231430,15070481,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,GodNo.XIII,Worth it
76561198100600844,Recommended,231430,16531502,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,MG83,Are you interested with ww2 ? are you interested with strategy game? This is a game you will never get bored to play.
76561198088595132,Recommended,231430,17820607,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,=x-FoX-x=,"best game this only pc game i still playing for now ,cause i only play ps4 game but coh2 is still best ."
76561197992477305,Recommended,231430,19792731,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,zaku49,"MP only review, didn't care for SP, purchases only army's.I went in hating this game since I loved COH, after playing it for a while I'd say it's totally worth owning. I purchased the game and the army's when they were on sale. So if you loved COH you'll love this one, just give it time. They're extra things to purchase in the game but they're all pretty much useless..."
,Recommended,231430,7828682,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Guardsman Sly Marbo,pretty good game overall. has its ups and downs but overall its pretty well made.
76561197972523475,Recommended,231430,8498937,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Boursin9,"Changing my tune. Game has been updated and is so very much fun.Stomping the computer is fun. Once you get good, come try mulitplayer.I still prefer COH1 (better units in my opinion) but COH2 is well worth the $$$!"
76561198054422139,Recommended,231430,35461561,Posted: 3 October,all,U WOT MVIII,RTT games are where it's at. Для Сталина!
76561197970483901,Not Recommended,231430,35503457,Posted: 5 October,all,Bellicose,No
76561197980052798,Recommended,231430,848561,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Avenger907.NL,"This is another very entertaining and good strategy game. It feels a little different playing this game then Company of Heroes 1 but there are a lot of innovative new features. New weapons other ways to upgrade the weapons, soldiers, vehicles and crews. The graphics are very stunning to the say the least. It requires a fairly fast computer. Make sure your system is up to it. The sounds are realistic and dialogues funny but sometimes shocking too. It's full of combat and has some nice maps. Although I got the impression that finishing the game campagnes isn't that hard to do. The game also has coop and that makes the game rise in top 10 of best strategy games to date. If you like strategy games you have to have this game and you won't regret it."
,Recommended,231430,19309157,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,OverMarz,Company of Heroes 2 is like a box of chocolates - you never know what you're gonna get. ;)[R]andom [N]umber [G]enerator Game
,Recommended,231430,8003168,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Lasheen,"Amazing Strategy Game, Heavy Graphics though needs a high end card to fix performance issues.I feel like the strategy games are fading away so we must keep on supporting a good game and specially if it's strategy so that companies keep on devolping them.Solid game, graphics is amazing,  story is great and the Theater of war is an amazing mode to play with friends.I Like how you can customize your army and the generals so much fun.I give it 9/10 just because of the performance issues on ultra it requires a very high end graphic card to run it smooth over 60 FPS on maxed out settings, which never was the issue for any strategy game before.Keep up the good work Relic."
,Recommended,231430,9965881,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,R O S E N T H A L | @Army,Best RTS what I know so far.It has its pros and cons but overall its good.
76561198052655496,Recommended,231430,12591046,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Stormwynd,"A great game!   It feels just like the original Company of heroes that I played for 100s of hours.  It has been upgraded and improved in every way to 100% satisfaction.  But I was not going to pay the full price when it first came out so instead I waited for it to go on sale and only paid about $16 for the game that included Western U S allies.  I am happy for the price and being a very experienced gamer I can say that I am impressed, which does not seem to happen too often these days with the poorly made newer video games."
,Recommended,231430,7999687,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Smeagol,"Best RTS ever made , amazing graphics/audio MUST HAVE for any RTS fan and if you're not RTS fan try it !Game has a learning curve so so you'll need some time to figure everything out and find your playstyle but it's well worth it.If you're CoH 1 player, you liked the first one but you're still wondering if you should buy it the naswer is definitely yes.Sure it feels bit different and it will take few rounds to get used to but lts of things got improved.On the downside ranking system of CoH 1 and lobbies are gone which is a real shame."
,Recommended,231430,8599431,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Standartenführer Kriegschwarz,Best RTS you can find! +10
76561198069796729,Recommended,231430,7788850,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,KenWesRem,"Amazing game, horrible micro-transactions though.Overall great community, you hardly run into annoying people.There are some who use overpowerd tactics, but you'll learn how to beat those soon enough.Campaign is great, i enjoyed it very much, even though it felt a little short.Still playing it today, 27-11-13 about 360 hours and still counting.Ciao"
,Recommended,231430,8716213,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,NotoriousVoyager.-,"Lost my future, lost my girlfriend, lost my home 10/10"
76561198047457608,Recommended,231430,8731309,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,KronicMeerkat,"why are people buying this? if get company of heroes one with all the dlc (and yes its actualy dlc not fluff, but actual campagns)  it costs me less! and im sure there are a lot of multiplayer maps avalable in the base game but i very much dought you will get the stagering 52 skirmish maps and 5 bonus gamemode maps and six very long campagns for £25 that you did in the first one SO PEOPLE IF WANT THIS GAME GET THE FIRST ONE ITS CHEAPER AND EVERYTHING IN IT THAT THE SECOUND ONE HAD MINUS THE ANOYING SNOW (i think that ones a plus though XD)"
76561198025843157,Recommended,231430,8448403,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,eMpiRe,great game
,Recommended,231430,8745007,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,[M.A.T.A.R] Gnx,One of the best action rts so far.
76561198069449787,Not Recommended,231430,23047818,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,kevin2kp,"Everything that COH2 does (or tries to do), COH does it better."
76561198014251066,Recommended,231430,7991644,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Lee,Great game.  I really like the fact they are really trying at relic to make this game the most of what it can be.Kudos.
,Recommended,231430,8366955,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dracus,"★★★★★★★★★☆9/10Forget all the hate for this game. To me, it is humbly legendary.If you have played any titles of the CoH franchise, your experience will never be complete until you get to this one.If you have not, then this is the one you should start off with.So, what are you waiting for?"
,Not Recommended,231430,14378572,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Franky124144,Didn't know this was a video game. Boy is my face red!
76561198102072108,Recommended,231430,24947049,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,[SMOL]StepOnALego,"I'm Rick Harrison, and this is my pawn shop. I work here with my old man and my son, Big Hoss. Everything in here has a story and a price. One thing I've learned after 21 years - you never know what is gonna come through that door."
76561197967011371,Recommended,231430,10563389,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Tetley,As good as the first with many improvements always coming in.
,Recommended,231430,12437798,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Woah man,its ok 10/10 ~ IGN
,Recommended,231430,8157686,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Bloser,"Beta gave me low hope for this game, multiplayer was buggy and singleplayer wasn't that interesting. If this was you; don't looka way. This game has made a huge turn around since Beta in my eyes. If you were a big fan of the original CoH's you must pick this up!"
,Recommended,231430,8591806,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Capishe™,"I haven't really played the prequals, but this is a pretty good game in my opinion. Nice campaign and a good game to play coop or against your friends with! I can recommend it."
76561198018545085,Recommended,231430,8380332,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ItsAmazing,It's an amazing game
76561197980714970,Recommended,231430,9920768,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,SnakeEyes,"Possibley the greatest RTS ever made.  IF you like RTS games with strategy, and not spam, and a developer who cares who is constantly working to balance and improve the expericene, then this is your game! Just amazing how many hours I and my friends have logged to this game. I will litterally buy and dlc instantly because of the commitment of the devolpers to this game and the unique rts creation they have built!!!! Cant say enough how great this franchise and this game is!!!!!!"
76561198007532107,Recommended,231430,8717274,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Smooth_Operator,Fantastic game! Great diversity! Only pity is the expense of the DLCs!
,Recommended,231430,8768773,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Basic Bot,"One of the best strategic games ever made with a level of sophistication only the core games like Age of Empires can rival. Its a game that lead the way for new levels of strategic gameplay and makes players feel the reality of war. That victory is not only for the best but also for the lucky ones, the ones whom more factors where by their side, at the time of the battle. There are a few games that can match the level of stategic depth this game has and the ones who do, aren't better, they are good in their own unique way.-Keybraker"
76561198057423362,Recommended,231430,8773380,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Darth Onez(I am back!),The Greatest Real Time startegy for me :)
76561197994123503,Recommended,231430,8614545,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Fidel,"This is an awesome game, all the good stuff from CoH 1 was there and they had made it even better in my opinion. The only thing that I wished for was the longer or multiple campaigns. All-in-all a great game definetelly worth of buying as it gives you endless hours of fun. I think it is the best strategy game I have played since CoH 1."
,Recommended,231430,12591056,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Lacari,"For old or new CoH players, I believe anyone will enjoy this game, a great RTS game.A few points I'll make though+ Great graphics+ Well-balanced factions+ Fun and lengthy matches+ Great destructive environment+ Environmental effects- DLCs galore, the only one worth recommending right now is The Western Front Armies, prefer on sale- Game generally feels like the first company of heroes in a few aspects such as modes, managing units etc- A bit expensive for what it is, get on sale- Nothing revolutionary compared to first CoHOverall though, the game is hella fun. And if you can pick it up on sale it's well worth it."
,Recommended,231430,7997558,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Kauzer,"Multiplayer is realy interesting and fun , coop missions aswell. But single player campaign smells anti soviet / russian politic crap."
76561198030171973,Not Recommended,231430,12823652,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Discombobulated Jaeger{GOTEM},"This game crash a lot, laggy when play online.  I got update every other week, no improvement and getting worse every time.  I think we all deserve money back!"
,Recommended,231430,11842736,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Wyrm,"While, as an RTS, CoH2 does not place as much emphasis on micro-management and APM as others in its genre such as Starcraft, it offers a unique squad-based experience stressing long-term macro and unit / resource management. The game, upon release, was fairly imbalanced and riddled with bugs; However, over the past few months, many balance changes and bug fixes took place and I very much enjoy this game, in stark contrast to when it was first released.If you're a veteran of the RTS genre and looking for a new style of play, or are new to RTS's and a WWII fan in general, this game is definitely one you should consider, especially considering you can stand-alone purchase OKW and the US forces."
,Recommended,231430,14265464,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,SPOOK,"It is your first time playing Company of Heros Multiplayer, and after waiting a while match is found. You look at your oppenent's nation: ''Oberkommando what?'' you wonder. The game begins and immediately things go to♥♥♥♥♥♥ All of yourtroops are quickly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by wave and wave of Pumas and hardened german soldiers. But then help arrives!! Your T-34's and KV-1's push back the hordes of Germans. All is going well until you heard a rumbling in the distance. Soon a company of german tanks led by a mighty King Tiger is upon you. The King Tiger takes one look at your noble Russian tanks and through its massive armor you can almost hear it's crew dying of laughter. They happily one-shot your puny tanks and drive over to base♥♥♥♥♥♥you for the rest of the match."
76561197986731719,Recommended,231430,8665925,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Mr. Tex,"While not perfect and certainly not a genre shattering product, COH2 delivers the same experience more or less than COH-1. However, I believe that there is a lot of flak over this game because it didn't top COH-1. It was more or less ""more of the same"" and some modifications. I think there is enough to earn this game a place in anyones strategy lineup but I also agree that changes could be made to better suit the tastes of players. Greater Zoom-Out would be a start, more units would be pleasant as well. Having not to pay for those units would be a real blessing."
76561198008428915,Recommended,231430,11054936,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Carlos5505,"I love this game. I'm a die hard fan of the CoH series.CoH2 is a step-up from CoH1 and focuses more on fighting than ever. The tide of the battle can change in an instance depending on how you drive your tanks or were you decide to set up that MG42.It is true taht they did infact sell commanders and camouflage patterns but that has changed for teh greater good. Now they have stped with that nonsense and are giving out the bulletins, commanders and camouflage in ""war spoils"". War spoils is a system were you earn different items within thes categorys after matches etc.The Campaign is good but the not the best. It lacks an German campaign and the Russian is not what CoH1 was. There is a very good story but it is full of missunderstandings taken out of context from reality.The community is great. They fight to the death. If everything isn't going your way or theirs, they will still fight on and eighter depending on the situation; defend their base to the very bitter end or to try and retake the map in success. They ofer help and work togheter to win and to succede in flag capture and support aswell as repairing vehicles or killing enemies.Just like in all communites there are bad apples. Ragequiters, medium level players that complain about new ones or call you a f**got if you don't play his way.There's also Co-op missions called ""theater of war"" unfortunatley there is only one (quite packed) theater of war mission collection avaible. The other two you ahve to buy for a small price.In these missions you assasinate commanders, fight with tanks, establish radio connections, assualt sectors with various units and also defend locations. Both German and Russian missions exist.In multiplayer there are four different categories with up to four players on each team. Aoutmatch vs Players (standard multiplayer), AI (fight against an AI), Custom game (customise the options, spawning locations, game mode wich is Anihalation were you win by killing teh other or victory points wich is much like Conquest). And lastly Public games (server menu where you can join maps or players aswell as gamemodes of your liking). Also in custom game modes and public servers you can play workshop maps made by players themselves, don't worry if you ahven't downloaded a map in a server taht you want to play. As you join you will aoutomatically download the map within seconds and you ready.There is also an expansion pack (just like in the first CoH expansion packs they offer new maps and two new armies) called western armies. It brings new ways to play and new comanders, bulletins, camouflage, armies (Americans and Oberkommando) and offcourse units and vehicles.In multiplayer you start the game and construct buildings for new units or send out your command vehicles. You can choose your commander at start and be one step ahead of your enemy or you can wait to see what he has and choose an apropriate commander taht responds to his. Bulletins gives you certain smal advantages such as some vehicles or units gets stronger weapon damage or quicker speed. These are called bulletins.Commanders also offer vehicles such as the IS-2 (Russian heavy tank) heavy mortars, airstrikes in various forms, Tiger tanks, command tanks, defensive buildings, anti-tank guns and artillery, weapon upgrades, units and other vehicles.+1 in my book. A very good game. Not the best but it is well worth the money."
,Not Recommended,231430,10474123,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,PotisMan,Coh 2 is suck to Coh1 ;(
,Not Recommended,231430,9924826,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,cape,"To be honest, things like these just make me sad, a somewhat decent sequel to an awesome game, I feel like they just duplicated the same game, it feels like they're just reskins, and the Russians are just...Eh. I cannot write much. So I will edit this some other time."
76561197994083211,Recommended,231430,9920694,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Kaffe,It is fun.
,Recommended,231430,9930897,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Blah F.U.B.A.R.,"After ive been playing this game for a while now,i here many people go on balance in the game am prity sure there was never balance in a real war.As many people would now i am a vetran to Company of Heroes franchise have been since day it first got released and moan about paying extra money for DLCs for Company of heroes 2 and skins and so on and so on.Well i can only say this game for me is worth every penny ive paid more and would pay more and will for when Western Front comes out.So if you are and where and loved original Company of Heroes this has takin all them years and turned this game in to a battle on the Eastern Front but so much better and getting better."
76561197988148386,Not Recommended,231430,11644005,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Xaxi,"Take a great and innovative game, remove the strong points and try to transforme it into Starcraft. You will have this huge smelly♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198041739200,Recommended,231430,8777659,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,wowcoh56,"Played COH1 over 1000 games and gotta say it was one of the best RTS games ever made.  Company of Heroes 2 follows suit, little bit of rocky launch but as of now game rocks.... tons of fun, after more maps are added and new factions eventually game will surpass COH1Several months later... game has surpassed COH1..... best RTS out at the moment 1/10/2016"
76561197988266670,Recommended,231430,8731941,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,MACK-ATTACK,"While not as good as the first one , I have enjoyed it nontheless. Unfortuanlty this is a title that has a butload of dlc. IF you can get them on a good sale not a deal breaker, but as is its way to much. I do enjoy the updated graphics and the snow maps very much. Fighting the russians is refreshing. In summary I really like coh and this is a good addition. Could it have been better? Yes in many ways. But as is I still enjoyed it. and getting it on sale is a bonus!"
76561198081380949,Recommended,231430,8386973,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dead Memories,i love this game grate story and game play. i love it more than number 1 lol
,Recommended,231430,12491315,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Williamz,"Underated, most unique RTS to date. After solving the issues with the infamous storyline which plummeted reviews for the release and sorting balancing issues Relic strongly believe they can do it right. They have shown much devotion in the last few months with major patch changes and frequent content updates, I believe they can as well."
76561198062675480,Recommended,231430,8285589,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Sparks,Very detailed and extremely dynamic RTS
76561198387102935,Not Recommended,231430,32142450,Posted: 2 June,all,黄河滩野驴,不推荐游戏他没有中文。所以入手需慎重。没有中文实在是很不方便we need chinese有巨量bug，原以为出来这么久了，会少点。BUG 太多了····撤退到一半找不到路停下了···这一代寻路系统简直可怕
76561198001019148,Not Recommended,231430,23249883,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,OnePunchMan,"Since when the British faction came, the game has become inbalanced."
76561198045924579,Not Recommended,231430,34625550,Posted: 30 August,all,Hitler,"Wtf is this DLC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, game was good but these greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s ruined it. We miss you THQ ;("
76561198098425291,Recommended,231430,7624047,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Gost,Лучшая RTS про вторую мировую войну!
76561198019114329,Not Recommended,231430,22681586,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Emiya Kiritsugu,"Genius MatchmakingWaste moeny waste time waste lives.The deep-rooted bad habits of the human beings.The limit of endurance/////Company of bugs , 3 years anniversary edition."
76561198016279985,Not Recommended,231430,13685301,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,PewPewChap,"Всем приветМеня зовут Никита и сейчас я хочу написать свое мнение об этой игре,оно будет кратким т,к я начинающий обозреватель)ИГРА♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Думаю это всеХорошего дня ваш Никита"
,Not Recommended,231430,11384664,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,DecroMcQuin,"Unfortunatly I keep trying to play this game with my brother but every time he destroys me due to command lagging. All I realy want to play here is the MP but it's so broken that that's not possible. I love CoH, I love WWII stratrgy games but when I can't even move my guys with waiting for them to finish their lunch break before they even get moving, I'm sorry but I cn't recomend. I tried to look up this problem to trobleshoot it and only found other people asking if they were fixing this? And I found posts of it that came out in November of last year! It's just sad that they can charge 40$ for this when it's so broken."
76561198020608598,Recommended,231430,11679366,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Pepechet,GOOD GAME!!
76561198090782593,Recommended,231430,9877578,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,freshers,they refuse to leave WW2 era. Still one of my favorite games tho. Korean War next.
,Not Recommended,231430,10148485,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,SirAndrew✞♔,I was 1 dollor off when i tried to buy the game and for the DlC that they offered 0.05$
76561198123980836,Not Recommended,231430,23808160,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,allenmelick,"I would not recommond Company of heroes 2. just buy the original. more people play it. not to mention, to do basically anything in this game, you have to pay because its some sort of dlc or something. I got ripped off because when i thought i was buying all the dlc, i was actually buying adds for it or something. If you do end up buying this game, just get the base game and then get the dlc from there."
,Recommended,231430,8704735,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Dispenser,"Got it on sale for like $13 or $14. I'd say it's definately worth it for that price. It's pretty much CoH 1 with Russian and a hand full of differences. Campaign is pretty cool, especially because it makes real Ruskies pooper peeved."
,Recommended,231430,9011501,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,SCE_CoconutCat,:soviet:
76561197991545317,Not Recommended,231430,8970533,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Sgt. Tackleberry,It sucks.
76561197963107509,Recommended,231430,10031785,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,ElliPse,"A minor step back in the franchise but overall a solid ww2 rts.  Only problem is the campaign is boring and the progression system is lacking greatly.  Boring, miniscule buffs that take months to achieve and tank skins, that's about it.  Gamplay-wise it's almost identicle to the first.  Which is actually a pretty good thing but had hoped for something more.  My biggest peeve with the game has to be the commanders.  You choose from a list of like 20 commanders and maybe 5 of them are decent, the rest suck. I actually found myself getting more bored every second I had to look through all the commanders and choose, frankly I miss the old ones from the first.I would be overjoyed to see Stonewall make a triumphant return, but it appears I am the only person on earth that was in love with that mode.  Towards the end of my run with the first I found myself greatly enjoying the single stonewall map available, but there's only so many  ways you can beat the same map over and over.Edit: After playing a little bit of the expansion ""Western Front Armies"" I can tell you that the progression system has been tweaked and a ton of new maps have been added, in addition to the 2 new armies (which have been done nicely so far). Slightly more positive about the progression system, seeing as you now earn loot crates at the end of each match, which can give you varying levels of common to rare buffs, skins, and commanders.  You can even earn the previous commanders and skins that were only attainable through dlc purchases before.  Oh and yay now an allied team can set up machine gun bunkers too!All in all still worth the buy.  If you are a new Company player then I would highly suggest buying it for whatever price.  If you are a pretty big fan of the original, you should still buy it, but maybe wait for a sale and then judge.  My buddy and I still play every now and then, but nothing like the 1000+ hours we put into the first. While still a good game, that's saying something."
,Recommended,231430,12417049,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Kushington,Shock Troops = Super Soldiers
76561198120191072,Not Recommended,231430,22971919,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,CSG,Just no.
76561198002900291,Recommended,231430,7745949,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Pappa Paksen,best game ever
,Not Recommended,231430,11532967,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Battletoad,Not Recommended
76561197975991022,Not Recommended,231430,10411569,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,HotShot,"I got isuues with this game , i payed for this game and after installation noticed the ""Campaign"" mode is locked , i played Tutorial but still it's not available :-("
76561198017164110,Not Recommended,231430,10399483,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,SiN,"Game mechanics are as good as CoH 1 but the game feels more like an expansion rather than a sequel. But the real reason I would not recommend this is because it falls into the stereotypical entertainment scene that wants you to believe that Soviet commanders were the main defenition of evil. I played two missions so far and I can feel there is ridiculous amount of propaganda trying to inaccurately reflect history.First mission: Enemy at the gates style - defending stanlingrad. Reckless commanders who shoot everyone who falls back. Many soldiers don't have weapons and being forced to jump into german gun fire and die.Second mission: Soviet commanders defending a town - then burning it at the stake including defending troops, civilians and houses. And finally blowing up a bridge and killing rest of their own troops.I am surely not an advocate for communism. But, truth be told, Russia deserves praise for all the sacrifices they paid against the Nazis. And many of those events presented in Western video games and movies are either over-exagerated or totally far from reality.I regret paying Relic my money, I'll make sure this doesn't happen again!"
76561198006915830,Not Recommended,231430,10398489,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Ary,Company of heroes 2 is but a bad attempt to create a russian story (who suck's) the game is very unbalanced (russian's don't stand a chance against germans and don't have good enought anti vehicle weapons) plus if you really want to stand a chance in online battles you have to buy the special comaders (Greedy corporation alert) there are some special game modes ( who you also have to buy extra) who are just normal VS battle's with a small spocken story.Overall Company of heroes 2 is very frustrating and has plenty of unrealistic situations For exaple it can happen that two enemy troop's litterally stand next to eachother and fire like crazy and it still take's 10-20sec. until one of the is dead ( there is no hand to hand combat)If you want to buy a decent game stick with the original company of heroes it's much better and way more fun (Seriously company of heroes 2 is just one big pile of garbage)
,Not Recommended,231430,23301499,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Death Monger,cash grab
,Not Recommended,231430,35098304,Posted: 20 September,all,DUKE_Rabbit[CHN],"Sell in China, without Chinese, what are you thinking?Though my English is well ,but I wanna say ""f uck you SEGA"" ......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα中国玩家顶起来"
76561198168823046,Not Recommended,231430,23035038,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Galgrutz,"without the overpricd dlc it feels barebones, like someything is missing. You only have 2 of the 5 armies to chose from and only 1 campain, basicaly its your average sega game.If you can get the game and DLC cheap the go for it, otherwise its only good as an odd skirmish game"
,Not Recommended,231430,28322870,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Barcodereader,"Can't recommend this historically inaccurate pro-nazi ♥♥♥♥♥♥y. Claims to be 'historically balanced' but might as well have been written by Goebbels himself. Additionally, gameplay is okay, but the game has been milked for DLC and monetized to hell."
76561198018754072,Not Recommended,231430,24000235,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,EricTViking,"Company of Heroes 1 - build up your defences, plan your attacks carefully, live to fight another day.Company of Heroes 2 - Leeroy Jenkins."
76561197991486268,Not Recommended,231430,16165541,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,somereal,"no brain in game, germans are gods, can't be bitten in online games at all, if u win u play with noob"
76561198017148428,Recommended,231430,9112372,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,CommandoKeaghz,"The Company of heroes franchise has once again stood strong with the newly realeased Company of heroes 2, offering a new  and exciting gameplay for fans of the previous installment to enjoy. COH2 is set in the eastern front which offers a new weather system which could allow your troops to drop dead in snow storms if not careful. The game improves by adding better unit control and best of all more customization to your army by allowing the user to choose which commander and skin to apply to each type of tank. However, the omly ownside of this is that most skins and commanders come at a costly price which the user must purchase to unlock. Despite this, the multiplayer is fantastic offering many maps and an equal balanced gameplay experience. Coming from an original Copmpany of heroes veteran the game has improved in many areas but could take time for COH veterans to adjust to the new UI. However COH2 is a very demanding game and generally runs low FPS on standard computers, be sure your PC is built for gaming before purchasing the new installment."
,Recommended,231430,8067473,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Deplorable Dave,"Best WWII RTS series--hell, rts series of all time."
76561198126237559,Not Recommended,231430,23834129,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Aquila von Auckenburg,bought coh2felt goodconsidered and bought all dlcs to support relictried thread of war and loved itopened 1 of them todayspent 40 mins rekting russians and captured their tanks with minimum lossesfinished main objective and was thinking about how to finish it in a perfect waygame crashed and counted as unfiished objectiveFFS FIX IT PLEASE RELIC
,Recommended,231430,7945427,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Drizzzz,defenitly worth buying! singleplayer is good and the multiplayer is in my oppinion even better.I've played coh1 and think this game will eventually get on the same level.It's just so much fun to ride around with tanks and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up.
,Recommended,231430,7933322,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Hitler,"This game had the potential to be a masterpeice... one of the best RTS games ever made... but, they fluffed it all up. Not to mention that once you start playing bk-mod for CoH1, you can never look back, but still. They totally ruined vanilla CoH for me with these because they tried to make a new game rather than alter an already incredible one. Still though, its a very unique rts and has lots of potential in it. 50/50 on the recomendation so ill just leave it at a yes."
,Recommended,231430,8539655,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Fuklinski,"Intensely enjoyable, though does come with a considerable price tag with the purchasing of DLC Commanders. In terms of gameplay, this title matches closely with its predecessor with a few added strategic concerns that bring interesting challenges to players of all skill ranges.Winter is unforgiving to the ill-prepared. Truesight provides fantastic opportunities for flanking and ambushes. A wide range of army customisation offers an unparalleled level of strategic variation, making for intense team and solo matchmaking.Frequent patches provide tweaks to balance, ensuring a level playing field.The single player campaign is decent, if somewhat historically questionable, and the Theatre of War challenges are distracting enough, though it is in multiplayer where Company of Heroes 2 truly shines as an RTS epic. A recommended buy for Company of Heroes fans and anyone with a keen interest on the Eastern Front."
,Recommended,231430,7874407,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,(/._.\) oh no,"the price they charge here for NZ is ridiculous, srsly. ♥♥♥♥ Sega's pricing here."
76561198061128594,Not Recommended,231430,10747510,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Charlie The Wonder Dog,"OK this game is designed by MORONS, 1. You cant zoom out far enough to get a decent view of whats going and 2 which i find amazingly mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is that you have to use your arrow keys to move around the map. This means I have to shift my keyboard AAAALLLL the way to the left of my desk so that they are in a comfortable position. Why not use the WASD keys like every other game in exsistence? Mental ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats why. How about the option to change your key bindings???? Nope ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Because of these 2 reasons which you will find EXTREMELY frustrating I would advise heavily against buying this game. A waste of money in my opinion"
,Not Recommended,231430,11296743,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,TheBigDirty,dont bother
76561197986704492,Not Recommended,231430,30598315,Posted: 18 March,all,SiX,"Bought this in the Steam sale, I absolutely don't recommend anyone buying it. First of all it's only properly playable if you buy all the DLC's (which I did because they were all in sale). However, missions suck bad. Even on medium difficulty way to tough to beat the opponent. No proper tutorial, only in-game videos which don't teach you crap. Worst thing is that you can't even play this game with friends on other platforms... Yes you read it correctly. If you use a Mac you can't play against Windows and vice versa. How... Even L4D2 supports this feature..."
,Not Recommended,231430,10719121,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,FreeGrens,"It's alright, has P2W DLC and worse mechanics than CoH1"
76561198139667032,Not Recommended,231430,10648788,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Ghost,"Company of Heroes was a great game for its time, but with Men of War series offering better tactical options in gameplay and more realism, I cannot reccomend Company of Heroes 2 as its more of an expansion than a real standalone game."
,Not Recommended,231430,10019230,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,AOL Instant Messenger,♥♥♥♥♥game 0/10
76561198035804842,Not Recommended,231430,8895180,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,WillyStank,"This game is far worse than the original Company of Heros, Relic and Sega are doing a terrible job with the online gameplay for both versions of the game. DON'T BUY UNTIL THEY FIX THE GAMEPLAY!!!!!!"
76561198067822956,Not Recommended,231430,8911804,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,.....,"This game involves alot of micro -managing of your troops. If you like something which runs on its own after a click, you will definitely not like this game."
,Not Recommended,231430,8894751,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,"Egon Spengler, Ph. D.",Not as good as the first.
,Not Recommended,231430,8911287,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Niberium,"Game is not working on Windows 8.1, developers know about it, but don't care."
76561198046894873,Recommended,231430,9555667,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,QUI_BONG_JINN_420<KUSHJEDI>,Dis is gud game.
,Not Recommended,231430,17078784,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Exka,It's a waste of time and money.
76561198302545545,Not Recommended,231430,29568738,Posted: 29 January,all,Faust,"If you want to ♥♥♥♥ your money for this sheety game buy it! Unbalanced game, in multyplayer bad match split, bad comunity, drop of FPS so is bad, bad company, and more bad..... ,so if you want to try this game, try it only for single player! Or just buy the Company of Heroes! Or wait the Relic to make this game to work maybe in a 1000 years! ""Too soon"" they said!"
,Recommended,231430,9487577,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Rodrigues,-----
76561197998124237,Recommended,231430,11948676,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,BringDaRakuS,You can smoke ganja to this
76561198043845086,Recommended,231430,9874401,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,LiverbirdLFC1,love the game
,Not Recommended,231430,10180592,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Cherios,It's been DLC'd and eSports'd to all hell
,Recommended,231430,9929755,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,CommandrAwesome,this is a great game. been playing COH since the beginning. Well worth the money for any RTS fan!
76561197963141303,Recommended,231430,9933156,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,PbWiz79,"It,s content is still growing."
76561198045086743,Not Recommended,231430,32171738,Posted: 4 June,all,☣Dxeatyh,"Ardennes Assault?????How the hell you expect to win a war with a few troops as you do not want to make more as the next mission you will not have anything to fight with????????????Blah blah to the people you think they can in a war war then 1 guy good for them,the first COH2 was fun but not this crap.COH2 Tell the us army they doing it wrong they can send everyone home and  just use some people to win any and all wars as per Ardennes Assault"
76561198083898073,Not Recommended,231430,31813994,Posted: 17 May,all,Excellent,says i need to buy the game already own it wtf
,Recommended,231430,8228579,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,GrimReaper,the best
76561198047818666,Recommended,231430,8246637,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,"armcurl_7 ""Modus Ponens""","Probably one of the most realistic world war two warfare games I've played to date. It rewards you for good real life tactics and punishes you if you refuse them. For also beings such a great strategic game it also emphasizes the use of the micro over the macro and also makes war less of a resource bid than it is a tactical bid for the overall outcome. For example, if starcraft is a game that is economy intensive and all about the macro and which troops you have then this game is the opposite. Many I time I've beaten enemy opponents by way of use of particular skills of certain units to overcome a greater opponent of numbers. If you've played the original company of heroes you'll be relieved to know that the germans are not so incredibly and sadistically overpowered in the late game as the Relic heard the cries of the allies in the original game and made some of the Russian tanks easily spammable or given other options to take out the dreaded axis super weapons like the Tiger tank or the Elefant. As for some of the other abilities the new stuff sometimes can be cheap but otherwise its been more or less balanced and I recommend this game for anyone interested in a deep strategy game."
,Recommended,231430,7769045,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Le Elvis,"Best RTS game for a long long time hands down. It is a very polished product taking into consideration the problems the team had to cope with during the development process. I was afraid that CoH2 couldn't step out of the shadow of its predecessor, but truth is that it is a worthy successor to ""the best RTS of all time""."
,Recommended,231430,8435735,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,NepuNepu,One of the best RTS games out there!
76561198120347817,Recommended,231430,8737154,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Mainlinesin,Very fast paced and action packed 8/10!
76561198082639955,Recommended,231430,8275334,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,SuperbananaNL,"I realy feel that this sequel is better then the first game. while remaining the nice features from the first game some other features have been imporved (like stealth, or captering of teretory(<-- spelled wrong sry)) i do find the premium pack somewhat expensive though but it definately isnt pay to win there are extra commanders but your realy dont need them to win. I've won and lost like normal versus these commanders without the payed commanders and i bought the extra commanders later (after 1 month i guess because i wanted the kv 2 and heavy howitzer --> bigger is more awesome) and still im not winning every game.As a conclusion id say it is a nice game but it can be difficult to learn and play good but it is realy worth the money (id rate an 8.5)"
76561198023073575,Recommended,231430,7985659,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,gruntz,fantastic rts game.  great with friends you know.  add me and we can play a match
76561198355935650,Not Recommended,231430,31310712,Posted: 22 April,all,mycct,"在中国玩家占比这么高的游戏里没有中文，这么多差评还提醒的不够吗?只能差评继续提醒！在这个前提下其他的不用费口舌了。so many chinese player ,so many player ask for Chinese language pack,  but still no Chinesization.=> not recommend.other criticism is a little smaller compare with it."
,Not Recommended,231430,16230648,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,BokitoProof,inferior to its predecessor
,Recommended,231430,9265616,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Judd Forest,"One of the best RTS games i've played, and I highly recommend it to anyone in search of a good game."
,Recommended,231430,9318877,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,tom23456,"I'm so bad at this game, but i still love it. Really worth buying, and great storyline to the campaign. Only thing i'd improve is that there is only a main campaign for Russia and not Germany and trucks can't pull guns."
76561197984747075,Recommended,231430,8710448,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Alucard639,this is the most fun ive ever had during WW2 lol
,Recommended,231430,8723302,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,BABYFARRKS MCGEEZAKKS,hery
76561198043060436,Recommended,231430,8639280,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,White Rice Matters,We say hell yeahhell yeahhell yeahfkn rightalright
76561198070414206,Recommended,231430,12990729,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Jar Jar Binx,"great game, it's like an advanced chess game"
,Recommended,231430,11241019,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,jeem,i pretend russia is china when i play as them and then this game is pretty good
,Recommended,231430,32722365,Posted: 24 June,all,VEH DEH VEH,"A solid fast-paced WW2 RTSif you can look past the amount of Wehrabooism, slander of Soviet war efforts, disregard of NAZI war crime, anti-soviet propaganda and other political ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t present in this game.VOLKSSTURM DON'T REAL"
76561198063365585,Not Recommended,231430,22907235,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,The_Q,Iv played Coh for 15+ years .... this game is un optamized cartoon graghics its very sad the first Coh has real looking art and explosions. this game doesnt run very smooth. kinda feels broken.also this game is a giant cash grab pay for camo skins pay to win commanders and so on. if you pvp this game is pay to win. id recommend Coh1 it has real graghics runs smooth and has balanced commanders for a decent pvp exp. where the smarter person not a paid for commander wins the battles.also this game is basicaly dead no one plays it anymore more people have gone back Coh1 i know i did.lastly this game is all about who has the bigger mob army and fire power. no stratagy goes into this game at all.. if you went into the jungle and found the angriest monkey around he could be trained to play this game and still pick his butt and have time to sniff it fall off his chair and still win at this game..
,Recommended,231430,12565708,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,dragonSLO,Beast game ever !!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
,Recommended,231430,8753625,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,anakVunky,"Ok, maybe i played only for a while, but the feel is this game is just too same with the previous series. No major improvements and also only 2 playable faction, at least give it 4 just like COH with all the exp. packs.But i still recommend this game for those who havent played the first series, its a good game though.Myself will get it on higher discount, or maybe wait for expansion pack to add the faction. 2 factions just seem not enough for me."
76561198057718856,Recommended,231430,7322654,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,yindang213,"The game you played, the excitement you felt."
76561198041012252,Recommended,231430,8014652,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,WarPrice,It's a great game but boy do you need a good computer to feel the full experience from it.
76561198061420845,Recommended,231430,14078097,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,ionutcer [SG1],"It is a very nice strategy game, way better than the very old CoH1. I was stunned by the new features and the realism of te battle. I just loved the campaign, the storyline was very realistic and exctiting. The matchmaking is kinda frustrating if you don't have good multiplayer skins are cards (me ;_;), but if you teammates are good in tactics you can just support their army with indirect fire, for example.The physics of the bullets and grenades are much better, don't have to club the enemy for hours with 1vs1 rifle fight, thus everyone dies faster. I enjoyed this game very much, I can highly reccomend you it!"
,Not Recommended,231430,29367736,Posted: 19 January,all,PrincessBubblegum,"I used to play a lot of COh started recently and then remebered why i stopped, these games 'live or die' on thier multi play- but apprently SAgA can't make a game that isn't full of 'Modds' that 'don't offically exist'like for exmple when a low level player morta kills your team with the first shot (3 times in a row.)Summary :'Modds' basically hacks killed the multi player so for me this game is a bore fest - i find AOW more balanced and interesting (but you need toplay it via logmein) and for all the fool noobs that say the AOW balance is out, guess what?you just don't actually know how to play the game.COH has gotten out of hand with the cash cow it is - and there is alway another idiot ready to pay Sega more money - but they can't fix the basics of the multiplay so kids can't VET 'Modd'"
76561198255469965,Not Recommended,231430,28978904,Posted: 3 January,all,Fazan008,"stupid dlc crap,, dumbass piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥,,developers cant go die in fire with their families"
76561198126491316,Not Recommended,231430,15500919,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Sterben,What a f***ing bad gameI bought it (CD-rom-version)and when I want to install it I just needed the product codebut the worst of all is that I still need to buy it while the CD-roms lies in front of medoes someone know what to do
,Not Recommended,231430,25682085,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Malli,Horrible game
76561198165126436,Not Recommended,231430,25320243,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,bulletsponge12,"Completely flawed, massive issues with team balancing."
76561197999408332,Recommended,231430,15716320,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Octavian Augustus,Downside:Tons of performance / compatibility issues.From patch to patch tended to get missbalanced.Place for huge improvement.Lacks diversity.Pro:Very friendly support team.Interesting conceptConclusion : Played 540 hours already. Draw your own conclusion out of that statement.
76561198088233715,Not Recommended,231430,31180535,Posted: 16 April,all,Shimazu,good game but I think it just waste my money cuz this is all about mutiplayer..... There are a few single mission but I've finished it in 3 hours
76561198025480176,Recommended,231430,22760953,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,SGuy2020,"I want a Japanese Faction in the game, or maybe the next gamePLEASE I WANT THE IMPERIAL JAPANESE ARMY FACTION!!!"
76561198067455004,Recommended,231430,22780310,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,samz,very positive hardcore strategy game
76561198027060527,Not Recommended,231430,33384633,Posted: 8 July,all,indra,"this game is too unbalance and you pay this game and you must pay another for commnader or skin this is not coh1.... coh1 is best of coh2 because coh2 it is a fu.... sh......  and No new content is too bored and too unbalance on coh1 you can in all unit or nuclear arm (v1/v2) ok osther king tiger .... in coh2  is too much cost and u wanna play osther(normal germany) for  call in tiger... you can't because you pay with  real money the commnader of tiger......and u must payanother real monel for us force,okw and uk force.... if you wanna play this factionsso  i suggest buy coh1 not coh2in online match if you wanna fun you can't because  you fight versus pre-match player with teamspeak and microphone And you and your allies before you can do something the enemy destroys the base...so Relic Does not do anything about it"
76561198232060584,Not Recommended,231430,33821619,Posted: 26 July,all,Hold My Beer,"This game completely messes up my computer, like screen flashes/freezes/cant move mouse which i think is caused by having other windows open (skype) and minimizing the game screen. Problem happens to everyone I play with too."
76561197972658646,Not Recommended,231430,33195703,Posted: 3 July,all,CoLdFuRy,"A fan of CoH games but honestly can't recommend this game in any way, shape or form. It feels unfinished and not even worth the 5$ I payed for it. Affected by technical issues and bugs dated as far back as 2013. Yet another game with amazing Dev support, NOT.To top it off, after buying the game it turns out I have to purchase the campaign? Like, what the actual... serious?Glad I live in Australia, refund!"
76561198130344072,Not Recommended,231430,33604288,Posted: 17 July,all,lentracey,"After plenty of playthroughs of the various campaigns, my impression is that COH2 is no where near as good as COH1. I have found the friendly AI in COH2 to be frustrating, requiring you to micro manage your forces to avoid them doing very moronic actions. The US western front campaign has so many odd quirks it seems bugged. The random events it throws up are often pointless or effectively unattainable; some even hurt your forces with no chance of avoidiing them. Most don't require any real decision making but are just inflicted on you. The neccessity to drive through enemy territory to get to an objective usually cost 5-10 strength points from a start of 100. Add this to casualties from combat and your companies reduce quickly after just a few battles. The result is you often have to use the build points you get to reinforce rather than develop new abilities. Recovering 5 strength points requires 10 build points, and you only get a max of 30 from a battle. Oh, and reinforcing reduces your veterancy level, maiing it more difficult to get the combat bonuses that keep your troops alive. Some may see all this as challenging, but I found it frustrating.I still play COH1 regularly but have mostly lost interest in COH2."
,Not Recommended,231430,33944337,Posted: 1 August,all,Lazic,Different clients for Mac and Windows. Seriously guys? Seriously!?
76561198006634432,Recommended,231430,8493872,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,jbhucul,"Awesome, tastes like plumsauce."
76561198047699940,Recommended,231430,8728932,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Slie,A fun game overall. The AI can be rather brutal especially if you are new to the game. I came from CoH 1 and the fighting is much different. Do not expect the same game. The campaign was rather short and slightly uninteresting. The missions themselves are fun and the Theater of War section makes up for some of the lack of single player excitement. If you liked the first one you'll probably like this one too.
76561197985342312,Recommended,231430,8730558,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,[X] Rebel [X],"CoH2.. It´s ok, BUT it will be PERFEKT with a BLITZKRIEG MOD!"
,Not Recommended,231430,14042344,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Concade1,"Until they balance the German troops so that they don't just steamroll over every US and Soviet squad and fix the way every moves around the map, do not buy this game.  This game disgraces CoH1, which was a fantasticly balanced and optimized game."
,Not Recommended,231430,21114818,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Constantine,"I bought this game in hopes of fighting on the eastern front after playing coh1 (as I find it much more interesting than the western front).  Instead, I'm once again fighting annoying british emplacements and 352626 shermans.  It's stupid when the British and Soviets can fight together in France.   Or when I play as the Wehrmacht and I'm fighting Americans, and my soldiers say something like ""now the reds can die even faster!"" after you upgrade them.  It's not only immersion breaking but it's also not what I bought the game for.  The factions of the western front should not be able to fight those of the eastern front in automatch, or there should be an option for you to pick which front you want to take part in.They also completely butchered the doctrine system in this game, replacing three upgrade trees with many ""commanders"", some blatantly more powerful than others, that you can buy for real money.  There are tons of microtransactions in this already expensive game.The true line of sight system is the only real innovation from the first game."
,Recommended,231430,8795711,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,♦ Clown ♣,Best 3rd person war strategy game ive played.
76561198063888278,Recommended,231430,7658451,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,[STW Italia]☤♦AMAXI♦☤,"The game is Amazing , but the multiplayer need a ban system for the rage quitter and a better mix of the factions for the German side,  since I frequently have only companions of the same type of army, like all OKW or all Wehrmacht.I hope that in the future more types of doctrines are added and other nations such as Italy, Japan, France etc .."
76561198035361027,Not Recommended,231430,14443212,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Cancer Strike: GO,same thing as the first with slighty better grafics and they dont support and kill mods which would make the game better
76561197977113777,Recommended,231430,11098851,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,<TM> T800,"Awsome game, if you were a fan of the old Sudden Strike games, you will enjoy these even more."
76561197984538335,Recommended,231430,8851209,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Starskream,"Everything that made Company of heroes 1 great are back and improved. The mechanics are there the gameplay is there and the graphics and physics are better than ever. There are so many different options to try and stratedgies to perfect I have 300 hours into this game and am still learing better ways to manage my war effort.Many people try this game and get stomped by great players and get frustrated and give up and give the game a bad review when they haven't even given it a fair chance. My advice is to play against the easy computer and give yourself computer allies  and get a feel for the game mechanics then study up on the stratedgy guides that you can find on youtube on imperial danes propagandacast. Realize your going to loose... A lot in the beginning but its worth it to stick with it and master the game. Once you do you'll be winning games you thought you lost, games where your loosing but then come back to win are the best. Get the game, learn the game and master the game!"
76561197965105461,Recommended,231430,32879467,Posted: 27 June,all,[]v[]r.D12uG,♥♥♥♥ING Hate paying for DLC. ♥♥♥♥ing XBOX has ruined gaming. wasn't till they started this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that everyone else did too. i paid for a game give me everything in the ♥♥♥♥ing game. if i want a crazy hat os some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t make THAT the ♥♥♥♥ing DLC you tools... not part of the damn story
76561198055007058,Not Recommended,231430,14244813,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,lars18,dam like steal me cash
76561198153438306,Not Recommended,231430,12292123,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Leonidus45,"I bought this game, played some training missions and then watched the tutorial videos. but as soon as I booted up campaign it says I need to purchase the game. I shelled out $40 for this game, theres no way I need to buy it again but even when I go on steam to buy it it say ""already in your steam library"". wtf."
,Not Recommended,231430,13575991,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,vargavision,"Playable, but don't fix what isn't broke."
,Not Recommended,231430,12285051,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,YetiMadness,"when i downloaded the dlc westren pack, it doesent allow me to play russian or german any more, and now crashes at start, fixes????"
76561197982516954,Not Recommended,231430,10277523,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Burnout,Major gaps in the base game that can only be filled with purchased DLC. Almost mandatory in-game rewards based on grinding rather than play style or in-campaign goals.Seems this game is the poor brother of it's predecessor. At least that explains the constant money grabs.
76561198008255000,Not Recommended,231430,14453854,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Wardilocks,"Wow, holy *#$%, this game is garbage.  I'm returning my copy after one day of pulling my hair out.  No thank you Relic.  I'd explain, but I've already wasted enough time losing the campaign over and over on the third mission no matter what.  Stick with COH1: Men of Valor.  Infinitely better game."
,Recommended,231430,12027533,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Brendan Fraser,This game's a♥♥♥♥♥
76561198123955696,Recommended,231430,10541655,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Fisherman,Some guy said he had snow in his boots. 10/10
76561198085306718,Recommended,231430,14595024,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,BritishDeLaBaron,Sniper Kill King Tiger11/10 would snipe again
76561198058609071,Recommended,231430,9160437,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Altaree,Great game highly recommend it to WW2 buffs.
,Recommended,231430,9040478,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,EscBoss,"I've just seen all the negative attention this game has now... I Think it's really sad that everyone is not recommending this game.... I mean, for what I see in the reviews, the problem is that alot of things that were in the old Coh is not here anymore... But let me put it to you this way... y'all really, i REALLY hate Call of Duty Ghosts, why? because EVERYTHING is the same from the older games, so many people hate that game... But then we have Coh2 where we do have a lot of new stuff. And i will agree with some of the negative response, there's things in Coh 1 that worked better... But really, i think this game was worth every penny! I enjoyed coh 1 so much! And have 600 hrs+ on my account, and i think the key features of that game is in Coh2, sure it's not the same game, but the key features of the game is there! And a lot from coh 1 is still there... So i really don't see why people is getting so mad about it... I do see the problem about the DLC though, there is some commanders that are good to buy. But if you get good at the game, you are able to put up a fight against russian indutraial tactics....And btw the DLC is really cheap, c'mon 2-3$ for a commander can't hurt anyone, nobody told you, you need to buy all DLC there exist!I will recommend this game! This a very, well made and fun game! Even if people think that the game is unbalanced, let me tell you that SEGA has a forum for discussions about the game and the patches! And the reason why the game is unbalanced now, is because the mijority of the players on that forum aksed for it! And it will be balanced back at some point! With this much negative response, it will change! Trust me, after all, it's all about making money, and they don't make money if people dislike their gameHope y'all can use this review, i highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,231430,9051557,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Pro 8 Bobey,"Poorly optimized but if you have the computer to run it you will love this game. With that being said I had pretty high expectations for this game because of the previous one. Unfortunatly this game does not live up to the first one but still is fun. I have barely anytime played on it on this steam account because I also own it on another steam account which i have about 15 hours of gameplay on Company of Heros 2. I would suggest not picking this game up for full price and grabbing it on sale. If you pay $20 or under for this game you will really get you're moneys worth! Overall great game, reccomended if your computer can handle it (if not you will most likely have a pretty bad time fps wise) anyways I would give it a solid 8/10 . But be warned! This game is DLC heavy so if you plan on playing online you will be at an extreme disatvantage without the DLC's! So don't play multiplayer unless you are planning on forking out some extra cash (probabally more than you paid for the base game)."
76561197972141590,Recommended,231430,9072500,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Lean Stay Strong,I enjoyed the First one. I am definitely loving the sequel.
76561198095846863,Recommended,231430,11075744,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Cratarc,Adamı delirtir ama community guzeldir oyun da düzlüğe çıkmıştır sonunda güzel oyun da DLClerini indirimde alın almazsanız da commanderları zaten random oyun içinde düşürebiliyorsunuz artık tek tiksindiğim yanı bok gibi DLC politikası var EA olmuş sega neye elini atsa bok ediyo zaten
76561198117392721,Recommended,231430,9014487,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,hajvany,Not sure what digital collectors edition includes???
,Recommended,231430,8851061,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,GrimGold,"I've put alot of hours into this game and I really enjoy it. It's especially hard, even for me and I can only pass the missions on normal difficulty. I regard this as a good thing, as RTS (Real Time Strategy) games are supposed to be hard and you are supposed to strategise around the problems you face! All in all if you enjoy RTS games or war games or even enjoyed the original company of heroes then you will enjoy this game, as i did!"
76561198099335968,Recommended,231430,13805819,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,mikedgb,"The development team shaved a bit of the control from the game, and a bit of versitility for the sake of selling DLC. That being said there is nothing new from COH except skins, textures, and general control. New units behave like old units. The servers are decent for quick multiplayer matches.."
,Recommended,231430,9083081,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Huh Whuh?,Beast game Yall can kill Nazis
76561198013612089,Not Recommended,231430,21256496,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,r.traynor2,Unfortunatly this game just keeps crashing so i am unable to play it....so cannot comment on the game....
,Recommended,231430,9172533,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,*Rabbit*,CoH was the♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is CoH's brother.
,Recommended,231430,22567632,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,RukaFurie[ID],Relic Nazi absolutely stole my money.Buy commander from steam store and after match receive war spoil commander that i just bought recently.
76561198062181151,Recommended,231430,11367443,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,muchispac,This game is amazing! It is an accurate WW2 RTS game but the best part is EXPLOSIONS! ITS LIKE MICHAEL BAY MADE THIS GAME! EXPLOSION HERE! EXPLOSION THERE! EXPLOSION EVERY DAMN WHERE!!!
,Not Recommended,231430,23061121,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Owningeight,it keeps crashing my pc
76561198036044071,Recommended,231430,8598215,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,isador092,"i being a reenactor of german soldiers of the eastern front, my insite into the way they lived, looked and fought is of very high grade and after playing the game it does the best impression of the eastern front ive ever seen.the way everything feels in the game give a pure essense of the Great patriotic war.the story mode really gives a true flavour of the russian army throughout the war and how it adapted in the face of a superior enemy. as well the story itself is one that is believeable and they have really grasped the reality behind the order 227 and the commissars.the two armies are also well organised, one being elite heavy with little numbers and a very vesitile troop base, the other using numbers and mass weaponary to drive the invaders back. as well the myth of vehicles such as tigers, panthers, IS-2 and the KV-1 being invunarable is non-existant, as well the vehicle featured in the game is broad and very realistic.Finally the online gameplay is one of the best ive seen with strategy games, with a wide range of gameplay to choose from and very realistic maps that really feel like the eastern front"
,Recommended,231430,8684553,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,lilwack,Best game EVER
76561197996607129,Recommended,231430,8593952,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Dik xTurkiet,hah... Company of play deutchland and win 2
,Recommended,231430,8110379,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Sweg Bucket,This game boosted my swag abilities. 10/10.(I played the Beta)
,Recommended,231430,8008168,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Primordial Sauce,Great game.
76561198067437434,Recommended,231430,8525082,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Brody,"This is honestly a really great game, even better game to play with friends."
,Recommended,231430,986109,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,¤ 💕 ♥  Miss_Bexy💕 ♥ ¤,"Okay, it's been 7 years? Since the original CoH release. So I thought that CoH 2 being a new game would be a lot different and better! Pretty much nothing has changed, there's no major noticble difference and for 7 years that's pretty disappointing. The campaign is 14 missions long and you can play only as the Red Army. it's a really accurate description of the Red army and the missions are good and the multiplayer is good, I just expected more. Still easily worth buying but should have been so much better."
,Not Recommended,231430,12521853,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Kenji,this game is suckCOH1 is better than this
76561198081636912,Not Recommended,231430,12621101,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,fish1217,What a dissapointment. I bought it for somewhere between 50-60$ and immediately regretted the decision. Don't make the same mistake.-Fish
76561198046797213,Recommended,231430,10586558,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,DTD_EVO_12,This game is great. Perfect amount of realism..
76561198049230825,Recommended,231430,16491465,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,[LNG] King Leonidas,Bought the Collectors edition. gets alot of badges. dosen't get all DLC ........
,Recommended,231430,13113312,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Creatures Lie Here,"Didn't like the first game too much, gave it about a 3/5. Played the beta for CoH 2, wasn't too impressed. Game felt as lame and unbalanced as ever.  Played the game over a free weekend a few months ago, and I WAS HOOKED!As of 11/27/14, this game is pretty well-balanced.  If you do not start the match by buying a certain number of units and upgrades in a particular order, you are ♥♥♥♥ed. This makes the for 5 minutes of every match turn out about the same way every time. I do not like this.  I also do not like the historical innacuracies, but whatever.Pros:-Fairly balanced amongst all 4 factions, game consistently walks a tightrope-The game is a BLAST during large engagements, it's fun seeing everything blow up-The time-to-death for all units is at least 2x as fast a CoH 1's, which makes battles less confusing/more fun to watch and play/the game much faster-paced-The Macro and Micro are both smooth and minimalCons:-I consistently have my game freeze for 10 seconds every so often, which can wreck engagements and my overall strategy.  Other than this problem, the game and its' graphics run well and feel well-optimized-The historical inacurracies are appaling.  In CoH2, T/34/76s can beat Panthers regularly.  Scout Cars take a lot of damage from .30 caliber machine guns. Mortars are probably too accurate.-I do not agree with the way that the devs decided to balance the factions out.  Germans are less about tanks/powerful single units and more about mapwide defensive coverage/zerg.  Russians play out in the way that you would expect them to play, but certain units like the KV-8(KV-1 with flamethrower) are practically useless while being extremely expensive.Basically, you can only play each faction a handful of different ways.  It's kind of like checkers, less like chess.  Still fun, however!I would give this game a 4/5.  The AAA graphics and units are great, but the game lacks depth and historical accuracy. If you are looking for these things, I would suggest Men of War: Assault Squad (the first one, 2nd one is terrible).  If you are fine with a less-hardcore RTS's, this game will a blast!"
76561197963565444,Not Recommended,231430,16405182,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Dead-Wolf,"DO NOT GET THIS GAME UNLESS YOU CAN GET IT FOR DIRT CHEAP!!!I got CoH2 along with 2 of its addons including warhammer 2, warhammer 2 retribution, and more for $6.00... but this game makes me feel like I still got ripped off...Computer cheats by doing 3 times more damage to you then you can to it... even if you are behind hard cover and they are standing in the open... the EXACT SAME UNIT that you are using will always always always kill you first (including same level... one game same unit runs past eachother... my unit is 2 vet... computer is 0 vet... yet THEY KILLED 2 OF THE MEN IN THE UNIT WHILE MY VET 2 UNIT ONLY DOES ABOUT 1/15TH TO THEM.Basically my unit hit once... while the computer took out 2/5 of my unit)Pathfinding and ai for your units are so stupid that if  you tell your unit to attack the computer... your unit will run in front of the firing arc of the computers unit so that it exposes the vuln rear armor... before spinning in place so that it can get its main gun on target with the computers unit.I'm so hating all RTS games because it looks as if all companies are doing the same crap and making the units do stupid things. Giving the computer extra damage and or armor just because it is the computer is a cheap copout to replace crappy ai or pathfinding. They dont want to put any work into it so they just copy paste the same old crap so they can pump out another crappy game to make more money."
76561198097782798,Not Recommended,231430,32143254,Posted: 2 June,all,LGD又夺冠了,Everytime I press any hotkey like 'A' for attack or 'S' for stop the screan just went dark and I could only  restore it with 'ESC'. What a game.
,Recommended,231430,261266,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Rusty Shackleford,"This is good, buy it."
76561198013813453,Recommended,231430,12627523,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,psisoulja,I've sent many Russians to die.  10/10
,Recommended,231430,11518970,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Banana Poop,"Very good. No two battles are the same, and really feels brutal and real, rather than toony and fake."
76561198048250479,Not Recommended,231430,23699486,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,harrisonking,Wont let me play the campaign mode?
76561198096942324,Recommended,231430,9837961,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,LegendaryDan,Best game ever!
76561198026354659,Recommended,231430,8123397,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,General Cookie,"Company of Heroes is one of my favorit world war II strategy based games, I think it's the best."
76561198029035848,Recommended,231430,12075378,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Cardinal,Sets machinegun infront of infantryMachinegun misses every shot and infantry takes 1 entire minute to crawl awayNot one killResignes from duty
,Recommended,231430,14476146,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,GhostGunnerT,I ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ love this game!
76561197971001967,Not Recommended,231430,25547262,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,nizzemancer,"I loved Company of Heroes and opposing Fronts, this game however is absolutely nothing new. It is basicly a remaster of the old game where everything is jumbled around a bit, the devs will nickel and dime you DLC that is just more of the same stuff from CoH1 spread over more commanders.Remember how you had 3 commanders per faction, and those had 2 choices per tier in their special abilities? Now you have 3 commanders with some of the same abilities and no choices, the units themselves don't have any upgrades, the game is void of any choices.I wanted to try the British commanders so I bought them too for 3.99€ a piece , only problem is I needed another dlc to actually use them and that would have cost me another 12€, as I said the game is nickel and diming you to get what you already had in the first game and expansion.I bought the game in a bundle so I can't refund that without having to refund the other games I wanted but I will definitely want a refund on those commanders, this is just an awful business practice, shame on you Relic and shame on SEGA (granted, SEGA haven't been a decent company since the mid 90's).Don't buy this, get the original, get the expansion, it's a whole lot better."
,Not Recommended,231430,30309739,Posted: 3 March,all,Sheogorath,"First off my hours in game is a lie, ive been playing for more since i play this offline when i could to try to gain enough time to make an honest review.Secondly for those who havent already played the dawn of war games or are new to the RTS demographic this is an OK start.morover on sale (ALWAYS BUY ON SALE) almost swings this into the recommendedbut onto the reviewif you were an old dawn of war player but felt the game needed a WW2 reskin then this is your game, not bad but nor really good either, like many games the campaign is really meh and will tire you quickly if you dont buy into its storyline (or have any basic knowledge of history/google) feels like the game of Enemy at the gates.For multiplayer your looking at teh gameplay of the orks and the space marines, you could say they were close to ported but they wernt, they have tried to make each nation unique but it still leaves the basic issues of a relic game, nothign to stop your conscript spam and bum rushing their defences to overwhelm them, oh theyve been killed??, send in the second battalion!, this tactic can be repeated as needed to wipe any anyone off the map and really shows not much has changed.on another note returning form the DOW series is how your massive machine of death and destruction is supposedly over friggen P and yet will fail to instakill most basic units meaning its possible to bum rush these powerful units as they cannot instantly wipe that crappy scout car out in a single shell leaving a skilled player to rush 2 expendable units infront of their strong units and attempt to block that powerful unit (or nail its support units) or give the better units behind the spam time to kill the support units OR (more importanty) to break through the lines and begin targeting your opponents infastructure giving that poor player the choice to eithe rbreak his line of def to guearentee them units are dead or send 1-2 and hope they cant stop itDefinate cons: meh feeling on weapons (your MG-42 shreds much, MUCH less than in other games and cannot be relied upon at times to take out a 3 engineer bum rush), poorish MM and general balance, maps havent improved since DOW, loot drops and RNG, DLC spam (almost mistook it for overkill), naming of some support abilities (IM LOOKING AT U 50KG BOMB (and anyone wishing to look that up will understand as a stuka can carry many, many 50KG bombs, and loading 1 would is a waste of time and fuel )overall if you want soemthing to lose a few braincells go ahead, notably on sale, CNC generals/3 was better tbh units felt powerful even if they were used as meat shields"
,Recommended,231430,8631379,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Johnny002,well.... its not the first. but its good in its own way
76561198075333868,Recommended,231430,12502447,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Feldwebel Blitzer,"Amazing game, glad the new Oberkommando West DLC has arrived because I'm personally tired of playing only allied aspect campaigns. Time to see the Germans kick some butt!"
,Recommended,231430,15840396,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Constantin Valdor,Good Game.
76561198020320559,Not Recommended,231430,31170461,Posted: 15 April,all,Immortan Joejoe,"Only play this game for the singleplayer. Multiplayer is the worst concieved RTS I've ever played, punishes you for bad luck, and unpreventable or unseeable events that you can do literally nothing about. Or if thats not to your taste pay to win as the british eat paint chips and spam MGs and 3-inch mortars that are near indestructable.It's got good tank physics even including shell deflecting when you angle tanks which is amazing but you get a ♥♥♥♥♥ily balanced RTS, but its got a good singleplayer at least. Have fun trying to play the game sega tried to salvage then probably ♥♥♥♥ing just abandoned because of its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ settup for multiplayer and the nightmare that must be trying to balance this ♥♥♥♥ing game."
,Not Recommended,231430,30279695,Posted: 2 March,all,poonareff,this game has dogshit matchmaking and is extremely pay to win
,Recommended,231430,30168997,Posted: 25 February,all,Ganbaranai,STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER STURMTIGER
,Not Recommended,231430,25878355,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Xandr27,"Fun game, terrible game upkeep. Also terrible server maintance, super buggy."
,Not Recommended,231430,24788042,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,King Arthur,"As a game this is a great strategic game. I have been playing this for years, as CoH took over where Blitzkrieg left off.Three big minusses, as writing this review is the only way to get through to Sega, its present publisher.1) The graphic engine of the game is extremely processor consuming and generates a lot of heat that has the potential to damage laptops and also desktops that do not have strong cooling.2) Language is a load of garbage in this game. Couldn't Sega learn from epic Red Alert 2 and have humorous interactions between soldiers that are game focussed? Or at the very least provide a patch with a a turn off offensive language switch, that allows you to play the game without inviting endless blaspheming and swearing into your home.3) Support is worse than lousy. If you write them you get a reply from someone who gives the impression of living on the Asian subcontinent and does not understand English. These Sega slaves respond to queries by randomly sending out a link to articles that you already checked before you took the trouble to contact a support person. These articles do not apply and are selected on the basis of word similarity with an English word in your query, And then of course consider your enquiry closed and efficiently dealt with. They have ticked another box and succesfully stalled for Sega, doing nothing for the customer. Sega's so called support is just a diversion."
76561198002497809,Not Recommended,231430,32421200,Posted: 14 June,all,_Fr3quency,"don't bother with this game, if you like playing team games. Totally imbalanced core game design favors axis faction. Since there is no ability to mirror match it is either playing axis (more powerful late game, easier to play, more forgiving game mechanics like tank smoke, less micro management, cooler units and abilities) or micro yourself to death with paper units to have a chance vs inferior opponents.I have quit this game because it is an annoying uphill battle as allies in team games with nearly zero chance when it comes to late game (pretty much always in team games) and I dont feel like joining the 68% of the playerbase that is currently in queue as axis (I wonder why...).Even in those little things like abilities the axis have it easier and have more powerful toys to play with. For instance you need line of sight for many allied abilities to work to full effect. Axis just need to click anywhere on the map and a single region is being saturated with artillery. I dont know what the dev team has smoked when they designed this game."
,Not Recommended,231430,25867927,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,caLypso,"True example of ""Pay to win"""
76561198118443655,Not Recommended,231430,17976219,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Leon Volcove,NO until i can fix this Bugsplat issue every time i launch the game. Thanks
76561198014141790,Not Recommended,231430,17805710,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Squishiba,"Kind of disappointing, to be quite honest. I had a lot of hope for this game but it seems they dropped the ball on it a little bit. The GUI for the game seems more childish, and the way they portray units and everyone just seems to be too cartoony for my tastes."
76561197987540302,Not Recommended,231430,18063082,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,master.mo,Thanks to the new Brits game got unplayable as Germans. Panters and Tigers are only a joke against their tanks. To weak and to expensive.
,Not Recommended,231430,17756853,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,1996ilan,"Sega make a lot of mistakes in total war series,but this game have so many bugs and dlc to buy!For 10 dollars or less , i recommend  to buy this game"
,Not Recommended,231430,17773498,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Frosha,"Game is buggy, and crashes often. SEGA; get your♥♥♥♥♥♥straight"
,Not Recommended,231430,17804464,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Norserune,"The game looked fun and I've always been a fan of Relic, but as a colorblind gamer I CANNOT play this game without some kind of colorblind support. If you are red-green colorblind, just save yourself the disappointment and buy something else."
76561198077866844,Not Recommended,231430,18007157,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Beagle bits,"Worst game I have ever played, Whomever has the most amount of men and armour in the best placed positions wins. Absolutly no stratagy to the game what so ever. Avoid this game, Get men of war Assualt Squad 2. Much better gameplay, and you dont have to pay from crappy DLCS."
76561198035323493,Recommended,231430,11397490,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,: - ) ALL,"It's sad for me to look at this game. I tried and tried, playet it a bit but what has Relic and Sega done is beyond bearable... This game is basicaly DLC Manager with more DLC's than original content. Multiplayer is done terribly wrong all the way through - it focuses on Premium Commander of which every single one has different new mechanics that you have to pay for or grind like a crazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to enjoy the full content multiplayer game. It's actually really innovative in this regard - it's the first 60$ F2P game. That's probably why they canceled Company of Heroes Online - they wanted to sell it full price."
,Recommended,231430,16519117,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Agustus2018~~~,"best WW2 RTS ever xD xD xD xDcuz in the 5 faction of CoH2 is pretty similar, like every faction have mobile AT-gun, while in CoH1 only 2 faction from 4 faction that have mobile AT-gun, just not that’s, veterancy of units also come from XP each of unit, unlike in CoH1,Pros+static pop cap, unlike CoH1 that their pop cap dependent on the territory u have+true sight,+improved capping (just put infantry unit on that’s territory,)+every unit role like sniper or scout infantry, HMG, mortar or light artillery, mobile rocket or artillery vehicle, mobile AT-gun, AA vehicle, etc. the 5 faction have all of them, unlike CoH1, that’s PE don’t have HMG, British that’s don’t have mobile AT-gun+infantry type now can jump through  fence,+support steam workshop,+soviet oraaahCons-too much DLC, commander, skin, etc.-Heavy Balance Issues-sometimes crash-generalist sound effect or voice on each unit and commandersbut it still better than CoH1 IMHO"
,Recommended,231430,34584785,Posted: 29 August,all,Chocomilk,Being a nazi has never been so much fun except for when the whole of germany was filled with nazis that would be pretty sick i'd love to live in nazi germany it would be lit and like this review or your mum will be gassed
,Not Recommended,231430,14173081,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Zharlie Sine Fine,"Not so bad.............. But I didnt expect a ""not so bad"" from it."
,Not Recommended,231430,25538658,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Chiasmus2333,Invent History.
76561198115593092,Not Recommended,231430,25241410,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,达子,一定要出 简中 strongly required Chinese language
76561198118895926,Not Recommended,231430,15830275,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,iamnotyourfoe,the uninstall button works great
,Recommended,231430,11861297,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,HazMatSoup,"Company of Heroes 2 had a lot to live up to compared to its predecessor, Company of Heroes. With its deep tactical play and asymmetrical factions, Company of Heroes managed to create a balanced, varied battlefield that evolved as the match wore on. Cover was blown to bits, bodies littered key points and increased amounts of ordnance (and resulting explosions!) would be pumped onto soil and human body alike. It was a game that felt... alive with action.CoH 2, with its emphasis on the Eastern Front, sought to replicate that balance on two unique factions. The result was a much grittier game, with more brutality than ever before. Additional mechanisms (like Truesight) help add to the tactical complexity, whereas the use of commanders (rather than skill trees) vastly changed the way players fought (and opened up massive microtransaction opportunities for Relic Entertainment). The stalwart CoH community has been slow in transitioning to this new iteration of the game, but with the Western Front Armies add-on there is little reason not to. Combat is now lively and varied as in the original CoH, but more polished and advanced than before. The Oberkommando West (OKW) forces are a great fit to my style of RTS play, with several high-value squads placing pressure on key strategic points rather than a broader, wide-front style of the numerically superior Soviet units, for example.This is NOT to say that the game is perfect. The single-player story is confronting, but also improbable. Penal squads were not permanent fixtures (and often had frequent troop movements as individuals were sent back after serving their time), Polish allies of the Soviet cause were not executed for no good reason and there was a high emphasis on the determination of a Soviet army that often (as history told) displayed a propensity for cowardice under pressure and a lack of combat discipline, even in the higher ranks. However, no storytelling effort is perfect, and I grudgingly accept that reality. Matchmaking has been a tedious process, with matches taking a long time to start. Even when they take place, matchups are often skewed with a highly experienced player facing an absolute newbie. Match commentators/casters often lack key statistics such as units/value lost and army values on-screen, numbers which would vastly help paint a picture of the battlefield. Lastly, I would like to see replays downloadable from the actual game (linking toCOHreplays.org)as opposed to the ghetto-feeling method of popping it into our replays folder.Despite these shortcomings, the game feels polished and fun. I've had many terrifying experiences: watching a 105mm artillery shell fly across my squad of Sturmpioneers and hit a clump of Volksgrenadiers, smashing them to a giant pink mist. I remember the King Tiger that rolled across the bridge to destroy a pair of T34-85s that were marauding my static defences and hapless infantry. I remember the clutch artillery strike that saved a key victory point, securing us victory against our opponents, who happen to be the AI (they aren't pushovers!). Prepare yourself for hours of tactical goodness and intellectual gaming, combining macro- with micro-focused gaming in a seamless experience. You'll get bombed, shot at, destroyed, and pick yourself up to get right back into the fight.You'll love it."
,Recommended,231430,8745924,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Ryzues,"Great graphics, fun gameplay, and destruction everywhere."
,Recommended,231430,32112737,Posted: 1 June,all,[IDGC] Kalugaaa,"This World War RTS never gonna make you bored but, it seems the last one is the good one"
76561198094539816,Not Recommended,231430,22566469,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,イザナミ,"Go for the singleplayer campaign instead of the multiplayer, multiplayer sucks so as the dlc's."
76561198077079930,Recommended,231430,8454655,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Heyrock,"Not a bad strategy. Especially now, when good strategiesare scarse"
76561198326224345,Not Recommended,231430,32244938,Posted: 7 June,all,Inter Arma Enim Silent Leges,"Seriously disappointed with this crap, it should warn you that the fmv is NOT in game fmv. I wasted £12.99 on this rubbish. It's more like Commandos 2, who the hell classed this as an RTS is completely mad and as for strategy WHAT STRATEGY???? the game is so linear that it's laughable.  I'm too embarrassed to ask for my money back as I don't want to admit to steam that I bought this rubbish."
,Not Recommended,231430,32462076,Posted: 15 June,all,WhiteLess27 hellcase.com,too much DLCs to experience the whole game
,Not Recommended,231430,29791600,Posted: 8 February,all,feastguy101,"Not bad per se, but there are better (and cheaper) alternatives on the market."
76561197971971658,Not Recommended,231430,28244723,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Lnzu,Nazi's propaganda and microtransaction fest. Last Relic game I've bought.
76561198009859621,Recommended,231430,11086666,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,[MCRN] Ahlos,An awsome game that i can never stop playing. Still not done the campaign yet. I only play custom games with friends. The fun is there...8/10
,Recommended,231430,11127468,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,REVALAST,asum
76561197992234397,Not Recommended,231430,12579543,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Defiance,"The game is very focussed on micro-transactions which are anoying and nervewrecking. Everytime you want to do something your confronted with stuff you can't: manipulation. Its rediculas and makes me not want to play this game anymore.Also the storyline of the singleplayer is poor, cliché. It just doesn't have what CoH1 has in terms of smooth gameplay and the financial model just rips it apart for me."
76561198247411252,Not Recommended,231430,29124945,Posted: 8 January,all,dawidkondraciuk,I do not recommend this game for RTS fans.Red Alert is still the king.
76561198010762793,Not Recommended,231430,11205418,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,BizzyBeast,"First I want to say that I love this series and this is a good game. But there are some big issues for me. First, there was a FTP (free to play) version of COH a little back, it was a test run or something. It was very fun, lots of options and upgrades, and it wasnt 'pay to win' all that much. Well this game COH2, decided to cash in on the craze it created. The FTP game shut down very suddenly and COH2 was mentioned to keep an eye out. I did.COH2 rips the good parts from the other games and really doesnt add anything new. I bought a 13$ version, and can only play the Americans. But I dont fully play them, the 'cheap' version of the game gets a premade base and unlocks higher tiers through commanders you add to the battle. The balance is extremely off, if you dont win quickly with these 'cheap' version allied, then you will lose 95% of the time. The whole time playing you consider buying the full game just to be competitive. Its a really cheap gimmick that left a bad taste in my mouth. There isnt much new content, honestly it looks and feels like most units where the same or reskinnned. To be fair, im still playing it and having fun, luckily they match 'cheap' versions in online play. So if 2 cheap versions play with 2 full versions, they get the same in their opponents. Hopefully the game's balance is worked on."
,Not Recommended,231430,9560466,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Limey21,"Rubbish really, axis loving devs, they churn out allied dlc that helps allied players then it gets nerfed after everybody has bought it.One of the things i really liked were the blizzards, but a few people cryed and they removed them..  and the mud also , i liked it, and of course they removed that aswell...."
76561198119509829,Not Recommended,231430,22560964,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Rusty,you LITERALLY have to pay to play AFTER BUYING THE ACTUAL GAME
,Recommended,231430,1895911,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Lakahs,"The best fastpaced rts game I have played in a long time, with great variation of gameplay technics from infantry tactics to heavy armor tactics and finally to artillery tactics. With an intensive and a well told storyline, Company of Heroes 2 gives you one of the best rts games covering the 39-45 period of the second world war from the eastern front.You are the general, you decide which tactics you want to use in order to win."
76561198025394635,Not Recommended,231430,8784188,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"It's cool because now you can play with the soviets but...For some reason, i didn't like it, it's seems that its much more frenetic and i'm having probs finding games onlines.Other point is that they rmeoved that doctrine stuff, cover points are a little bit wierd and most of my folks still prefer CoH 1."
,Recommended,231430,22572477,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Sixtyfps_Gaming,Great game  looks good and plays good
76561198010868943,Recommended,231430,22785370,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Reichen,"I had the first one and the sequel has continued the quality gameplay as expected, very good ww2 game and well done matching up the proper time frames with the right equipment and vehicles. Thats one common problem with ww2 games is that the tanks and planes will be mismatched sometimes because bias towards germany, but that is not done here so well done with the game."
,Recommended,231430,22786548,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Dromok,yeah it's ok
76561198089479511,Recommended,231430,22770746,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Nhein2101,"I may have played the game a few hours here and there..As someone who grew up playing command and conquer, starcraft, and numerous other RTS's. It was rought for awhile, when the RTS genre was dead for a solid 6+ years. COH2 has brougt back the much beloved genre with alot of great features!PROS:Great mechanics, competitive gameplay, and beautiful grapics. Is a shining example of what a RTS should be in the modern days of gaming, and campaign was fun and challenging across the board. While the multiplayer is what really makes the game a standout amongst its competitors. Very active community, and diverse with many commanders to play.CONS:Its pricey, as much as i love this game, its buisness model is contributing to the downfall of video games.. Pretty harsh right? Allow me to explain. Everything can be bought (with the exception of the intel which is unlocked via multiplayer), and its unlock process is extremely slow and rare. I have 840+ hours into this game and maybe unlocked 10-12 commanders freely. The rest i purchased. And the DLC is good, but also steeply priced.Overall, i loved this game, and i can support the developers to continue on this series. I hate the buisness practice of selling just the bun, and maing me buy the meat, cheese, and lettue seperate.. But damn you for greating such an astoundingly beautiful game that isnt half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Love to hate you babe. Nhein2101, thumbs up to buy this bad boy if you can front the cash for the game and DLC."
,Recommended,231430,24485080,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,{BroYo}DarkStone290,hjbhjice
76561198192853353,Recommended,231430,28366856,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Matthew,BY far the best rts ive ever played but on that this game has seriouse pay to win and blance issues and my god all that freaking dlc the prices are crazy . i like this better than men of war for the aspect of how good it looks like example us looks awsome but thay suck . i still recommend this game though its fun but it performs like im playing on a potaomasher
76561198045585353,Recommended,231430,5144609,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Mr. Bapic,"Company of heroes was and is still one of the best games ever made, how could CoH2 live up to so hight expectations? I am pleased to say it did, everything from the amazing graphics to the great gameplay it suceeds our expectations on. If you haven't bought it already, then what are you waiting for? The motherland is calling! :)"
76561197961950620,Not Recommended,231430,22970385,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Teddy Bass,"Its ok but its not CoH 1. Small community, balance issues, borked commanders, borked. Its fun when you get going but mostly you will be frustrated how the game feels a lot slower than CoH1 but worse balance. CoH1 was great amazing til Relic implemented the Brits and Panzer Elite faction and sent the entire community on a exodus the likes when Jedi were implemented into Star Wars online. Most never came back to CoH 1 and the same stayed away from CoH 2...there wont be anyone for a 3 ."
,Not Recommended,231430,23718514,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,"This game blows.  I come back to this game every now and then, because it's Company of Heroes 2, and I want to think that maybe I was wrong, and there's actually a good game there, and that it's worthy of being the sequel to Company of Heroes, but nope.  This game ♥♥♥♥ing stinks.I don't know what happened at Relic, but outside of DoW2: Retribution, they haven't released one single good product since CoH.  I can't even include Opposing Fronts as a good title, since it was a buggy, imbalanced mess for a year after launch and the Brits are pure cancer.Anyway, this game just flat out sucks.  Play it for yourself next time it's on sale for 5 bucks and find out exactly why it sucks.  Then get a refund.  It shouldn't take you more than two hours to see how badly they messed up the infantry combat, how infuriatingly stupid artillery is, how dumb the blizzard mechanics are, how bad the maps are, etc. etc. etc.To update this review, it's quite funny to see Relic walk back numerous incredibly bad decisions that have been made through this game's life cycle, including the terrible Blizzard and freezing mechanics, among other things.  And yet here we are,. still stuck with nonsense like mud and deep snow terrain features that discourage offensive play so that the few remaining dimwits who play this lousy game can have their Scheldt mortar war reenactment.This game ♥♥♥♥ing stinks.  Play the first game and pretend it's still good."
76561197970343789,Recommended,231430,23999665,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,[SG]chumbot,"if you spam mortars ONE MORE TIME, I will find you and I will KILL YOU"
,Recommended,231430,12115330,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,ipwnppl,"Great game. Not as good as the first one, but nonetheless it's pretty fun."
76561198014696375,Recommended,231430,12866858,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,lurk1ng,"Great game, some issues with pathing, but overall best RTS on the market hands down"
,Recommended,231430,16277869,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,~POKe~ Bisasam,WW2 strategy game/ its just awesome!!!
76561197972083544,Recommended,231430,9048821,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,G.dot,Has been getting better lately.
,Recommended,231430,13240304,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,ALI,Vodka = Company of Heroes 210/10
76561198029359234,Recommended,231430,9096883,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Jon Snow,♥♥♥♥ing brilliant 8.5/10- alright graphics- brilliant gameplay-♥♥♥♥♥♥storyline- great pvpall roud good game
76561197997163684,Not Recommended,231430,33924530,Posted: 31 July,all,Nefarit,"The game is very good in terms of gameplay mechanics and the idea of managing vast amounts of different types of forces, and with each faction being extremely unique it only enhances the fun you'll have..versus AI or in Campaign mode.I have to make this a negative review because unless you're an extremely skilled strat player with basically no job and who spends 8 hours a day mastering the game, you'll never be welcomed in MP. This community is probably the most childish one I have ever come across. Due to the game's horrific matchmaking, you as a new player will be matched not by your skill or level, but simply thrown into games with people who have 1-2k hours in the game and those are the ones that will flame you the entire time for being new.If you're looking for a series with a more forgiving and encouraging community, I humbly suggest Total War. It may not be WW2, but you also won't have to deal with people spamming ""uninstall the game"" or ping-spamming you the entire match as soon as one of your units stop behind cover.Again, brilliant game in offline mode, love the cover system and the different armies, but never..ever..play it online."
76561198021549807,Recommended,231430,3368097,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Marios,The anticipation has finally come to an end! Company of Heroes 2 has arrived to continue the legacy of one of the most renowned RTS games as far as PC history is concerned. This game is characterized by a fierce sublime which spans across vast gloomy battlefields where death lurks in every corner. When all is said and done you have to ask yourself ..do you have the mettle to go to war?
76561198014647522,Recommended,231430,29614568,Posted: 31 January,all,Chazman401,Good but unrealistic7.5/10
76561198125227277,Recommended,231430,10212638,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,stug tank,some one plz bye this for me:(
,Recommended,231430,7468490,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Big Boss,nejlepší strategie co jsem hrál
,Not Recommended,231430,20597192,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Splenly,I payed money for a game that I can't play? This game is a total scam and you need to purchase extra things to play it. Refunded it immediately
,Not Recommended,231430,20601397,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Rockett,"I bought this game around 19.38 $ And what this game wants me to do in this game is buy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Skins are sold! Even if you want to play a mission you need to pay another 10 $ and if you want to play as another team you need 5 $, this is bull♥♥♥♥. DONT BUY THIS GAME!!! i cant refund it cuz i knew this game was ♥♥♥♥♥♥ far after i buy this pile of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ filthy game made by GOLDDIGGERSPros :-Not ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sometimes.but still ♥♥♥♥♥♥.-Tactics as i expected.-Fun a bit.Cons :-Made by golddiggers-Devs dont give me♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game-Too much paying-Another payable item-Another payable item-Another payable item-Another payable item-Another payable item-Another payable item-Another payable item-Another payable item-Another payable item-A Need-to-buy mission.-Updates is just fixing a barrel and done.P.S : Would recommend to change the name to Company of ♥♥♥♥♥s 2 ;D"
76561198008622790,Not Recommended,231430,21264991,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Yoga Goat,"I specifically bought this game to play with my friend (who has a mac) and apparently mac and windows users cant play together...at all :(Bottomline, wouldnt reccommend it if you want to play with friends and have to mix windows with mac or linux.Otherwise a fun a game. The pay to win content aspect sucks but I guess if you are really desperate to improve profit margins its a good ploy. Im still marking this as not recommend. If the cross OS issue gets change then my rating will change."
,Recommended,231430,19433863,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Revan,Great game
,Recommended,231430,22580295,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,King_Shazam,This is a really amazing game.  It's better in most every way to COH1.  I rarely recommend buying game at full price so get the faction DLC on sale.  I wouldn't bother with all of the microtransactions they don't seem to add too much to the game but I haven't bought them so I don't really know.  All in all this is the one of the best games I've played in a good long while.
76561198031254429,Recommended,231430,20936228,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Olafr_the_Viking,"If you get it on a discount and like WW2 and RTS, I recommend it. Otherwise I am not so sure. The ingame store moneygrabber stuff is killing half the fun of this game."
76561198061790927,Recommended,231430,14841192,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Smurf Terf,TOM GILL!
76561198065696299,Recommended,231430,17913122,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Allison Lee,A good strategic game to train your minds as a good commander figuring out your flaws(mistakes) and how to win the game. I really love the british forces in this new recent patch. Setting in the era of World War II
76561198103615086,Recommended,231430,13597906,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Naif,its the RTS King
76561198018603578,Recommended,231430,11426453,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,idin,I cannot begin a campaign. It just asks me to purchase when I've already purchased all the items.The user interface sucks.
,Recommended,231430,9095011,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,[MANX] Deadloss,"Recommended (BUT ONLY JUST) #ShameHaving been possibly the biggest fan of COH1 I was on the edge of my seat for the entire time of video releases and updates regarding CHO2. To keep this short, COH1 just had the right control and features, with graphics and effects to go with, whereas COH2 just feels like a remake with some very buggy placements.The online Lag can be a killer with people getting more lag than COH1, my and my friends have 50MB/s Fibre lines, downloading at around 5MBs and still get extreme lag throughout.I'm still a huge fan of COH1 and a little dissapointed with this new release. The added feature of creating maps and sharing them without the need t odownload any or upload them is fantastic.I would still recommend this game as with the added maps from the COH2 Community this game makes it a worth while playable online game. If you're looking to play the bog standard online and not be involved in the community you may be very dissapointed.More online features are needed, with the COH1 (Multiplayed defence) matches, COH1 just ruled, and still does today.Still recommend it as a fan of the franchise, but if you're looking to play online with friend go straight back to COH1 (less lag, more options, better game play, more game modes)...."
76561198011108681,Recommended,231430,9087735,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,High Profile (ॐ),Sick battles and total devastaion. Not a game for simple minded folks :DBut it is still not better then the first game
76561198007023337,Recommended,231430,9088040,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Warden1986,"Soooo... People think this game is bad? Well only thing I can say is DON'T LISTEN TO THIS PEOPLE BECOUSE THEY DON'T KNOW WHAT SAYING!!! The game have solid (even if sad) story, and serios gameplay, which can keep you playng several months."
76561198079418228,Recommended,231430,9094452,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Arjen,Just epic!
,Recommended,231430,9095614,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Justin.2112,"Love this game, great sequel to COH 1 and even though it lacks the expansions of COH1 the game is still young. The commanders are varied enough that you can do well without buying ANY extra commanders. Pay 2 win claims are just from upset noobs."
76561198048710938,Recommended,231430,9098518,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,rhysb,"In spite of all the negative feedback from a Russian historical opinion, this has got to be one of the best strategy games currently available. Great campaign and can be very challenging!"
,Recommended,231430,9119807,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,MagLag,"Good game, but can't really measure up to the original game, but it has really good gameplay and lots of variation in how you play (many commanders this time).also be prepared for technical difficulties, like lag without no reason, game don't start properly sometimes and your GPU will have an hard time running the game. 7/10"
,Recommended,231430,9092217,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Thraka,"Great engine improvements from the first one. They stil have base-area upgrades to allow to technologically advance through your side's techs. I don't play with random online people, just friends, so I cannot comment on the issue of pay-to-win commanders. I really enjoy playing this game though. Amazing improvements over the first. For sure."
,Recommended,231430,9092350,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Lukash,I <3 this game !!!
,Recommended,231430,9088623,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Morzo,A great remake!
76561198117338321,Recommended,231430,22615218,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Bell,a review
76561198106664103,Recommended,231430,10068251,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,ben,awsome game for skilled players
76561197960673727,Recommended,231430,10076307,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Itsygo,"Yeah Company of heroes 1 and 2 have been both great games, theres not much difference between both, except for the cold weather in the 2d and some new maps. But the fun factor , the graphics , the action , the thrill of the war and the strategy of the war is defenetly in that amazing game.For some weird reason not a lot of players are still playing it, but i higly recommend it to any gamer or war fans."
,Recommended,231430,10021814,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Wondertube,"Little different than it's predecessor. The game pits soviets and germans against each other in an all out war on russian territory. Includes such historical battles as The Battle of Stalingrad, Siege of Leningrad and many others. The campaign shows a good perceptive of how world war 2 was for russian soldiers and how one of their lieutenant starts to lose belief in the cause.Online and skirmish is what that game is all about. German's have the advantage with better tanks, infantry etc, however soviets have numbers advantage, which mostly means cheap infantry. Looking forward to Western Fronts expansion."
10111996211233156,Recommended,231430,10089397,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Agent Smirnoff,"So what do I have to say about CoH2? For one, its not as good as CoH1, thats a fact. Two, the dlc, it's a stupid idea and if relic makes a new CoH they really shouldn't have it in at all. However I will say that the game is still good, sure there's a lot of changes here and there, but what did you expect? Yes the camepaign is pretty anti-Russian, but because I'm not Russian I really dont have anything bad to say about the campaign. However, with, or even without the dlc, the game shouldn't be $40, maybe $25? I did get the deluxe addition on a %66 off sale though. Either way CoH2 is definitley not a bad game, but it is certainly not the best in the series at all, It took me a long time until I decided to actually buy it, but I did and I can say I'm personally okay with the money I spent, and I'm definitley getting the Western Front Armies. Anyhow, if you are going to get CoH2, wait until it goes on sale, and all though there's a lot of dlc commanders, they really don't make much of a difference, they're just there to add some variety, so don't be overwhelmed by them because they don't make much of a difference.CoH2- 8.5/10 (I rate this under MY OWN circumstances of it being on sale, if I bought if for full price this might just be lower)"
76561198134011741,Recommended,231430,10013124,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,REACT,i have problem with the game i cant play iy
76561198008973226,Recommended,231430,10532451,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Marine03,Great game.
76561197974067905,Recommended,231430,9926981,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Cmplord,Fun game and historically accurate....many complain that it is not the game of old that COH was but I dont think youll be disappointed with this one.  Both teams are very well balanced and play very differently....you wont be sorry to buy this especially right now (easter 2014) that everything is 66% off
76561198089981637,Recommended,231430,10925947,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,acfairman3,"Wonderful game, really helped pass the time on deployment."
,Recommended,231430,10930921,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Momoyactly,entretenido
,Recommended,231430,10931985,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,✠Blitzsieg✠,Not as fun as the first Company of Heroes game. For newcomers it might be the better game but for me (+800hours COH 1) it just does not feel right. Additionally there are no mods. 7/10
76561198017648018,Recommended,231430,10938882,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,☜☆ K[A]Me ☆☞,good
76561198064680330,Recommended,231430,14554187,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,InvaderSkloodge,Use goose step to ignore rough terrain.
76561198027031154,Recommended,231430,14601765,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,SGT007,Best WW2 RTS on the market. Got rid of all the bad things from the first one and added newer and greater things in the second one.....except for the population cap. That kind of sucks.
76561198046021880,Recommended,231430,10923879,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Theangryscotsman,game needs balanced but good
76561198026570247,Recommended,231430,10927223,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Diet_Double_Dew,I can see why people think that CO1 is better then CO2 befor the dlc update. But the game whith the dlc update is now a completley new game. It brings back all the old CO1 features and more. give this game a shot its is great.
76561197998821911,Recommended,231430,10467455,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Laxon,"This is a good game although there is no balance. You can still be a pro Russian player, but you can't defeat an average Wehrmacht player. The game has a great storyline."
,Recommended,231430,10933563,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Miikkb ♪,ossim
,Recommended,231430,14016294,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,joey lamemo,"This game is a pretty dang fun game even if you are losing but 3 usually posted comments about the game is the dlc, Germans being to OP, and that the game depends too much on luck.The dlc is (in my opinion) is fairly useless and I refuse to spend time on the boring campaign XXXDDDD. Notice how I seperate the commanders from the DLC, purchasing commanders is pretty dank compared to the restrictions of just 3 seperate companies in COH1. At first they may seem expensive or a waste of money, but just wait till a sale and they are all just like 1.5-2 bucks each. And this game has a drop system sorta like counterstrikes, you will get droppeed commanders as well as perks for your units, both of my American and one of my german commanders were dropped saving me 6 bucks.Moving on to the Germans being OP, I have been on both sides of the gun whether it is versus AI (who are a lot smarter then the majority of my teamates) or versus actual people. And I have turned the tide (from 10 victory points once) more than i can count versus both Axis and Allies.Yet I have discovered that the gameplay gives at least 40 percent to luck. I have had flamethrower shots miss at pointblank and do more team damage when exploded then any airstrike could ever hope to achieve. I have seen enemy tigers abandoned  with just a scratch just to be collected to my army, I have seen tanks sink in ice in just 2 feet of water and disapear into the beach below. I have seen planes shot down killing my entire army. I have seen a halftrack take 5 shots or 1 till it died. I have seen dooshy teamates who refuse to play even though you can turn a game around. I have seen a tank with a broken engine outflank a stug 3 and blow the top right off of it. I have seen a Tiger Ace killed by flamethrowers and grenades. I have seen even dooshier teamates who steal my luftwaffe fuel drops and build no armor. Trust me youd don't need my 100 hours (I plan to add more) of multiplayer gameplay to see how dependent this game is on luck."
76561197972239052,Recommended,231430,14590843,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Der BaeR,++
76561198105996948,Recommended,231430,14491075,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,gooberz123,i love the company of heroes games to piecesbut i got the game downloaded it started it i was in the game menu then i started the game and right as u move ur peeps my pc lue screened and this is still my favorite game and i want help
76561198047681858,Recommended,231430,10930172,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,gb63046,Great RTS!  Comes highly recommended and all I can say is that I agree.
,Recommended,231430,10941260,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rick Sanchez,"Its a good game and all, but when i have to pay the same about for the game to play all factions you can really just go home."
,Recommended,231430,10997286,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Malcore,"This game is probably the best RTS game I have ever played. It involves an entire new strategic warfare that is both welcome to beginners and advanced players. While it is not the first RTS it certainly has mastered the genre in a manner that leaves players eager to start a new match at the end of all the old matches. While the world war 2 theme has been over used and worn out, Company of Heroes 2 brings it back to life with renewed vigor in and epic attempt to sell one last time. While only having 2 factions did get stale after some time the two new added factions increase the games excitement exponentially. It is certainly worth the $40 dollars and we can only hope it gets better!"
76561198009041027,Recommended,231430,14497580,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Turbatur,very good
76561198073171535,Recommended,231430,14508997,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,ZerKia,Best WWII game in my opinion. 87/100
76561198014220432,Recommended,231430,14592312,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Sniikki-Iivari,Nice!
,Recommended,231430,14508876,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,CmdB,good
76561198029159400,Recommended,231430,11391805,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Me accent's a yorkshire'un,"It's good, but don't play online unless you're willing to be beaten, or beat people, by simple and boring rushing tactics. Multiplayer is terrible."
76561197972832797,Recommended,231430,11425125,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Nerdgunner,"It didn't capture my attention as much as the original and it's expansions, but it was very good."
76561198015397834,Recommended,231430,10097210,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Lvl4,Like RPG? old weapons of war? next to none this game is it!
76561198027253850,Recommended,231430,10076284,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,洛克希德·马云,Great game but why The Western Front Armies DLC not available in china ?
76561197980854417,Recommended,231430,10076795,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Godspark,"Great game, with more slow-paced strategy (not like micro/macro-heavy Starcraft).Immersivly authentic to WWII, obviously with gameplay and balance changes.Looking forward to Western Front Armies."
76561198123439328,Recommended,231430,9975444,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,usnscc1114,fun game
,Not Recommended,231430,28252132,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Shiverlock ®,"This is like the COD mw2 in comparison to MW1, BF4 to BF3, too much stuff... Less is more! COH1 was simple and fun, but this♥♥♥♥♥♥is a mess."
76561198126385567,Not Recommended,231430,20175608,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,K-Metal,HORRIBLE GAME PLAY
76561198210484791,Not Recommended,231430,28424246,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,awyong562,can't play the main game after buying one of its dlc and received the main game for free...
76561198022474639,Recommended,231430,9137207,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,-|WaD|- Happy HulK,Quite a amazing game and very real life - like battles .
76561198093594518,Recommended,231430,9080956,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,duppie,Very nice
,Recommended,231430,12872378,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,pheetus,"One of the best RTS series ever made.Addictive, realistic gameplay, that is historically accurate for the most part.If you enjoy RTS games, and have interest in WW2, this game is simply a must have.I highly suggest the original as well if you don't already have it."
76561198008896444,Recommended,231430,19389835,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,SgtSlaughter,Best game ever. Been playing it with my brothers for 5 years now and it still is fun!
76561198083221270,Not Recommended,231430,21557045,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,JJordawg,"I like this game but I can already see that it is a huge cashgrab.You only get two armies, soviet and eastern front germans. Apparently the Western front germans were a different army because YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR THEM.Three fifths of the game right now is locked behind a pay wall. I just play online, I don't care about the story, but I don't know how to unlock more commanders and all I can figure out is it  is some kind of random drop to make you want to buy them in the store?The game itself is pretty fun. But the fact that I literally would have to pay over and over again to get the full game is stupid. I thought the game had all the armies in it when I bought it. Most WW2 RTS games that is standard. I can understand if they added a Japanese army dlc or canadian army or such. I want to play as the USA! Oh, wait, too bad: Pay $12 minimum... and then, I probably wouldn't have any commanders for it?If I keep playing this I might by the CD keys from♥♥♥♥♥or some reseller cause I sure as hell don't want to give Relic any more money. Its pretty Pay 2 Win. Why? Because everyone and there mother plays as this one commander on the West German army that you have to buy, and everyone plays the other western armies too! I'm the only one I ever see playing the base games ♥♥♥♥♥♥ offering! This game pisses me off with the amount of money they constantly try to take from you!"
76561198018620608,Not Recommended,231430,17910403,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,wertzuiop,"The game is okay, feels like the CoH 1.But seriously... I am so sick of this DLC crap. Do not buy it, maybe when it is on sale, but I cannot tolerate this greedy marketing anymore.Is it that hard?! Develop a game, release it when it is FINISHED (and not when Christmas is drawing near or whatever) and provide the players with FREE patches and FREE add-ons (because then the gamers will trust you more). You should learn a thing or two from Left 4 Dead 2.I am at a point where I am not buying a game unless its price is below 10-15 bucks (depends on the game - Exceptions are most games from Nintendo and Valve because they never really disappointed me until now). I guess soon other gamers will think like me and then you can totally forget about that 50 bucks for a game and 100 extra for DLC crap."
76561198075488993,Not Recommended,231430,14933176,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Spicy_Noodles,This game SUCKS! Error Code 41! Error Code 41! Error Code 41! Error Code 41! Error Code 41! Error Code 41! Error Code 41! Error Code 41! Error Code 41! Error Code 41! Error Code 41! Error Code 41! Error Code 41! Error Code 41!I have spent more than 300 hours playing this game. I have been disconnected all day long WHEN WE WERE WINNING. I think it's time to go back to the game's pirated versions. Thank you.
76561198051304444,Not Recommended,231430,19720935,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Volku,"This game sucks and Steam controls is so much so that even if you don't want to play it. It keeps dowloading content and ""Auto-Updating"" wasting your disk space. I tried changing settings so that it doesn't auto update and every time you log out and log back into steam it just resumes downloading. The game itself is worst than the Original CoH. CoH2 is just the arcade looking, unreal explosions, unrealistic feeling new game with more tanks and other vehicles. If it would have just kept the old game feel and just added these new vehicles and the other new Factions. It would have been a GREAT game! Also, steam trying to kill the CoH community by spliting it up and making online games harder to find is only adding to how bad steam has become. Literally overnight when CoH2 wasn't doing as good as the market was predicted to do. Steam released a mandatory download for CoH, if you don't dowload you can't play online. As soon as you dowload it to update the game. When you log back in. Instead of 20-30 games online before the update, after update you see now only 0-5, up to maybe 10 on a high traffic periods. Before update high traffic periods had a couple pages of online games. Maybe 20-50."
,Not Recommended,231430,20594451,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,TOMKEG,28 minutes.Can't play tutorial without buying other factions.Don't buy it.
76561198005811481,Not Recommended,231430,30861814,Posted: 31 March,all,Roine,Dont buy this game. I dont se the German campain. They just let you play communist and petty communist campain.My hours did go online. Still miss a real campain with the good guys!
,Not Recommended,231430,25951763,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Eralsk,Uses more graphical power than the Matrix.
,Recommended,231430,12476967,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Anggaraxz,This is the best RTS Game i ever play!!
76561197997317515,Recommended,231430,12442540,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,c0mc0,"Solid RTS. I don't think it really brings an aweful to the original CoH formula - certainly not enough to justify the amount of time between the titles and the original release price - but if you enjoyed CoH, you're going to enjoy this too.Probably the most impactful improvement is the line of sight mechanic - it makes battles far more tactical. For example, you'll be looking to gain the high ground with scout units to allow you to call in artillery support."
76561197972271812,Recommended,231430,12759913,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,07Specter,"Overall the gameplay is good, and the campaign was fun to play.  I like having the extra challenges, both single player and cooperative, as having them adds to the playability.It is not fun having pay to play expansions, and for whatever reason someone decided to make the population values of units too high and at the same time made the population cap too low..Overall I would say that this is a good game and I still enjoy playing it from time to time."
,Recommended,231430,21272576,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,El Pumpking,"Very good for uninstalling, as it frees up a whopping 25 gigs"
,Recommended,231430,20887295,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,General Spills,"Fun as ♥♥♥♥. 7/10. While the gameplay is good, it is kind of pay to win, and there is a huge skill difference between ranks. Also, because it is extremely hard to get drops, you have to buy the commanders with real money. Some factions need tobe balanced out."
76561198195239453,Not Recommended,231430,21134242,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Diana Sloth and the Supremes,"I like the game but just get Company of Heroes instead. This is similar to those Free To Play games you get that keeps asking you to pay for more items, whats worse is that you initially pay for it! You are basically buying an unfinished product. You can only play as German or Russian, you need to pay to play as other factions. They didn't even upgrade the graphics from 1 to 2; it looks, sounds, feels, and plays just like 1.Just buy Company of Heroes 1 and enjoy that, its an amazing RTS and you aren't asked to give up money like a homeless person on the sidewalk."
76561198055525921,Recommended,231430,15459717,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,SouthernMan,"Forget the rest,select the best! Company of Heros 2 has everthing a rts ww2 fan wants! With emersive single player,to full on multiplayer madness and everthing in between,with loads of dlc to choose from.So load your rifles,rally your troops,and perpare for the ride that only COH 2 can offer! 10/10"
76561198024533482,Recommended,231430,31145242,Posted: 14 April,all,Yung Potato,good game
76561198169221511,Recommended,231430,28726689,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Blue_Menace,the Company of Heroes series of games are personaly the best strategy games ever made......close second is empire at war
76561197963613812,Recommended,231430,28728097,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Awesome in the SW,"well it has,WARDEATHBLOODKILLINGGOREand MORE WAR.so i rate a 11/10."
,Recommended,231430,24868302,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Stephen Paddock,"As Hitler once said ' The 1000 Year Riech will surive and destroy everything'. Basicly this game, germany OP. #LaserGuiedMortars and Mg Spam"
76561198004622171,Not Recommended,231430,26107283,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,TröllKat,"don't play in the mornings, the russians and chinese will get you.don't play random teams, the premade ♥♥♥♥♥♥s will get you.don't play anything but brits, the allies will get you.don't play team games, the imbalance will get you.don't play solo games, the rng will get you.don't play....just don't play at all.a game that rewards pathetic ♥♥♥♥♥♥ry of the worst sort, baseraping, zerging, dogpiling, you name it it's here.thus, the russian and chinese ♥♥♥♥ always win. tactics? ♥♥♥♥ that. combined arms? ♥♥♥♥ that. zerg like a faglord ftw.  if that doesn't work, spam artillery like a boss cause you can tell how skillful a guy is by the number of rng kills his arty has proudly displayed below its portrait. if you don't have a team, don't even bother. if you DO have a team, don't bother either unless you're a bottomfeeding russian or chinese zerg spamming blobber.gg."
,Not Recommended,231430,21273446,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,１０時ー8 OCTOBER （日）,"Quite bland, lacks any significant innovation from it's predecessor and COH Online.Awkward and fake voice acting/voice overs.4/10"
,Not Recommended,231430,21267456,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,SynShadows,first one is better
76561198080177476,Recommended,231430,8928227,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,TinLeaf,"Buggy to say the least. This game offers up a number of technical shortcommings that weigh it down, such as a non-optional recording system that must be toggled off with a manual file altercation if one does not wish to see their framerate crippled.Having said that, this game follows through with a very enjoyable flavor similar to its predecessor. With time I hope to see it patched to completion, as this COULD be an excellent game. I've not purchased the expansions just yet, but I feel the vanilla maps do have a... certain lacking of chokepoints. While this is simply an opinion, it would be nice if there were some default maps for those folks who just want to play WWII Russian Fortress Simulator 2013. <3 Chokepoints! Having said that, I imagine it wouldn't be hard to create such maps with the creation system. This is an overall good game. Critical bugs included, I give it an 8/10."
,Recommended,231430,23741918,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Knight of Rosen,is good
,Recommended,231430,14610342,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Magnus,Awesome game
76561198103634249,Recommended,231430,14616253,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,ICan'tPauseItMom,10/10 with your buds with some beer and that screenshot button ready
76561198035974629,Not Recommended,231430,17794067,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,CPU - Standard,MOST USELESS GAME EVER YOU BUY UPDATE BRITISH FORCES AND THEN YOU NEED TO BE A IT SPECIALIST TO INSTALL THE UPGRAD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198044223034,Recommended,231430,17424753,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Ahegao1,10/10
76561198031262604,Not Recommended,231430,17465083,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,The Bored Chairman,"So after many patches, the game is probably the most stable it's going to be. I say this, because Relic will not patch it again after this, so if something's buggered, it's staying that way.Despite everything, the game is a solid RTS, but unfortunately, as it transitioned (i.e. was forced) into the Esports scene, it left behind its soul, what made the game fun. Flame Half-tracks were terrifying, T34s were driven by Kamikaze Russians.There was no support for Theatre of War, despite it seeing several (costly) DLC packs that simply added more missions. The Ardenne Assault was a cash grab if I've ever seen one, full retail price for what was essentially a couple of campaign missions and two factions which could be bought seperately and nowhere near on par with the base game. Commanders also get nerfed, and then promptly abandoned, which is the worst thing devs can do to a game, striping variety in order to force a competitive scene.As stated before, the devs tried to push this into the Esports, but the (relative) lack of developper support, coupled with their abandonment of it in order to focus on Dawn of War III sealed the fate of this game.Fun with friends and to waste time, but would not recommend as a serious purchase, unless you play RTS games frequently."
,Recommended,231430,31421484,Posted: 28 April,all,Sundman,good
,Recommended,231430,19366431,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,✠ Crowley,lol this game is not pay to win every country has a good starting doctrine accept america maaybe Russia Is shock troops and kv8 really good free2 play doctrine Wehrmacht has The Elefant really good doctrine OKW has The Jagdtiger really good doctrine America Airbornrangers a good doctrine aswell and British have the churchill avre for free so thats good free2 play doctrines.
,Recommended,231430,17961805,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Mcgomersal,"ill play it and just get addicdid and play 4, 1 hour long games in a row"
76561198082791376,Recommended,231430,18064430,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Robert Edward Lee,tanks are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198008475063,Recommended,231430,12851203,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,takismav,"i am fan of coh1 and this game is very good like the first and the dlc make the game more interesting,"
76561198080277359,Not Recommended,231430,17793093,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,-igor-RUS,Balance sucks. game is not even little bit realistic.
,Recommended,231430,29519221,Posted: 27 January,all,KE4Dy,"Overall: You haven't probably known microtransactions until you've played this gamePositive: New interesting mechanics and visuals compared to the 1st game. Various commanders will make you need to identify their weaknesses and strengths.Negative: Microtransaction overload. From purchasable visual skins to OP commanders, prepare to be overwhelmed by a easily flawed points system. Some of the purchasable commanders are overpowered compared to your starting roster of commanders. Pay to win is very plausible.Conclusion: Buy this game if you love RTS games overall. If you played the first game, prepare to be heart broken by the microtransactions and a flawed points system. I really love this game and the franchise overall. Hopefully this microtransaction BS and the flawed points system will never be in the next game.Edit: Steam Workshop monetization.......yeah =P"
,Recommended,231430,29332264,Posted: 17 January,all,Cpt.Blitzkrieg24,"I have a love hate relationship with this game. It is my most played game in my library, and is currently my favorite game of all time, but sometimes it irritates the **** out of me.ProsGreat unit diversity. Each faction has different specialties, and they cannot be played the same way whatsoever.Great UI. It is very easy to comprehend. Compared to Men of War AS2, another great game, this UI is loads better.Fun to play with friends. The game is still amazing with random players, but with friends it is very satisfying to carry out coordinated assaults on an enemy.Amazing gameplay. As a fan of RTS games, I can't say I've found a better series than the COH series.ConsCommunity. There are kind players out there, but most of them are just awful.EXTREMELY UNBALANCED. (However, this can be a pro, and I will explain). I don't care what anyone says, or what any forum tells you. The Axis are MUCH better than the Allies. My friend and I have never lost a game by using the same exact strategy with the Axis. I spam one type of unit, and he spams another. These units perfectly complement each other, and we usually force a surrender within 5 minutes. We usually play as Allies and actually use strategy, and we only do this as Axis to a) Mess around b) Prove a point to Axis players who swear that Allies are overpowered.Now, you may be saying that it is very stupid that someone can win this much by spamming units, and yes that is a serious problem in this game. But, I said that can be a pro, and here is why. If you are like me, and love RTS games, and like to practice at them, you can get better. Instead of resulting to spamming the Axis, you can use actual skill and strategy to win fights, instead of a massive imbalance in the game. Doing this, instead of pointlessly moving around a blob of units throughout the game is much more fun. Also, when you beat these spammers, it is the most satisfying thing in the world.So, if you love RTS games, I highly recommend you to play this, and learn how to play. And, please, don't be one of those people who try to say that the Allies are overpowered because it just isn't true."
76561198158217370,Not Recommended,231430,20676589,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Turd,Why i cant acces the Singple player oF the game i bought the British  Thing but  it told me to purchase it theni click it and i said u already have this game
76561198215437727,Not Recommended,231430,24754297,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,kraut6923,Historically inaccurate and very unrealistic regardless of what strategy you use if you are the Germans. Very Disappointing.
76561198022344052,Recommended,231430,11398954,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Crimsonthegreat,Awesome game!  Definitely recommend this game to RTS fans.
,Recommended,231430,11894726,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Hans Von Doodle,Its a great game. i really enjoy seeing people burn or get blown up by a land mine
76561197989343462,Recommended,231430,11410024,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,MR. Seyton,"It does what it says on the tin!much like its predecessor it keeps you happy for hours and hours, money well spent.full review in dutch ontweakers.nethttp://tweakers.net/productreview/84105/company-of-heroes-2-pc.html"
76561197983724750,Recommended,231430,11368842,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Megalomas,"Another cracking micro-style game from relic....Not Dow 3, But still a great title. Easily worth the asking price If you loved the first Coh, chances are you will love this."
76561198008844062,Recommended,231430,11391984,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,rourke,just great game..
,Recommended,231430,11405626,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Nerb[TH],Best RTS game
76561198057063087,Recommended,231430,11372944,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,jim mustache,show de bola!
76561198215857892,Recommended,231430,30628366,Posted: 19 March,all,Pure Gold,THIS GAME IS LIT AF
,Recommended,231430,24028701,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mr Unbelievable,Garden ♥♥♥♥♥es Get Resources
76561198173269291,Recommended,231430,24817676,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Spojinowski,"Amazing game! Worth the $10 I spent on it and all the DLC. Some of the Theater of War missions are very difficult if you don't have the right commanders, and there should be more commanders such as Anti-Tank, and they should be dropped more often. Still an awesome game!"
76561198090687616,Recommended,231430,14458018,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,br.sharp01,The history storyline and overall gameplay is what i love of the gamedislike no 88 mm gun
76561198344833818,Not Recommended,231430,30772278,Posted: 27 March,all,BROOMSTER97,Very unoptimized.. But still fun regardless
,Not Recommended,231430,28480224,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,harirmdhn,"idk, just take a long time to load the game then crash."
76561198011580156,Recommended,231430,21229236,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Analogue Lifestyle,"Much like the original version, Company of Heroes 2 delivers non-stop action in a World War II environment that vaguely resembles semi-lethal paintball. With no man or machine being able to shoot more than twenty meters the experience adaquetly recreates squad level action that is reminiscent of war films like Saving Private Ryan, Enemy at the Gates and The Alamo - the John Wayne one. The cut scene film about the Russian officers has acting which rivals the Duke. The developers clearly put in millions of man hours to recreate a horrid war torn environment, beautiful sprites and realistic looking models of weapons, uniforms and vehicles from the period. Many of game types are sure to remind you of the original and since this title was one of the reasons Relic went under it is no surprise that Sega is offering hundreds of dollars worth downloadable content, which actually makes the player wonder if this game is about a company of infantry during the war or a company of sales after the all mighty dollar.  The game is fun and will remind you of that one time you went to play paintball and actually lost your eye - definately get this game when Sega is having a sale on Steam."
,Recommended,231430,22891444,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Lionhardt,They said I could be Rommel here.11/10 would  Rommel again.
76561198134600667,Recommended,231430,22862723,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Jager`s Kitchen,"COH2 is  nice game to play, but some times I was matched with some players which are rude in words and sneer to un experienced players. This is very sad to see in this game.  I hope steam can to something on this ."
,Recommended,231430,23814174,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Chávez,"I had a very good time playing CoH2 during my heyday. I'm obviously not a professional reviewer so I'll save you all from the diatribe and b.s.I'll just say this, the computer is absolutely frustrating for someone who's a basic RTS player (like myself) but pretty damn fun on normal skill levels. There were a lot of cool additions to this game over the previous and they took some things out which perplexed me (why can't I build my own bases like in the original CoH?)All in all I really did like this game a lot and still play it occasionally. I would and do recommend this game to whatever friends I have that play on PC."
76561198067454809,Not Recommended,231430,19652455,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,SiDz3j 👌,Why dont play this game ??You buy this game and you have only 2 Fractions its ok but still you need spend more monney to play OKW or Brtish forces  and if you want some commaders must buyit drops are 0.0001 % for me ofc...Balanc is sooo bad like i have IS 2 with 122 mm cannon but its CoH2 you cant kill fu... Pz 4 2 miss 2 hit but when i die pZ4 have half HP GG and this point i RAGE QUIT game and uninstall this game and i save my nerves.AI on Drivers are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ when you want go back but driver rotate the contrary and show rear armor and you're dead.Its not bad game i love this game but i cant play this game anymore because nerves are strong.OK i hope i help you. btw  sry for my bad english
76561198085760649,Recommended,231430,30003882,Posted: 18 February,all,Energieeze,This game present lots of opportunities and that cause you are in a real war.
,Not Recommended,231430,24753343,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,[#3] Marv Towel,Yawn
,Recommended,231430,12792644,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,CGEAR0925,What a great game.  Excellent gameplay and awesome story line.
76561198011521543,Recommended,231430,12641930,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,CroCop,"This game has given me many a happy hour of sometimes unrealistic, occassionally irritating, but overwhelmingly positive experience. While some things like the new War Spoils system could be improved - by implementing crafting of multiple bulletins (which increase your combat capabilities) into one, stronger; trading; influencing what kind of them you receive; more of them altogether -- which means implementing ALL, not one of the things they suggested in their poll about them -- the game is generally fun to play, easy to learn, but hard to master.While sometimes you might be set back by frustrating, unrealistic, though effective, and ''nooby'' tactics employed by your opponents, you're not supposed to rage quit; rather be smarter than your enemy and flank him with a tank, or blow those 5 HMG's up with artillery. I have seen games where I won against 4 human players with only one human comrade and 2 CPU's after the humans quit. I have seen games where the balance shifts for 4 or 5 times.Although the game is different from the original, lacking that semi-parody, cartoonish humour of delusional Volksgrenadiers, Jagdpanthers who hate you, tying your f*****g laces; Duffy, oil and a focken' cigarette, and similar laughs, it has a somewhat more serious approach to war, dying, and fighting generally; also sporting improved mechanics and gameplay options. You can occassionally hear some frontline humour, but not like in vCoH.You will experience brave infantry charges, devastating artillery barrages, machinegunners holding back a platoon of murderous enemies with one machine gun, thundering Tiger Aces and horrific ISU 152's, imposing Jagdtigers and Elefants, swarms of T34's and Shermans, and some devastating railway gun artillery in this action-packed sequel.All in all, I definitely recommend this game to RTS fans, and also to new players, as the benefits far outweigh the disadvantages."
76561198097062146,Recommended,231430,12655345,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Brandon-asdf,"This game is not like other RTS games. it acually takes skill, its not just who ever makes the most units wins.best rts i have played so far."
,Recommended,231430,12798098,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,jjoffer,Ok I have been a fan of CoH since the first CoH released. This game was bad when it first released but they have improved it so much balance wise. This game is still unbalanced in my opinion but whatever. The game is very challenging and feeds my hunger for RTS like no other game can. If your an RTS person it is definitly a game for you just be careful people are goodd at this game online haha
76561197997179691,Recommended,231430,12736862,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Bjerger,Just simply awesome!
76561198021747724,Recommended,231430,12748699,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,ICEMAN,Best one out by far!
76561198015995092,Recommended,231430,12822791,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Kenge,Great game!
76561198020353510,Recommended,231430,12832884,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Drac568Deth,Very good
76561198066444392,Recommended,231430,33663996,Posted: 19 July,all,rafaska,"A game meant for those who love strategy. There are 5 factions to choose from with different arsenals in each. Every unit has a counter. Highly recommended for those WW geeks.Pros:- beginner friendly- slow pace game- online community not OP- great graphics (for that era)Cons:- slow build-up (you have to hunt for points before real action happens)- games generally last close to an hour- not completely balanced (minor disadvantages to certain factions)Conclusion: This is a noob friendly game with good visuals. Regarding the disadvantages, they wont be if you know how to work around it (using terrain, weather etc.). So it really is a strategy game that requires the user to exploit the advantages.Rating: 8/10"
76561198022614604,Recommended,231430,12830688,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Lager,this is great game! :)
,Recommended,231430,24891681,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,i am moofin,"This game needs some serious fixing.It's fun, if you play with the right realism mod, without it it's just a spamfest."
,Recommended,231430,24034483,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Blackbox,Good game
76561198044096518,Recommended,231430,14105729,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Mr. Thumpster,♥♥♥♥ing German tanks are so OP. I love it.10/3
76561198125481536,Recommended,231430,11878439,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,papa danku,cool
76561198261652341,Recommended,231430,29998449,Posted: 17 February,all,Wardaddy,"fantastic game! mods are great too (they offer more realism and mroe units!). not a fan of buying the commanders (i.e. for the Tiger tank).however, the commanders can be unlocked through supply crares. these are granted by winning battles the dlc can be challenging (co op battles with the awful ai can be brutal).for players brand new to COH2, I would recommendwww.coh2.orgfor walkthroughs, and detailed descriptions of each nations units, strengths, weaknesses..etc"
,Recommended,231430,29780869,Posted: 8 February,all,Svalbaz,I do like Company of Heroes 2. Playing as Russia often seems futile once the Reich have tier 1 tanks. But it is a really good RTS.
76561198031899260,Recommended,231430,23875397,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,macedonias,"A must buy if you love WW2 games, espeically a high end WW2 RTS game.  It has some flaws, but trust me the cons outweight it.Pros-On point with historical WW2 units-Huge amount of variety of units, vehicles, firepower,-Commanders are amazing, you have so many to choice from in your loadout, you don't have the casual 3 like in COH1 when you are in the shop/inventory.-The graphics, oh my lord.-So many maps to download to play...-Story line dope.-Multiplayer gets crazy-AI with teammates, so much fun-DLC, so much DLCCons-Some buggie aspects of weapons-Soldiers getting stuck at some places-Specs of required to run the game(happened to me when I first bought this game, too bad I own a Asus G series now. :D)- Wayyyyy different feel than COH 1"
,Recommended,231430,11865593,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Mr._Toggle,This game blows my mind and is som much fun to play because of the awesomeess with in
,Recommended,231430,10497916,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Tom The Medic,"8/10, Heroes Co. Take 2 was fun."
,Recommended,231430,19217995,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Yujo Kameida,There is many good points to this game i am yet to find any major bad poits with the game itself. The negetive points are with the eithic that lelic has taken with this game.Gameplay is marvelous almost as good as COH1. Ive got all the dlc (apart from the the commanders) that you can get. which help give some diversity to your so called super powers.commander shop is pointless as if you grind spoils enough you can get them only annoyance with warspoils is that you get duplicates and youcant do anything with the deuplicates other than delete them (some form of trade or conversion for points you can spend on others would be better)the ethic of relic with this is cash cowing so dont waste your money. the dlc itself is good albeit slightly overpriced.in total i would rate COH2 at 7.5/10 its not a show stopper nor the best strategy game in the world but it is a good game.i reccomend the base game and id reccomend the dlc for western fronts/brits if its onsale or if you have the money to burn.
76561198074324511,Recommended,231430,9537927,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,ArrangedTuba292,COH2 is a fun game and an especially good RTS game relic entertainment has made some of the best with that said IT IS kinda a pay to win due to the commanders system.... I like the commanders alot becuase they add great varity too the game but i dislike the price tags and the unlock chances... that being said its a good game can be unbalanced at times due to the constant buffing and debuffing of units i give it 8/10
,Not Recommended,231430,22593046,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Sanny,"There is no balance between armies, and it's a shame that the singleplayer AI is completely messed up. Goes full out spam with tanks on Normal and Hard, or sits behind their lines on Easy and makes no pushes at all. The singleplayer missions are kind of a mix between good and awful. Not worth getting unless you're into multiplayer matches.The 3D models in the game are really well done, and the sound mixing is terrific. It's just a shame there is not much of a game here to be played."
76561198117230358,Not Recommended,231430,31124457,Posted: 13 April,all,Cheeseburgers,This is an RTS and you can't play a skermish battle without paying for a DLC... enough said.
,Recommended,231430,14476262,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,TheRealDEG,"This game is just simply amazing, i didnt think company of heroes could get much better than the first one. but i was horribly wrong"
,Recommended,231430,14476940,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Adequate™,"Not enough hours of gameplay yet but until now my game experience is good. Really good.i played Company Of Heroes 1 since its very first release! That means many many years!With CoH 2 release i wanted to wait and not to rush and buy it because we all know that many Gaming producers are making bad gaming sequels and they sell because of the name!i have read a tons of reviews, watched a tons of battles on streams etc. And now, i bought it!They were complaining about Unbalance! TOTALLY WRONG!Like CoH 1 you can counter everything, there is no thing that cannot be countered.Allies are a bit harder to expertise, But if u expertise them u will have no problem with Nazis :DThey were talking about ""Pay 2 win"" , 95% wrong!Well you can outplay enemies that have paid commanders easily.The DLC Commanders are just giving you more choices, that doesnt mean they are better or something than the standard ones!as a veteran CoH 1 player (i burned it down before its servers went to Steam) i recommend this game! Just give it some time!+Good Campaign!+Workshop!+a lot of Commanders and intel bulletin (pre-game boosts for specific kinds of units in your army)+Boreless game,  you can play tons of games and you will still want to play more (like CoH 1)+Amazing for co-op+Level up system makes the game more interesting!-Some bugs here and there-Bad Public Game finder (personal opinion)BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,231430,14477244,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,BananaSpanker,Mad fun.
,Recommended,231430,14478541,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Trinity,I have brought every company of heroes with all Dlc repeatedly this is by far better improved graphics by Coh 1 I love it keep up your good work but what would be interesting is a more modern game! with I dont know more infantry buildings ? Ghillies ? Apache helicopters and so more! But thanks for the game anyway
76561198138154174,Recommended,231430,14479056,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Top Kek,why
76561198005312194,Not Recommended,231430,18760892,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Lord Union,"AI seen to be very powerful. Sometime cant even seen enemy in fog of war. The fog of war cant reveal your enemy even my tank are in the fog.DLC, need to pay & pay in order to complete them all. German Stormtrooper are too weak compare to the last.German Sniper was so weak that it can lose to russian engineer. I put my Tiger ace to smoke screen but enemy still can destroy my Tiger ace.Ally unit block or trap my unit till death or destroy. Sometime tank unit can overlap each other.Enemy can fire long range at my troop where they didnt even know where my position located at.& they can success hit all my hidden army. (standard AI)During battle of snow, (standard) enemy AI aiming is so good that they can destroy my vehicle. While my tiger tank keep miss MOST of the attack.Ai tank always very accurate can destory most of my tank while all my tank always MISS.I dun really like that they keep giving same war spoil all the time... Waste the time & effort."
,Recommended,231430,22588981,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,ABREL88,best game :)
,Recommended,231430,11891740,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,iDaniel13,yes
76561198011697458,Recommended,231430,11891166,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Krombopulous Michael,Epic
76561198241036072,Recommended,231430,17853962,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Drinkablewall79,░░░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█ THIS DOG░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█ SAY ITS CUTE▐█▐██▐░▄▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▐░░▄▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐█ SO DOG CAN EAT YOU█▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█▌█▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓
76561198068895593,Not Recommended,231430,19431155,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,anolisjd1990,"IF YOU DONT LIKE PAYING FOR CONSTANT DLCS DONT BUY IT THIS IS A  MICROTRANSACTION SHAM AND A SCAM.DONT BE FOOLED BY THE ""PROFESIONAL"" REVIEWS.From bad to the ugly.THE BAD1-Firts of all this game is almost the same as it predecessor in fact it feels like a duplicate whit a splash of somethign new, some very few new mechanics but almost the same, expect the same forces as before USA, Britain and 2 German armies( why the ♥♥♥♥ 2??) along whit the new one the Soviet Union.The game been a bit numbed down in the sense of buildings. the mechanics of some factions just seem to have switched for example The Brits trucks to tech up mechanics have switched to the Oberkommando and the british are now stationary like the americans.. so much for originality.The UglyOn CoH1 you had 3 doctrines for each faction, now you have Commanders(doctrines) which at least the core 2 factions have about 10 Commander/Doctrines... sounds good right?? Well it isnt you have to buy the rest fo the commander for about 3-4 bucks a piece, not to mention many of the""doctrines"" share many units and abilities....... yea you read correctly. as of now there are 26 ""doctrines"" on sale!!!!!You can get the ""doctrines"" as spoils of war along whit other useless♥♥♥♥♥♥like decals,skins,bonuses etc etc, Sounds also good right? well it is not i am at level 8  whit 13 hours of playing i got 3 useless bonus drops. i the chance of getting one of the doctrines is close to 1%-5%..Among other things on sale are about 3 missions, 26 commanders, 1 ""campaigns"" that is sold alsmost as the same as the game it self,  and 3 factions each about 20$. If you wnat to enjoy this game to the fullest it gonna be about 140$ worth..... for something that at maximun whit a expansions should have been 80$.As a fan of the earlier Relic games ( DoW1 and CoH1) i am no longer gonna sponsor this company,  what the did is a shameful scam,  to me they are on the same level whit this Microtransaction DLC scams of Creative Assembly Total War franchise... o wait they are both OWNED BY SEGA..... i can no longer Refun dit beacuse i had the hope that it woudl turn tinto something worthwhile 13 hours into the game and i angry at this lack of respect at the costumer."
,Not Recommended,231430,17854615,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,CT-5555,DLC simulator
,Not Recommended,231430,24454177,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Tomji,"Crashing crashing crashing.I had an ATI card but switched to 1080 GTX because everyone claimed it was due to ATI drivers.Well it still crashes sometimes, very often just when you win and the game gives some speech.Overall the game is very similar to COH1, which I suppose looks almost as good."
76561198141592195,Not Recommended,231430,17663397,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,KurwaMan™,"This BARELY made me hit the ""Recommend"" button. Here's my story: I buy the game, play it for a few hours, and at the time thought it was pretty good, even with my low-end computer. I decided to buy some DLC for it (since I didn't like the Soviet stock units at the time) and below and behold, it doesn't work. I bought some Soviet & German commanders for ~$15 only to find out that they don't show up in my inventory. I can't refund any of it because I played the demo more than I played the actual game. I was pretty mad. I mean, come on. Sega/Relic absolutely embarrased themselves with slicing a perfectly good game into 300 parts and selling it one by one for a rediculously high price. Now, with my new gaming rig, the DLC started working (Yay), and I changed my review. However, if Sega/Relic/AnyExtremelyGreedyGameDeveloper adds something that I don't like to this game, I WILL change my recommendation. I heard that it's ~$200 to get the full game!7.5/10  would buy more DLC againEDIT: Changed to not recommended. This game is so german-sided it's not even funny. I can't win a single game as the Red Army because of Panzershriek and Panzer spam. All my tanks are destroyed by the panzershriek spam, and all my infantry are murdered by the panzers. This game just isn't fair to anyone who would want to play as the soviets."
76561198031753115,Recommended,231430,14523634,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,bOBA bETT,"Eventhough I was only able to play the game for a few hours, I loved every minute of it. The gameplay was great, the mechanics were great too! It made me feel like I was actually on the russian front commanding units! I'd highly recommend it."
76561197988726919,Recommended,231430,14520515,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Shawn,"For having to follow probably one of the best RTS games ever made, it is quite good.  There are more ways to personalize your play style with many commanders rather than the old Coh that only had a handful of ways to actually compete.  I origialy thought I would be dissapointed with it but with the expasions it has had and all the ways it has made itself better than the original it's hard to complain about the switch.  It has some bugs and ballance issues but overall it is an excellent game."
,Recommended,231430,14523515,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,CloudLab,"Additive, Superb, Amazing! Recommended 100%"
,Recommended,231430,17769429,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Fluffy,Very goot yes yes
76561198076408201,Recommended,231430,13005414,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,KOMГADE,"It's a very good game to test your mentality, big bonus for community mods."
,Recommended,231430,13018032,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,.jude,Best RTS game in history
76561198159201345,Recommended,231430,13008004,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Slivinski71,"Love this game, great for anybody who likes war games."
76561198006738836,Recommended,231430,12974955,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,hexghost,Greatest RTS!
,Recommended,231430,12943906,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Kodaz666,Loving this game. Loved the original but this one has better graphics and better multiplayer. The only downside is the single player story isn't as good as the first.
76561198015146005,Recommended,231430,13013781,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,ThreeRunHomeRun,"Nothing will ever ""Hook""  me again like C&C, but the CoH's are a close, yet distant, 2nd."
76561198033328655,Recommended,231430,12957584,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Malfean,Highly enjoyable
76561198075087204,Recommended,231430,14522996,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,<TM>SGT heroxg,"Never written a review of a game before but I felt like it's time for it. Really enjoy every moment of the game.Constant changes and upgrades, patches make it a better game from day to day.Yeah it has a lot of DLCs but If you really want to buy the DLCs just wait for discount on them like I did with the Ardennes Assault.Looking forward to a German side campaign."
,Recommended,231430,14570287,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,TranDynasty1738,"If you wanted an upbeat polished better version of CoH 1, this aint the game. Basically standalone 40 Dollar dlc.I would still recommend this game for those who still want an amazing RTS experience but if youre a diehard CoH fan, youll be disappointed."
76561198031753115,Recommended,231430,14523635,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,bOBA bETT,"Eventhough I was only able to play the game for a few hours, I loved every minute of it. The gameplay was great, the mechanics were great too! It made me feel like I was actually on the russian front commanding units! I'd highly recommend it."
76561198010107081,Recommended,231430,14586183,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Noobie,This franchise was a revolution to real time strategy. This game is the chess RTS while others RTS are checkers.
,Recommended,231430,14521756,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Pvt_Gumball,really hard...dlc is reduculously sold seperately.....10 out 10
,Recommended,231430,14578167,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Walrus,Very fun strategy game.
76561198032078868,Recommended,231430,30001177,Posted: 17 February,all,Sam Evans,"An angry russian man yells at you as german tanks slaughter your defenseless soldiers, but you don't mind as long as you get to make Comrade Stalin proud."
,Recommended,231430,22776869,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,HUD1EHUDS0N,"Let's get one thing out of the way: get this game on a Steam sale - it is NOT worth full price.And also; I am firmly against blob ""tactics"" from OKW players; find an actual tactic to use, like an armoured push. Blob-ing deserves to stay firmly in StarCraft.Right; on to the review.Pros-Good (non-DLC) single-player campaign with a variety of types of missions.-Okay DLC single-player campaigns.-Excellent multiplayer matches (... when it works).-Large number of MP maps with community maps also included.-Mod support is great - new maps, AI, and UI improvements for all.-Main DLC (like Ardennes Assault) is worth getting, if only for the US forces.-Different Armies - not just a new paint job on the same models. OKW for all-out attack, Wehrmacht for defensive play, Soviets for infantry pushes, US for armoured warfare, and the Brits for some good old trench warfare/gardening.-AI is ridiculous.Cons-Microtransactions...-Pathing issues on some maps.-Lag, crashes, latency issues; you name it, MP has it.-Steep learning curve with no real tutorials.-Long MP loading times on par with old LoL loading times.-No variety with Commanders; the ones that are useful are few and far inbetween.-Bad progression system based on matchmaking.-Bad/slow matchmaking.-Terrible loot system; ""War Spoils"" is not a proper loot system; it's based on luck, making sure you've prayed to RNGsus / the Devil / Relic (Lelic), and whether you can get put into a balanced game.-Forums are a poisonous, hate-filled place... Like all other Forums known to man.You might look at the long list of Cons and say ""f**k it; not worth playing"" and, you'd be right. I'm recommending this game to those who can ignore the faults of a game and see what lies beneath; CoH2 is, deep down, a good RTS. As much as it tries to hide this beneath bugs/balancing issues, CoH2 can be a hilarious game if played right; I suggest a friend to play with, and I also suggest trying to defeat the Hard AI (good luck; you'll need it).--6/10 Worth picking up, not worth the full price--"
,Recommended,231430,21879818,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,swaGGer,if you make it free.. people will come..
,Recommended,231430,18221533,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,RomansIII,"Once I managed to get 5 King Tigers out, and lured a group of shermans into an ambush with a Panzer II.10/10"
76561198013466105,Recommended,231430,18225961,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Jagd Gray Wolf,Great game but CoH 1 was better. It feels less badass. More cartoonish but the game still has its pros.
76561198032940937,Recommended,231430,29068071,Posted: 6 January,all,iswtiger,The AI isn't as bad as the first game. The voice acting for the units is pretty good. Campaign is alright. I wouldn't buy it for the campaign. Its the multiplayer is were the fun is. I give it a 10/10
,Recommended,231430,9254951,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Grahamwookie,Since CoH1 I've played none stop and when CoH2 arrived I was equally pleased with the game. I would recommend this game for those single players and for it's multiplayer features. Relic are really keeping the game on it's toes with DLC. More More more please Relic. Very happy.
76561198030728740,Recommended,231430,9261154,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,[EC] Slip~Slide,"Love this game, hoping for bigger things from it in the future."
76561198041209974,Recommended,231430,30191820,Posted: 26 February,all,Dr Fluffster,Company of Heroes is one of my favorite games back in the day they. it still are I hope they will continue this franchise
76561198049665607,Not Recommended,231430,31079937,Posted: 11 April,all,Schnarch96,"I really liked this game some time ago, but then everything changed, when People, who i cannot say are not moneywhoring idiots, started to patch the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game. Now it is unbalanced af and the prices to buy doctrines are completly insane. If you play Axis, you win, you play allies, you loose. The Panzer IV is ridiculously overpowered, and getting sufficient anti-tank weaponry as soviets while having a chance against the overly tanky Obersoldaten is close to impossible."
,Recommended,231430,22923352,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,BuchRaven,I Love It
,Recommended,231430,34992090,Posted: 16 September,all,Nani?!,"I played it like once i think, it was fun until the veterans showed up"
76561198043378501,Not Recommended,231430,32207154,Posted: 5 June,all,rogers.scott29,yet another crashing game from steam last two games i downloaded are unplayable due to crashing issues why sell these for a platform when you know they do not work!!!
76561198337937117,Not Recommended,231430,32542310,Posted: 18 June,all,neiljfellows86,my tanks and men get killed way to easy AI must be super men 5 t34 v 1 stug all my tanks dead stug full heath
76561198051133226,Recommended,231430,22104562,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Obrulj,BEST GAME EVAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,231430,16345035,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,aki,has tiger tanks 11/10
,Not Recommended,231430,19351530,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Graf Zeppelin ^-^,dont get this game get the original company of heroes and get the EaW mod and eastern front mod it comes with the same content as this game provides and more like the north african campaign
76561198146541941,Recommended,231430,28698580,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Eisotopius,volkgreniders are on ja line.
76561198016869297,Recommended,231430,32134977,Posted: 2 June,all,Ironkex,Tis Geewwwd
,Recommended,231430,25068728,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,EXON_Tiger,had lots of fun with the first one ;)love shooting my friends to♥♥♥♥♥♥explosions look cool10/10 would king tiger spam again !
76561198018455358,Recommended,231430,31740496,Posted: 13 May,all,Duff'-lite,Replayabikity is high with all the user maps
,Recommended,231430,29984635,Posted: 17 February,all,Zed1406,love this game
76561198105605271,Not Recommended,231430,19348515,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Speeki Breeki,SEGA say 3fps is the most cinematic experience you can have.For a company that made Sonic this game dosen't run well.Don't listen to SEGA's recommended specs.
,Recommended,231430,19530104,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Stalionss,This is a fun game that i enjoy playing with my friends or alone if I choose. But the big price tag for the game might disencourge people from buying/playing the game. If you like tatical WWII games; I would highly recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,231430,19200293,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ДРГ неукрощенный,"Not what I was expecting. Huge dissapointment. Is it a game I would refund no, but its not as good a CoH. All i can say"
76561198009982716,Recommended,231430,31170282,Posted: 15 April,all,enzoarduca2,the best
76561198110377163,Recommended,231430,29997464,Posted: 17 February,all,BERNARD SANDALS,gud
76561198033984598,Recommended,231430,18039325,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Animono,Rating: 9/10
,Recommended,231430,18165804,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Marpat,"pizdataya igra,blya budu, koroche didi vaevali i ya schitau chto eto zaebis))oni pobedili i blagodarya im mi zhivem)) spasibo dedu za pobedu, allahu akbar-kristos vaskres)"
76561198017263896,Recommended,231430,9961001,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,alexpagnew,It's seems ok
76561197981145097,Not Recommended,231430,18690788,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Joergensen,"They dint say that u only could play as the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ russians, a ""faction"" that usually is boring to play due to the fact that the only advantage they used during WW2 was superior numbers, well i dont like to pla eny game involving russian forces, mainly because i dont like the way humans let them self become pawns in Stanlins (and the not so smart russian commanders game off power and glory)OOh and if you want to play as US you have to buy the ardennes offensive standalone game at full ♥♥♥♥ing price...Very very disapointing, did really like the CoH series from earlyer, i mean hwo in their right mind would enjoy only being able to play as a nation where their leaders actually did stand for more casualties then the enemy and where the soldiers (units) didnt have a free will but was sendt as a human wave...  naah  ♥♥♥♥ this, i will not use more money on eny CoH game."
,Recommended,231430,20733770,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Croatian Commando,"Did you know Germany won the war using hordes of soldiers with laser guns, mobile eyes of Sauron, and a limitless amount of King Tigers?Of course you ♥♥♥♥ing did, cause this game is accurate as ♥♥♥♥."
76561198046251765,Recommended,231430,22561014,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Donovar,"So as of now I have  just over 1000 hours and I have to say its a decently balanced game, everything can be countered and or repelled in some way be that an MG42 to repel infantry blobs or White Phospherous to burn the dirty Nazis Some things may be OP and just straight up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t  but thats what happens when you let SEGA into a strategy gamePSWaiting patiently for COH2 BKModPPSSEGA/RELIC I swear to god if you dont impliment the Pacific Theater you have seriously terrible business plansPPPSSeriously release the complete modding tools"
76561197989374979,Recommended,231430,8927597,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,alberts061,Beautiful game - need some Kursk scenarios badly to even out the battles.
,Recommended,231430,15450574,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Tuck Fheman,Preferred CoH 1.
76561198020469084,Recommended,231430,28126140,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,L. Turowiesky ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),7/10 best driving simulator 2013
76561198132190000,Recommended,231430,26612151,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Vixchenkauph,Great RTS with two compelling stories and great gameplay.
76561198014179028,Recommended,231430,26617489,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,tom2112r,Great game hope they make one thats like more real time and todays age
,Recommended,231430,26648610,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Nate,Fun game. Crashes a lot. But fun.
76561198091560231,Recommended,231430,26741383,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Bushman,Awsome ♥♥♥♥ing game. Very fun with friends.
76561198168210750,Recommended,231430,25883629,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,my name is john,"Average game, luckily there is a mod called spearhead which completely turns around the game mechanics, i don't play without it anymore. This game without mods has so little realism it's embarrasing. Without mods 4/10. With mods 9/10."
,Recommended,231430,15079877,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Hyde,Your Russian
76561198039028144,Recommended,231430,15098843,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Argentinean,As great as ever
,Recommended,231430,13637953,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,✪ halalee,built 20 long range artillery units and then spammed conscriptsi won10/10
76561198029430838,Recommended,231430,28331359,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,TheDoverkin,It´s okay
76561198023892748,Not Recommended,231430,19951919,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Bot Frank,"wtf, i cant even play skirmish!! they want me to buy western front!!"
,Recommended,231430,19917993,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,BOOGSTINE,Take Company of Heroes (Original) and fix everything that was bad about it.Then add ♥♥♥♥♥♥ soviets.You have Company of Heroes 2(That was a positive review tbh)
,Recommended,231430,34518713,Posted: 26 August,all,Safiuddin97,How to get rekt by Germans
76561197986541538,Recommended,231430,13971904,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Multihog,"One of the best RTS out there right now! However, the faction design and balance leave a lot to be desired. If they can fix the glaring balance issues, it could just be the best RTS out right now."
76561198030956258,Recommended,231430,20015254,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Giggles,Too much DLC but also needs Nazi Alt-Hist Campaign DLCReally good game though
,Recommended,231430,20028010,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,rEdm,Look at my profile +500h so its quiet good ;=)
76561198084424519,Recommended,231430,20031601,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,afashpa,great
,Recommended,231430,2996431,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,LufftOffizier,"Самая эпичная стратежка,лучшая в своём жанре....Закрыть глаза на компанию и кульная игра получается..ТВД шикарен,мультиплэйеер тоже"
,Recommended,231430,21067289,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,IC,"Подпивасная майклбейщина. Диды,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥и проруби."
76561198064547572,Recommended,231430,31691426,Posted: 11 May,all,Kriptkori,"terrible optimization and server refresh issue.  When  you launch the game you cant refresh public server list. what you can see after clicking the refresh button is old server data, which is players' name who joined to servers. When you want to play with them and join the server, you will not see anyone that you saw before joining to server. I think they would not solve this issue. if you want to refresh server list you should relaunch the game. But it is a good game."
,Recommended,231430,35230638,Posted: 26 September,all,saltypickle,its gr8 m8
76561198118755291,Recommended,231430,35294319,Posted: 29 September,all,Alpha Wolf,"I have played this game over a year, but this game need some improvement and fix bug"
76561198081472769,Not Recommended,231430,28272374,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Pettson_utan_Findus,its ♥♥♥♥ing trash dont buy it.i cant play the campaign or any of the vanilla armies even tho i have the base game so i can only play the brittish forces army in skirmish.♥♥♥♥ this game and all its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t dlc´s
,Recommended,231430,20041897,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,{AV} Neroes,Great game overall but can get a little bit repeditive
76561198083362278,Recommended,231430,29189452,Posted: 11 January,all,[PAL] Mafia,it's a fantastic game :)
,Recommended,231430,22569492,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,SrS-nuga-SITU-VERD-KUKK,like . when the coh3 will be abel :D
76561198026428226,Not Recommended,231430,22575592,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,ExterminateJuice,Bought a ranger commander for 4.99 turns out he cant be used in skirmish or i have to unlock this commander i bought SOOOO STUPID. Its a good game but right now it will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off allot of potential here tho would buy on sale for sure. Just be prepared to get a little mad at SEGA.
,Recommended,231430,32705961,Posted: 23 June,all,Twitch Bob,"Good game, DLC policy is aids, so its best to get it on sale."
76561198088022849,Recommended,231430,12714931,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Caviar Griller,Recommend 100% Very good game The campaign mutiplayer solo and co-op mission were perfect I love to play it is much better than any other coh on all points. stop crying over the dlc paying nothing Do not force to pay for dlc ! there are atribuer with free even if it is long airdrop patience has its virtue . or shut up and pay just do it
76561198056755003,Not Recommended,231430,33412449,Posted: 9 July,all,ak47sforeverybody,"Usually I am in the business of reading reviews instead of writing them, but today I make an exception because this game is just not a good game.I bought both COH1 and COH2 during the Summer sale.  I could not care less about multiplayer, as I am more into campaigns when it comes to RTS games.  COH delivered a cohesive and fun campaign that I enjoyed, and I probably put over 40 hours into it.  I particularily liked the artistic delivery and the campaign storyline, which was done in a very simplistic manner while also trying to give the gamer scenarios that were somewhat based on historical events.  COH1 was also very campaign-oriented, with all of the campaigns listed straight up in the main menu.  Options were easily accessible too.When I finished COH1, I jumped right into COH2.  I had assumed that this would be a better game since it was made several years later, and the campaign appeared to fixate on the Soviets that time.  And we all know by now that it is very hard to screw up an RTS game with Soviets as a faction.  But man, right from the main menu this game looks like hot trash.  Even though I have this on the proper resolution, I can barely even read the text.  Most of the crap right in the main menu has to do with promoting multiplayer (aka DLC-fest) such as Twitch streams and other unwanted crap.  Even though my PC is past all of the recommended requirements, I couldn't get FPS past 50FPS even with tweaking all options to low values (made no difference if they were high or low, still wasn't getting 60FPS).Then I tried the campaign.  First mission: retaking Stalingrad.  It looked familar.  Why?  Because I had happed to have just replayed the original Call of Duty a few days ago, and this mission was IDENTICAL to the CoD Stalingrad mission.  This all really explains the purpose of COH2: to capitalize on unoriginal concepts (like with all of the Soviet paraphenalia in the main menu, treating the hammer and sickle like a brand label).  The other thing that really jumped at me was the whole CGI story element; completely overdone and unnecessary compared to how COH1 handled its plot.  This story element is quite intrusive, especially with the new version of the tactical maps that they force you to endure throughout a mission: instead of a useful map like in COH1, you are now forced to view some completely useless black and white photograph.  What is the point?  There is no point.  And overall, the story just sucks.  It feels like a rehash of how World in Conflict handled its plot, except that WiC was based on a fictional WW3 scenario and COH2 is supposed to be based on non-fiction WW2.  So why change the direction now after COH1 nailed it beautifully?  It's like watching the difference in movies between classic horror special FX and CGI greenscreen crap.And here's the best part: I'm only on the second mission.  I've spent a few hours trying to beat it, but I cannot.  It should be simple enough, but the game refuses to let me finish it.  I think it's a terrible mission design, especially when you have to burn some buildings down with flamethrowers (but why only some buildings?  WTF is the point of this objective) with infinite waves of Nazis bumrushing you engineers.  I actually finished this mission yesterday without too many problems, and then the game crashed of course.  Now, I am unable to even progress through the mission because every time I am supposed to use the engineers to blow stuff up, they are already dead before I can even control them!And I honestly don't even know if I want to continue with this BS.  The game just looks and feels like crap compared to COH1.  Even the text, and the in-game UI itself, just looks terrible.  Everything is just so limp-dicked compared to how COH1 handled things.  So I think I'm going to check out some mods for COH1 instead."
76561198076743854,Not Recommended,231430,34680871,Posted: 2 September,all,Nokirin,yep thank you very much SEGA for being the greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you are. Ruining one of my most beloved Games with a sequel that has microtransactions.... microtransactions in a game you literally have to buy and for the dlcs. prolly not enough money heh??Im just sad and depressed to see good games like this being ruined by greedy ♥♥♥♥ing companys like SEGA.well bye bye COH2. thank god the First COH is not getting infected with this cancerous disease called microtransactions.
76561198180680506,Not Recommended,231430,33229703,Posted: 4 July,all,KlausPoppe,Very bad optimization.
76561197968193813,Not Recommended,231430,34535055,Posted: 27 August,all,The Devil is a Liar,"I am very disappointed.I bought COH 1 and 2 on sale and played both of them back to back.COH 1 was great, but COH 2 brought me more of the same, but everything was just worse.Worst thing of all was the mission design. This must be the most repetitive game ever. I am in mission 10 now (had to force myself to continue since mission 4) and its always:1. Attack2. Conquer3. OH NOES Germans go for a counter attack, hold the lines!ALWAYS!Also the cutscenes, the atmosphere and the whole mission design are just poor. Somehow the story tries to make you care about human casulties, but the gameplay does just the opposite, constantly punishing you for withdraws with Order 227 (you get shot on retreat). Also most cutscenes seem to be copied from movies like ""enemy at the gates"" and offer no ogriginal ideas.Somethimes there is a small tactical twist like freezing temperatures or tanks which are disabeled by ice or break through frozen rivers. Those twists however dont have a big impact on the actual gameplay. After mission 3 or so I was never looking forward to continue with the game because it just bored me..."
76561198002753902,Not Recommended,231430,33390748,Posted: 8 July,all,NeoBushido,"Gameplay is horrendous and has every sign of the power creep that ruined the original after OF came out. Units are unbalanced, tanks of a certain class all feel the same, and the new commader system is a joke. Even on the best of systems the FPS is very unstable regardless of graphical setting. Single player is also nowhere near as strong the main cutscene story is good but the in mission one is horribly voice acted and executed resembling shlock fests like call of duty black ops. Also SCAM WARNING DO NOT BUY THE MASTER COLLECTION!!! Roughtly 3/4 of content will still be locked behind an ingame paywall including all of the good commanders for the various sides leaving you with the ones whose abilities as vastly inferior the game adds a sort of ""loot box"" system to justify that but it is so horribly executed that its not even funny.  This product is a joke as shows just how far relic has declined as a company."
76561198049919336,Recommended,231430,28340953,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,疾如吹雪poi~,Oh no! NO CHINESE??QWQ
,Not Recommended,231430,24803816,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,FoxClubNiner,No SLI support.
,Not Recommended,231430,23478540,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,[SG]SianZronG,"Always loved COH. Great game and all. But the company behind it just isn't showing much support for it.Got the whole bundled game, DLC and all, recently and found out that the single players are all bugged as the patched over the years have broken the game. Best part I have never played a ""Unpatched"" version of single player before. So basically for me I paid for a broken game, now we know why it was on discount."
76561198082337313,Not Recommended,231430,23716658,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,ancientses,"Way to much DLC that you have to buy to complete the ""base game"". and why do i have to take a survey to uninstall the game?"
76561198011364594,Not Recommended,231430,28131251,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,AllFillaNoScrilla,Balance is god awful. Not worth playing.
,Recommended,231430,24783199,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Herr_General,Great game!
76561198100248967,Not Recommended,231430,35445486,Posted: 3 October,all,Dab,NONONONO
76561198011827366,Recommended,231430,7477781,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,will,i have part 1 and all dlc so why da hell not
,Not Recommended,231430,20377329,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,CommanderRan,"Company of Heroes 2? Fun Game mechanics, good Skirmish mode. But Campaign? Better just name the Game ""Company of the 1% of Cowards"""
,Recommended,231430,15507084,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,AngryFarmerBoy,top
,Recommended,231430,21872327,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Commando Guinea,What? You haven't bought this game yet? Shame on you.
,Recommended,231430,12568666,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Kharn,"A great game that is constantly evolving, the devs haven't stopped pushing out major patches in the year or so I've played it.Anyone complaining on forums about horrible imbalances are inexperienced players, 3v3 and 4v4 is often known as a ♥♥♥♥♥how where it's mostly for fun. 1v1/2v2 is far more balanced. If you go into 4v4 with a team of buddies its almost a guarntee win, the people whining about imbalances are the ones joining up with 4 random people that don't communicate.Hope to see more expansions in the future."
76561197972199441,Recommended,231430,18120187,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Hurricane Frank,Roch'n Roll
,Recommended,231430,10752691,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Wappyslappy,Best RTS to date
,Not Recommended,231430,12322398,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Wolfspider,"Perhaps you've been there. You were at a grocery store, and there was a nice display. Then, there was a child who would very much enjoy touching said display. You go and tell that young man,""Now don't you go touching that."" The child didn't believe you, so he touched it! And it all came tumbling down, and you were gravely dissapointed in both the mess and the child responsible.Then suddenly- the child goes into some sort of schizophrenia attack, inchoherently shouting how awesome the Nazi's were! You simply stand there with a confused expression glued to your face as you continue to watch this child's endless rampage on the now broken-to-all-hell display. He runs further down the isle, throwing the same can of Cambell's Soup at your head every couple of seconds. You tell him to knock it off, or at least throw something else.""WORKS AS INTENDED!"", he screams, frothing at the mouth like a lunatic. ""WHY DON'T YOU JUST TRADE IT FOR SOMETHING ELSE?!"", he points to a man at your side, who is holding the same can of Cambell's Soup the child was throwing in his demonic tantrum. You then feel an emptiness inside of you that will burn for the remainder of your lifespan- or until you go back home and get a hat in Team Fortress 2.If you don't like the Nazi's:3/10, Go play a balanced game with a working drop systemIf you like the Nazi's, or better yet, hate Russians:Swastica/10, This game is just for you. You and all of your other little Hitler buddies."
,Recommended,231430,25411621,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,iWaNN,Well.. i think it's too late to review this game.. so just +
76561198095707068,Recommended,231430,8438935,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,[-TMI-] Mars,"I definately recommend this incredible game. With amazing graphics, an awesome new engine, cool  units for the new soviet faction, new abilities, a realistic true sight sistem and improved pathfinding, i reccomend this to any COH 1 fans and strategy gamers aswell. Any players who are new to strategy games will have a hard time with the steep learning curve at first, but a decent tutorial and useful tips help newbies to overcome that. Personally, i feel this game is a vast improvement over COH 1, and i definately recommend this to strategy fans."
,Recommended,231430,24564433,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Emiya Muljomdao,Company of Heroes 211/10
,Recommended,231430,7861273,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,[EST]Sickness ツ,"No heroes , most units die ."
,Recommended,231430,12916218,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,[E.FF]Thadwookie,yes
,Recommended,231430,8779697,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Halfish,"Though nothing can compare to the original Company of Heroes Saga, CoH2 does its job of bringing in the WW2 RTS for its second installment. Be warned however that Company of Heroes 2 differs quite a lot from its predecessor in terms of play style and over all feel. In Company of Heroes 2 you change up the Command Trees for Command""ERS"" Abilities. The points you earn slaughtering your enemies and or capturing points is instantly spent on a predetermined skill list as dictated by your Commander choice at the beginning of each match. Though there are quite a few Commanders to pick from, most are similar in their given abilities and just appear at different tiers. Unfortunately as mentioned in other reviews, this game does have a shop in which you can purchase certain Commanders outright with USD or whatever your curency. (I for one just did the digital upgrade and don't see myself purchasing many additional Commanders) I also felt that the Commander's abilities were lack luster and gimmicky. Another thing to note on is that during the ""winter"" maps you have to micro manage your soldiers near fires or else they can, and will become Reichsicles.Being a fairly competent CoH 1 player I felt that the combat and flow of each match was very familiar and still very much enjoyable. Overall I would give this game a HUGE thumbs up and would recommend it to any RTS fan or CoH veteran. Is the game different from CoH1? Sure, but I do not agree that it is not worth a playthrough especially if you were a fan of the original game.Overall Feel - 10/10 - It felt like I was playing a new installment of the franchise and the new levels are enjoyable!Graphics - 8/10 - Not a huge improvement over the original title.Multiplayer - 10/10 - Not a surprise here. Every match I played was different and enjoyable.Single Player - 8/10 - Not much of a genre changing attempt here as most RTS campaigns are highly scripted events.I hope this little review gives people a positive spin on the immense atmosphere of ""ITS A FAIL GAYME!!!!"" and gives you as a returning or new player to the Company of Heroes franchise a better idea of what to expect going into this game."
76561198055515519,Recommended,231430,8745061,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,DigitalWanderer,"It’s a beautiful, gritty and spectacular strategy game, and while it doesn’t do much particularly new, it doesn’t have to. [VG]          Enough said!  For a RTS its 9/10 in my book"
,Not Recommended,231430,11972594,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Rhaegor,Way too many DLCs that should have either been included in the base game itself or offered as free content patches.  This game is very much pay to win and the balance is really out of whack.  Relic are extremely slow to react and seemingly only care about how much money they can milk rather than making a high quality game that lives up to its predecessor.
76561198001893063,Not Recommended,231430,22811812,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Roger_the_Cat,"Rip off, bought the game then find out i have to keep buying different parts of the game, rubbish!!!"
76561198006870266,Recommended,231430,8126911,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Sabra,"Very, very good RTS game. The developers keep it fresh with balancing units over time and adding content. This game is nowhere P2W how some ppl claim it. New commanders just bring fresh air to game for some small fee. Design of small DLCs is really in way how it should be done. Campaign is not that great in my opinion as in vanilla CoH, but its still enjoyable with nice story. Theatres is just nice bonus for long winter days ;)MP is actually the main part of game and i really like it. You can either play casually with friends/randoms or push through the ladders. Game is getting better with every patch."
,Recommended,231430,8381202,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ＩＡ,"Since when did I own this game?yeah to put it into perspective, apparenly I owned this game before I bought it today (31st of December)http://puu.sh/6ZdUg.png"
76561198006796622,Recommended,231430,8004818,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,ivanprskalo,"It is worthy sequel, game is evolving every day, and those Comander system is awesome.I just wish that Americans and English are included, for fun sake, only in multiplayer off course..."
,Not Recommended,231430,22553379,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Painless,"Total cash grab.  I can't recommend this game to anyone.Just received a 1.2 Gb patch, filled with community made skins that Relic wants you to pay for!!It's time to uninstall this pig.  I think this will be my last Relic game."
76561198015453329,Recommended,231430,8404053,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,DeceiveR  326,awesome game and now very cheap
76561198006575302,Recommended,231430,8357716,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,SolpacWarrior,This game is one of the best designed and balanced recreations ever. It is superior to COH1 is terms of play balance and overall execution of the concept. These people know how to do RTS.
76561198005637636,Not Recommended,231430,23839936,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SoulRiver,"great game, but it is shown in the company of the Soviet Union ... disgusting, fully inverted story, it's not a game, and false propaganda"
76561198009040163,Recommended,231430,8385198,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,YellowNinja5,Awesome!
,Recommended,231430,8543289,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Gentleman Caller,"Gameplay mechanics are vastly improved over COH1, line of site, blizzards, deep snow and mud make for incredible new aspects.  Commanders are not pay to win as many claim, stock commanders win, it's all in how you play the game.  Pay DLC is completely optional in multiplayer, many offer great new strategies but are easily countered against competant players.  The game has many similarities to COH1 that give it the same familiar feel while offering new twists and turns to make it a worthy sequel.Most of the complaints stem that the game is not exactly like COH1, and it shouldn't be.  Definitely my favorite game out there today."
,Recommended,231430,8564275,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Bacher,Endless hours of challenging gameplay. Well worth the money.
,Recommended,231430,8776244,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Hentai Senpai,gg i love this game
,Not Recommended,231430,30630598,Posted: 19 March,all,raebodep,garbage
76561198051514398,Recommended,231430,13786501,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,JohnTheGreat,"I'm not a fan of Company of heroes combat system at all, it's very basic and all you do is infantry spam to win. I do like the theme of the game though."
,Not Recommended,231430,22570197,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Zebra Cakes,"Great game marred by terrible balance and really shameless Pay2Win hyper expensive DLC. Seriously, the commanders alone, if you bought them all, would cost you over a hundred dollars, and many of them are mandatory if you want to be competitively relevant. Even the non-gameplay stuff like skins is exorbitantly priced(Really, Relic? 25 dollary-doos for a small skin-pack for vehicles while on SALE? 35 when not? What are you smoking?). It's DLC scheme would make even EA, Activision, and Ubisoft blush. There's a 'war spoils' system where you can supposedly pick up the content for free in random drops, but the drops are few and far between, and more often than not are copies of content you already had(I have 3 copies of a USF commander I ALREADY PAID FOR. In fact I have a copy of almost every USF commander, when I've paid for every one.), with no way to trade them with other players, or means to convert your copies into something useful. Between that, and the absolutely ridiculously high pricing of commander DLC that will have you paying the pricing of an entirely new game(Heck, a bundle of two new commanders costs more than CoH2 itself does while on it's routine sale.), there's no real incentive to buy DLC.Well, except for one: The game balance. This is some of the worst balance I've seen in an RTS. When they decided to make the move from the system of the previous game by having many, many more commanders, they forgot that they have to actually make all the commanders unique AND relevant. What you get instead is tons of reused assets, tons of gimmicky garbage that breaks the mechanics of the game, and a system of balance built entirely around seeing who can out-cheese their opponent with the latest flavor of the month unit-spam, sim-city, or exploitation of some poorly tested ability or dooms-day tank. Every other month or so, a set of new commanders is introduced with little to no testing(Or perhaps, intentionally made overpowered). These commanders are either outright broken by introducing units/mechanics that totally circimvent intended counters, or are designed in a way that an otherwise underpowered and broken faction(In the sense that they underperform/are gimped) HAS to use them in order to be relevant. And like clockwork, after Relic has collected their shillings for a month or so and DLC sales finally slow down, they nerf these commanders and prepare the next batch.It's a crying shame, because underneath all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, this is a game that is fun, and has a lot of potential. The cover mechanics are fun, combined arms are fun, the soft-realism makes it accessible to people that aren't the greatest at RTS games, The low learning curve makes it easy to get into, and it straddles a middle-ground where both RTS casuals and enthusiasts can have fun and feel competitive, while bridging two extremes in the genre of Starcraft and Men of War into a game where both sides can enjoy themselves.A lot of what makes this game great is marred horribly by the poor balance, the bucking of it's own damn mechanics by devolving into unit blobbing and running across open ground, the horrible DLC implementation, And the horridly skewed level of diversity and attention to detail between the Axis faction and the Allies faction(It's no secret that Relic are tremendous Wehraboos. One look at either side reveals that Axis gets far, far more unit diversity and aesthetic, while factions like USF feel lazy, slapped together, and chock-ful of reused assets.)I'd say, if you are really looking for an RTS with a live community that is easy to get into, pick this up on sale for no more than 12 bucks. Otherwise, don't waste your time, get Men of War instead."
76561198008872166,Recommended,231430,7743921,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Scrutinizer,"As an approximately 1000+ CoH ingame hours player, I'd definitely recommend this. The game mechanics have not changed that much, yet you can feel a breath of fresh air here. The multiplayer is fun and intense and IS a focus of this game (even though the single player campaign (and theater of war scenarios) is very solid as well, offering about 50 hours of gameplay. Keep in mind that this game is still being worked on (rebalancing, stability) and is being constantly improved with every patch release. CoH also needed a few patches to get truly going.The price though is a bit steep, so wait for any upcoming sales (Christmas within reach) and get it. For a WW2 games fan, it's a must have. For any RTS lover, it's a must have. Recommended."
76561198055439485,Recommended,231430,8338386,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Paralegal Beagle,"Amazing sequel of amazing game, recommended =)"
,Recommended,231430,8003675,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,⚜Ragarnoy,ZA RODINUZA STALINA
76561198027285688,Recommended,231430,7981850,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,8Two,great game but needs higher manpower cap and german pios need demo.russian pios need to be able to build  mg emplacements
76561198010830589,Recommended,231430,8236559,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dirty  Turk,Best game ever! worth every penny
76561198045031693,Recommended,231430,8300352,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Don Corleone,"This game is amazing, i love all the detail and mechanics invovled, truly marvelous"
76561198060178680,Recommended,231430,8334023,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,p.bamburov,Very nice game :)))
,Recommended,231430,8287528,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Just Zeke,...
,Recommended,231430,8226192,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,koloski,"I just really like real time tactical games.   I loved the first starcraft when it came out years ago, but then games like COH 1 came along and changed what an RTS means to me.  Less units, little companies to control, rather then right click and mass produce.You have to think in this game, you have to use cover, you have to know when to retreat.  Your units level.  All in all one of my favorite RTS games ever made.  I was a big fan of the warhammer 2k games made by relic as well.Only drawback, I really don't want to play with the Russians or Germany.  I liked to play as the Allies of USA or England in the old game.  Here is hoping for some new nations to play with please...Update ---Well, As you can see I've logged alot of hours in this game.  This is a fantastic game and nobody does real time strategy better then Relic.  I don't care that they add DLC.  I want them to keep developing on this game and if I have to buy things for that to happen its ok.The USA, Brits are excellent additions to the game.  There simply hasn't been a better RTS game ever made.  True Sight if fantastic, the balance the game frequently.  The game has a good eb and flow to it.  Graphics still look good today.I want a COH3 and a DOW3.  Come on relic do it...."
76561198049733553,Recommended,231430,8223421,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,RADEON R-9,good game
,Not Recommended,231430,30971734,Posted: 5 April,all,=WnA= Kagga,Aids
76561198115461907,Recommended,231430,9933544,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Maw2812,a very good improvement from the original
76561198018144039,Recommended,231430,9891442,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,WolffenSStein,"Dope game, it really sucks you in once you get good at it. The good: fun and addictive gameplay, a lot of fun can be had on the intense multiplayer. The bad: gameplay can be a lot deeper than it currently is; annilate needs to be a multiplayer option. Hopefully western front will fix everything."
,Recommended,231430,8732558,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,ColOfPopcorn,decent
76561198041872738,Recommended,231430,8740717,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Royal Underpants,very good game
,Recommended,231430,8769430,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,stalkerSRB™,"hell yes! 11,89€ now thats a cheep price for this sweet game"
,Recommended,231430,3531821,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,NoKilling-GO-VEGAN,If you like RTS games   you will love this..... this game is as good as COH 1  but you might sometimes pay once 3 dollars  for a new unit (DLC)
76561198025223206,Recommended,231430,3610707,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,BackStabbath,GREAT GAME. BEST GAME EVER. JUST PLAY IT BUY IT GAME IT.
76561198369789172,Not Recommended,231430,31895254,Posted: 21 May,all,-HOI-PauL.a.D,no chinese bad. story fked ruissan bad. Lots of bug bad.Balance are bad! totally bad game !!!
76561197973392158,Not Recommended,231430,22789274,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Vylon,"The price is a joke, gtfo. No game is worth this amount of money."
76561197960403751,Recommended,231430,20635,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,~}A{~TF2,"Bigger.  Better.  Louder.  Amazing.  Come for the amazingly engrossing atmosphere, gameplay, music, voiceovers, etc., etc., stay for the so-called ""controversy"" that is the single-player story.  Spades are spades, and all that.  BUY IT!!!"
,Recommended,231430,12409193,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,123,BUY IT.
,Recommended,231430,19482144,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,DonLakonchinno,THANK YOU FOR MOVEMBER MR. DUFFY!
76561198101338792,Not Recommended,231430,10770050,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Thaifighter66,"The game is really laggy and unplayable, a total waste of money"
76561198079465426,Recommended,231430,8357097,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,FailingHD01,very fun multiplayer
76561198023926655,Recommended,231430,8662921,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Mumrik,"I did not have high expectations about the 2nd game of the excellent franchise. But when I started playing I was trilled. It really has a lot of new things. Yes, it is still like CoH, but with extra balancing and tweaks, so now it all makes much more sense and you won't go thinking ""What the h*** happened"" as much as the first game. Yes the campaign is offensive, but it does not take away the fact that this really is enjoying to play."
76561198045566662,Recommended,231430,8688395,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Seen Kyle,I like it.
76561198109291645,Recommended,231430,8004724,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,mansour,GOO D GAME
,Recommended,231430,8005256,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,TheLunaticOne,its a good game for people who like  good old war time houmer and who want to fight the most horrific time of the war and who like to rebal agaist dictaters
,Recommended,231430,8766487,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,No.9,"Guys, it's a great game, believe me!Don't listen to whiners - most of them are Russians (yeah, campaign is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and deserves 1,8 on Metacritic but this game is good not because of campaign) and COH1 fans (I played both games a lot, COH1 is slightly worse in multiplayer, there is no any COH1 balance mistakes in COH2, Relic fixed'em all).COH2 has great co-op missions and very interesting competitive multiplayer - I love it and wish you the same."
,Not Recommended,231430,10211179,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,combatadam,"this game will consistantly, make you want to throw your computer, out of a top floor window! do yourself a favor and just say no"
76561198032601106,Not Recommended,231430,9304921,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,ObamaGay,"Lags, bad balance, antirussian"
,Recommended,231430,8284011,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Reinhard Heydrich,Great game very fun gameplay but the campaine is fun but not anything special :D multiplayer 4TEH WON
76561198012633111,Recommended,231430,8349387,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,TheFrazergamer,Just a really good Game :)
76561198004073685,Recommended,231430,8316879,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,tomR!!!,"I am Russia, very cute and sex.10/10"
76561198030539604,Recommended,231430,8284514,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,the anvil,its good rly good what are you doing reading this for go get it
,Recommended,231430,17929375,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,☩♚Skipper™♚☩,"Kids version of MoW, good game but too easy and arcadey (if that is even a word)."
76561198088472824,Recommended,231430,11966169,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,DeadShot,"Best Strategy Game , Try it !!!"
,Recommended,231430,25171526,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Generalfeldmarschall b0r4k,"Excellent game, huge variety of units and strategies the re is no match is like the previous one addictive and fun to play or troll whatever you want.100000000000000/10"
,Recommended,231430,8735160,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Trobsmonkey,"I am admittedly dissapointed in how this game is setup. The get the best items in game you have to pay. Many of the armored vehicles are not even available without paying for a commander or committing many hours to unlock those in game.I do not like being nickle and dimed like some Facebook user though. Keep the DLC to expansions and cosmetic items. Since commanders are a core item of the game, do not charge for them!All of that being said. The game is a lot of fun. Unless you pay for the better commander I do suggest you stay away from Multi-player."
76561198016170682,Recommended,231430,7950464,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Stav,its a good game addicting but needs more love from community
,Recommended,231430,7934866,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Panzerjager,"Good game, i would reccomend it. My only issue is that in the DLCs the difficulty settings dont mean ****. Literally, playing on easy on a mission is equal to playing on hard on another."
76561198024511574,Recommended,231430,7984917,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Woofer90,The time has come for mother russia to show all of its power on one of the best RTS games of our generation.
,Recommended,231430,8238966,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Sgtmackenzie,"Excellent game, well worth it at full price, though I will likely wait on a Steam Sale.   It has more polish than Men of War and other similar RTS WW2 games and the coop modes are a blast, playing with friends or through the in-game match maker.    Weather conditions affect your troops, and it takes more strategy than just the run of the mill resource collection."
,Not Recommended,231430,23851632,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,GrubGrub,This is possibly the worst game I have ever played.
,Not Recommended,231430,13093680,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Isaac NOOTON,Not what I expected it is pretty boring to play and the optimization isn't good. It lags on an MSI gaming series... EDIT: It looks pretty awesome on the screenshots and videos but didn't satisfy my expectations.
,Recommended,231430,8762218,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,oOBulletsponge,"Bought this on sale for $13, it's fun with qualities of the old one but I'll go ahead and say if I payed full price for this I'd be disappoint."
76561198031046038,Recommended,231430,13000466,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Tarkev,"coh2 is some good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Like it's predecessor, if you want a strategy game that makes every induvidual infantryman feel important then this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,231430,29967955,Posted: 16 February,all,Kami,"I really liked the first CoH and often played it, but I just dont like this.the pathfinding and overall hud are just wacky. idk. dont buy it."
,Not Recommended,231430,30670183,Posted: 22 March,all,ɯɹoʇsןıɐɥ,plz nerf brits omgwtf!!1111
,Not Recommended,231430,22556428,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,[JTG] Jack,"To be honest, Company of Heroes 1 is much better. The game is more enjoyable, the campaign is so much better and the game is better for mods.This game is just a money grab. To get the campaign, you have to pay. To get skins, pay. To get commanders (which suck by the way), pay. They even made it so the community start to put their work in to the game via constant competitions so they can charge for them instead of being on the workshop.As for gameplay, its not much different from the first game, just snow and ice effects are the only new things. There are less units and maps.Just buy the first game, its cheaper and you get more for your money. This game just sucks."
76561198088064016,Not Recommended,231430,29764656,Posted: 7 February,all,如此美好,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα中国玩家顶起来
76561198024303358,Not Recommended,231430,12590875,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Jim Door,Love the series.This game sucks.Just mindless grindingNo intersting story line♥♥♥♥♥♥ GraphicsDifficulty unenjoyableSave your money and pass on this krap fest.
76561198034737124,Recommended,231430,11685217,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,The Outlaw (In Poland),"Another good solid Company of Heroes title in my opinion. The game play is smoother than the first and graphically it is better with more intense battles which a PC upgrade may be needed if your system only just copes with the first one to be honest. I feel this version is more like the men of War franchise though, the first had missions from various nations with lots of features and set missions which inter link with what actually happened in the war. This one being based upon Russians only like the Men of War series and the battles are random and sparadic. You are lucky enough to get some help from the Polish resistance in a couple of missions later on which makes the game slighlty more varied and interesting.This game has a few new features - in game which make it slightly more interesting than the first one, like more options, better call in reinforcements and units. This one is also more faster paced unlike the first one which was varied between intense battles and scouting the enemy as 101st Airborne in the mid of night. There are some slower missions on this game but they don't really seem worth it barign in mind most of the game is seeing thousands of Russians being blown to pieces by hundreds of Germans and then the Germans being blown up by several thousand more Russians.Hopefully this game is not taking the same route as Men of War and start making it look like the war was only fought by Germany and Russia and eventually the main campaigns are just cheap knockoffs of multiplayer maps!8/10"
,Not Recommended,231430,30058393,Posted: 20 February,all,Freakydemon,Goebbels would be proud.
,Not Recommended,231430,18011055,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Jiang Ziya,"Along with the false representation of what Soviet Red Army did in Eastern Front, I will sum up the majority of this game :Pros :+ ""bears"" Company of Heroes nameCons :- the graphics are poor for 2013 standard yet..- the performance is abysmal- the publisher chooses to make this software as a cash cow rather than quality game- it is a typo perhaps, this game should be named as Company of DLC 2- the campaign story is a joke- the voice actor is like cheap 90's war movie- Dumbed down version and arcadey compared with the first COH- No performance patch whatsoever even at 2016, 3 years after the game released !Conclusion : Don't buy this game, instead play or if you haven't have COH1, buy it ! COH1 is a true masterpiece and one of the greatest RTS in history. But, COH 2 ? utter garbage.Every games that SEGA publishes is always an unoptimised, dumbed down games plagued with DLCs like Aliens: CM; Total War series; and now this. I really not recommend all of you to purchase this at full price, this applies for every SEGA published games. You'll thank me later for this advice."
,Recommended,231430,7869530,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Ran,Really good game!
76561198015589318,Not Recommended,231430,22858809,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Timmiiii,Grotesquely overpowered enemies
76561198088932500,Recommended,231430,12861081,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Smile | V.Š.,"After hundreds of hours playing this game, I can say with confidence that this is one of the finest RTS games on the market right now. If you love WW2 and a good gaming experience - this is the game for you.The game does have some slight balancing issues, but the staff at Relic are working hard to make the balance perfect.Overall, one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,231430,15099228,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,sheepdog2142,Overall a soild game.Pros:Great graphics with some good gameplay enhancemnts like view angels for tanks.Steam Workshop support with over 100 maps and really solid mods such as spearhead and Iron Front 1944Longer enagament ranges than coh1Cons:Less units for each faction than COH1To many micro transactions and the devs wont let modders bring in new vechials and units so they can rake up the money.Always online or no commanders. That means no call in.Overall:I thought this game was horrible when it first relased but the devs have steped it up and made a solid RTS. With less units and the devs blocking modders from making new units and textures to put into the game I am hesianting on the recomending this game to people. There is allot of Solid DLC content tho such as new factions and amazing singleplayer stories with much more on the way.
76561198028164920,Recommended,231430,8489021,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Wurzelsepp,"Oh well, lots of people ♥♥♥♥♥ig about the game. Thou i am rly not happy about how the DLC is delivered this game still is a blast and quite a challenge in MP. Every game resolves different and there is more depth to it than most would admit. Same as the first part i always come back cause no game delivers RTS mayhem like this one. Of course thumbs up. Noobz will be Noobz and Haters gona Hate...If u love RTS and dig this game and are a eager PvP nerd this sequel is worth every single cent."
76561198115289962,Recommended,231430,9062053,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Futureshock247,"Great Game, really enjoyed it. Picked it up in the steam sale last year. Looks great, atmosphere is gritty and was pretty challenging on later levels."
76561198057438629,Not Recommended,231430,15786719,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,"""TIGER_BLAST""","This is the worst strategy game ever made , has 0% historical truth has 0% balance , but has 100% RNG . This game contains RNG only everything is RNG even moving your units is RNG not to menchen the balance which is horrible ( cause all allied units suddenly come from some kind oh Hollywood film and are incredebly OP ) I DONT recomend this game . It even shouldn't be called real time strategy , it should be called real time RNG . And also im not talking about the price of this peace of **** and its DLC's , wich are super overprised. And itspeacally about relik itself those lieyng ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s can't'fix or promise anything . I've played it much enough , and i really have enough of this random RNG , false promisses , and 0 balance , 0 historical balance ( i understand game is not 100% based on it but ATLEAST could made the King Tiger unpenetratable from front by Zis-3 ) This is the least ''strategy'' game i would recomend , better spend money wisely , not  like i did , and i bet many others also!"
76561198007458688,Not Recommended,231430,9260061,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Xelcreep,cheater's heaven
,Recommended,231430,8625241,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Alitererende Alliteratie,"If you don't like a steap learning course, then DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. If you do not like an all powerfull AI, then do not buy this game. If you do not want to pay top dollar for all DLC, ...If you do not mind all of that, this truly is an awsome game. Its just packed with dlc.immensly fun to play with friends and quite addicting."
76561198076120827,Recommended,231430,10027862,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,GalacticAngle,"This one of my first Rts games, and I really liked. It's kinda Pay to win, but I can still manage to win without even buying extra commanders. :)"
,Not Recommended,231430,30962748,Posted: 5 April,all,João,"The campaign is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Thank you for this game, Goebbels fans. Developers can make a suicide. Thank you in advance the Nazis for dis..."
76561197962743230,Not Recommended,231430,15096676,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,leeroy jenkins,"Nothing wrong with the game, but the purchasing system is way too confusing. I don't know what I own, as steam tells me I already own it when I click purchase. SORT IT OUT!P.S. 10/10 Game is awesome!"
,Recommended,231430,18715866,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,[1st Vistule] Mandingo,"Company of Heroes 2 is a fun game, and with varity if you get the DLCs for around £10 on sale.Company of Heroes 2 as a Successor to Company of HeroesCompany of Heroes was a game of the same style and gameplay. Company of Heroes had four factions, and focused on the Western Front. The Change to the Eastern Front was good and refreshing, with a good campaign as the Soviet union - a different Style of play than seen in Company of Heroes made the game worth playing. Company of Heroes 2 has five factions, all of which have different and varied play styles for many hours of gameplay. Company of Heroes' online was well balenced with no microtransactions or the need to buy Generals and the cards and such. You chose from Three Doctrines. The System in Company of Heroes 2 makes gamplay Varied, and you can unlock them for free, but slightly anoying when it came down to the ""powerup"" which you could start with, for example 3% more accrucy for the Spandau. This feature was a letdown because the game could be a little more ballenced without it and seems highly unnessacery.Company of Heroes 2 as a Game worth your timeCompany of Heroes has a fun, and varied campaigned where you play as the Soviet Union from Stalingrad all the Way toBirlinwhich would take several hours to complete. The Online is fun if you play with the right people and you know what you are doing. This is a very fun game with friends, especially playing custom maps or playing a co-op scenario. Once I played on the Map Afgan with Four friends deffending against the AI for almost 5 hours in one sitting. When played with friends against others is also fun when you are communicating and working together to obliterate your enemy. The five factions work well in conjunction with eachother and make playing online with friends even more fun. The American Campaign is also a fun, different expeiance, but only really worth the price on sale.Company of Heroes 2 as a a Business modelCompany of Heroes 2's business model is quite apalling to say the least. The publisher Sega gets every producer it works with to produce DLCs to get more money for example unit and factions pacts from this games as well as Creative Assembly's Total War series. My previous review of this game focused solely on the business model, therefore recieving a poor0 of 4 people (0%) found this review helpful.Only buy DLCs if you really want them, or they are on sale and avoid microtransactions in any game Sega publish.The Verdict - 7.5/10"
76561198102339094,Recommended,231430,8000066,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,dudu-ae-,best game ever
,Recommended,231430,7933746,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,TheMightyCthulhu,"The same game as CoH 1, except with atmospheric snow mechanics, a new commander system (arguably not such a good addition), better graphics, and the Soviets. CoH 1 was the best RTS ever created - CoH 2 is a close 2nd. It doesn't quite match up to the 1st, but is still supremely fun.Edit: After 100 more hours in-game, I thought I'd update my previous review. I still feel the gameplay is largely similar to CoH1, though after spending lots of time in CoH2, it's quicker, and more responsive. Unit preservation is still important, but not AS important as CoH1. This is actually a good thing, though at first I thought it bad, as now, if you lose the first engagement of the match, you don't basically auto-lose.Relic has continued to support CoH2, and recently released the Western Front Armies expansion, and are soon to release an expansion based on the Battle of the Bulge. Their many patches have changed the game only for the better, with more of an emphasis on infantry combat being added, and a general re-work of things like HMGs and armour. Kudos to them for being active in their game's community.This is still a great game, though I still believe not quite as good as CoH1. I just hope Relic continues to release content pertaining to the Eastern Front, and don't lose focus and only concentrate on the Western (which was already done in CoH1)."
76561198049393637,Recommended,231430,7965894,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,bvdberg,This game leaves all Command & Conquer clones lightyears behind!
76561198070669611,Recommended,231430,8231325,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Iam /// Miley,"Well, the game is great and the gameplay reminded me alot of the last COH just with a few tweeks, and of course thats not a bad thing, because i love COH!"
,Recommended,231430,8259559,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,xIXI_RAMBO_IXIx,Awesome game!!!!
76561198085782061,Recommended,231430,8278198,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,ryguy,I absolutley love this game. I highly reccomend it for anyone who loves RTS and WW2.10/10
,Recommended,231430,8577526,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Josh_M8,"Welcome, commander, are you ready for unbalanced sides, laggy battles and commanders that cost $2 so the richiest person can b unstoppable and while you after paying $60 has to pay $2 for a better commander to b balanced with your enemy if he/she has bought  1"
76561197993601253,Recommended,231430,7939393,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,eaapilot,"If you loved COH 1, get this game.  I hesitated because the metascore was so low and that is usually a bad sign.  The game is great and very addictive.  It is quite similar in fuction to COH 1 so if you were just luke warm on that one, you should pass.I will admit the campaign ""story"" was a big disappointment.  The individual challenges were good but the ""plot"" missed the mark for me.I like the downloadable add on content.  This allows them to push out new  content to add new challenges.  I haven't played COH 1 once since I bought COH 2 so that tells you a lot."
,Recommended,231430,8496946,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,EXPERTSBaoLiang,its gud
76561198030762242,Recommended,231430,7935538,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,FirestormMk3,"Company of Heroes 2 is a great follow-up to the hugely successful and influential Company of Heroes.  In this installment gamers are taken to the Eastern Front in the battle between the Soviet Union and Germany.  Like the first CoH before its expansions, the campaign is Allies only.  There are a number of challenge maps, both single-player and cooperative, on each side.  But the single player experience is really about prepping gamers to play online.A number of changes have been made to the formula of CoH.  For one, resource points are no longer set, but can be assigned when captured.  That is to say all strategic sectors generate manpower to the group that captures them.  While the uses of the three main resources are the same, players gain munitions or fuel by locking down a point, which allows fights to be over more than a few critical sectors.  On the other hand its makes starving the armor-heavy German faction of fuel a much more difficult ordeal.Line-of-sight rules have had an overhaul.  Now instead of units simply having a fixed vision radius it is affected by terrain and obstructions.  This means that infantry can't see over walls and your tanks won't know what's on the other side of that large building.  With some of the hilly or forrested maps this has brought ambush tactics to the forefront.  Such infantry tactics are neccesary to secure a Soviet victory.  This is especially true since inexplicably tanks traps are no longer in the game.  Now that armor can't be bottlenecked reconnosance and hidden flanking units must be used totheir fullest.As of the time of this writing, while the balace has improved significantly over lauch, it is not balanced nearly as well as its predecesor.  I do not think this ruins the potential of the game, as I'm sure that early adopters of the first CoH will remember the years it took to balance that game and the rebalancing that was needed with the additional factions of Opposing Fronts and units from Tales of Valor.  The trend has been towards a more well balanced game.Rather than major expansions it seems that CoH2 is opting for a model of incrimental DLC.  Packs of a few new commanders (which function like trees in the first game) and units are being sold piecemeal.  I expect that if there will be any major DLC or expansions it would be the addition of a new faction.  However as an Eastern Front game that seems difficult and unlikely.  Factions from the Western Front would be out of place (and are covered in the first game) and there is little room for the small-scale tactical ground wars in the Pacific theatre.Bottom line is if you liked the first CoH I see no reason why this shouldn't be a no-brainer.  As long as you remember that the first game wasn't balanced overnight you can have a lot of fun hours playing this game!"
76561197989068648,Recommended,231430,8006274,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Death,Well I love world war 2 game's this company of heroes 2 are best game ever you should get this now
76561198006533205,Recommended,231430,8258899,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Valkohai,A great sequel. Good single player and superb maps to slug it out in the snow/mud in multiplayer.
76561198068620673,Recommended,231430,8756072,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Bernard Montgomery,good game
76561198032329522,Recommended,231430,7921048,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Stealthyboy,"super ♥♥♥♥ing buggy for me... idk why, but i did get a chance to play it on a different account, and it was ♥♥♥♥ing AMAZING!"
76561198039085931,Recommended,231430,8007042,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Pskov,Excellent game although i still prefer the original CoH
,Recommended,231430,8262540,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Dalby,"exellent RTS, DLC should have been included already though. esp commanders: it is not fair in a multiplayer match unless you buy them yourself..."
76561197973653336,Recommended,231430,8230485,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,FrustrateHead [TH-Team Pruyuth],"The First Company of Heroes is one of the best strategy game that i loved so far, and the next wave of my favorite's series has been arriving to sequal in the Eastern Frontline. Frankly this game still using all the great things features that making this series still in my heart but frankly again... it wouldn't be changing at all to greater. Just added Soviet, and snow maps and weather system that's Company of Heroes 2, you're looking to it. anyway this game still good and can't miss for all of you."
76561198085358368,Recommended,231430,7887375,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Alexander the Great,its a great strategy game with amazing graphics
76561197987527623,Recommended,231430,8688434,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Grictalio,"Here it is, Compant of Heroes 2. It had a lot to live up to, considering the legacy of CoH, CoH:OF, and (if you are a fan of Relic games in general) Dawn of War, and it does not disappoint.Simply said, it is one of the most intense and layered RTS games I have played since... Well, Company of Heroes (the original)."
76561198008138656,Not Recommended,231430,23905575,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,AlucarD70 [Be],"My God, why did i bought that game. Ardenne Assault is the worst game i have ever played in the COH series. It's irrationel dufficult (was playing medium level), unfair (bad balanced), borring (captur points, 40% of the game) and all this makes this game very frustrating. There is no fun in playing such a game when you have your ennemies in the Capture Points that have much more abilities to produce faster, more powerful  (automatic guns) and in such a quantity you can't produce in a short time. I have so much other things on my mind about this game like the save game, witch adds another level of difficulty to this game. You only have 1 save game file and can only save each time you leave the game. Very dissapointed about that game.  I almost asked for a refund because i had no pleasure in playing that game."
,Not Recommended,231430,9810523,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Ziggy Stardust,"Same old c**p as CoH which was brilliant,but seriously,this game is just a copied version of CoH with Russians -.- .If you really want to try out the game,try to get it while its on sale at least 50% otherwise its a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,231430,11306431,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,ThePickler,"Game itself is good, has a lot of strategic elements and a good cover system and if it used propertly can change the outcome of battle. The problem whith the game is historical inaccuracy where for saving a commander officer a soldier would get shot where in reality he would be awarded a medal. In my opinion as supporters of capitalism, relic really dislike the Soviet Union and always try to antagonize them."
76561198057701442,Not Recommended,231430,9306976,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Flakonchik,"пока один негатив,потратил деньги а игры не видел еще ни разу,проще пиратки накачать и играть хотя бы компанию!"
76561197989696848,Not Recommended,231430,30163976,Posted: 25 February,all,vic,worst game i ever played. I love  the first one of coh . COH two did not improve anything but change it to this  wierd♥♥♥♥♥♥SEGA thanks for ruin this game for me. I will never buy anygame made by this company ever again.
76561198011044397,Recommended,231430,9885259,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Railingo,"Company of Heroes 2 is a solid real-time strategy game. I can now say this game is better then CoH1.I personaly enjoy this game it is:Fun and challenging.Good graphics, wonderful sound.Stable! I don't remember it ever crashing on me.The cold weather is interesting and well done.I love the feel of the armies. Each fights diffrently.Downside would be:CoH2 is more expensive then CoH1. It has a lot of DLC content.You have two starting armies: The Soviets and The Wehrmacht. The other armies: The US Forces, The German Oberkommando and The British Forces are ""Sold Separately"" and if you want to play them you will have to buy the armies.There are side campaigns that are for sale. They're interesting, but not necessary. You would want a friend that also has them for the co-op missions because it's a pain fighting along side a computer, or (sometimes) worse a random person. Yes people can be much worse then a Hard computer...Also Commanders are diffrent, and there are a lot more to choose from. Instead of only ""Infantry, Airborne and Armor"" Each commander has a spread of abilities, and there are commanders for sale. *Cough*$3.99*Cough*The good news is you start with three useful commanders that pull their weight. And you can also earn commanders and intel (basicly small buffs) well playing for hundreds of hours.Inspite of all of it... You can buy only the base game and still have fun. If you are a good leader you will be a force to be reckoned with, and you will crush the lesser commanders that bought all of the DLC thinking it would give them an edge only to find out they still suck, and it won't help them."
,Not Recommended,231430,17698809,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,mouzi,Buggy and more expensive version of the original Company Of Heroes. Save some money and skip this game.
,Not Recommended,231430,12517628,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,StealthyJoe,"DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! I love RTS games especially about WWII, but this was horrible. All this game is is downgraded Men of War, none of the soldiers can hit♥♥♥♥♥♥they miss every damn shot. Also soldiers can charge into machine guns without dying or being supressed. 3/10"
,Recommended,231430,11938383,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Chubboruski,Fun for the whole family
,Recommended,231430,23741887,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Fuggledorf,First game with my #1 pal we won and we absolutely destroyed the AI enemy we completely destroyed their base and there was tons of explosions.This game is glorious.
,Recommended,231430,16084183,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,CyberGuru,Greatest WWII RTS game EVER.  Period.
,Not Recommended,231430,23919364,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Andrew,"I don't review often, but the pacing and balance in this game is just not on the same level as company of heroes 1. The units are slow, the commander abilities aren't as fun, overall its just a less dynamic game. Buy company of heroes 1."
76561198086295900,Not Recommended,231430,14461200,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,NumNutz,"Bought this game, played it for a couple of hours today I am trying to play it and its saying I need to purchase it? wtf is this games great. this isnt."
,Recommended,231430,8507822,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Kramer,highly addictive for the ones who are in to world war II.
76561198077589307,Recommended,231430,7960720,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Agent x-13,"Hands down my favorite game of all time. Some people didn't like this one as well as the first, but as for me, I like it better. The winter blizzards aren't my favorite, but you don't have to play the winterized maps if ya don't want to. I really like the addition of the commanders and the bulletins. All in all just a great game!"
76561198004779304,Recommended,231430,7969270,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,rhinoman4,very good game fellows
76561198020167636,Recommended,231430,9859985,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,RJ4146,very good game
76561198018949641,Recommended,231430,7889438,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Spectre 2.4,This is great!!!
76561198014181474,Recommended,231430,7947139,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,denisecllns,love the game its the best ever made.thankyou to all involved in the making
76561198095386752,Recommended,231430,7958789,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Oigroig,"Great immersive, tactical RTS game!"
,Recommended,231430,7967531,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Tichens,p
,Recommended,231430,7988274,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,CaptainCowhat,"A very excellent game and a great sucessor to COH. Multiplayer is fun,though a bit aggravating at times. good enough for me to keep playing regardless of conditions."
,Recommended,231430,7999083,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Foxtwo,"Very similiar to the original COH and very differant, overall I've enjoyed it, however the campaign is very passable and the meat is in the games multiplayer, PLAY EASY AI FIRST if your new to the series.unlike games like stracraft COH is very micro intensive in that you almost control the units directly (not like men of war though, another great RTS). so that means infantry literally cant damage a tank by shooting at it, you need to use anti tank equipment. armor penetration, misses, and a little bit of micro all come into play hereaside from that its a pretty standard RTS, more of a theatrical version of the eastern front then how things truly went down. but its a damn fun game imo and a worthy sequal to COH 1"
76561197974621586,Recommended,231430,8010257,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Randy's Gut,Payment recieved thank you: there goes my life ;/   1942/10
76561197991937918,Recommended,231430,1352323,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Big Strong Arms ©,Excellent multi-player game. Very long campaign and Theatre of war collection make the game valuable and worth the money.The weather and vision system are excellent additions to the game.
76561198002736962,Recommended,231430,8400633,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Fenrir,"Fun, but stupid that you have to pay MORE money for extra Commanders."
76561198019184310,Recommended,231430,9015970,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Dan,really good game with a lot of spammin- I mean strategy.oorah!/10
,Recommended,231430,9035487,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Ryve,Good game.  Needs a little polish.
76561198007430407,Not Recommended,231430,29683808,Posted: 3 February,all,Yoko Taro >= GOD,"Good Singleplayer.Multiplayer extremely unbalance, and also full of poeple who refuse to speak English."
,Recommended,231430,22816133,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,UrhobA T1,Strateji severlerin oynayabilcegi bir oyun en azından sıkıcı olduğu söylenemez ve vakit geçirmek için birebir
,Recommended,231430,7811496,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Wikiquik,GOOD!!!
,Recommended,231430,1314847,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,gokaycagri,Best RTS ever
,Recommended,231430,7886235,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,[?!] Tim the Alien,"this game is amazing! to me it seems to be a world war 2 edition of dawn of war, but vastly improved in all aspects. tough to play, but fun regardless!"
,Not Recommended,231430,24248321,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Stratagerm,"Warning: There is no ability to rebind keys in this game.I quite enjoyed the original COH.This is so similar it feels like paying for the same thing again. For example, some of the multiplayer maps are the same as COH,But it's worse than COH because there's no key rebinding and the main screen is mostly ads for paid DLC.Between that and the utterly tasteless writing in the single player campaign, I returned this for a refund."
76561198042011451,Not Recommended,231430,13979880,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,ANALizer,"This is uber garbage. The first one was a masterpiece, this is despicable ♥♥♥♥. The AI is so strong when against you but if you have AI allies they will basically make artillery and infantry and will do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥other than get owned by the german tanks every where. The game always ram on my pc for some reason and im well above the recommended requirements: gtx 770 msi lightning/ corsair vengeance 8gb/ intel i5 4670k oc'ed at 4.4ghz. Finally, they stick their F*CKING dlc's IN THE G0DDAMN GAME, right after launching it you see the newest dlc and a big button saying ""BUY NOW"" ""WASTE MORE MONEY ON OUR SH*TFEST""I'd ask for a refund if i could but saddly i bought it on sale a while back."
76561197976388834,Recommended,231430,14750882,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Ohnoes,Worth!
76561198039663245,Recommended,231430,17079793,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,facciola007,Great game!
76561198026234543,Not Recommended,231430,17999029,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Jackie Felix,"DlC makes the game so unbalanced unplayable, dont waste time or money in this game"
76561197968847284,Not Recommended,231430,19511832,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Massiv Igel,"nothing compared to CoH 1 , this is total crap !!!"
,Not Recommended,231430,23662798,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,WJun,Pay for Win... GG...
76561198100479383,Not Recommended,231430,23508374,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,dadigorot,DLC
,Not Recommended,231430,24234080,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,reanimatedlevo,"Much worse than the original COH. Everything is unnecessarily complicated, mouse clicks and key presses are not recognized from time to time... Would prefer a remastered COH with working multiplayer and friend list... Shame on the developers"
,Recommended,231430,8462015,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Tobius,It's actually alright 10/10 best game I've never played.
76561197970928655,Recommended,231430,7761164,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,seraphim524,"Are you interested in a historically accurate Real Time Strategy Game? Then this game is definitely not for you. The gamegrossly exhagerates certain parts of WWII to make Russians simply brutish, barbaric animals that Hollywood and the American public love to see in the movie theatres. Some may dispute this claim, but if you are interested check the unadulterated accounts of the war from the real men and women living during those times.Also, if you avoid the idiotic campaign and try other parts of the game especially the Theatre of War mode then you will get a good engaging game in the Real Time Strategy universe.In conclusion: Campaign = not recommended; the rest of the game = recommended"
,Recommended,231430,7752771,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Juzam,Feels more like an expansion. But can't get enough of it...
76561198322329360,Not Recommended,231430,29705906,Posted: 4 February,all,LucasAndHisTurtles,Not as enjoyable as CoH1
,Not Recommended,231430,34208229,Posted: 13 August,all,ロドリゴ イバン,"You need to buy the game two times to play the campaign!?!?!? That just makes no sense:""la la la la, i just bought this game, lets play it""- ON MENU -""Oh, lets play the campaign""- CLICKING ON CAMPAIGN -♥♥♥♥ OFF NOOB YOU NEED TO BUY IT AGAIN SCRUB!!!Anyway, the game is nice, but it sucks..."
76561198111748290,Not Recommended,231430,34132524,Posted: 9 August,all,Darth_Lttl,"much as I'd like to recommend this game, it's not a full game. You buy the base game, and only get the soviets and the Wehrmacht. The US, Brittain, and Oberkomando West are DLC. No Italy, no Japan, and its kind of annoying. The game is fun, but when you're cutting up the game like this, and then selling the other stuff as standalone DLC, I refuse to recommend this. Go buy the first one instead."
76561198115229730,Recommended,231430,14660946,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Lickyabogeys,Really good game BUT.. americans are so overpowered and it is is so unbalanced..you can get them down to 1 point and they can still bring it back from 480+
76561198212341699,Not Recommended,231430,29995925,Posted: 17 February,all,POOLSHARK,dunno wtf is happening most of the time
76561198071461812,Recommended,231430,9109473,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Raisen Bagels,"Amazing game, great fun. Had some reallly close calls and then made huge come backs. Haven't been many rts of late that caught my eye but this one is great!!"
,Recommended,231430,9095298,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Phoenix Trite,"7/10. A step above from CoH 1. But as for multiplayer, then I give it a 0/10. MICROTRANSACTIONS SHOULD NOT EXIST IN PAID-FOR GAMES. PERIOD."
76561197990853457,Recommended,231430,9109158,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Cardinal,I am disappointed by this game. Compared to COH this game feels slow. Its ok on snow maps but also Summer maps feel sow. Matchmaking IS NOT EXISTENT. 90% of the time I get Opponent that are way to strong. I dont like the leveling. SOmeone who plays more has an advantage from that. To many doctrine.
,Recommended,231430,9057185,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Ery,It's already 3 days i'm installing this games... poor me T____T
76561197997793385,Recommended,231430,9049408,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,PointMan,THE RTS game. Screw you SC2.
76561198073248766,Recommended,231430,9053189,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Doongie,"I have clocked about 450 hours on coh2, many of which have been within the multiplayer of the game.Thumbs up:Replay system = Very niceCapture my interest in the WW2 eraGreat cover system that rewards smart, tactical play (mostly)Great units, from tanks to infy to planesGreat commander system that adds replayability to the gameVery good, diverse factionsGreat developers (sometimes)Patches attempting to improve gameThumbs down:MUST HAVE THE LIMITED EDITIONa lot of money to get all the content such as skins, commanders Etc.However, just like any other game, it has its times when a unit may be extremely useless/good and the many bugs, but these are sometimes quickly fixed or are still presentAll in all, my love for the WW2 era has kept me very interested in this game, as well as the competitiveness of the multiplayer side. 8.8-10"
76561198099602695,Recommended,231430,9045877,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,mja_81,"I really like this game, i love ww2 games all in all. The only downside is that i miss the britts and US."
76561198067662355,Recommended,231430,9049791,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,TheKillerblake,"Great game, to play with friends, and relax in. A fair amount of content for solo, online, and even co-op play. Although if you do decide to play online, be warned that not all commanders are balanced, and you might find yourself on the receiving end of someone who bought a commander, that might just have a few not completely fair abilities up his sleve."
76561198044562543,Recommended,231430,16663645,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Hiwter G2A,Skittles and speak are ♥♥♥♥ing fagoots
76561198006068007,Not Recommended,231430,19264708,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Hewcumber,CoH2 is how you spell money grab in the dictionary. The amount of content you get for the purchase is... painful
76561198011640729,Recommended,231430,11293572,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Kim Jong Un,Eric sukcs
,Recommended,231430,10027824,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,xxShellxxShockxx,New patch = balance.  Awesome game
76561198051057794,Recommended,231430,17792871,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Your #1 Fan,No Fish A.I. 0/10 ING
76561198243635422,Not Recommended,231430,20838217,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Olive,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game no balance
76561197975265395,Not Recommended,231430,18340546,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Gismoqvack,"I bought this game and I had a lot of fun playing it, but now it is getting out of hand with more superior DLCs.  Like some certain commanders/abilities and most of all, the brittsh forces expansion pack. The new DLCs is not balanced at all and I think I speak for all axis players that it is almost impossible to win against the brittish unless you battle against a less experienced player.I would have recommended this game before, but now, not a chance. Unless you pay for all the DLCs. Then go ahead. But in my opinion it ruins the fun when the descisive factor for victory is the one who have the deeper pockets."
76561198029124089,Not Recommended,231430,20860356,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Ylinen,"It has the worst multiplayer in all of rts games i have ever played. it is easy to decide what team is going to win, The ones not playing Axis."
76561198023442101,Recommended,231430,19055633,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Jones[5thGA],After over 600 hour into this game I think have more enough have formed my opinion on this game between the various units at your disposal and true line of sight system you can more than enough surprise your enemies with a well placed machine gun or at gun you get the upper hand in a battle or cost you greatly in one as I have had this since release I can say I was there for all of the ups and downs for the game and I would say it's currently in a upward state after the latest patch to balance the Brits making it a competitive and semi-fair game as have already recommended to friends on many occasions but beware so people will trash talk in games and leave mid-game giving whatever chance you had go out the window so attempt to get friends to play online to have some fun if you find yourself in a downward spiral into defeat but some complaints is that some units are made useless by how the fractions play style is such as the soviets are an offensive fraction have maybe the best defensive units on the allies and the Germans being an defensive fraction but have an extremely offensive team units and the American fraction being aggressive but the units acts a defensive army but overall I would give this game as of now a 9/10  At release a 6/10
,Recommended,231430,18002106,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,lancer,how do you get it to work
76561198064206849,Recommended,231430,20939502,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,BallsBalls,yeah
76561198079363164,Recommended,231430,6916296,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Spodermen,10/10 this games blends my♥♥♥♥♥♥and balls with rainbows and unicorns. Buy this quick its like LSD or Shrooms. It will ♥♥♥♥in blow your mind
76561198067924933,Recommended,231430,8037010,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Trump4Prez2020,awesome game
76561198035991335,Not Recommended,231430,18647421,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Chronos,Well i definetly do not recomend this game at all graphics are ok but its same as the one before it. and multiplayer is far worse then i could possibly imagine.  Multiplayer servers are practically only against cpu with other players on your team seriously every game listed full cpu team on one side and a couple human players on other side. seems like  matchmaing needs some work or soething its boring i do not enjoy playing against a.i. multiplayer is for playing with other people and challenging other people with strategy or somehting no fun at all....
,Recommended,231430,14196254,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,DarkWolf,good game
76561198015453357,Not Recommended,231430,20147345,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,RubberEendje,"Doesn't really add upon Company of Heroes 1, except for little content in the main game and many DLC releases. Just ignore this game and buy the first CoH. It's just as good without the DLC crap."
,Recommended,231430,8426236,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,BULLETPROOFH0B0,"It's Company of Heroes...ON STEROIDS! This game is brilliant. CoH2 looks just as pretty as CoH did, back in it's day, and the added weather and environmental effects, adds a whole new depth to strategy and tactics. As we all know, balance is key in gaming; and whilst the cover system leaves a bit to be desired, especially when flanked units still seem to get cover bonuses; and some of the commander special ability units can seem a little OP; it is still very well balanced. As with the original, this is a must have for the RTS fan, who never enjoyed just spamming units to rush the enemy, and wanted a little more depth in the traditional RTS."
,Recommended,231430,8627465,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,buchweizen,"Very similar to CoH, although prettier and so far a little less varied (only two factions). Get it (on sale) if you liked the first one."
,Recommended,231430,8000550,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Boreale,#1 was better
,Recommended,231430,8495823,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,scream5669,One of the best games of this past year!!
,Recommended,231430,7903560,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Cripple.Zero,"Pretty cool - a bit different from the OG CoH, but seems pretty fun in SP Campaign.... and ... it actually has a storyline; as opposed to before, where it just linked historical facts and battles together in the campaign....MP should be pretty unique as well."
76561197971120665,Recommended,231430,8524671,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Lodaka,"Stil struggling a little to get used to the game, as it plays differently from COH1. I love the graphics and awesome game play mechanics. If you are into WWII, then this is greatly recommended. Even if not, I still recommend getting this game a try... maybe pick it up on one of those sales.There is a bit of learning curve once you get past the initial game mechanics.I am not a huge fan of commanders available through DLCs. Perhaps there will be an expansion to satisfy my appetite."
,Recommended,231430,8524822,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,That_1_Cheap_Jew,Good game.
76561197982973066,Recommended,231430,8528186,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,The Hammer,better then starcraft 2 but twice as difficult. amazing graphics and gameplay
,Recommended,231430,8586022,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Jimmy,"The game itself is excellent, like the original with just enough changes to make it feel like a new game in its own right.Surrounding the game however is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.The match making is absurdly slow at finding games and doesn't allow you to tweak your loadout while waiting. So be prepared to wait 5-10 minutes for a match while staring at the screen. The Commander loadout is a great idea however the insistance on pay to play with the best commanders is silly. So I bought this game for $90 and now I have to pay another $40 just to use all the commanders in the game? money grab and I despise it.I hope the future patches fix matchmaking slowness and allow unlocks of the commanders through gameplay.Would recommend because it really is an excellent game, deep stratergy and great atmosphere."
76561198039528326,Recommended,231430,8639012,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Ghengis Stalin,"I like the game but it is lacking some of the charm nr 1 had. Also would like to see the increase of pop cap or at least making it possible to increase it when you capture points. Casue if you play the german side you will expiriance that after gettin an at gun little infantry and maybe a tank youre out of pop cap. Same with the russians. And if you play with the russians and you run out of pop cap youre screwed. No bunkers = no way to defend = getting ran over. If these issues get fixed. Without it being a pay by credit card solution you will have a great time playing it. f not then I am afraid the haters will win, and you should only get the game if like me you liked the old one and just want to play a bit of russian side"
,Recommended,231430,8576528,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,HeadoftheINS,love it . Very fun
,Recommended,231430,7916053,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,fahadls1,GOOD  GAMEHI - LITE
76561197970235745,Recommended,231430,8602240,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Orugas,Nice WWII strategy game. I would hope the campaing should have focused on another topic rather than smearing the russian´s great effort in this war.
,Recommended,231430,7999842,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Vixxen,FOWARD COMRADS!!!!!!!!! NKVD Officer On Sight Death Before Retreat For The Motherland
,Recommended,231430,8572540,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Flumpadinkus,"Absolutely awesome, definitely worth the buy."
59305568901378294,Recommended,231430,8573924,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,LeGgEnDa,is very good game :)
,Recommended,231430,8627808,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Rugluds,One of the best RTS games even if the AI sometimes does some really crazy stuff. With the steam workshop this game has hours of endless play.
76561197989229737,Recommended,231430,8624395,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,♥†€XP€N$IV GRI££†♥,Tactical bliss
,Recommended,231430,8627378,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,nex plzz,"Buy it, Play it! ww2 alll dayyy long"
76561198079659238,Recommended,231430,8494995,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,DavidsRepublic,Absolutely amazing!
76561198060593783,Recommended,231430,11953947,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Italian Stallion,By far one of the best games of my life!!! Huge fan of the series!! Sooo much strategy i cant get enough!!
76561198052655735,Recommended,231430,11974460,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,davot,iT WOUD HAVE BEEN GREAT IF I HAD BEEN ABLE TO PLAY THE CAMPAIGN BUT IT WOULD NOT RECOGNISE I HAD PURCHASED THIS GAME
76561198065656911,Recommended,231430,11958271,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Frogurt97,"Im really liking the single player story, about halfway through now and it has been very gripping and in some parts challenging but not unbeatable on captain difficulty.An awesome game =)"
,Recommended,231430,11980675,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Window Licker v2.0,The game is good.Just don't expect any enjoyment from playing against the AI. It's not F-Zero levels of AI cheating but it's pretty damn close. By far some of the worst AI cheating in an RTS. There's no challenge when the AI is pumping out massive amounts of armor before anyone has the resources to even have a nice sized infantry force.
,Recommended,231430,9098440,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,themcrazy,its a great game
76561197999684421,Recommended,231430,10227235,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,zupa,.
,Recommended,231430,16157562,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,MAD SPEC,"The imbalance of Germany, the Soviet Union as a ♥♥♥♥ing weak. When Germany has ""Panther"", the USSR T-34. Not even 85, and 76. Cool game .10 out of 10 Adolf Hitler."
76561198005773153,Not Recommended,231430,21139611,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Killburnmk3,"Don't waste time nor money on this ""game"".Just before hitting the uninstall button happened this:I fought like a Lion with my Infantry, captured the mission targets over and over again. Turned the table time and time.All for nothing, got worst rated in the game 3 man team, while even one was afk the wohle time.Guess what, the afk artillery spaming player was showered in loot and points - I got nothing.Worst♥♥♥♥♥♥ever.Play the CoH not this second pile of trash."
89790247893630925,Recommended,231430,13765106,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,LiteUp,Great RTS...Maybe the best WWII RTS out there.
76561198079682345,Recommended,231430,13096784,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,chiefsmokealot,Nuff said
,Not Recommended,231430,8826079,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Kyle F. | Command 1,Terrible. An insult to the original and an offensive Jewish excuse for a game. Way too fast paced to be fun. And Jewish tactics are the only way to win.
76561198117550892,Not Recommended,231430,20676702,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,LoFFMan,it wont start and I cant get a refund
76561198031169814,Recommended,231430,11901399,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Hercron,Pretty cool tatical map play.  Easy to learn.  Hard to master.   Lots of stuff to try.  Also fun to play.  You can spend hours kicking but on this one.  Or lose with one stupid move.  Advice be good at multitasking.
76561197989808414,Recommended,231430,11386933,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Kerosene,"Company of heroes 2 takes much of the tried and tested vCOH, COH:Online & Dawn of War II mechanics  and ups the anti several notches. Improvements start with more dynamic battlefields with infantry vaulting, blizzards and a fog of war system intended to replicate human vision. You'll probably forget about the campaign because the multiplayer is where its at:Customisable armies and unique doctrines can mean that game flow is very different from one match to another as each player has a potentially different bag of tricks from seemingly identical armies which keeps games fresh and exciting. New USA and West German forces have very different playstyles to their Ostheer and Red army contemporaries and provided your willing to invest the time to understand the functions of the various units and factions you will doubtlessly find an army that suits your playstyle.Combat is fast, brutal and escalates organically from early infantry skirmishes to combined arms manoeuvres to full scale tank battles provided you manage to maintain control of the map. Initiating, preventing, predicting and retreating from combat is 99% of the game with flanking, cover, suppression and overwhelming firepower being key tools to maintain your advantage. Make no mistake this is not a game about economics or hotkeys for stimpacks. Company of Heroes 2 is all about making use of infantry/calvary tactics to beat you opponent. And its great fun!"
76561198014206544,Recommended,231430,11892119,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,larry_ricks,cannot get wesern front nor wehrmacht to run. it was downloaded but it does not show in my inventory.
76561198079851795,Recommended,231430,12012859,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,US-Exodia,i'ts a nice game.
,Recommended,231430,12003555,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Kael,"Company of Heroes was one of my all-time favourite strategy games and its sequel not only took the original to another level, but also expanded on already amazing franchise. This game doesn’t need any praises, as it is a testament to itself. The graphics are perfectly in tune with the mood and the style the game is going for. It is very dynamic, fast paced and even a single unit can change the tide. I’ve played many hours both in multiplayer and singleplayer and it is not uncommon to pull off a miracle recovery when the enemy is pounding your base and you spearhead him right back to his, just to claim an awesome victory. Of course the game had few bugs and issues, but they usually are quickly addressed by the developers and in all were outweighed by the positives. This game is a pure joy and if you’re fan of the genre it’s a must have! I recommend it wholeheartedly."
76561198062114341,Recommended,231430,12013659,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,the warmaster,very good and fun game
76561197974015614,Not Recommended,231430,18298720,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Giggixx,I do not reccommend this game as you will end up playing the same scenarios over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again. Very frustrating when you loose all your ability to recruit troops for no apparent reason and you are doomed. Why not just say  GAME OVER after 5 minutes and spare us the grind? I will probably still keep playing the bloody game tho..
76561198137269789,Not Recommended,231430,22581572,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,peiter555,add tell i can get the bass game i will be un happy  pad got the worng game  now i cant get    it cos i got Ardennes Assault  its bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ tells me i haet the bass game but i dont cos  i  Ardennes Assault wich is a add on
76561198044122050,Recommended,231430,21031328,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,chicks99,How I play COH2-Find a match-Make a few infantry-Send stuff I don't need on suicide missions-Capture Points-Have Russians Rekt my defenses-lose.-Base bombarded-Game 2-I go against Standard bots-I get rekt-Install mods-Rekt more-DeadGameplay:9.5/10
,Recommended,231430,13269967,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Captain_Rabbit,a god seqel for coh  and a god game
,Recommended,231430,9865367,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Dr.Gonzo,Legit RTS. A little too much pushing of DLC but whatever.
,Recommended,231430,25789833,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Der Jäger,I wish I were born in the 1920's
76561198118661928,Recommended,231430,19251499,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,HIGHHERO_,just epic 10\10
76561198058195533,Recommended,231430,8124560,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,[RLM]heroesattack,it is a great game
,Recommended,231430,14477664,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Hotel Echo Romeo Yankee,Best world war ii strategy game ever!
,Recommended,231430,14475957,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Pagan Sweyn Forkbeard,make war not love
76561198089983220,Not Recommended,231430,9082163,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Domingway,"I stopped playing this game after relics released the British army. I had over 1600 hours on this game. the reason i quited was because its pay 2 win strategy and i'm really sick of this! I've paid $100+ on this game bought almost everything relics had released except 3 paid britich comanders. However those comanders are so over powered that even if you were wining without doubt against the British, they could still turn everything over at the end!!! I'll show you an example, a crocodile can come alone and kills 3 of your AT guns and acommpanying foot troops having their men grab these AT guns turned against your tanks! that's what's happening every ♥♥♥♥ing game! Even if i play the british army,i was not pleased, in fact wining with over powered troops is a big shame!!! So bye bye COH!!!"
76561197999634872,Not Recommended,231430,18917155,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Dallas,"This would be a decent game, albeit missing some of the magic of it's prequel.  Unfortunately, it's not.  I'm running windows 7 with a GTX 980, and of half the matches I've played, I've crashed before the match completes.  Sadly, I can't rejoin the match it seems."
76561198047559410,Not Recommended,231430,30968292,Posted: 5 April,all,TheAltoonaWiseman,"Seems like the Ardennes Campaign for the Americans is Completely Broken. That is to say just wont play and crashes to desktop- Not really intrested in hearing a dozen 'Hearts of Iron 3' type workarounds just to play. Unless Your Absolutely Incredible at multiplay/spamming units, you will get slaughtered in multiplay. Also theres no Real Defense for German Armor in this Game. Meaning once Germany is able to regular pull heavy armor- its all over. Very poor attention paid to the American forces. Seems like they could have been more competitive with the other factions but arent, so if you want to play them exclusively- you're in for a♥♥♥♥♥♥time. Game just feels unbalanced anymore and now that American Campaign is just Gone, Multiplay is no longer fun- Americans just get rolled over in this Game.Used to love these games- Guess now just hold out hopes for COH 3."
76561198120651134,Recommended,231430,32160297,Posted: 3 June,all,偉大な敵,I never knew I was paying for a free-to-play microtransaction simulator.
,Recommended,231430,23890670,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Josef ☭ Steken,Starts the gameDownloads realism modBuys Churchil AVREMissclicks in my own campdestroys every building and I loose the match....10/10 would like to blow up my own HQ againEdit: Worst meme of 2016 :(
,Recommended,231430,24027786,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,TurtleHead,"""Bob's your uncle!"""
,Recommended,231430,33010894,Posted: 29 June,all,TheDrunkWolf,Played it a little...it was aight
76561198085123408,Recommended,231430,11901337,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,PassivePanda,Best RTS game ive played!
76561198172214250,Not Recommended,231430,32961121,Posted: 28 June,all,guldøllen,my game donst work i says that i dint buy it but i did
,Not Recommended,231430,25049054,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,golan,"I really enjoy the style, how it is balanced and the level design in the single player campaign. However, the pacing is horrible to the point that it completely breaks the experience for me. Fortunately, there's a mod that allows you to play the game in debug mode and at 0.25 or 0.5 speed. With that enabled through the most intense parts of the missions, it becomes both manageable and relaxing. I know what they tried to do and that a lot of people enjoy it like this, but I still wish there would be better customisation for the rest of us so we can also enjoy it even if we don't care about the multiplayer."
76561198010914163,Recommended,231430,2676768,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Beat,i would recommend this game to anyone that likes RTS games that are very in-depth!
,Recommended,231430,22561298,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,JÄGER {Concentrated-Diabetes},"So, I have read most of the reviews for this game and basically hate everyone of them. none of these reviews actually talk about the game they are all ""Sega just wants more money"" and ""Look at me cry like a babe over 10dlc I dont need to buy"".Now go ahead, buy the game. and make your own opinion because that is something only you can do. BUY THIS GAME. PLAY IT. ENJOY IT. AND DON't B*ITCH ABOUT THE♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU DONT NEED TO BUY."
,Not Recommended,231430,30338318,Posted: 5 March,all,Togelotl,A mediocre RTS with lots of microtransactions
,Recommended,231430,22768432,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Deadlocked669,lagarific get units above 300-400 and the game just cries
76561198075491202,Recommended,231430,22774331,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Papa Pingu,Build giant red army.Thousands of conscripts at your command.ooooorahhhhhhhhhh*Mg42 fire*Run ComaradeProceed to distroy THE NAZI Regime
76561198077638997,Not Recommended,231430,24363429,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Jackel197,"This game is now more broken than ever, MG42 nerfed and now every game as axis is a repeated loop of allies blobbing infantry directly at my machine gun(s) in open ground and not even pinning troops down, but allied MGs being inferior pin down axis troops on point. The Germans have been heavily nerfed whereas the allies every game is nothing but blobbing of infantry and tanks since MGs aparently dont do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore. Relic, your games isnt even strategy anymore, its just blobbing. its a pathetic excuse of a strategy game.i dont recommned this game anymore after their unbalanced updates"
,Recommended,231430,15317566,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,[ICT]DPruett2333,Great game. Multiplayer is a blast.
76561198093263917,Recommended,231430,16378412,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Jew Crew,"Although the game is not 100% equal, with the advanage going to the experienced german players, it does bring a very real sense of strategy and warfare. I persoanlly only play as the allies and have not had difficulty winning. Takes time to become good with micro. love it."
,Not Recommended,231430,17804916,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Shin_Gouki,I have D/L everything I can on here so now I have it all and I can't play the sovets nd the other race. what's up with that?
,Not Recommended,231430,17970183,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,ElPasmo,If you are a linux user you won't be able to join your friends using windows: Version mismatch.¿Seriously?
76561198139553955,Not Recommended,231430,25708145,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Kpen97  Glorious Famous Noob,"good game, still needs fixing. P2W OpieOP"
76561198013574515,Not Recommended,231430,25785733,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,nicovanbelle,Tried the tutorial twice... It bugged. The issue is known since last year so it is just the developers who do not care to fix it.
76561198057155774,Not Recommended,231430,21594601,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Roboduck CSGOGEM.COM,standard is more like ♥♥♥♥ing impossible
76561198333431349,Not Recommended,231430,25729394,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,dannyfielding172,wont load on  my computer and keeps crashing
76561198093919447,Recommended,231430,11836299,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,ItsNoMatch,"Would be awesome if i could play the Eastern (original CoH2) Armies. I purchased the Vanilla copy of CoH2 and can only play as the Western (CoH2 Expansion) Armies, even though i did not purchase the expansion. I also can not play campaign or ToW and tells me to purchase game, however when i come to the steam store it says i own the game already....."
,Recommended,231430,11805546,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,The Illusionist,Great GAME!
76561198021047453,Recommended,231430,11826429,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,╬PzAbt╬ SilentFear,"Company of Heroes 2 so far is everything i have come to expect from the franchise.Solid tactical RTS whit heavy lean on the cover and micromanagment of each unit in your army.Am i happy that i preordered the game ? Sure as hell i'm. So far i have extracted insane value of my purches. And everytime i get bored and go away for a weak - i just return even more happy to see iconic units in action obeying my commands.There is nothing more satisfing then sending few Tiger's to level down the enemy base. Or instant building wipe whit the mighty ISU-152. The game delivers in every aspect - historicly well presented and sexy as hell tanks, infantry and every manare of military hardware.The multiplayer is solid as ever and you will find that a lot of the negative rewiew's here are mostly players that wanted a winning streak from the get go. And when that didnt happen they found falt whit the game balance. Dont get me wrong - there is OP and Up units. Much like in any RTS - but the fact is - the multiplayer as a whole is well balanced and most importantly FUN.The single player campaing is also quite absorbing - showing the strugle of the red army and the transition from badly led inexpirianced fighting force whit subbar equipment into the mighty beast of the late war years.Whitch brings me to the next negative rewiew's ... A large number of russian players found tha aprouche of relic ( painting a huge and epic and quite grim strugle ) not quite to their liking and not painting the red army soldiers as saint ( instead showing them as suffering human beins ) have had a preaty nasty backlash - as can be seen in the rewiews.In short - the game is worth every penny invested in it. The single player, the theater of war and the multiplayer will last you for quite a long time."
76561198019046401,Recommended,231430,11754860,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,The Lamp,"This is a truly fantastic game. Runs great, smooth game play. I find myself avoiding winter maps but they do offer a new aspect and one that was undoubtly a key factor in many of Russia's early success. I love the addtion of new factions. I wish the prize boxes came more often but then again they wouldnt be very special if they did. BUt its a cool concept being rewarded for playing. I would absoultly LOVE the introduction of MARINES and perhaps some Japanses . An island hopping expansion would just be triffic. I wouldnt mind the abillity to built and air field  or even a ship yard to introduce Naval battles.   All and all just a fantastic game. I hope they expand even more on it. Runs triffic on my ALienware but ran good on my hp too. If your reading this thinking about buying it...do it, stop thinking about it and do. I reccomend you get all of them and start from the begining. HAve a Great Day."
76561198024468001,Recommended,231430,30728117,Posted: 25 March,all,asduc10s,hi
,Recommended,231430,31761424,Posted: 14 May,all,Ben Peep,Great game if you play with Conscripts...
,Not Recommended,231430,22579272,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Ripbud,DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR MONEY.Great game - great fun - but it's a microtranscation nightmare. Also  they apparently broke my paid for campaigns and I can no longer play without it trying to make me buy it again.Screw you Relic - you should have jacked people in version 3 not a released game.
,Recommended,231430,29980011,Posted: 17 February,all,CJ,This game worth all the money. PS i have all the dlc and i still think this.
,Recommended,231430,8927604,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,error90,One of my favorite strategy game.A good graphic and a good gameplay.And it has a very realistic environment.I recommend it. :)
76561198142714770,Recommended,231430,26749486,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Samwise Gumtree,decent.
,Recommended,231430,16395346,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,BlackJesus,cool game.
,Not Recommended,231430,18806139,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,TheChairman,Balanced by a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥. Worst asymmetrical Strategy game of the decade.
,Recommended,231430,20633286,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Artyom Donavich,You can rkt commies so hard they no longer sell the game in Russia10/10
,Not Recommended,231430,31869211,Posted: 20 May,all,Kidogas,this game is polak swinia and mow is butter then eto chranas
76561198086678796,Not Recommended,231430,19885886,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,drunreal,"Purchased the game in Steam (Linux), downloaded, installed and run, but no level/campaign can be played (all Play buttons say Purchase), so I click Purchase in game and I come back to the Steam portal which is saying I already own this game.... Brilliant. a game that can only be purchased but not played... it will obviously get a thumbs down!"
76561198006160792,Recommended,231430,32672910,Posted: 23 June,all,RexBmx,10/10 Will play again
,Recommended,231430,25706369,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Midknight Battler,"This game is godlike amazing, the graphics and animations gives me the visual ♥♥♥♥♥♥s. The strategy, combat, voice, sound effects, and visual effects are cinematic epic like levels.The only most dissapointing thing about this game is the Multiplayer, few people online, hard to find games, and constant lags and hackers ruined the multiplayer. This game should be ranked the TOP1 best strategy games of all time, instead the constant lag spikes and hacks, destroyed this wonderful game.If you want to buy, do it for the Singleplayer, its a great experience, the AI are great, but this game has a lifespan, in which would have been longer if the Multiplayer was fixed. It had its chance but it failed."
,Not Recommended,231430,4229627,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Guardian_Angel,"Thank you, Canada! You can turn Heroic Ballads into Godless Howling!"
,Recommended,231430,9796410,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,HOUSE STARK,VIEW
,Recommended,231430,22613795,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,austin1997connors,games a lot of fun its a good rts and i love that its in ww 2
76561198049506104,Recommended,231430,26143329,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,♪ Wilda Hüneto ♪,"COH 2 has made great improvements since COH, great job Relic!However, I must say the multiplayer matching is a bit dead for an epic RTS game like this - not enough people in room all the time and many rooms are occupied by afk hosts.But I would still recommend this game to all the World War 2 fans out there! A Must Buy~"
76561198063973782,Recommended,231430,23127959,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Floda Reltih,"10/10, would blob 10 conscript squads and charge them to their deaths again."
,Not Recommended,231430,31846745,Posted: 19 May,all,McClouqe,Well.. I don't like the game.Why?- The devs are stupid and won't listen to community.- Releases addons and DLC's then nerfs it after a month.- Too many scrublords in MPDon't buy it.
76561198165535838,Not Recommended,231430,33756681,Posted: 23 July,all,[ROG]Justin,I'm not a micro god
,Not Recommended,231430,33989680,Posted: 3 August,all,KOOSH  (G.E.W.P),the mods arent working how do i fix
76561198280382868,Not Recommended,231430,34463844,Posted: 24 August,all,Tigerrr,10/10 very realistic game.
76561198213885945,Not Recommended,231430,33405674,Posted: 9 July,all,TA5TY_50CK,"What the actual ♥♥♥♥ Relic. You sell me a game that says that its an multipllayer and singleplayer game, but when I try to play multiplayer you say THAT I NEED A ♥♥♥♥ING DLC TO PLAY ♥♥♥♥ING MULTIPLAYER WHEN IT SAYS THAT IT'S A ♥♥♥♥ING MULTIPLAYER GAME!!! WHAT THE ACTUAL ♥♥♥♥! RELIC, GO ♥♥♥♥ YOURSELF!!!"
76561197998414031,Not Recommended,231430,34043373,Posted: 5 August,all,Xaphnir,"The vast majority of players in multiplayer are bots.I have yet to receive a single response to anything in chat from my teammates, nor any indication that they read it."
,Not Recommended,231430,26368224,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,SuperhumanSeaman,Terrible game.
76561197960548341,Recommended,231430,9164245,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,GASK3T,never have i wanted to throw my monitor out the window for such a unbalanced game
,Recommended,231430,22561470,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,ftstani,"Continuing ReviewFive minutes into the game:Wehrmacht side: one scheisser and two schnells. There may be a los! coming up soon.Soviet side: plays like a Cold War proganda movie from the U.S (or Canada), ""Brave infantry made the ultimate sacrifice,"" etc. And if the T-34 actually performed as it did in the game the Germans would've won the war.USF: All-around awesome.To be continued"
76561197967481160,Recommended,231430,32868630,Posted: 27 June,all,Moat,Solid game
,Recommended,231430,8185553,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Mr.Arber,Just WoW.. it must be the best WWII Strategy Game Ever - Recommend
,Recommended,231430,12676837,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Chikan Celeryman,This is my favorite visual novel.
,Recommended,231430,7981923,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,CptJakMorgn,"Tough to play, loads of fun. A real long lasting game."
,Recommended,231430,8739711,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,MSI Pro Gamer,Good RTS game I recommend it.
76561198050738791,Recommended,231430,9120350,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,250RoundMags,"To any of my friends who want to buy, its on sale now! =)Good team balance, great multi player. Single player can be fun too with multiple difficulty levels. fairly balanced match making. based on players experience. I dont think I've encountered a bug I've noticed yet. In short a good RTS with two teams(3 or more way battles woudl be interesting but that woudl be a little off lore) the single player storyline (What I've seen so far) looks to be good, touching in personal integrity, the utter lack o it in some people in charge at times, and the fairly well established horror stories that have become so familiar to people when talking about the Eastern Front of WWII. Plus it has pretty cinematics, while eye candy is always a bonus, this game does well in its base parts too. It has also some multi player co op missions. I think from 1 to 3 in a row.but i havent payled them all so IDK. So if you like WWII and/or RTS, I reccomend giving this a shot! Gameplay is fairly similar to the warhammer RTS series. except the resource for basic ""manpower"" you get more if you have less men out at once, to help keep forces even. Capturable points give you more ammo(For ugprading units and for special command abiliies like call in recon or artillery stike[These are dependant on which command you select for the battle]) and fuel (for buying vehicles) you can built ammo or fuel dumps on points usually to fortify it like a tower in wahammer RTS. Thats about it in short. I think I remebered someone saying they wanted to buy this if it went on sale so... here it is ^_^"
,Recommended,231430,8438901,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ForkChops,"One of the best games of its generation. Always looked good to me and once I got it I can not stop playing it. You star as a Soviet Commander and use tactics to outplay many opponents. Has a very long campaign almost 8 hours, and has a skirmish mode to fight against your friends. I do not know of a better game out there, So buy it whiel the christmas Steam sale is still out."
,Recommended,231430,7773625,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Viper123_SWE,"Exellent RTS game, a worthy succesor to the older CoH-games.Both the Soviets and the updated Wehrmacht introduce alot of new tactics and gameplay, the new loadout system allows you to make loadouts best suited for your tactics.Great game, 10/10"
76561198094125962,Recommended,231430,7959930,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Wantedchaos2033,It's so ♥♥♥♥ing awsome their is some lag for me but thats because I don't have the best computer in the world but even through that the game is so amazing 5 stars.
76561198048446687,Recommended,231430,8009164,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,(SoL) Archaon the Everchosen,"Damn Metacritic and how everyone is saying that ""It doesn't potray the Russians ""PERFECTLY"" like the past, well it's a ♥♥♥♥ing game so quit ♥♥♥♥♥ing. I like it. What is it that makes the game so bad anyway? How the Russians would kill one another for retreating, or how they would blow a bridge and leave some behind. Yea well that's how it was back then. So STFU!"
,Recommended,231430,2435783,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Grandmaster,Rodina Mat' Zovyot!
,Recommended,231430,7783654,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,MrYippeeKiYay,9/10
,Recommended,231430,24908214,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,{✠ agali ✠} totu1111,"i guess, it's ok"
76561198025746455,Recommended,231430,8238756,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Don Alfonso,"Company of Heroes 2 is like the first Company of Heroes in many ways, here is what I said about it.""Company of Heroes is a great Micro RTS game. All movements and shots count in this game. The combat mechanics are great, including cover, vehicle conditions, etc.There is a vareity of beautifully designed maps that give a real feel of world war. The units and graphics are awesome.Gameplay itself is great with two factions or more if you get the expansions. The British are my personal favourite, but others may prefer other factions for different tactics. The use of special commanders throughout a battle is very important and gives the unicity to each match.Great game overall, and brilliant voice acting for the troops!""So for Company of Heroes 2...Not so much a brand new game compared to the original Company of Heroes. It could have been made into an expansion of the original game... though there were quite a few out of battle changes.This CoH revolves around the Eastern Germano-Russian conflict during the World War. Thus the only factions you can play is Russians and Germans. This makes the gameplay a bit more restrictive, and quickly repetitive. However, there are many new commanders and a couple of features fitting the cold aspect of Russia.A great feature added recently was the world builder and ability to install maps using the Steam Workshop. Now you can play maps with actual chokepoints that the original lacks so very much.Company of Heroes original is better than the second, but this has it's own good features."
,Recommended,231430,8702696,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Mako,USSR is the best . soo good that it's hard to win using it
,Recommended,231430,7947476,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,penile child,"Very good so far. If you like WWII games and/or RTS's then this is a game for you.""FLAMETHROWERS ARE HERE! I LOVE PLAYING WITH FIRE!""Quote from this ONE ENGINEER D00D 3L1T3"
,Recommended,231430,8744964,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Pastacat,"This may surprise some readers, but I feel that Company of Heroes 2 was a diamond in the rough. It had a myriad of issues- offending Russians, poor optimization on launch, a surprising amount of DLC, and Relic’s usual inability to balance their game. COH2 was also- at least on the surface- quite similar to the original game.At the same time, Company of Heroes 2 is an amazing and unique experience. There is no other game with the same depth of micro, no other game with such immersive graphics and sound, and no other game where the singleplayer and the multiplayer are equally fantastic and fleshed out. So many people cry out about the decline of the RTS without realizing that the genre has been reborn. I have my gripes with the game, but Relic’s vision is something that more developers need to have."
76561198006484663,Not Recommended,231430,9300212,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,J_Dog,"Please don't spend your money on this game. If you do, you will curse Relic programmers every time these things happen:- every time that your units retreat and walk into oncoming fire just because it's the shortest route- every time that you click retreat and there is a dramatic pause... just in time for the most accurate incoming mortar fire to take out your entire squad in one volley.- every time that you tank doesn't rotate the way you instruct it to, which just happens to face its backside towards an AT gun.- every time that a Russian tank shoots at your infantry squad and kills all 4 members in one shot, even though they have full health and Russian tanks have small muzzled bores.- every time that you accidentally set a rally point off the map, so that you tank drives off the map and you can't scroll down to give it new orders.  You jerks Relic.- every time that you play a Theater of War game and the StuG III tanks they give you have no MGs and the main gun causes no damage to the enemy tanks.- every time you have to face Russian engineers in Theater of War, who steal your AT guns under withering fire and walk away unscathed.- every time that the AI lays a minefield on your territory while under fire from a heavy Machine Gun.- every time your last guy in a squad is killed by a grenade, which the AI was able to throw at you by crawling on their bellies while under fire of an MG.- every time you target an enemy tank with artillery or bombing runs and as soon as you click it, the tank jukes out of that spot so that your arty is wasted.  How did it know you were going to fire there, Relic?- every time that the AI AT guns shoot over your HQ to hit your AT gun and knock it out in one shot.- every time that your tank's engine is blown out by the first encounter with INFANTRY, even though you don't even have a scratch on the tank.- every time you lose a point to a squad that walks through a minefield unscathedYes, you will curse Relic EVERY TIME that this happens to you and wonder why you didn't listen to this review. Don't do it.  Please DON'T buy this."
,Recommended,231430,8001823,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,snagleCratch,"awesome game, hard to learn - hard to master; great for comp stomping with friends and a very awesome multiplayer scene with great livestreamed events every sunday.  check it out!"
76561198046959579,Not Recommended,231430,29952305,Posted: 15 February,all,White Spade,First game was very good.Balanced somewhat.But this one has no balance.People spam so hard .No skill only who better spammer game.Loooooooong waiting time.No matchmaking(i played +800 still i can meet 11 hour played person wtf).They make a new game and neglect that game.Wermacth like a step child no buff for them buffing allies much more.And coming the best part.Pathfinding is SO F*** BAD just stupid vehicle wants turn enemy all the time suck something try to back to enemy why this is so hard solve tha problem.When a player drops the game no penalty casualy get out the game.Leave friends alone and let them lost no replecament fo them.ai sucks so hard.If you buy this game will see spammers and loser axis like rekt by it %90 time.
76561197983155187,Recommended,231430,8481325,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,MonkeyspankO,"This is what happens when a once awesome game developer runs into hard times/the world of business. On the plus. they still managed to launch a good game. just not a great one.  First it got delayed, then finally released.  The end result? Well, so-so.If you loved COH this is more of the same. Thats both good and bad. The core mechanics are there, plus that weird weather dynamic. Although, I find the cover system is not as smooth as the first one.Just played through the first few missions (they re-mapped pause, which is annoying) and haven't tried MP yet. So far I give it a solid 8/10. will update when I've logged more time."
,Recommended,231430,1931502,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Luxab,"This is a fantastic sequel to the original CoH. The graphics are great, it has massive amounts of replay value, and it is well balanced between teams. The campaign is fun to play, and also can be difficult, which is a plus. I am happy that the AI is challenging to battle against, and I love the improvements and features added in comparison to the original game. If you are looking to invest some money into a game, this will be well worth the cash."
76561198067605097,Recommended,231430,8341401,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,UNACCEPTABLE,Just a bit better balanced then the first CoH and a lot tougher. But the line of sight features and the big differences between the soviets and the germans make this an amazing game. Doesn't hurt that it's real nice to look at.
76561198039941827,Recommended,231430,8316898,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Luck,Its a great game in all haveing trouble with the stratage part of the game but still learning (in all a great game to buy/get)
76561197961249924,Recommended,231430,8386187,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,[ __ ] Teaks,"BLUF: Well made, but developer is paid-DLC heavy.  Buy at $10 for a solid RTS, otherwise wait for a 'gold edition'.Solid continuation of the 1st CoH.  No major changes; just some better balancing, new interface, and an extensive ""Pay full price then still buy my DLC to get the full game"" experience.  It's a solid game, but expect to get roughly 1/3 to 1/2 of the commanders, and pay an extra $2-$5 each for the remainder of them.  Friggen stupid.  Add in a refusal to provide post-release support for a large number of users experiencing graphical errors.  Basically it's still a solid game, but don't pay full price, or even half-price for the 1/2 a game you actually get with regular purchase.  Maybe someday they'll do a 'gold edition' that'll include all the extra content."
76561198038902273,Recommended,231430,7961538,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Petschie,Brilliant.
76561197974953446,Recommended,231430,8731660,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,檄!帝国華撃団（头盔太贵）,good game!
76561198052308107,Recommended,231430,8741634,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,~TAB~ Ashman,Beautiful game! Beats AOE as best RTS game franchise. Buy this game!
76561198041693734,Recommended,231430,8738288,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Firepels,I highly recommend you try this game. You won't know that you like it if you don't try it...
,Recommended,231430,8766866,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,[NFOAK] Xentiran ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Its a very fun game to play, the only thing is that it feels like the game is missing some content. For example from the first CoH there was paratroopers and everything but now there is a lot of things that is not in this game.I hope they will fix this with some free DLCs or something cos if they are gonna charge for every DLC its gonna be expensive, cos I think we can expect more DLCs in the future.Yes I would you to recommend you to buy this if you wanna play with friends and stuff and for this moment if you buy it expect there to be some unbalanced games online."
76561198077235015,Recommended,231430,8768943,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Zikky,My favorite RTS game!
76561198026729615,Recommended,231430,8237287,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Delduwath,One of the best games I ever played!
76561197986313334,Recommended,231430,8212024,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Codog,Great fast paced RTS.
,Recommended,231430,8354688,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Wolfshadowblade[Usha],Mother of all RTS games.
,Recommended,231430,8380300,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,life alert,i recommend this game because the last one was amazing and its one of the best looking rts ieven seen and iam a huge rts fan
76561198002812788,Recommended,231430,8386437,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Claera,"If you like a fast-paced Real Time Strategy game then I recommend Company of Heroes 2.It have both easy and hard AIs, a good community and a auto matchmaking system for player vs player and vs AIs.I mostly playing against bots and campaign that's what i think is fun trying to get the achievements and intel bulletins. The Theater of War is both captivating and chalangeing way to play speciall missions and It keep growing with more missions."
,Recommended,231430,8736360,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Draconis🐊,"Really hard for me to not recommend this game. I enjoy it but perhaps in the way a hipster enjoys poorly coded ironic retro flash games. Its got lots going for it. However its still basically just a copy and paste mod of the first game. With the Soviets just reskinned Americans with slightly different abilities here and there.For example they even use the M3 scout car and M5 half track the americans did from the first game as historical lend lease vehicles (but not the bren or shermans which they had more of). They have the katusha rocket truck. But its just the calliope sherman attack mount on a truck rather then tank. Perhaps most damning are soviet infantry. They come in big groups like the Americans. Conscripts have Oorah just like Fire up. Small differences that they have molotovs and not frag grenades. While both have sticky bomb anti tank grenades that have a high chance of damaging vehicle engines. Some of the units do not make ANY sense. Like the penal battalion are infantry with semi auto rifles, flamethrowers and demo charges. Combat engineers right? No they are supposed to be suicide squad worse then conscripts. They are insteas expensive and elite infantry. A stand in for the American Rangers who have recoilless rifles instead of flame throwers. Guards are very interesting as they are like standard american riflemen with a oddball anti-tank rifle by default. It kills light vehicles extremely fast but its laughable against real armor. They also upgrade to a DP lmg just like USA's BAR and throw frag grenades. The point I am making is that they do not feel like a unique faction like the armies of the first game. Instead a blend of the Americans with a few British unit ideas.The campaign is woefully short and the entire game is lousy with DLC. Especially bad considering they seem to be pushing new commanders some of which add new unit types for multiplayer and skirmish by selling them. Possibly encouraging a power creep. Though it remains to be seen. Though the added missions and extra stuff is almost exclusively DLC.The best thing is the multiplayer is easier to cut your teeth on. I had huge problems trying to get games of that after losing a few. As COH 1 recorded your losses and people exlcluded new players who lost too many games."
,Recommended,231430,8403595,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,[RSO] | JDelbs18,Very good game if you like WWII and the Russian vs German side!
,Recommended,231430,8400221,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ion,"First CoH was good! CoH2 is better! So, let's start the game and relax while enjoying this piece of history!"
76561198030688627,Recommended,231430,8401995,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,GRIMALDUS,"good game , i like this and the original"
76561198076811599,Recommended,231430,8403111,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ThatGuySteve,This game is ok it is one of the better one of the genre. The first one was alot better with a bigger campaign. The onlie sucks on this game. Because you have no say on who you play against and it takes along time to get in a game. The first game is half this price with everything better on it. This game is still good but it missing alot. The price is so low because they wont you to buy all the dlc that is my review. Sorry if this makes you mad and sorry for mistake and gammer issue.
,Recommended,231430,8735692,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Comrade_Peppers,"Got to love the none recommends who have played it for more that 300 hours,,,,,,,,,,Great game, not as a big step as the first but still awesome."
,Recommended,231430,8623211,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,MrBloodworth,The follow up to one of the best RTS games made.
76561198204042832,Not Recommended,231430,23035699,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Double0Seven03|trade.tf,"It is not worth anything, it always crashes and it ha low content with out the dlc"
,Not Recommended,231430,23049216,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,H.E. Pennypacker,Meh. CoH1 is superior.
,Recommended,231430,8304162,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Cranch,good
,Recommended,231430,8241650,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,schrecksekunde,"great game and for sure something you should have seen....amazing graphics, really exciting combat but also rather hard times of losing and being beaten in some seconds that decide how it ends.  the visual part is amazing, the controls are ok (thats the worst i can say about them) and the story...well the story is american -_- its from a point of view that many europeans wont share or have a different oppinion about...but hell, i also dont mind the turns of a different game, its a bit dramatic but makes sense.the units are VERY well done, you can kill soldiers in maybe 100000 ways (bombing the ice below them, getting them away from the fires so they freeze....you name it) and it is balanced, not perfect but working. what i dont get is the constant whining cause of the 3-bucks-dlcs....maybe its cause i´m not into playing it mp anyway but when people pay 20 bucks for a stupid tank in one game i see no reason to complain about an addon thats not necessary....i´m just not the powergamer-type i guess....9/10 imho, but it can be frustrating too.....(which in my case was not mattering cause i got the chance to use katjushas ^_^)"
76561197980346274,Recommended,231430,7673012,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,The Butcher™,Nice Game!!!!!
,Recommended,231430,8237882,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Poetart,No where close to as good as the first game.
,Recommended,231430,8037780,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Exterminatus ✝†✝,awesome
76561198030980450,Recommended,231430,9392065,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Tallestdavid,I LIKE POTATOES
,Recommended,231430,7748531,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Cripto,Much like COH1 it improves in many ways and adds a lot of new content. It looks and plays very much like the original and that is not a bad thing
,Recommended,231430,13223589,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,{F13}Storm,One of the best RTS games I have played in a long time.
76561198019367888,Recommended,231430,8004327,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Gregoravich,"Despite all the hate for this game and some of its historical wrong doings, the game itself is good and well playable. It offers a wide variety of units for both factions and has some great new featurs that make it a worth sequel to the orgional company of heroes. The only down side i would say is variety. As there is only two factions units and strategy becomes slightly more limited than that of the orgional company of heroes. And so far i feel most of the DLC adds very little to the game. New units would be the best feature to add in my opinion, as well as some more maps, possible more city and industrial style ones."
76561197963540266,Recommended,231430,8556785,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,johnnymac34,Game takes some getting used to but is a lot of fun.  I do miss the American armies from the original game but the graphics and action make up for it in this sequel.
,Recommended,231430,8325983,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Plus-Size Commando,I was a huge fan of CoH 1 so had to at least try 2. I was not a fan of the British in CoH 1 they really missed somthing which made me nervous about what they may do to the Soviets. They nailed it with the USSR. The feeling of desperation mixed with ditermination is more than addimint while playing as the Russians. The way each team is designed really plays off each others weaknesses well. Whatever they learned from CoH 1 they applied it all and more in CoH2.
76561197984505648,Recommended,231430,8523111,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Mr. Booby Buyer,Wow I booted this game and found the first mission terrible.... Wish I could get a refund. Thankfully only spent $13 on it
76561198039160243,Recommended,231430,8006704,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,JOttley,i find my self playing the blitz mod way more then this game. not enough units and maps and so on to even compare to blitz.
,Recommended,231430,8326378,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Doc,"While I do not like most of the commanders being $5 DLC, Company of Heroes 2 in my mind is a step up from the first game. The fights are more realistic and weapons do the amount of damage you think they would. For example, flamethrowers in the first game with useless unless used against a unit in a building. Now they destroy infantry units like you think they would. The game also looks better as you would assume. The commander trees are also more interesting and themed, instead of the fairly generic ""Attack"" ""Defend"" and ""Special"" trees of the first game. If you liked the first game, you will most likely enjoy the second one just as much."
,Recommended,231430,8313346,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Mihon,"With great sound and music the game draws you in to battle the dark forces of the 1940's Germany along your comrades of mother Russia! This long awaited sequel to one of my favorite strategy games is finally out (for a while now). I recently got to play it alot and its a great game. Some what diffrent from the first game, some new progression tree attributes and alot harder to kill the enemy, somewhat. For me personally its a great way to be social, talking to your friends while blowing up tanks and plan out counter attack to defend and keep the lines. Only missing is the helmet to wear  and the ditch of mud to sit in."
76561198101501412,Recommended,231430,8234425,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,snipepro XD,this is a fu game
76561198051470138,Recommended,231430,8001999,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Hannibal_HR,<3
76561198053715427,Recommended,231430,7919906,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Irken Empire,This game is the bees knees just saying!Everything is fun in this game. The campaign story line is amazing and the online play is awesome as well. I love how you can customize your armies for online play. You can do everything from choose your commanders to choose the camo stlye on you mechanized units.If you're looking for a good RTS game you should definitely give this game a go.
76561198083096945,Recommended,231430,11930741,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,badcompany007,the best world war 2 stratagy game ever
76561198085310396,Recommended,231430,8594631,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Survuel,awesome game combining ww2 warfare and strategy genre 10/10
,Recommended,231430,8339953,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,oXi,one of the best strategy games!
,Recommended,231430,8214251,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Anfield-Knight,<3
76561198070348626,Recommended,231430,13215930,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Another Wild Skelator™,Its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
,Recommended,231430,12528138,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,oakey,yes
76561198006714268,Not Recommended,231430,29486768,Posted: 25 January,all,Jesse,"Was this series biggest fan for years (since 2007) , they have ABSOLUTELY destroyed this game in the interest of the allied players. They have nerfed the panzerfaust to the point that it bounces 4/5 times and doesnt even slow down the tank 90% of the time. They have made the tank battles into a really weird bumper cars show down. The allied grenades are enfused with nuclear war heads while the german ones are like fire crackers. They have destroyed any resemblence of historical accuracy, destroyed all tactical necessity. Playing the british or russians is the easiest ride imaginable (if you arnt brain dead), as a result the community has COMPLETELY died and now consists of forgieners who cant speak english, communist cucks and about 2 afkers per 4v4 match. Gratz relic, you destroyed your franchise."
,Recommended,231430,8230323,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kicking Falcon,Awesome WW2 RTS!
76561198010866664,Recommended,231430,8733243,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,JDBurton,Perfect RTS
76561197991656534,Recommended,231430,8737123,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Wallis,"I read a lot of bad reviews for this game, but I have played the first one and think this one is pretty awsome too.  Granted I like playing the American troops in the first COH best, but this game has a lot to offer and is great fun too. It has some added feature that I wish the first one had.  With the price drops steam has been having on it,  if you liked the first COH I think you can't go wrong getting this one as well."
76561198035961130,Recommended,231430,8740812,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Cornballshark44,love this
,Recommended,231430,8741280,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Lord Poison,love it
,Recommended,231430,8742729,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Orgez,"Very interesting game, and very similar to starcraft."
,Recommended,231430,8744435,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Al Goreathor,"Easily one of the best RTS's I've ever played. Being used to classic's like Warcraft 3, Red Alert 2 and Starcraft this was a breath of fresh air. Easily the coolest parts of this game is the destructible environments and the cover system thats sqauds utilate"
76561197994729886,Recommended,231430,8747942,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,AiDec,"Good RTS, however there`s still many bugs (game released half a year ago!!). Definitely fun to play, IMHO worth up to 15$.For the price 10$-15$, recommended!"
76561198061717561,Recommended,231430,11962046,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Drakyn,Best game
76561198009869933,Recommended,231430,8023618,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Fly Casual,Most fun RTS I've ever played.  Dawn of War II was my previous favorite.
76561197988767395,Recommended,231430,8272062,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Kova,"Being a fan of both history and RTS games, this franchise has had incredible appeal to me. The beauty of the raw and brutal animations in the gameplay itself is enough to let me recommend this. That is just me however, I tend to like games with fancy looking tanks and soldiers killing each other.One of the problems is that such an advanced tactical RTS demands a lot from the player in terms of speed, perception and decision making. Because of this, the idiots that are left at Relic will never be able to balance anything within reasonable bounds, nor will the AI ever be an authentic challenge.I do not mind DLCs, I really don't. They are just following a crummy trend and taking it to the next level of idiocracy. What annoys me however is that they do not care about the game or the gamer, only the money. DLCs are fine if you are actually going to work with the game and improve it, but these guys just keep adding new shiney stuff that makes the problem of balance an ever increasingly more impossible task. By doing that they are simply smearing excrement in our faces, making the very thing I love about the franchise the root of the evil. They are exploiting my love for toysoldiers by dumping unbalanced excrement down my throat, and I am taking it in huge chunky gobbles..."
,Recommended,231430,7891477,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Red Rabbit,this my♥♥♥♥♥♥yo..so fun
76561197965546900,Not Recommended,231430,22555316,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,JEWS DID IT YOU KNOW WHAT,"The developers relic has shown time and time again they do not care for the community they do not care about balance and constantly shove DLC into our faces that lets us actually win only to have it nerfed to dust after you handed over the 5 bucks for 6 units, I have been playing this game for a while and racked up a good ammount of hours under it, I am afraid whoever that I will stop playing this as it just became unbearable and it's pretty clear relic has no idea what they're doing in terms of balance.If you play allies you're gonna get a mud and blood fight to win with the♥♥♥♥♥♥you're given if you find something that is good and use it it will be turned into♥♥♥♥♥♥ as it was shown with the latest update that nerfed the maxim, the maxim was the only way soviets had of winning with some consistency, now it's not, as soviets you can either go for a conscript that's the same price pretty much as a volk but is about 30% worse a clown car that can only be built after you build a building for it and gets destroyed by 2 OKW kubelwagens that are really cheap and also destroy your infantry.I had hope for a while but this latest update made it clear relic doesn't want a fair game they cater to the germans, all the friends I have now either have switched to german side which I tried for a while with an 90% victory rate, or only play against bots. And this just isn't fun and for that reason I wouldn't recommend this to anyone as it is too frustrating to watch over and over again.Plus it is really buggy♥♥♥♥♥♥pathfinding just incompetent developers over all."
,Not Recommended,231430,23661903,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Butterlord,"This game suck. relic sucks at just about everything. Awful servers, and god awful balancing, the worst i have ever seen in any game"
76561198098783478,Recommended,231430,23993491,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Dustyeman,Word yo.
76561198059691400,Not Recommended,231430,23359230,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Needy Game,- terribly implausible story- very unrealistic missions- very annoying silly cutscenes- doesn't compare to its predecessor
76561198121451526,Not Recommended,231430,33386448,Posted: 8 July,all,Lieutenant-Nano1821,"why downgrade the us forces, now mortar us sucks against german, now the AA halftrack doesnt shot down planes anymore, the US infantry take longer to fire and are more dumb, rebalance yeah nice play relic....."
76561197985130725,Not Recommended,231430,23142410,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Cpl G,what a letdown. dont bother wasting money on this game.
76561198112393941,Recommended,231430,8320989,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Militarijan,"The game doesn't reach the classic state as the 1st game for me, but it's good. The story is interesting and the gameplay is easy.The tutorial is good too.SoundtrackGood,but I had prefer that they had took some of the old themes and remixed them.StoryThe stories of the old games are great (I cried at the end of the panzer elite campaign...), the story of COH 2 is like a movie, in a bad way. Nothing is surprising, I knew the end of the cutscene in the end after 15 seconds, because it's a total standard action film end. That's sad, because the developers can make investigative ends, as you can see in COH1, opposing fronts end tales of valor.But COH 2 is good, even if these 2 aspects (My biggest critic points) exist."
,Recommended,231430,7785121,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Eric Cartman,Amazing Game ! Awesome graphics ! and more reliable than other rts games :D good job relic
,Recommended,231430,7755883,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,team.sts|deftonez,"Fantastic RTS. Constantly being tweaked to perfection. Follow up to Relic's #1 strategy, it is a worthy successor. I give it a 4/5 stars."
76561197968212484,Not Recommended,231430,304877,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,MrBananaGrabber,"The balance for this game has been broken and one sided for over two years, and is only getting worse. As such I wouldn't recommend it for competitive online play.Also, based on the company not fixing the balance, performance, and basic mechanics of the game - all whilst pumping out a lot of DLC, some of which at full game price.I wouldn't recommend this game. Get the original instead which is, for the most part, balanced and a real classic."
76561197987607037,Recommended,231430,8642823,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,boredperson804,Great strategy game.
,Recommended,231430,8682755,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,lord crossbow,Nice game
76561198096330181,Recommended,231430,8762401,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Dankpenguin,meh
76561197965754449,Not Recommended,231430,11290050,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Phreaky,Game sending me back to Store to purchase game already purchased.Why I spend the gas to generally pick up games from the store instead of buying from Steam. All this time and still haven't worked out the bugs.
76561198068224759,Not Recommended,231430,13260597,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Pedobear,This game is a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥- balance no-community is bunch wehr and okw fan boy not interested to balance it right- p2win comanders- delevoper are too stupid to fix laags
76561198064193467,Not Recommended,231430,10326527,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,mati_HUN,"FIX the ranked matchmake..... its unacceptable, that the game match us (lvl 20) against lvl 100 players... give back my money its not fun at all! I cant play with my cousine normally with this unballanced matchmake...!"
76561198012533039,Not Recommended,231430,10203257,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,SneakySocialist,"DO YOU LIKE DLC? WELL GOOD, BECAUSE WE'RE GOING TO SHOVE IT DOWN YOUR THROAT INDEFINITELY!!!"
76561198024274145,Not Recommended,231430,14377073,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Viking171986,Not worth it. the only good part of the game is the veterancy. If you want a great ww2 rts get men of war assault squad 2. The graphics are a lot better and runs a lot smoother than this.
76561198016564242,Not Recommended,231430,16930752,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,amd fx,Hitler would love this game...
32489758230984957,Not Recommended,231430,23727975,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Fedora Husky (Chitzi),They nerfed the absolute heck out of OKW.
76561197995986008,Not Recommended,231430,28804794,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,zizliz .lv,"Why i cant use all teams if i have them , and i cant buy them eather ?!"
,Recommended,231430,23993461,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Green Life Saver,word yo
,Not Recommended,231430,14184953,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Amphibious Orc,Repetitive and stupid.Broken as ♥♥♥♥.Constant Crashing.
76561198090926074,Not Recommended,231430,13290023,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,itisjustagame,this game is a f u cking joke 6 t34 v 3 pumers all t34 killed pumer drives of with 1/10 damage now i know how / why germany won ww2
76561198115844603,Recommended,231430,9896600,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Stark Manic,"A fast paced strategy WWII game the can leave two friends knocked against each other for hours. Love the game even better than the first one and I highly recomned it to anyone who likes strategy, conquer, and/or WWII games. I clocked in about 150 hours into the first one with my friends and I'm not afraid to say I'll beat that in this game. Hope anyone who bought it likes it and I'll see everyone on the battlefield."
76561197992532697,Not Recommended,231430,14889642,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Echo 1,when you buy this you don't get the campain and the russin army because they liers they say you get the russin army i don't have it
76561198005367626,Recommended,231430,8583266,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Questionable Decisions,A great sequal to an amazing game!
76561197983384104,Recommended,231430,8689400,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Totem,amazing game. fun multiplayer better than coh1
76561198025571481,Recommended,231430,8690521,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Fonzie223,"I like it.  Graphics are intense and the AI is hard. The downside is the DLC is all purchased.... you have to buy commanders, skins, ect. I feel that the game doesn't unlock enough commanders or skins without purchasing them."
,Recommended,231430,8733005,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,JediSith1981,"Cool game, but they butcher you for the price of the DLC's :\"
76561197999823040,Recommended,231430,7970255,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Stolbein,fun fun
,Recommended,231430,8535239,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Kujila,More MG-42's!
76561198015583781,Recommended,231430,7977157,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,^7Hover Cat,this game is stupidly sexy.
76561198006891549,Recommended,231430,7998879,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Norze,"Great game, especially for those who have played COH 1"
76561198021475314,Recommended,231430,8007656,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Agram,Great game!
76561198006447833,Recommended,231430,8008338,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Christopher Munoz,Best rts game.
76561198070791809,Recommended,231430,8127409,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,The Bear Calvary,best game ever
76561197995656540,Recommended,231430,8173054,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Billybigspuds,"Its war, brutal and cold, war and also more war than the average war."
76561198010503420,Recommended,231430,8731497,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,myst2064,yes still the best rts game ever
76561198020969719,Recommended,231430,8732925,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,RJ,Play the game while it is free.
76561198001425561,Recommended,231430,8733185,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Nostromo,"It might not be quite as good as the first one yet, but it keeps getting better with new content. Great game with a slight learning curve that never really gets old."
76561198043480929,Recommended,231430,8735295,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Pew...pew...pew inYO FACE!,One of the best strategy GAME!!!LOVE IT~!
,Recommended,231430,8742690,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Geoff the Depressed,It is a very good game the storyline is interesting and sucks you in
,Recommended,231430,8734038,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,salid,is guda
,Recommended,231430,8734988,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Mei.Fled skinhub.com,the game   very   nice
76561198101203235,Recommended,231430,8597253,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,BoneHead,Funny to play. But needs updates.
,Recommended,231430,8731849,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,[BSB] Rhym3z,Sequel to one of the best strategy games ever made.Deffinately worth purchasing if you were a fan of the first one and if you like RTS's in general.The addition of steam workshop has made things so much better.Would deffinately recommend
76561198083637963,Recommended,231430,8736827,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,d.fisher09,Excellent game!!! An improved COH!! Fully recommended!!!
76561198117343790,Recommended,231430,8585015,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,majayu,love it.
,Recommended,231430,7973518,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Franky Fish,A fun RTS that is unfortunately bogged down by some pay to win aspects. Overall a fun experience and worth it for all the time I have sunk into it.
76561198049701977,Recommended,231430,8000365,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,A hearty pimpslap,"Excellent succesor to the original, the true sight takes some getting used to but the doctrines add a great deal and the single player modes are a joy"
76561198050930730,Recommended,231430,8706372,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,GainzBond,"Great game, I love it."
,Recommended,231430,8707551,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Snee,very good game
,Recommended,231430,8755526,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,CH1R1NO,"Very fun game, reccmeded fo RTS (Real Time Strategy) players and WW2 fanatics."
,Recommended,231430,8005332,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Ten24-Numinous,"Its hard to review this game for what it is.  I enjoy the game play and the actual game itself.  Its a brilliant sequal, albeit extremely limited.  You don't have the british or the american side of things like many others in this genre have in order to make it feel complete.  One can only be left to hope that in the following months, other factions and theatures will be added.  The Pacific theature, the Americans and British against the Germans and Soviets.  Only time will tell."
76561198070624075,Recommended,231430,8746520,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,bigboy9,awesome i advise no i order anybody that is into rts to try it out now
76561198045981727,Recommended,231430,8767610,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Franz Joseph I of Austria,TIGER CLAIMS ANOTHER VICTIM
76561198041039557,Recommended,231430,8765260,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Jdogg002,good game
,Not Recommended,231430,34899051,Posted: 12 September,all,ϟϟ.JA.一一七,Need Chinese !
76561198037263114,Recommended,231430,4444355,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,grendel_kamisori,"The Eastern Front of World War II in all its brutal majesty. Deep strategy, furious gameplay, robust AI, and dozens of unlocks give it high replayability. Different game modes, some of them coop, allow one to enjoy the game without having to play competitively. Recommended for any RTS or World War 2 fan, or even someone who simply liked Saving Private Ryan or Band Of Brothers."
,Recommended,231430,380349,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,Мяузер,Best RTS about World War II
76561198084723427,Recommended,231430,16317719,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,StarNate,"very good game, love how it is tied into workshop as well,  great story, great online."
,Not Recommended,231430,22604214,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,"Antonius, N𝐢gger the Great",Ok... I downloaded this game for 1 day... And what i get? I got a ♥♥♥♥ing missing textures thanks Sega...
,Not Recommended,231430,28786857,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Capad,"Way worse than the first Comapny of Heroes, USF are complete garbage and their tank builds/commanders are useless! Disappointed as hell."
76561197981435714,Not Recommended,231430,31970324,Posted: 26 May,all,Worthless Towel,Scale is too small... Prefer biggest scale games like Sudden Strike of Steel Division
,Recommended,231430,29752621,Posted: 6 February,all,ethenar,"♥♥♥♥♥gotˈfaɡət/nounnoun: ♥♥♥♥♥♥; plural noun: ♥♥♥♥♥♥s; noun: fagot; plural noun: fagots1.NORTH AMERICANinformaloffensivea male homosexual.2.a bundle of sticks or twigs bound together as fuel.a bundle of iron rods bound together for reheating, welding, and hammering into bars.OriginMiddle English (in the sense ‘bundle of sticks for fuel’): from Old French fagot, from Italian fagotto, based on Greek phakelos ‘bundle.’"
76561198035237483,Recommended,231430,11494072,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,ASweatyMushroom,This game is like company of heroes 1 with a few add ons. Sometimes people have weapons I dont have which isn't really fair. This is a great game.
,Not Recommended,231430,21381970,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,.҉  Reme✧,At the end of the day the game is fun but it..has alot of microtransaction the most disapointing thing is microtransaction for different nations to play.
76561197970384883,Recommended,231430,7317998,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,FHDA,80%  (77% if yu hav plaid original)  (89% if you lov dis kind of gam and intend to play hordkor online)
76561198104856788,Not Recommended,231430,34224317,Posted: 13 August,all,edgy teenager,My favorite RTSBut it has microSo yea don't buy it
,Recommended,231430,8235316,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,ChaosCommando,"Really fun game, can be quit challenging at times but not impossible. Online is great, but not when you have noobs as your allies.. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,231430,19841135,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Iroquois,"Company of Heroes, the first one that is. Is an amazing game, with pretty good balance. Everything works well and other than a few cheese tactics that are easily dealt with, a fun game.Now, CoH 2.I haven't played CoH2 recently, until this last week, and I can say WOW.Relic, you've let down your fans with this one.OKW - The Faction you play if you want to win. There is no skill involved with playing OKW, at all. You spam Sturmpioneers, Volks, and a Raketten launcher. You win, simple as that.Wehrmacht, haven't played them recently, but from what I remember they matched up well against Soviets/USA.British Empire: They get♥♥♥♥♥♥on by OKW, just like everyone else. Brens with Flamethrowers are only so effective when you have 7 Sturmpioneer squads firing at you.TLDR: Remove OKW, and you have a good game. The simple fact of the matter is that Relic constantly nerfs the allies, while buffing the Nazi's, which is what they are."
,Recommended,231430,8635043,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,UncleRey,Very fun game even without your friends
,Recommended,231430,8637808,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Gibbon,I think it's better balanced than the first (post-expansions).I like the expanded co-op content too. :)Hard though! bring your RTS and map control experience! D:
76561198030848028,Recommended,231430,20567070,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,General McMuster,The buissness model is a little bit ♥♥♥♥y. But the game itself is solid and you can have more than enough fun without paying to bypass progression
76561198007666973,Recommended,231430,8748229,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Master & Commander,"Pretty Good RTS, campaign is a little anti-russian at parts, but not enough to get your panties in a bunch, its just a videogame"
,Recommended,231430,8605590,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Partake of my Anus,"Much good, good much."
76561198043470575,Recommended,231430,8756640,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Commander Steele,"Here's the deal. Anyone who has ever played ANY of the games in the COH series knows what a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥they can be at times (bugs, glitches, cheating♥♥♥♥♥AI players)--but they also know how AMAZING these games are when then work. COH2 is the same way. It delivers less as far as maps, and factions one can play--but it works well enough and offers the same fun as the original. My suggestion? Buy it if you have buddies to play it with regularly enough to make it worth it. DON'T BUY IT AT FULL PRICE THOUGH, wait for a sale."
76561198049444661,Recommended,231430,8761086,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,iamargon,Really fun with your friends and playing the campaign by yourself!
76561198028941542,Recommended,231430,8001068,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,blitz | Gift_Goft,"Whilst I believe this game expands on its predecessor, with true sight and the zone control around points, i find my self disliking the weather system at times, it has it flaws. And I would much prefer to get rid of a dynamic 'game changing' weather system and have full Sli support. it is hardl game changing, only certain fires contribute to keeping men warm whilst other sources of heat do not. I also believe the weather needs to be more random, strength, duration, time to impact, etc. not just a set intesnity.Matchmaking needs to go or at least have a 'server based list' option avaibale. to make custom online games with people of correct latency. dropouts and relic crashes happen far too much, and is the main reason i get annoyed witht he game.gRaphically speaking, the game is almost no different to coh1, nothing drastic anyways, and in my opinion should not run like a pig on some of the systems i have seen it run on. It should be better optimised, hopefully relic will get on to this.But having said all that, my Pc runs the game on max with no issues, and i play alot of it, and enjoy playing it with friends and if you mange to have a full player vs player game with no lag and dropouts, the game is great fun, espically 4v4's. I would recommend this game to those who loved the first. just bear in mind it still needs some ironing out and that it is not excatly lke the first."
76561198006404323,Recommended,231430,8759346,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Strohmann76,If you were ever a fan of Close Combat series than this will cure that need.
76561198091781267,Recommended,231430,8747854,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Soviet Dog,realy good game fun with freinds good graphics all around amazing game
76561198045936333,Recommended,231430,8530340,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,jjandhr,love it
13376661337666133,Recommended,231430,8759290,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,bobattackman,"This is a pretty good game. Good battles, pretty good story, all around it is fun. It may be a bit slow to progress with your level, but while doing it, it is fun. I reccommend this game to anybody who likes strategy games."
,Recommended,231430,8760796,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Weldericious,I was a very big fan of the first game and i didn't expect this one to be as good as the first one.I was wrong!This one has much more content and fun stuff you can unlock by playing!The psysics and the graphics are much more improved and i love the new audio.CoH2 is so much more authentic and just feels more alive!10/10I highly reccomend this!
,Recommended,231430,8747695,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,JT_FOXHOUND,Great game....BUT for GOD SAKES ADD SLI support. Worst optimized game iv ever seen
76561198007366533,Recommended,231430,8756112,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,AL,Hours and hours go by without notice ... v.addictive!
,Recommended,231430,8010025,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Dale Earnheart #3,A winter rumble with Russians not everybody wants.
,Recommended,231430,21209585,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,OG. Lulu,"This game is Britian bias, but I wanna fight more better in OberKommandoWest and ostheer for being stronk! Fur Das Vaterland!"
,Recommended,231430,23805729,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,TheAnusLord,It's a game about who's got the biggest tank.*Spoiler alert*It ain't me.
76561198367074750,Recommended,231430,31460256,Posted: 30 April,all,sartimagiluca,great
76561198009769897,Not Recommended,231430,22582752,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,DEADMAN,terrible game!! I wish that I could get a refund for this game!!!!
76561197968840144,Not Recommended,231430,18299743,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,ISpammRoos,"Good campains.Online experience is depressing... lobby designed probably by a monkey, most likely a blind monkey.This game will never be balanced...Save yourself some time and keep looking elsewhere for a strategy game."
76561197970199855,Recommended,231430,11909316,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,hippiekiller,"The big question. Is it better than COH1? The answer is both yes and no. In its current state, COH2 is overall a great state, but that has not always been the case. In fact this is one of those games I uninstalled multiple times because I was so frustrated with it in the past. COH2 for the first year or so was a half-baked sequel to the first.The SP game is often forced by a timer, has many poorly designed levels, and a really unnatural balance of units. The campaign has not changed, and is completely inferior to COH1.Theatre of War is a good idea, but has the DLC feel to it. It is okay, but truly I rarely play it.Skirmish/comp stomp is mostly awesome! Open maps are a pain as the computer micros really well, and matches will exhaust your attention. In choke point maps, turn up the difficulty and you will have some really intense combined arms attacks you must counter. Graphics, sound, unit feel, and attention to detail is incredible and makes COH1 look primative.Muliplayer is great! Nerd rage on message boards about balancing changes is always a good sign of a fun game that has devoted fans. If the game sucked, they wouldn't rage in the first place.I so rarely see games I despise become great with patches, but this game has! Overall, for under $20 this a, now, a fantastic game. Throw in WF, which is totally worth it, the game really shines!"
76561198075526369,Recommended,231430,11991080,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,TRIGUND,The best RTS out their starcraft aint got nothing on this. It does take a smart person to play this well and lots of micro managing. If you like games like warcraft III or starcraft or even dota2 try this out it makes your other Strategy games look like your playing COD =) You'll be shaking so hard that you'll passout from sheer awsomeness
76561198070711431,Recommended,231430,25982656,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Panzermensch,"Uh i almost slit both of my wrists playing against the brits, lost my girlfriend because the rage made me hit herMy rate: 10/10 great game"
76561198023838572,Recommended,231430,7787790,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ROGUE,BEST GAME EVER!!!! :D :P
,Recommended,231430,23810322,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MojoNexus,Yes
76561198063086182,Recommended,231430,9920612,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Kekistani Refuge,best real time stratige game evar
76561198043527880,Recommended,231430,9868412,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,1st SS Pz.Dv Leibstandarte AH,"Great game, best strategic ever!"
76561198066279341,Not Recommended,231430,30921845,Posted: 3 April,all,Pascal_1080Ti,"Pathetic and worst rts i ever played...only graphic quality are more or less good...but rest useless pathetic game...how i hate this kind of stupid thing,no matter what faction and unit to play...always cpu controlled enemy are superior in accuracy..luck,dmg and other things!!For example...t34..when enemy rolled you need♥♥♥♥♥time to kill it..when you use it..its become♥♥♥♥♥useless paper car..or another funny♥♥♥♥♥♥.played lot of this garbage..give it at least 100 last chances and tries+ 50x forgive it and start to play..and all time ends always the same....with frustration and big disappointment and wasted time...why last years strategy games becomes pathetic trash?Like coh2..act of aggression..♥♥♥♥♥garbages...pls better remake superb rts of past like act of war both parts...generals,generals 2, tiberium wars....not those awful jokes...pathetic unreal games....is this really funny to send plane with machin gun to strake infantry on open ground without cover to see 1/10 dmg dealed to them lol???Really is this how you♥♥♥♥♥be useless coh2 devs???"
76561198004352974,Recommended,231430,14476403,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,PsychaDelicSnake,Its the best WW2 RTS game out there currently
,Not Recommended,231430,23850738,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,-✰ RemorselessX ✰-,Im giving this game another go after  16 month that i quit!
,Not Recommended,231430,25174076,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Carferry,My interpretation of Relic's balancing patches: Nerf everyone but the Soviets and increase the population cap of everyone else's basic infantry.
76561198092224592,Not Recommended,231430,32155601,Posted: 3 June,all,bkashmere69,I cannot open this game while online or it crashes. I want my money back. But all and all before it started crashing it was a very addicting game
76561198015467589,Recommended,231430,8702801,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,[SS] Landser,It is a good game I do recommend it but it lacks from company of heroes one.I am a big fan of the game dont get me wrong but there needs to be improvements to the game without buying every DLC to make it better its more of a cash cow.- Russian v German infantry is unfairly balanced the german infantry were better trained and also had satchel charges and grenades that did damage. the russians in this game are way to powerful and have to much arsenal at there disposal if this game was going for realism which it is supposed to be.- The German Tanks to next to nothing damage unless you use the King IV Tank.- German Pioneers need the ability to set charges as thats a piooner's job...
76561198035299514,Recommended,231430,8739288,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,(3xA)no skills req'd 2 play,"as opposed to not playing at all id rather play a game that scores means something,coh2 is not coh1,its a game completely different from coh1,and it works,it has loyal fans including myself although i dont know why i have a lifetime ban in coh2 forum,i find it difficult to write a positive review on this game with this ban hanging over my head,this is me having a grumble,ignore it,but back to the game playing soviets is intensely challenging,soviets are op early due to shock troops,however as you must realize axis will counter with armor,and soviets are lacking here so this is where the challenge begins,soviets at guns rock,so never build just one,and cover each other,or axis tanks will gain upperhand,the su-85 isnt a tank destroyer,unless you gain your bulletin upgrade,but still 1v1 with a panther you will find it almost even,always go 3 su-85 to 1 tiger and use your forward focus,but turn it off if your moving,this game is more tactical than coh1,you have pop caps,zero arty,and an overpowering axis army,so good luck.PS. i play soviets,axis is too easy."
76561198000103786,Recommended,231430,8751687,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Coldzero,"Personally i think this is a great game. I like the genre and i was put off by the reviews, but i downloaded and gave it a try and i really enjoy it. I would point out though that i only play it single player, i probably wont MP as i like to relax when playing games and i dont need stressy herberts hacking, cheating or just moaning in general as they dont get their own way. I do play a lot of Men of War and although this isnt as hardcore as that it is still very good. In a way its a bit of a relief from MOW, a gentler romp through the genre. But as a game i do enjoy it, i have no graphics issues and no crashes etc. For 10.19 its great value for money and i probably wouldnt of minded playing full price for it at the time but would have to say that the DLC was a bit much. It seems a bit harsh to release a game and then have lots of add on DLC at time of release, that could of been done much better and seems a bit much. I can understand why people would be upset by this. I am lucky as i subscribe to PC Gamer each month though and they are giving me a bonus copy of the Case Blue DLC for free this month, so its a bit of a win win for me at 10.19 sale price and free DLC."
76561198053292629,Recommended,231430,8753226,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Iseeur_X,I like this game.
76561198030787012,Recommended,231430,8734685,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Grand Hazzard,Great Multiplayer RTS.
,Recommended,231430,8750090,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,"Karn,Exile Machine","Its not a terrible COH sequel just didnt live up to the origial but if you can find a way to get past some of the annoyances then you have a solid title the DLC is mostly worth its price my only problem is that they watered down the tiger ace mision that was an excellent mission featuring a whole new way of playing but the new one is simply take this tiger and dont die sort of thing it lacks in variety but all the other missions in theatre of war are pretty standard but some change gameplay like you only have a certain amount of units before getting some more, it teaches you how to manage your teams and effectivly placing them for maximum effectivness. My biggest complaint is how they handled the armies, German have very expensive units but some pretty powerful but get a short stick compared to Russia where they have more than 4 heavy vehicles with Germans getting only about 3 at most they really need to broaden the unit horizon for both armies to make it feel like a real battle. What i do like is the new mechanics like the frozen lake or the blizzard events, stuff like that is very immersive to the harsh winter of russia, even hoping over a fence is a neat feature. I also liked seeing the Russians in an RTS game that isnt CNC its good to see that WW2 games can still be very fun and interesting. Best thing about the game is the Soundtrack I love how they did the battle music, the after battle victory music its all so inspiring and it emulates how you would see a battle during WW2 of violins playing while you hear machine guns ripping through the air. Another great thing was the later patches fixing the game greatly making Germans much more playable but they still suffer from low variety and overly expensive units"
,Recommended,231430,8753532,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,The Legend of Deli Balta,"CoH2 the GAME MAN.That Ambient, most enjoyable strategy game for me.Comrade."
76561197972635604,Recommended,231430,23097845,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Ptr_NQ,"Best WW2 realtime Stratgame ever. Lots of Flamers, that dont get MP, but still.To everyone crying about missing balance: Some of you are right, some tweaks are needed. But most just play like crap and want the game to be the reason.All in all a very good, balanced game with great historical immersion (since u guys criticized the term accuarcy here, wich maybe indeed does not fit). whatsoever: 9/10 would recommend buying it."
,Recommended,231430,22877427,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Hurtman,"Looking for a review to this game? Too bad. Instead, here's instructions on how to make a bowl of cereal.1. Grab an empty bowl and a spoon.2. Pick up the box of cereal.3. Pour the cereal into the empty bowl.4. Get a gallon (or liter) of milk and pour it with the cereal into the bowl.5. Nom.6. You can mix 3 and 4 if you'd like, it's all up to preference.7. Nom. Nom.8. Profit9. /10"
,Not Recommended,231430,22581308,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Sweepo Depot,Everyone is saying it's bad nowjumping on band wagon
76561198143877248,Recommended,231430,22870004,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Avengerous Da Boss,best ww2 RTS game out there!
,Recommended,231430,8734453,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,masheu casheu,"A little disappointing. The first one ranks up as the best RTS I've played. This one's interface is a little weird, the skill tree is less interesting, snow is no fun. Overall just keep playing COH 1, its still an amazing game."
76561198075272176,Recommended,231430,8777456,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,royb205,only can play for a day how lame is that...should say free day not weekend....was gonna buy it but didnt even geyt to try multi
76561198084369818,Recommended,231430,22844576,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,John Dillinger,"i just love the game , realy good"
76561198067503341,Recommended,231430,14524039,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,LilMagicz,"After Playing COH 1 a significant amount I was excited to buy this game from the release.  While the Start was a bit rough it seems most issues have been worked out.  I Personally find the game is much better with the Western Front dlc but if your new to this game it should probably be something you purchase later on.  I was happy that updates have continually enhanced the game and the random loot drops at the end of matches are a fun way of gaining new commanders or whatever else you fancy.  While I am not a fan of dlc being required to get the best experience out of games, this is my favourite franchise and I would be very happy to see a british force come back into the game.  One that I miss alot from the first COH.  Overall some of the play styles of the original game have been lost but this is generally not a big deal for me since they are replaced by new mechanics and strategies.Pros:-New updated graphics and environments-Problems with COH 1 are fixed in COH2-Multiplayer is awesome!-Great new vehicles and small infantry improvements such as vaulting wallsCons:-dlc is expensive-Campain is okay in my opinion"
76561198042578401,Recommended,231430,32937989,Posted: 28 June,all,Dr.Duck,Meh
76561198027077047,Recommended,231430,16365175,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Bretcaneron,"Look at my hours. Look at them! That is my review.The campaign for this game isn't terrible, but it really shines in multiplayer, particulalrly if you're playing with friends. Each army has its own play style, meaning being a master of one is not the same as mastering all. The game supports mods and custom maps, meaning there is a lot of opportunity for replay.My one and only complaint is the reward system which constantly gives you things you already have or gives you rewards for amries that you weren't using."
76561197982877381,Recommended,231430,12693750,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Dethstarr,"I initially found this game extremely dull and uninteresting and simply couldnt be bothered to touch it after trying single player.I missed the point!.  This is a game to play in multiplayer, where it comes alive. Playing this with friends really opened my eyes on this one. I had no idea it could be so much fun.Single player is dead for me as I found it very dull indeed but it is a great game for multiplay."
76561198191114143,Not Recommended,231430,25742341,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,ScReAm,"Very misleading. Im very dissapointed about this. I used to love playing the first sequel of COH, but after purchasing this, all my high expectations went down the drain."
76561198006290038,Recommended,231430,2357672,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,atropos12345,if you liked coh1 then you will love part 2
76561198170889659,Not Recommended,231430,17804631,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,CommanderRad,this si so gay i downloaded it for free and now it says i have to purchase it and whenn i go to store page it says already in libry and i press play it says a steam update and all it is a grey blank card like wtf
,Recommended,231430,32671952,Posted: 23 June,all,icus,liked the game
76561197989082873,Recommended,231430,7999279,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,jamesjayce,"not as good as coh1, but ok"
,Recommended,231430,9086940,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,TheRevolution,"Excellant game, well balanced too.. few bugs but nothing major. I loved the first one but on multiplayer i found COH1 favouring the Germans more than any other nation. not in COH2 though it's toe to toe. 9/10"
,Not Recommended,231430,18466668,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,The Growlanser,"A fun game but with horrible historical inaccuracies.The Stuka G1 and G2 were the variants that used the 37mm cannons. The G1 was first available in early 1943 but in this game you can use it in earlier dates. That isn't all, it also has the fire rate of the german 20mm cannons, are you kidding me? The 37mm cannons had a very slow fire rate but in this game they fire as fast as the 20mm cannons.The MG 42 first saw service in 1942, there's a reason is called the MG 42, but in this game you can see them in 1941, couldn't they at least put the MG 34/39 in the game for the 1941 missions? And for skirmishes the MG 42 as an upgrade? Seriously.....Last but not least, the worst of the offenders. The German uniforms. The German uniforms in this game are fictitious at best. Green uniform with yellow cap in the Eastern front? And the cap doesn't even have an eagle, come on..... Who the hell designed the units in this games? This is their second WWII game and they still have no clue of how things actually looked like.I could be here pointing out all the historical inaccuracies this game has but it would take me all day and I would end up writing a testament.Now the game has become a buff and nerf fest, making it even less realistic and for the sake of ''balance'' some units will be over performing while others will underperform so if you want an historically accurate game this isn't for you."
,Not Recommended,231430,33481180,Posted: 12 July,all,chuey,Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥you cant play the game properly
76561198097118422,Recommended,231430,12565954,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Carcharodon Astra,"Nice game , a lot of action but has some problems."
,Recommended,231430,7892576,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,DrunknCrusader,"I love Company of Heroes 2, the first game will always have a place in my heart as an amazing RTS and I still play it all the time, but this really was a fresh update on the series. It is not some extreme tactical realistic RTS but neither is the first one (ex. troops standing right next to eachother in the open point blank and still miss) if you are looking for that then go for the Blitzkreig mod, but for what this game offers you get your money's worth. I do see the occasional balancing issue but this game is still in early phases in a few months to a year I think it will be just as acclaimed as the first one. The winter combat is great and the blizzards can offer some peace and rebuilding or for others a chance to reclaim some territories without a shot fired. The summer fighting is fun as well with colorful landscapes that you turn to burned out rubble, the campaign is not the best in terms of story but it still had me mildly interested and the missions were decent but the first game is still better on that but the multiplayer is great. The commanders are a nice addition along with the bulletins they can give you even a small edge on the battlefield which is nice. The tank skins are cool to see, I would love to see infantry skins as well but I doubt that will happen. Just the game overall is great for a RTS, if you want realism buy the first and download blitzkreig instead but if you want a good RTS on the Eastern Front then go for this."
76561197984991382,Recommended,231430,8743393,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,๖ۣۜMade4WAR,"Nice game with a lot of achievements , campain is ok, Balance is still not so good in mp + it has some lag issues, Is they keep on updating this game it will beacome great i think , Coh1 first verssion was♥♥♥♥♥♥to compared to last one so keep on waiting,"
,Recommended,231430,1953159,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Kenah's Friend,"What a bunch of drama this title has caused over the last few weeks.Pros- Updated graphics from the original- Legitimate strategy and coordination required- Selection of gamemode types and player counts- Plethora of maps- Amazing soundtrack that seems well made overall- Multiplayer and Singleplayer gameplay- Multiple maps with each map having a Winter and Fall theme- Winter Theme Maps have several weather gimmicksCons- Awful community, literally as bad as a MOBA- Multiplayer games tend to be held behind walls of lag {Latency/Ping} spikes, which can render a game unplayable.- Incredibly awful voice acting- Terrible BalanceWell, this game does have its flaws, but if you have a select group of people or a clan perhaps you wish to play with I suggest you pick this RTS up. The action, though unbalanced as hell, is still very fun and in the end even the losers usually have a good time.7.5/10 - Decent title, not as bad as the silly metacritic users would have you think it is."
76561198020012285,Recommended,231430,8767474,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,WENDIGO,Currently best World War II RTS on market...
76561197997260453,Recommended,231430,8743324,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Many-Named,"INCREDIBLE game, I want it !!!"
76561198050398516,Not Recommended,231430,7899423,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,kromhout/gpatton,p2w
76561198072017110,Not Recommended,231430,22473004,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Ssenkrad_II,"A lot of negative reviews about microtransactions and ""Russia really isn't bad so why make Russia bad guys?!"" and frankly neither of these two really bothered me!Russia wasn't a great country, still isn't, the history is crystal clear on that one... Don't like it if you don't want to, doesn't make it any less ""factual""...Microtransactions are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ but you can frankly get every items for free if you just put in the time and play the game...So why is this game not worth it for me personally?1. Company of Heroes and its expansions trump Company of Heroes 2 in every regard. The ""graphics are better tho man!"" not really... and even if you think they are, the performance is a nightmare... Everyone is basically capped at 100 population and the game will still studder and lag on very, very high end systems... If you are coming from Company of Heroes 1 there is a yuge chance that you will find 2 a yuge let down across the board.2.  The campaign is a nightmare. Seirously. Both the Russian and American. Because the storyline sucks? Nope. Because every damn mission is a ""the enemy is rushing you and you have 10 seconds to prepare and... WAVE WAVE WAVE WAVE... now you have 10 seconds to take this point and... ATTACK SPAM ATTACK SPAM ATTACK SPAM!"" It is like Relic just wants you to forget the well thought out campaign of COH1 or even want to pretend that games such as Myth or Warcraft III never happened! There are fun ways to make RTS campaigns, the campaign in this is a nightmare, totaly crap... If you are buying this for a great campaign experience (like the first had), forget about it...3. The COH2 community is trash. Once again, seriously... The PvP is broken due to factions being broken OP so they are always played while others are broken crap so they are never played and when they are they get trashed... The people left playing have gotten damn good at playing as the OP factions and frankly don't want to see things change and are very toxic. So if you are buying this for custom matches and don't want to play as the Germans or don't want to play for over a hundred hours before you ""unlock your troops"" you will not have a good time...4. No LAN.5. The worst optimization I have seen in a game (save for maybe Dragon Age Inquisition) in the last five years. It took me over a half an hour just to get the game to run fullscreen without hitting the black screen of death alone (google that fun one...) and I am running a great rig. In game isn't any better, with studder, screen tears, and lag the game acts like it is a giant when COH could and would handle much more happening on the screen at the same time with zero problems..."
76561198062876430,Recommended,231430,16559889,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Towarzysz,Company of Nazis 2
76561198080713218,Not Recommended,231430,19117851,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,¤PsychoSky✯,feels like a downgrade from the first company of heroes
,Not Recommended,231430,9302465,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,ChrisMa130,"This game is so competetive, like StarCraft which does not allow you to play the game in you very own style. Compared to COH1, COH2 does not offer a lot of tactics, which means that you have to play the game by following certain tactics/strategies otherwise you will lose."
,Recommended,231430,6153824,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Ŀóñęĺy ČĺÖűð,Норм игра!!
76561198009628894,Recommended,231430,8347243,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Squirtle,Awesome Game!
,Recommended,231430,8769670,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Zaibatsui,"Only just started, but so far it has impressed! fast enough paced to feel like there is always someithing going on, but no so fast you cant enjoy the ride!!"
,Recommended,231430,8320010,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,British - @ BMT for 7.5 weeks,Amazing game.
,Recommended,231430,8324292,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Gabers100,"This game is great! i played the first one, and it was good. but this one was better. this is like my two faveorate games. Battlefield: 1942, and Warcraft III: riegn of chaos. Battlefields time and Enviroments, but Warcraft III's gameplay and units."
76561198031273567,Not Recommended,231430,31502522,Posted: 2 May,all,HawkofChiron,"No... They get too cheap to sell printed manuals so you have to deal with that and read them online, but when you can't even read it online because of some goofy format issue , it just pisses you off. Sell printed manuals from websites , at least! Good game so far but ... no....people like to read about what all the icons are in game, at least, i Do! Yet another reason why Alpha Centauri was the best strat. game ever! .. Sometimes  it's the llittle  things that really matter... .. so... no ... thumbs down!"
76561198032701683,Recommended,231430,8762069,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Barn Dawg,"one of the best,quite realistic,tactical,sometimes overwhelming,rts game iver ever played the squad interection,army customizer,and many other features and unlockables make this a rich classic rts of WW2."
76561198046689701,Recommended,231430,8768966,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,cyborg_vole,This is a very good game. Would recommend this to anyone who likes WW2 or strategy games.
76561198235732836,Not Recommended,231430,31333330,Posted: 23 April,all,Jing2024,"SEGA is the worst game maker, disrespect the player, incorporating the game into a thick political gunpowder, and will no longer support him."
76561198126426565,Not Recommended,231430,25563352,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Raddadoo,THE GAME CRASH ALL THE ♥♥♥♥ING TIME
,Not Recommended,231430,23662025,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,The Edgy Narwahl,"German player - ""I got beat once by those allied noobs!"" *goes and posts complaint on relic forum like all the other German players do*Typical Relic updatesAllies:- Decrease Strength- Lower Health for units in general- Armor is ""too"" strong so decrease- Increase costs for units- Bazookas now are equiped with duds- Airstrikes not available within 10 miles of German players baseAxis:- #germansforlyfelol- Decrease cost of units- Increase all supply income- German armor is increased- Range of sight is increased- 0/2 fuel points required to get Panther- Sturmpioneers(STG44) are now same as rear echelon in cost- Decreased accuracy for any Allied bazookas against German tanks- Panzershrecks are now equiped with hellcat missiles- Airstrikes now available in Allied players baseAfter update playingGerman Player *gets beat in one match and complains on forums due to it being ""unfair still""*Allied Player *reads forum comments*..........Allied Player *deletes CoH2 because Relic does not care for Allies*Allied Player *reinstalls*Allied Player *Gets in game and owns both fuels points and more of the map*Allied Player *Loses because new update lets Germans have free Konig Tiger*Allied Player ""Well should have known that Relic is still being a pushover for the Germans""Allied Player *Uninstalls while crying*"
76561198006623538,Recommended,231430,8043699,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,kingrex,I love this game very good graphics  and gameplay  and good story line   dlc keeps you coming back for more  one of the best strategy games of 2013 i think   if your a fan of coh  1  get this game you'll love it  10 out of 10 i think  lots of fun keep up the good work Company of Heroes
76561198094392062,Recommended,231430,11945774,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Lorentas (GER&LTU),Very good game :)
,Recommended,231430,1930018,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,DETrooper,"A lot of people think it's unbalanced, but I disagree. They're just bad."
76561197961181274,Not Recommended,231430,19758596,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Suredeath Hellman,"Still has bugs from COH 1, crap pathing, crap balance."
76561198003801988,Recommended,231430,8664827,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,{F13}senatorbix,This game has come along way since its launch. Not really a tremendous leap forward for the franchise but Relic has updated the graphics and ironed out the game play to make it overal  more enjoyable. Slight balance issues remain but those seem to be becoming less of an issue as new patches are rolled out. I wasn't a huge fan of heaps of dlc this game has but at least they are bringing out new content regularly. By far the top real time strategy game on the market: 9/10.
76561198157958870,Not Recommended,231430,24999310,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Very Obese,It's so unrealistic and easy that I've lost the will to play after a couple of hours.
76561198263346127,Not Recommended,231430,28820995,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Gun And Roses,"I don't like skin germarny's infantry, very bad, GG"
,Recommended,231430,8744153,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,RazoRReeseR,asd
76561198012178622,Recommended,231430,8753649,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Weee!,Cool game! Try it out :D
76561197981903811,Recommended,231430,8688856,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,LuckyLuke,Very good!!!!
76561198065192010,Recommended,231430,9287048,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Sodium,"Great game, aewsome if you are an RTS fan. Lots of fun to play with friends, although the online has gotten a little bit rigged with the commanderes DLC."
76561198214854936,Not Recommended,231430,15333026,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Storm Commando,it sucks i got it and i cant use them in a custom gameEditedI got it to work but my american unfiorms where buged and like it was white like to boots and helmeti asked sega for help to fix it and sent them a screen shot and got no repley after about 3 weeksthey said reinstalli did and it still was bugged then i asked for a refun and they said i had it for to long
76561198019027913,Recommended,231430,8771259,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Caboose,"Fun to play with a group of friends. Not as good as the first, but still fun."
76561198073842992,Recommended,231430,8770914,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Karl Fazer,It's good game
76561197983338347,Recommended,231430,8772083,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Theregrond,too much like an arcade game and not a strategic game
,Recommended,231430,17184389,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Settra,good
,Recommended,231430,9928487,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Spardacus ˙ ͜ʟ˙,Extremely fun and entertaining!
,Not Recommended,231430,23779626,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Anders,"I greatly enjoyed the first CoH but I can't say the same about CoH2. The AI seems extremely stupid and don't talk about the pathing, having units stuck on a bridge is just overly annoying. Also what is up with all these micro transactions, buying skins, commanders etc, I feel like some cash milk cow."
76561197983509350,Recommended,231430,8060089,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Oldwolf,"This series is my favorite game of all time in the RTS genre. It is easy to learn and difficult to master. Vets actualy complain about winning against unskilled players in Multiplayer. Ignore these fools and learn. Beat them and then laugh.  The campaign is beautifully done although, to be clear, I am not a historian so take my opinion with that in mind. I get lost in this game for hours. My wife who does not game will come in and pull up a chair to watch the battles. She flinches when squads walk into a mine field or when I round a corner with a squad and there is a Tiger! Since she likes it so much I had to write a recomendation ;)"
,Recommended,231430,8687054,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Lykaios Azriel,"Pretty fun game in my opinion.  Unlike with Company of Heroes 1, CoH2 allows for more customization of an army and the General's that can be selected.  Granted, commpand trees have been removed but players now have a wider selection of Generals to choose from and can give their armies additional bonus that are earned through simply completing the specified challenges.  Tanks can receive a number of different skins, that can be useful or at least visually stimulating based on the map being played.  One downside to this that I have found is that some of the more ""elite"" generals or unique skins cost money but honestly I would be surprised if there wasn't a way to overcome them with what can be earned for free or what players start with.I found that the campaign was fabulously written, showing the player just as much as telling them the tale of World War 2 from a soldier turned journalist's point of view.  I look forward to seeing if further content, expansions, or sequals will reveal the Japanese and their role in World War 2 or even bringing the Allied Forces  back so that all three factions  (Allies, Axis, and Soviets) can be played in one game."
,Recommended,231430,5562170,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,BIG DDOS,RTS of the decade
,Recommended,231430,8764269,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,lj3online,"Well, I played CoH 1, and was quite pleased with the sequel. Pretty much a good game."
76561198082705132,Recommended,231430,8770469,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,ultimateshogun123uk,THIS IS A BRILLIANT GAME I THOUGHT IT WOULD NOT HAVE BEEN AS GOOD AS THE ORIGINAL BUT IT IS BETTER THE ONLY PROBLEM IS THE LAC OF TEAMS AND UNITS TO PLAY WITH.
76561198152295712,Not Recommended,231430,30784314,Posted: 27 March,all,APEX.RU,"Good game, but..Lacks a few things. It has very inaccurate, very bad story. |(Soviets)| It doesn't have a resolution adjuster. And that, it gets boring after a while. I'd go for something better, like Men of War."
,Recommended,231430,7923071,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,MATRIX,10/10 i love this game
76561198158339573,Not Recommended,231430,30309059,Posted: 3 March,all,Douyu-Komm.492239,"no chinese, so go dead"
76561197965880212,Not Recommended,231430,31370727,Posted: 25 April,all,CCK1125,Not as good as first one. The interface seems more fluent for first one.
,Recommended,231430,12000065,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,McLovin,"Very fun game, sort of like a cod waw remake. Kill streaks for infantry though. One time my riflemen got dogs called in."
76561198047484973,Not Recommended,231430,28506105,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,AmoveHacker,"this game wastes my time so hard , yet i play this♥♥♥♥♥♥everday"
76561198012125995,Recommended,231430,8759986,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,VastShadowz41,A lot of customization and interesting multiplayer lead to great online battles. Campaign is lackluster though.
76561198058030223,Recommended,231430,8749745,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Cpt.Poopyshoes,"Dispite all the reviews and the time I have on this game , it is a very good game just because of the great moments you are apart of and yes i know there are some matches with alot of tank spam and stuff like that ruins it but if you can get some friends and just make your own battle / scenario it is amazing. The game is great and good stagety but its like most others there is a way to spam tanks or some unit that is hard to beat. Instead of being a whinney ♥♥♥♥♥ you have to figure out how to counter and use the game mechinics that does work. Everything matters in the game just try your best and have fun. It is worth the money."
76561198068310770,Recommended,231430,8748433,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,TheOttomatic,THIS IS THE BEST WW2 GAME I EVER PLAYED!!!!!!! THE ONLY SAD PART ABOUT IT IS LOSING TO RUSSIAN CONSCRIPTSPAM BUT OTHER THAN THAT ITS GOOD
,Recommended,231430,8751777,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,M̶u̸-̷A̶l̵p̸h̷a̵,really good and amazing story also has its handful of glitches  interesting level up system all units have a good side and bade side depending witch faction you are germany has more expensive and stronger units the Russians have a little bit weaker units but cheaper the custimizing feature is cool i would give this game a 9/10
76561197971117075,Not Recommended,231430,31209838,Posted: 17 April,all,â„¢Ì‡Ì†ÌŒÍ­Ì…Ì”Ì”Í¨Ì’Í£ÌŽÌ¿²,"If swearing at units that ruin each others day is your thing sure play this, If wondering why a unit on a cliff top can't shoot at units below it yet ones below can shoot up and through it and you enjoy these game breaking situations, or if an AI that's beyond predictable."
76561198045963478,Recommended,231430,7764415,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Cerberus,Good game
76561198060773945,Not Recommended,231430,25763185,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Some dude (Rommel),I ♥♥♥♥ING HATE THE AI PATHING I JUST BASHED MY DEAD NOW 50 OR SO TIME IN 1 HIT OF MENTEL RAGE! FIX THE ♥♥♥♥ING PATHING!
76561198045215240,Not Recommended,231430,25083063,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,HaN,PAY2WIN!!!.
76561198122505314,Not Recommended,231430,24279764,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Masked Saiyan,game is completely broken you can't even play the campaign it says i have to buy it again don't buy this game
76561198041328004,Not Recommended,231430,24237134,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Sync™,"After the end of every single match I play, I get a ""Bugsplat"" error. I've tried absolutely everything the internet offered as a solution and nothing worked...the developers aren't doing anything to solve this problem. If you enjoy bugs and crashes, then buy this expensive game!"
,Not Recommended,231430,23594973,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,DFS,"Congrats, you have just got a pay-to-win game that is highly unbalanced now.To have your prayers answered, add 20 more dollars of DLC and microtransactions to appease your new Sega overlords."
,Recommended,231430,7778472,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,[PDΔ]Wreath Noël,It's a game
,Recommended,231430,9082950,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Keweiler,Best game ever!!!!!!LOVE IT<3
76561198032703965,Recommended,231430,8002201,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,EGY-SA3KA ♠Tarek ♠,Nice Game I love it
,Recommended,231430,8771395,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Godseyeview,Love this game.  Love the DLCs.  wish they made more .   Wish they would keep working on dow2 and release dlcs for dow2.  or work on dawn of war 3.   Keep making more units and commanders and different strategies and maps.   Keep up the good work Relic.   and make Dawn of war 3 with dlcs!!!!!!
76561197993272889,Recommended,231430,32097561,Posted: 31 May,all,poltrojan,"...... our veterans deserve outmost respect from either side, Axis or Allies. You had to be a hardline mofo to do this in real life back in 1940's."
76561198016129633,Recommended,231430,22513366,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,╬ August von Kageneck ╬,The best WW 2 RTS ever.
76561198023824467,Not Recommended,231430,11996250,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,RalphsSaints,This game was the worst 40$ I have ever spent... First of all it has graphical errors and crashes (happens with friends as well) Then after that they copy and paste this game from Tales of Valor (which was amazing) but the thing is is that they have 2 nations uless you want to spend 13 extra dallors to get USA and east Europe. Then what you get with a 40$ game is a crap campain and evenj crappier contries to play as (only USSR and West Germany). I recomend you not buy this game just pas on and tell your freinds to stay clear away from this horrible game...
,Not Recommended,231430,24053735,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Concrete,Pure trash
,Not Recommended,231430,22821824,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,AverageIntellect,Was an alpha tester and this game is the biggest pile of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that relic has ever released. No seriously i'd rather play DOW II then this abomination.
,Recommended,231430,8777624,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,max,it is awsome
76561197992224474,Recommended,231430,8762165,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Pop,"So CoH2....I'm a huge fan and long time player of the CoH franchise. They such fantastic RTS games to play and a testamant to the longevity of the orignal which still plays like a modern game should.I have thoroughly enjoyed the sequel and I believe it has improved on it's predecessor in a multitude of ways.Graphically it is better looking which for the most part should be expected from a newer game.Gameplay is more or less the same which is positive given how rock solid it was in the original. Units feel very similar to control, movements are smooth and reactions are generally fairly quick.The improved vehicle control is fantastic and tanks etc feel much easier to use (the addition of a reverse option is great).Balance is far from perfect but I've yet to feel (as a top 100 2v2 player) that there are combinations/units that are genuinely overpowered nor uncounterable. In any case good players will make them seem this way.The multiplayer maps are feel fairly well designed, the introduction of the winter and summer versions of the same maps gives a great way to subtly change these maps and make them play different.The variety of commanders are fantastic and the option to purchase more, I think, is one of the better ways to handle DLC. There are more than enough free commanders for a player to find one (or more) they enjoy using (and be competitive) without being forced to buy the DLC. The skins are totally optional, which never existed in CoH 1 so you're not being charged for something you previously got for free. Should you decide to purchase them though, they are not expensive.There are lots of players online as well, giving you a good chance of finding a game quickly.However, the campaign is fairly shallow. The missions don't seem as involved as the original nor as challenging. There can also be problems with lag online with the matchmaking system sometimes making some poor matches.If you've played CoH 1 and enjoyed it then I cannot see why you wouldn't also enjoy CoH 2. It modernises elements of the original while keeping the core of the game intact. Given it's now available for alot less than it's orignal selling price it's definately worth the money."
76561198041019314,Recommended,231430,8299846,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,WoWcHeTo,Great game.... The game play is awesome the quality of the game is just really great and it is definetly a huge improvment on the old COH
76561198199572525,Not Recommended,231430,33042018,Posted: 30 June,all,davidjoshua93,The first company of heroes game is far better.
76561198043787903,Not Recommended,231430,29419805,Posted: 22 January,all,fatso catso,dead game
76561198074567340,Recommended,231430,9905702,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,chaos_makr,Probably one of my favorite RTS currently. Can't wait for the DLC to add new factions.
76561198013646660,Recommended,231430,9902405,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,moopretzel,"A must have for all COH 1 fans and RTS fans as well. Beautiful graphics, amazing game engine, and it actually brings realism to Company Of Heroes! A must buy"
76561198029403467,Not Recommended,231430,25388322,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Too_Old_For_This,AI of your troops is incredibly dumb.
,Recommended,231430,30052781,Posted: 20 February,all,long800jx,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα中国玩家顶起来
,Recommended,231430,7999096,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,AttilaTheHun,Similar to Men Of War but way better graphics and story.
76561198030573510,Not Recommended,231430,28438819,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,thejem14,Not a good game. Too much micromanagement.
76561198125801134,Not Recommended,231430,23128018,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,CPU - Standard,I can't play it without Chinese!
,Recommended,231430,8763717,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,クリスデューティー,Smells like.....chicken!!
76561198069179206,Recommended,231430,8754644,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,(Ghost Bear)xKHAOSXLEGIONx,one of the best strategy games i have played since command and conquer 2: red alert for the playstation 1
,Recommended,231430,12516014,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,SanityGamingUK,"brilliant scinerio based ww2 game, I've never played such an intensive , co-op, multiplayer, combat game before :-)"
,Not Recommended,231430,25138178,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Gott mit Uns,"I dont normally write reviews. this time it was enough. I just had to.I have >1000h CoH epxerience, including CoH 1 mainly.My last 3 days playing CoH2 looked all the same. like this:Wait 3 minutes to get auto matched (long isnt it?)Playing as axis is useless in 2v2 because you get completely roasted. and this is not the noob kind of flaming. Due to my experience i can say factions are not balanced. Allies, especially brits (DLC oh what a surprise) is completely op.Brits build a mortar pit that reaches half the map. it has a very realistc function named smth like hull down. During this ability the pit does barely take damage from any kind of weapon. Logical isnt it?So, get roasted. Be angry.Start another round. Mate leaves. Wait 5 minutes more for a new round.Somehow my pc is too slow for the loading menu - all other players are already left in my game in the 3rd round. i guess i left in their game due to disconnect.Conclusion: 15 minute wait time, started 3 games in order to have 1 functioning in the end against op factions with includes nearly garanteed loss.DONT BUY THIS GAME!"
,Not Recommended,231430,24957861,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Ripahar,"F ucking awful s hit, waited 7 years for this turd to slide out of segas as s"
,Recommended,231430,25961721,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Biggest,bought it thinking it was a fps but another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rts
,Not Recommended,231430,32087059,Posted: 31 May,all,chiken,The game is ok but the error 183 destroys all the fun. It crashes and says error 183 failed to crate dump file. If somebody will help me solve it i will set my review to recommanded. Help please!
76561198046675266,Recommended,231430,18222355,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Dustin,A great Real-Time Strategy game much like the original.Multiplayer doesn't work though. Why Steam only fixed the first game and not the second (which costs a lot f*cking more) is beyond me.8/10
,Recommended,231430,7790722,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Randy,Best strategy game ever!
,Not Recommended,231430,11987653,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Libron,"‎DonbassAgainstNazi‬‎RelicEntertainmentAgainstNazi‬The developers of the game, you have to shoot himself as Hitler! Do you think it's been 69 years since the victory and we all forgotten? You think we do not remember their history? No! We still remember, we remember how our villages BURNED, SHOT our people and R(A)PED OUR women. So, developers=successors of the Reich and Hitler. For this game you WILL PAY. And have we come to your house to burn and shoot YOUR LOVED ONES.Yes, we RUSSIANS. The ONLY people in the world who is not afraid of your country, is not afraid of your government and your faking sanctions!We will destroy you for this game !!!-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Разработчики игры, вы должны застрелить себя как Гитлер! Вы думаете, что прошло 69 лет со дня победы и мы всё забыли? Вы думаете мы не помним своей истории? Нет! Мы всё помним, помним как жгли наши деревни, расстреливали наш народ и насиловали НАШИХ женщин. Так вот, разработчики=продолжатели дела Рейха и Гитлера. За эту игру вы заплатите. И уже мы придём в ваши дома, сжигать и расстреливать ваших близких.Да, это мы РУССКИЕ. Единственный народ в мире, который не боится вашей страны, не боится вашего правительства и ваших ёбаных санкций!Мы УНИЧТОЖИМ вас за эту игру!!!"
,Not Recommended,231430,10046047,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Permafrost,I do not recommend this game because it is being used to make todays youth think communism is a good thing when in reality communism is the downfall of humanity because it is controlled by the common israelites. Just as Stalin was an israelite believe it or not its true. I do not support any communism ♥♥♥♥♥♥ry so I do not recommend this game because once again it is teaching the masses that communism is goodTake my warning seriously or fairwell monobrows
76561198086729644,Not Recommended,231430,29843905,Posted: 11 February,all,AttackZha,"No chinese,Bad game"
76561198108139127,Not Recommended,231430,29947950,Posted: 15 February,all,✪ Adam,"Go buy the first one.This one feels like a chinese ripoff of the original, sucks♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198309961940,Not Recommended,231430,31611226,Posted: 7 May,all,Xx_She_was_not_18_xX,cant play even when i have it installed kek
76561198006981628,Not Recommended,231430,8885764,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,DedJim,"Game imbalance. Pay to Win. Still Bugs a year later. Nuff said. Maybe in 5 years when the community hacks the game into something decent and computers can run with this garbage code...UPDATE 2 years later, Relic is the absolute worst dev i can remember. THEY DON'T TEST THEIR PATCHES AND BALANCE AT ALL. They just push crap out to make money."
76561198379707754,Not Recommended,231430,31273430,Posted: 21 April,all,thomas.stratton01,"They should include a disclaimer; this game involves base-building on the battle map. Kind of like in dawn of war, age of empires, and all those other games where they tried to combine tactics and strategy into a single layer, inevitably resulting in a cluster♥♥♥♥."
76561198163107209,Not Recommended,231430,30029954,Posted: 19 February,all,Mattschnitzel,♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing controls
76561198023117252,Not Recommended,231430,23337892,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Kaptain Skyrim,"Don't. Just don't, it's not worth it..."
76561198095116313,Not Recommended,231430,23260196,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,YoungVitaminC,Wtf is wrong whit this♥♥♥♥♥♥ i have payed 20$ and can't play♥♥♥♥♥♥4what did i pay i hate this
76561198099781737,Not Recommended,231430,28381492,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,antidisestablishmentarianism,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
,Not Recommended,231430,33053641,Posted: 30 June,all,George Smith Patton,This game has bad servers and has lots of bugs!
76561198034359392,Not Recommended,231430,25735728,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,-=WilD=-,"This game, have the WORST online community EVER!Its so bad that it took the top place on the worst community from DOTA2.Major balance issues, massive broken mechanics abuse, lots and lots of trolling, ever wondered what it will be like to join a community that is filled with raging 14 y/o's? I wouldnt recommend this game even for free!If you dont believe me, watch reviews on youtube"
,Recommended,231430,25471833,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Jason Strife,"""Die you fascist pigs"" Allied players to Axis players""Go to hell you capitalist swines"" Axis players to Allied players""Doesn't that make all of us the same?"" myself11/10 would play on both sides again for the laughs"
,Not Recommended,231430,23684879,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Buddha Fett,Just no
76561198018813607,Not Recommended,231430,24548983,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Yadvo,"This game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ And when I mean absolute, I mean it in the North Korea style.♥♥♥♥♥♥ And absolute.PAY TO WINOnly 2 out of 5 of factions are available if you decide not to buy DLCs. Not to mention that even after you buy all the DLCs, in order to stand chance aginst other players, you have to also purchase ""Commanders"" which have unique abbilities that can turn the tide of battle. Ofcourse, each one of them costs ~4 euro. Grinding them is absolute pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and might take you WEEKS to get one.I MEAN WHAT THE F*#$%K.MULTIPLAYERPrepare to face the pleb that leaves after losing 1 unit. Yeah, you do not get punished for leaving a game. Most of the mcf@#knuggets that do not manage to capture oil depos within 5 mins since start, will leave. They just don't give a flying f$%k and will destory another 5 games before they succeed.NO BALLANCEThe TIGER TANK has lower range than a GOD DAMN MACHINEGUN. Yeah, thats how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is. Oh, and forget about unit diversity when playing as Wehrmacht. Becouse before you get to late game, you will be obliterated by blobs of infantry. Yeah, spamming 2 units for 30 minutes is the meta.DEVELOPERSDont even get me started on them. Geez, istead of taking their time to figure out why top of the ladder is populated only by the Brits, they make pools about how to improve their crappy PAY 2 WIN model."
76561198021375431,Not Recommended,231430,34304640,Posted: 17 August,all,夕阳下的奔跑,"Sell in China, without Chinese, what are you thinking?Though my English is well ,but I wanna say ""f uck you SEGA"" ......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198109584195,Not Recommended,231430,28860806,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,623095881,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
76561198128951692,Not Recommended,231430,29953888,Posted: 15 February,all,NomadBear,"never ending crashes. and of course there is no support for these games any more,"
76561198129712922,Not Recommended,231430,30052462,Posted: 19 February,all,革命尚未成功,I need Chinese
,Not Recommended,231430,28604072,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Real_Pinochet,rts version of euro truck simulator
76561198006738298,Not Recommended,231430,33543645,Posted: 14 July,all,elitehunter666,Should be called Company of Crashes at all the wrong times 2.
,Not Recommended,231430,34911443,Posted: 12 September,all,[Hami]™,"Sell in China, without Chinese, what are you thinking?Though my English is well ,but I wanna say ""f uck you SEGA"" ......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,231430,23804490,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,.[UG]Vladimir ☭,"The campaign is awful. Relic spits on the history of the soviet union. They insult every fallen soviet soldier with this campaign. Instead of heroism or bravery they showed cowardness and idiotism. By the logic of Relic the soviet union must have fallen at winter 1941 because how stupid lazy and such cowards the characters are.  By the logic of Relic the nazi´s are the ""good"" one´s and not the soviets. Campaign is a waste of time. Gameplaywise i can recommend it. Have some friends it´s even more fun.Campaign = NoMultiplayer or skirmishfights = yes"
76561198077856540,Not Recommended,231430,31422690,Posted: 28 April,all,IJN_Taiho,This game is not balance anymore COH1 is MORE!!! Balance than COH2♥♥♥♥♥♥always do everything for Axis Easy to play Just Blob and win.!  WTF Is that u call RTS game for you? Just stop i can't handle this♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore goodbye Company of NAZI!!!!!
,Not Recommended,231430,9261522,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Grenadeh,"If you're  a fan of RTS, I would strongly recommend you avoid this game. Sure, it ""can"" be fun, but the multiplayer - the chief component of the game - even now after thorough improvements, amounts to a lot of infuriating ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t the more that you play it.So much worse than the original CoH.This game was so insanely unbalanced when it came out and for months afterwards. Relic finally made it halfway playable, and then to celebrate they released Western Front which made the game 100x more broken than ever before.Stay away from this game. Relic patches it once every few months and instead of fixing the 2+ years running balance issues, they introduce new features like decals and victory strike to keep people playing because the drop rate for these items is less than .01%. In addition, they basically make the game balanced and functional up until the point where they are prepping a new DLC for release - thus far they've added 3 new factions and every time they did, screwed up what was a balanced game at the time.Relic has a 5 year plan for DLC for this game, meaning we still have 3 years of DLC to put up with. If that's your bag, good for you. I won't be playing it online anymore."
76561198130460832,Not Recommended,231430,23984086,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,unregistered hypercam 7,This game is broken af dont play it dont buy it because the only thing you will get are rage attacks because this game is too damn broken. :)
76561198004097585,Not Recommended,231430,33532815,Posted: 14 July,all,吉姆雷诺,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
,Not Recommended,231430,31371054,Posted: 26 April,all,KamikazeCommie,2.3 GB update with no explanation? Don't ♥♥♥♥in think so m80s. Boring game anyways
76561198073566846,Not Recommended,231430,30033291,Posted: 19 February,all,[BOT]BOB,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
76561198302512373,Not Recommended,231430,23800933,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,aznrobotkid,bought this game and installed it and everything. why does is still not launch or start????
76561198045529726,Not Recommended,231430,23918111,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,[260G]Kay-licious,0/10
76561198025843848,Not Recommended,231430,29631774,Posted: 1 February,all,Tmaista,"They are not completing balance patches fast enough, indirect fire spam is strong and random. They posted that they were going to nerf, playing against american mortar two games in a row has deserved coh to get a downvote, the balance patch should have been here long ago. If its going to take long they should have just removed the mortar from the game until they designed it properly."
,Not Recommended,231430,31334897,Posted: 24 April,all,✪Rammy,one of the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ games ive ever played if u do a 3v3 the odds are ur ai are♥♥♥♥♥♥and just stay at base while the other ai are ♥♥♥♥ing throwing men with sticks at you and some how always win the conflict this is the most unbalanced game ive ever played if u wanna have fun and lay back i do not recomend this game♥♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198079040028,Not Recommended,231430,32127766,Posted: 2 June,all,党卫军精英队,"It`s very funny to slander Soviet army?It`s very funny to deny the history rather than respect history?How shame and sick it is!And more,awful game balanece."
76561198304934522,Not Recommended,231430,23188743,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,EZ2remember,Stupid game doesnt even launch. Waste of money.
,Recommended,231430,25500469,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Buns,gardening blobbers
,Not Recommended,231430,26269007,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Cormano 💰,есть смысл играть только за 卐
76561197993137176,Not Recommended,231430,30675741,Posted: 22 March,all,Tyrant,"It's too hard, I don't get it."
,Not Recommended,231430,32038794,Posted: 29 May,all,JERRY_LaW -M- NTC,ok
76561198351630465,Not Recommended,231430,30001099,Posted: 17 February,all,Korean Jesus,What I gave this game:-Hours of my life-20$-My virginity-A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviewWhat this game gave me:-DepressionBottom line:-Trash graphics even on max settings-Autistic game tutorial that dosnt work-No crossplatform match makingDont waste a single Shmeckle on this♥♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198143328487,Not Recommended,231430,33447990,Posted: 10 July,all,DippNShaush,this game has no purpose but to confuse the hell out of anyone who has never played a RTS
76561198234252720,Not Recommended,231430,32123691,Posted: 2 June,all,一梦三百年,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα中国玩家顶起来
76561198358198485,Not Recommended,231430,30023954,Posted: 18 February,all,zhang,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
76561198098729200,Not Recommended,231430,29986369,Posted: 17 February,all,Father,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
76561198034545371,Recommended,231430,7999656,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,hssaints30,Great game!! Has a steap learning curve.
,Not Recommended,231430,25487326,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,King Kang Kong,Relic still haven't learned from the past.A 2016 RTS game and we can't even change our keybinds...what a ♥♥♥♥ing joke!
76561198129709006,Not Recommended,231430,25504521,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,InterstingHa,no chinese ♥♥♥♥ sega
76561198141925177,Not Recommended,231430,30003190,Posted: 18 February,all,GTMDace,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα中国玩家顶起来
76561198006766561,Not Recommended,231430,23994380,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,-= (✠) *#Ep0k#* (✠) =-,"crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,crap game,"
,Not Recommended,231430,31428741,Posted: 28 April,all,Pvt.Franky,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, rather I infect myself with aids than playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥Should've spent this money to africa, helping Joseph Kony with this"
,Not Recommended,231430,29983901,Posted: 17 February,all,For$ure Gråh0[T],"Yeah, Russians are always bad guys lol. Nazis were so good, Muricans are so good, UK colonialists are so nice, they didn't kill anyone, just few millions each. GG!"
76561198039874616,Not Recommended,231430,29979477,Posted: 17 February,all,小小小小小小小小钢炮,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
,Not Recommended,231430,28664715,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,IKi,Racist game for Russians! Never will play this again!
76561198209342769,Recommended,231430,25488300,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Malaka39,"If you like being gay, this game is for you fagot.10/10 would gay again"
,Recommended,231430,30381773,Posted: 7 March,all,weedreaper,I enjoy CoH2 for the fast paced combat.I mostly play skirmish and find the AI to be aggressive and fun to play against.
76561198110950754,Recommended,231430,30390458,Posted: 8 March,all,ChrisPbacon,iv got alot off hours out off this game over all a very good game 8/10
76561198067724303,Recommended,231430,30421298,Posted: 9 March,all,Spawno2,Comrade Stalin did nothing wrong!
,Recommended,231430,23004431,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Imperator-class Titan,"Really nice WW2 RTS game. I really enjoyed playing this game and i dont regret those hours that i played this game. Only campaign is weaker but the Ardennes assault Dlc campaign is worth buying.For multiplayer i recommend buying all dlc factions (at least OKW and American forces), because Soviet union and Wermacht werent enough for me."
76561198045038192,Recommended,231430,30425161,Posted: 10 March,all,Hieu dai bang,next sale i gonna purchase all of dlc gud game
76561198006834339,Recommended,231430,30401630,Posted: 8 March,all,Smilodon,"PC specs: Windows 10 Ultimate, FX-8350 @4.5ghz, R290x stock, 32gb ram, SS HDTLDR:  Great game if you love WWII, runs well on my aging system at maxI am an avid fan of WWII genre and RTS style games. If you fall into either one of those categories, then you must have this game.  The graphics are beautiful, the teams and how they function feel like a combined arms type of warfare that anyone can get into.  You will cower in fear when shells bounce of tanks that are coming your way.  While some may say the game is unbalanced, that can be true if you are new. Certain factions are harder to play. Commanders also add a good mix of gameplay and you dont always see the same units and strategy all the time.  I just wish there were more factions sometimes, like the Italians.  As with many WWII games online, the Germans are over populated, but I guess everyone just wants to be a fascist lol.  Would hilghy recommend for multiplayer with friends."
76561198155930916,Recommended,231430,30432303,Posted: 10 March,all,Mr. Rompers,Quality RTS
76561197986928205,Recommended,231430,7830337,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,nebanon,awesome game and tons of fun
,Recommended,231430,7412785,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Groove,"Cruel, Brutality.. and Madness"
76561197978429880,Recommended,231430,790422,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Dacanty,Intense and mind blowing combat! An absolute must buy!
76561197970243276,Recommended,231430,7834771,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,ray charles,meh
76561198024570694,Recommended,231430,3550616,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Sturmkoopa,"Takes all the boring bits out of the RTS and leaves you with the essence of tactics, strategy and fun. Plus it has an amazing level of content! Balance issues have been a problem, as have DLC content changes but overall the good outweighs the bad. To top it off, when this game shines and you get a match/battle/scenario that reaches the intesity the developers intended, the flaws are easy to overlook as is the result of the battle as the pure thrill takes over"
76561198024278107,Recommended,231430,18833833,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Volksgrenadier,This is the best ever...hope they bring more und more armees to this great game.
76561198007393646,Recommended,231430,8716851,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Lambert,You can control things. Top down.
76561198027038438,Recommended,231430,18847502,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,WarmasterBoreas,>Play Company of heroes 2>Plays USSR first time>conscript spam with PPSH-41>gets destroyed by british chaps&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥blayt.exe>gg wp>Plays Whermacht>Panther spam>Destroy everything in 100 meters!>gg wp :D>Insert Deutschland Uber Alles HereNein/8 will spam AT again
,Recommended,231430,18832091,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Steigerz,"Alot of fun, but lacks historical accuracy"
,Recommended,231430,30601203,Posted: 18 March,all,TeamMasterGaming Youtuber,I realy like this gamr but when you compleat a misson you dont Unlock the German mission why not add German And British and the other german Misson to the Game that wood be Cool
76561198128021390,Recommended,231430,12380429,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,scarfaced_puma,i like the game but it keeps frekin freezing up
76561198031003102,Recommended,231430,18935452,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,The great leader,Awesome game. Recommend it to anyone who like WW2 or RTS.
76561198114366522,Recommended,231430,18958027,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,ω ʙɪᴋɪɴɪ-,play wif co-cp okplay wif other but i am low lvl oso get kick
,Recommended,231430,18963164,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,anakin996312,Very good game. But still first COH is best
76561198107891318,Recommended,231430,18944602,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Patmow,Play Allies and get Blobed and Panzerekt
,Recommended,231430,17108070,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,General Veers,"The Germans are abit OP but I guess thats pretty much what WW2 was about, Germany being OP..."
,Recommended,231430,19116273,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Vlad,"Although this game has a lot of dlc's and deserves criticism for that, CoH2 is a great sequel to CoH1 which i am a big fan of."
,Recommended,231430,19153105,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Mountain,"Amazing game. Period. Has it's fair shar of issues, but Relic updates every couple months with fixes and changes the dynamic up, which is nice for sure. Anyone who is a WW2 fan should not think twice about buying the game. Extremely fun game at the core, and the WW2 asthetic makes it all the merrier."
76561197981544044,Recommended,231430,19133103,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Major Winters,Such an immense game! Would make my pets play it if I could!
,Recommended,231430,9118498,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Snuggles Please,Tightest community around.
,Recommended,231430,15778292,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,24Karat csgoroll.com,Awesome Game!
76561198155737496,Recommended,231430,19057783,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,marlattws,need more mods that are free like coh1
76561198199191834,Recommended,231430,19209421,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,✪ B3AST,Very good game recommended to play with friends
76561198088545115,Recommended,231430,19214116,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Lastkraftwagenfahrer,i like it
,Recommended,231430,19212283,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Rampage,"""Have a grenade you buggers!"" Lol/lol 2015 IGN"
,Recommended,231430,6955935,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,mr anip,haha
,Recommended,231430,6488532,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Tactical Breathing,No reason not to get!!!
,Recommended,231430,1844825,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Antagonist,망겜의 포스 2
76561198036779817,Recommended,231430,10879769,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,seigibozu,awesome WW2 stuff
76561198081299942,Recommended,231430,10880229,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Fetty Whopper,Im trying to play the damn game and it keeps telling me i have to purchase it when  I already have...I'm getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198096880078,Recommended,231430,10873356,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,GalneJanne,nice!
,Recommended,231430,10939832,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,meatball_dude,Deutschland über alles.
76561198028100403,Recommended,231430,10919316,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,INGO,One of the most amazing RTS games I have ever played.
,Recommended,231430,10919428,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,USMC Swede,"COH2 is a great continuation from the first COH and takes everything that was great with the first one and made it better.There was an issue with balance with units but Relic has been on the ball when it comes to updating and tweaking COH2.  With the recent release of Western Front's, they did a big adjustment to the mechanics of the gameplay and forces you to micro manage more which makes the strategy aspect that much more entertaining.There was a huge lag issue during its initial release but has now been forgotten about after their successful updates."
76561198016491159,Recommended,231430,10921495,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lone Wonderer,"Despite all the negative reviews from media outlets, COH2 is an excellent game with gorgeous graphics. I highly recommend it to anyone who is an RTS fan."
,Recommended,231430,10921791,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,EL RUFIAN,Pretty cool game
76561198126889358,Recommended,231430,30481530,Posted: 12 March,all,AhTheBone,Love the game If anyone likes stratagy rts games that are in world war two I recommend this game for you.
76561198003125540,Recommended,231430,10990547,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,MadScientist85,Awesome. If you love RTS you will love this game!
76561198061374122,Recommended,231430,10990911,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,blaze626,amazing game but u will need a fairly powerful computer to play it at all and have fun.
76561198006589025,Recommended,231430,10991030,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,shonmc,I can not get it to start
,Recommended,231430,10993326,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,YggdrasilsSword,"Company of Heroes 2 is one of the few RTS games that I genuinely find enjoyable. Much like the original Company of Heroes and Dawn of War II, this is a game that rewards careful tactical consideration and a diverse combined-arms strategy. The campaign is only okay, but the multiplayer (or even simply skirmish matches against the AI) is where this game has great replay value. Be warned, there is no single-copy LAN play, but nowadays you can occassionally find this game on sale and get two copies cheaply, so that is not as much an issue as when the game initially released at full price.Company of Heroes 2 distinguishes itself from its predecessor by focusing on the eastern front of World War II. The game features two playable armies, the Soviet Union's Red Army and the German Eastern Front army: the Wehrmacht Ostheer. These two teams are different but well-balanced.In general, the Red Army has the advantage of quantity, such as having larger squads and cheaper vehicles, while the Germans have small squads of elite soldiers and more expensive but stronger vehicles. Because of their strength in numbers, the Soviets can more easily reinforce their units, and can even use their generic conscript soldiers to reinforce other squads on the fly. Meanwhile, the Germans gain technology levels as the fight progresses, unlocking more elite soldiers and more tactical options. Of the two, the Soviets are a bit simpler to play, but neither army lacks for depth.I am pleased to see that this game has been well-supported since its original launch. With the Western Front Armies expansion, the game has moved in a new direction. Replacing the old level up rewards system, the game now sports a reward drop system called ""War Spoils,"" which allows players to gain items that were previously exclusive to overpriced DLC or pre-orders. Furthermore, the pack adds new Western Front maps and two new armies to the game. Even if you don't own Western Front, you can still play on the maps online, and face both human and AI opponents using the new armies.The main addition of this expansion is the two new armies, effectively doubling the number of playable teams in the game. These armies are the U.S. Forces and the German Oberkommando West. Like Company of Heroes: Opposing Fronts, the game now has two German armies, but each is unique. Though they still aren't the Panzer Elite of the old game, the German West Army focuses heavily on mechanized forces. Meanwhile, the U.S. is designed as a highly mobile and versatile team, capable of triggering special abilities on the go and outmaneuvering opponents to flank them with relative ease.Company of Heroes 2 is an impressive game and a worthy sequel to one of the greatest RTS games in PC history. I hope that many others come to enjoy and appreciate this game as I already have, and I recommend it to anyone who will listen wholeheartedly."
76561198086062278,Recommended,231430,10994425,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,frisch21,My big problem with this game is they took away a lot of the defensive capabilities from the player you can no longer use engineers to throw up wire or tank traps you have to have the commander selected that allows you to do so really thats my only problem and the commanders its kinda cool but not a fan
,Recommended,231430,10994698,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,GenSeed,"It took me a while to warm to it, but eventually I left the original Company of Heroes behind.The automatch feature works, and the new expansion with the Americans and Oberwest Germans seems to have added a few new dimensions.It's normal price of $50 is reasonable.  I remember when I used to pay $100 for games.  If you can get it for $25 it's a damn good buy."
76561197993038270,Recommended,231430,10953728,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,GhostDog,Piyasadaki en iyi RTS
76561198027149262,Recommended,231430,3767463,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,ATRAX Waldo,"It's a good game. I owned all three previous installments of the Company of Heroes franchise and each was satisfying, Relic has done a good job keeping the basic spirit alive after THQ's demise. This game was no different, taking the basic COH formula and refining it. New mechanics such as true sight make it even better. The most controversial aspect of the game was paid DLC commanders which unfortunately earned the game a P2W tag.Relic has with the release of the standalone Western Front Armies implemented a new system called War Spoils. Based off the loot drops from Team Fortress 2 and other similar games everything from decorative skins to gameplay enhancing bulletins and game changing commanders have a chance to drop after a certain amount of time spent playing ingame and no new DLC has been released since the expansion. As of the time I'm writing this the system is still in its infancy with the time to acheive a drop being called ""Korean grind level"" and with duplicate drops plauging the system that are as of right now completely useless. In time this will be patched but as of now it is a causing the community to spit fire at Relic.For specs this game is CPU and GPU intensive, my rig is able to handle everything on the highest settings with only a minimal slowdown during action heavy scenes.  An i7 or overclocked i5 is recommended and a graphics card that wasn't in the bargin bin should work well. Also 4 gigs of RAM is recommended but more would do you well, it's not like RAM is that expensive. For the operating system it is incompatible with XP requiring Vista or later and there have been reports of problems with Windows 8.1 running in compatibility mode or not running at all so with either the oldest common OS or newest there might be problems.The Campaign in the base game follows a Russian officer through the ""Great Patriotic War"" as he narrates it from inside a Gulag to his former commanding officer, or that's what I gathered. This also caused a lot of controversy when the game was originally released due to the supposed poor depiction of Russians in the game. I'm not getting into that but a lot of review aggregating sites like Metacritic had their user scores poisoned by angered Russians or wannabe Russians so take them with a grain of salt.The campaign is also supplemented by singleplayer DLC packs which as of now all focus on the early Eastern Front called the Theatre of War. These packs have a menagerie of missions some solo, some with you playing with AI and others allowing you to play cooperatively. The Theatre of War feature has been left barren as of late with no new packs released in recent memory but the ones available are decent challenges.For the multiplayer it does have matchmaking which is ranked but it willl of course take a few games for the algorythym that Relic uses to figure out your play level and match you accordingly. AFK players sometimes crop up as do team killers but if you'd rather avoid them you can play in custom games against your friends or AI. Relic releases large balancing patches monthly with smaller patches weekly so if you have very limited bandwidth keep an eye out.Final Verdict 8/10 Recomended if on sale to allow purchase of WFA expansion.Main point drops are the War Spoils System which is right now broken, high DLC prices and mediocre community morale and attitude.Rig Stats.Processor: i7 3770KGPU: GTX 680RAM: 16 GBOS: Windows 7 64 Bit"
,Recommended,231430,8465024,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,sub.gosu,Not as ground-breaking or balanced as the original. If Relic carefully updates and releases an expansion adding more factions it should morph into a great game over time.
,Recommended,231430,8465168,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,FLAPPYpo,<3 this game!!!!@~@!~@~@@#$@!$#@#%!#%$!@
76561198041014776,Recommended,231430,8465298,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,ravenlie,"EPIC high action, challenge and content!!!"
76561198026487542,Recommended,231430,8466946,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,BlueStar Longrodvonhugenburg,I own company of heroes 1 i played it loved it company of heroes 2 was a step up from the first one it was really great i recommend it.
76561197964604644,Recommended,231430,8467080,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Panzerman105,"This game is great, but the amount of micro transactions is annoying and the leveling system is a slow grind.  Personally I love to play coop against the computer."
,Recommended,231430,8467718,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Eat | Pray | Thug,10/10 would kill the capitalist pigs with the zeal of the mighty proletariat again
,Recommended,231430,8508120,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Dr.Killinger,It was ok - still doesn't beat the original
76561198093490266,Recommended,231430,7217793,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,ecy726,This is Really a good game.
,Recommended,231430,8510064,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Johatm,Absolutely amazing!
76561197990642883,Recommended,231430,8511037,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Bo ze pro',great game ! buy it
76561198000685809,Recommended,231430,8499676,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Erico Pollinese,"Killing natzis is fun, especially when your own troops get in the way and are deemed a reasonable loss."
76561198045542015,Recommended,231430,8500302,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Sulfaid,Leave it to Relic to make a game as good as sex.
76561197992885225,Recommended,231430,8500878,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,trailofdad,Really glad they kept this alive. Great game.
,Recommended,231430,8502069,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Randy,Company of Hereos with better graphics! Better sound effects! Bad campaign. Multiplayer is boss! And pretty cool DLC.
,Recommended,231430,8503828,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ZzuW,Been playing the COH series since the start and COH2 is yet another masterpiece!
76561198075444899,Recommended,231430,8491213,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,SL3Pro74,this game is fun i just finished the campaign (Captain)...and i had a blast!..eventually i will build the nerve up to play online skirmish i am about to start on the theater of wars..its just plain fun unless you get too technical..and then its still fun..lol
76561198071192328,Recommended,231430,8492600,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,JoshM84,"Better than the first, more options on the battle field. Some things about the first game are missed but the second makes up for them."
76561197974944666,Recommended,231430,8494186,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,=(† EG)= RedYankee,Great sequel to one of the best RTS games ever!
76561198005648939,Recommended,231430,8494914,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,pgmoney,"great game lots of fun needs less dlc and more players, if you like the first you will most likely like this one also."
,Recommended,231430,8495468,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,RustyZipper,"7/10 If you are looking at this game for the purpose of extending the same experience you had with the original Company of Heroes then you might be a bit dissapointed.   Company of Heroes is definitely it's own game for better or worse that's up to you.  I really enjoyed that they finally decided to cover the eastern front and include additional weaponry that wasn't covered in the original CoH.  The mechanics, look, and feel of the game is where most individuals take issue, I wouldn't say that it is worse just different.  The pace of the game seems to be about on par but the units behave differently in how they take damage and deal it.  Also the tanks feel less kinetic but more realistic in the sense that armor and positioning make a big difference on whether or not a round will deal damage.  If you are a huge fan of the fast paced E-Sports scene or a big fan of WWII strategy games then I give you my recommendation to buy, otherwise it's a pass for the average gamer."
76561198007656822,Recommended,231430,11184707,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Recon Strider,"This is an awesome game, DOWNLOAD IT!!!"
76561198003562287,Recommended,231430,11184969,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Koma(KCY),"I heard lots of people dont like this game compares to COH1.Most of dislike is because of the Russian Story seems like bias.But if we only talking about the system and the gameplay, it actually introduce some new features in COH2.I must to say this game was fun and I would recommend this game if you like real time stratgy game."
76561198010820354,Recommended,231430,11197475,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Dadio_d2 ™╬,great game
76561198031396816,Recommended,231430,11198335,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Aniken,"Playing it for the first time after Company of Heros 1, You struggle a little to figgure out how things work. There are many changes, and its a little more complicated, but it has the heart of COH1. The graphics do look a littllllle bit better, but nothing drastic.Overall, after a few matchs, u can get the hang of it, and it is very fun.But nothing could ever take COH1's place as the best Strategy game period.I only reccomend it to those who have strong strategy gaming friends to team up with... otherwise its a mess xD"
76561198136944414,Recommended,231430,11200816,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,The Munster,Plays great love the gameplay.
,Recommended,231430,11205295,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,The Carton,"I tenatively recommend this game to people seeking a multiplayer Real Time Strategy game with fast paced modern combat. By modern combat I mean combined arms manuevers involving supressing fire, artillery, and tank combat. The single player is complete garbage and is almost unplayable. If you're interested in this game, buy only one army at first and see if you like the online play. Because essentially that's all there is. Not that I'm complaining, the online play was the best part of COH1.Beware this is kind of a pay-to-play game! Some players invest in ""premium"" commanders and will probably wipe the floor with you at some point. Thankfully, that doesn't happen often.So why recommend it at all? Because it defies that boring RTS trope of economy and combat being seperate entities. Resource points are physical areas that automatically increase your economy, so taking and holding ground is a goal in and of itself. Also, the graphics are good and the sound is amazing. Tanks battles in particular are lovingly animated with burnt-out hulls, ammo explosions, indepdently damaged systems, and ricocheting shells.  Being something of a history nerd will make this game more enjoyable. But don't expect realism. Balance always takes precendence over realism in the patches.Perfect game for people who want to play a more tactical, less hardcore Starcraft."
76561198014151245,Recommended,231430,11206764,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,james.aitchison,i cant get into the campain levels please HELP
76561198019099209,Recommended,231430,11207053,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Halli,Really enjoy this game
76561198062646456,Recommended,231430,11207451,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Hannibal The Collector,.
76561198021740440,Recommended,231430,11188935,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Crazy_Zaytsev,I preordered this game and have seen it change a lot since it was introduced. The game does have a high learning curve for those that are unfamiliar with the COH franchise. I never really played much of COH1 online and I was and still am not the best player but I have learned from my losses which are many! If you are looking for a game that is easy to pick up and play at first then I would not recommend this game for you. This game takes some time getting used to and learning each and every factions strengths and weaknesses. I don't mean to say it is not enjoyable because it is! The thing I love is how a single mortar round can change a battle if it lands in the right spot!So give it a try and see you on the battlefield!
,Recommended,231430,3349596,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Dick the Ripper,"With the Western Fronts expansion released, I felt like I needed to make a new review. The game is a solid RTS which builds on its famous predecessor. The vanilla factions with the additional DLC commanders are well fleshed out and the two new armies add an interesting new playstyle to the board.If you liked the old COH, then you will like this one as it improves on the old formula and adds a couple of new things to the mix, such as customizable vehicle skins and choosing your own decks of commanders/bulletins(unit specializations).A treat for any RTS fan."
76561198039136708,Recommended,231430,10958433,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,BobaFlex,Great game if you like RTS.
,Recommended,231430,10961101,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TommyKing5,This game is perfect for a strategy enthusiast! It's great also if you enjoy the history of World War II.
76561198004869585,Recommended,231430,10984282,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Big Egg,"This game is aweseome. If you don't play it then you are a Communist; or a Fascist or a Capitalist which ever offends you more. Actually scratch that, if you dont play this game then you are gurd derm Hippy.**actual review**Company of Heroes 2 is basically a reskin of the first Company of Heroes with a few extra cool game mechanics added; this isn't a bad thing. The game is great fun to play, the units feel alive and the vechicles ARE made from metal.Personally I look forward to the addition of British troops like in the first game and also perhaps and expansion to the pacific for Japanese troop choices.Buy this game."
,Recommended,231430,10987715,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Scion,Fantastic game! Loads of fun when played online with friends.
76561198072487686,Recommended,231430,6689793,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,renagadeleader,"Ton of Fun, Great RTS, BTW get the First one before you buy this one, its cheaper and you can see if you like it."
76561198014924427,Recommended,231430,10989185,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,irishmdiv,The WAR SPOILS system sucks. I'm actually in the military and don't have the time to commit playing hours connected to servers to earn commanders. Just wish I could give you my money for them.
,Recommended,231430,11000311,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Salty Slug,DAMN IT DAMN IT DAMNIT .....too slow pc makes the game in waves
76561198065711376,Recommended,231430,7621911,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,leitianhero,不知道为什么这么多老玩家说英雄连2不好，至少我觉得在游戏性上英雄连2真的不错，是我看好的第三个具有发展前景的即时战略游戏模式。世嘉收购后狂出DLC赚钱确实不厚道，但游戏性真的非常不错
76561198009311728,Recommended,231430,11024846,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,EchosAroundU,"Awesome Strategic War Game, Nothing else like it out there. Definately at the top of my list for must play games."
76561198003138923,Recommended,231430,10777070,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,NO THANK YOU BASED GOD,Not like CoH 1 but with the new expansion it's pretty interesting
76561198063732668,Recommended,231430,10828006,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Icecoldwind,really great game
76561198038800454,Recommended,231430,4543773,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,ZoonJohn,yolo
,Recommended,231430,10831552,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,[A-Team]LECHIP,"Great tactical strategy game. You can focus on micro and less on base building which is my favorite part, I personally do not enjoy much the elements of base building on an RTS. Tactical playing is everything in this game: troops positioning, abilities well applied, countering and flenking. It  makes it more of a reallistic strategy game and adds a lot of depth to the cool historical elements it takes from, like the different weapons, armies and terrains."
76561198038336094,Recommended,231430,10832355,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Boss Hog & Co.,yowzers
76561198004156436,Recommended,231430,11496438,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Guarnere★USA★,Absolutely amazing strategy game. More fun the more friends you play with
,Recommended,231430,11484118,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Jake,Great game. Lots of fun and very challenging. If you liked the first one then you will definetly like this game.
76561198021650790,Recommended,231430,11485336,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,xenom or riot,"If you buy the regular version, it unlocks the campaign and you can still play multiplayer. If you buy one of the forces packs, like I did, you only get the multiplayer. Despite this, the multiplayer can be very fun. I'd rather pay the $13 than the $40."
76561198106008958,Recommended,231430,11485870,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,sap7,GOOD
76561198014406565,Recommended,231430,11508231,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Sonja,"Just love this game, looking fwd to more single player story dlc!"
76561198041316668,Recommended,231430,11477900,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,DeJaVu,"I bought the game, but can't play the russians or the main campaign. In steam it says I already own the game. What's up whit that?"
76561198068064781,Recommended,231430,11477905,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,xSuperkid,One of the best strategy ww2 games
76561197985076429,Recommended,231430,11478606,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,lrj_36,Fantastic
76561198084577877,Recommended,231430,11479654,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,KingJohn,its amzing
76561198007320539,Recommended,231430,11480134,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Veritus,One of the few good Multiplayer RTS that are available. Must have !
76561198075738267,Recommended,231430,6804245,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,[__h.stickeye_],"Great multiplayer, engaging and fun campaign, and co-op too!  Somewhat of a learning curve if you havent played COHO, but managebale nonetheless."
,Recommended,231430,19233434,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Rave,love it
,Recommended,231430,19227549,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Del of Tacs,"Some people say this isn't historically accurate.  I say prove it.  I am now in hiding due to the KGB hunting me down.The singleplayer campaigns (Russian and American) are pretty fun, however, there's nothing that matches the beginning of CoH1 with the beach landings on Omaha beach.  But CoH2 does a pretty good job at telling a story I'd expect to see in a blockbuster film.  It is accurate in that the Soviets were hard♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it doesn't quite tell the whole story.  I mean, if the Germans were knocking down your door and you just soiled yourself, wouldn't you throw tons of people into a fire?  Just me?  Hmm...Skirmish wise, I've spent hours building a little army to send across the map and demolish the computer's fortifications.  Nothing like sweet sweet domination.  Oh, and there's a multiplayer, if you're into that kind of thing.  So if you love World War II and mindless killing, pick this up.  And don't forget to buy some camo for your vehicles because those end of game paradrops aren't gonna get you through community college!"
,Recommended,231430,19219522,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Morency Krystian,love it
76561198161181516,Recommended,231430,19174625,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Alex D.,Great game but be aware you must buy a lot of DLC if you want the full experience.
76561198061129887,Recommended,231430,10075402,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,deadeyemarley91,"I really love this game, it's lots of fun and probably the coolest WWII game ever in the RTS world. Combat feel of the game is realistic in use of weapons. There are a few things that could be better in the game, but it's so fun you usaully forget about it. Things to take not of none of the AI's use defensive or artillery commanders in skirmish. I personally think some of the axis units are a little OP, but thats just me. Plus every update that comes out is constantly changing the price of units, health, armor, damage, range, price, and recharge times of abilities. Plus the commanders are over price for what little they offer in abilities and new units. 8/10Pros*fun WWII game play.*realistic combat.*realistic damage done to infantry and tanks.*lots of maps and moods in the steam work shop.Cons*games been made better through dlc releases (aka micro transactions).*lots of balance updates do to allied and axis players claming each others units are OP.*a few poor sport players that leave the match  at the first sign of trouble and blame there team mates for being noobs even if they aren't."
,Recommended,231430,19175260,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,bgcoull,Entertaining and diverse. Quite addictive.
,Recommended,231430,19205609,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Toblerone,Great game!
76561198040576441,Recommended,231430,19206201,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,independent,"Beautiful gameBut we need to develop in terms of the fees because in my view the first part advanced from this pointThere is a beautiful increases for the first part but we still want more in order not to leave toysNow there are five of the Allied armies 3 and 2 of the axis must be balanced by the addition of the Royal Italian Army equated to the rest of the armies that follow the European front in general added, or add a new branch of the German army. Add some soldiers and generals, increase defense buildings, in particular the West German army has no Sawa some generals defensive buildings while others do not have any defensive building.Add some sound effects that Hamas more than play like voice:1. The air raid siren.2. add a sound, microphone to urge the soldiers through the broadcast spirited words such as ""for the Fatherland"" and be heard by all the players during the attack or defense.3. Add some songs on the global war, whether real song from the days of the war or a new but would be suitable for that time and there is a button for those who wanted to hear it or turn it off in the bottom of the screen.In addition Asian robe, whether now or in the new part of the game the Japanese army and ChineseYou must add the Artillery 21 cm Nebelwerfer 42, like the first partYou must add the motorcycle like the first part"
,Recommended,231430,19217796,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,tomgrandmenil,"I do certainly recommend COH2. I see that a lot of people dislike it- i also can understand that. At first, I tought it wasnt worth the price and that COH 1 was better, but after i had played while, I rly liked the game. First, the campaign is better (story etc.) and second, there are much more tactic possibilities. The different commanders, way more than in COH1, offer an infinite amount of possibilities ans play styles.Now, for those who think playing against AI is not fun, that's where multiplayer is made for... Playing only against AI is like doing the COD campaign over and over...And finally, for those who think the game is unbalanced...well, just play the germans all the time, or learn to play with mother russia! Even a panther can't beat a whole♥♥♥♥♥♥load of AT guns!Conclusion: this game IS better than the first one, and though I think, there could still be made some improvements, i surely recommend it."
,Recommended,231430,19170351,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,BastolBunin,"9 hours and 17 gigs of downloads to get a game that says i dont meet min requirements ( when i do ) though steam shoudl check this BEFORE allowing yout to purchase or download it.. ..and i get a game that does not work..i am engaging tech support, but it appears that no textures are being loaded to the GUI in the game.."
,Recommended,231430,7529798,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,✠ General,Geiles Game!! :DD
,Recommended,231430,19166467,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,SmokeyDeadLungS,Awesome
76561198166324207,Recommended,231430,19167916,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,J. Arts,amazing game!! lots of detail and just all around fun
76561198165383638,Recommended,231430,19189522,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,CCTPRC152,"Picked COH-2 up on offer a couple of months ago.  THe Modding hub and community its 100% awesomeWell worth the money I have sunk over 160 hours into it, both in single player and multiplayer.   The game has been well supportred from launch with new content and patches added frequently.  The game retains the old feel of COH but has loads of new additions; the variations offered by the new generals are brilliant and can make each side (German, Soviet, British and American) feel like a totally different faction everytime you play.Graphics are very good and the AI has been vastly improved.  The free modding hub (Steam Workshop) offers an endless supply of user made maps, units, camo schemes and scenarios all for free and can be browsed and added in game...a fantastic idea...Highly recommended!  Random unlocks can also be earned by ranking up in single and multiplayer."
,Recommended,231430,19164208,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Desolation,Get this game but hold on to your wallet.
76561197977998197,Recommended,231430,16417097,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Fallschirmjäger,DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME.THIS IS NOT A GAME. JUST DURG.
,Recommended,231430,19169336,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,World-in-conflict1942,Great game if you love war stragedy this is a must have game. i 100% recommend it to anyone who likes ww2 era games.
76561197967713205,Recommended,231430,10524033,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Red Cloud,"I was so excited when I saw COH2 was out. I loved the original. Perhaps that's the problem. COH2 is just no where near as good as the original.For starters, there's only one single player campaign, as Russia. No German campaign. How cheap is that?!For seconds, the game is a rampant money grab, everything is for sale, uniforms, badges for the main menu, hell, you can buy a silver or bronze border for a dollar. And of course, there's two more factions you can buy for multiplayer (only), and there's the add on packs that add an odd mix of single player, multiplayer and co-op. Just to give you a clue, the total expenditure (not including the game itself) on packs could be up to $212?! I think it's easily possible to spend over $300 on this. Whatever you do, don't do it...And perhaps most importantly, the core gameplay seems like more of the same, but...somehow less (probably due to the lack of Americans and German factions). Due to the ham fisted story, the game wants you to throw men forward to slaughter, just to prove how brutal to their own soldiers the Russians were in WW2.Somehow COH has lost it's soul, and lost it's way. I wonder if the publisher Sega had anything to do with that? Most likely...UPDATE: So, after a lot of playing I think my final anlysis is this:The game is still a big money grab, content that should be free has to be paid for.The single player campaign is still not as good as COH1, but at least there is now also the US campaign (if you pay for it). Still no German or UK campaigns.The multiplayer is better than the original, only in the sense that in the original I lost every time, but COH2 seems more balanced (despite imbalances), and at least I can win sometimes now! :)Overall, I have changed it to a thumbs up, because the positives outweigh the negatives, but I still think the DLC format sucks, and that a campaign for UK & GY would have been good."
,Recommended,231430,17963044,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,GespensterPanzer,It's Amazing. Highly recommended.
76561197992451460,Recommended,231430,13266259,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,BruceForce,"Good things about Company of Heroes 2:- Graphics- A lot of content- Good multiplayer- Lots of DLC- Working smoothly- Great systemBad things about Company of Heroes 2:- The DLC's cost too muchIn my opinion Company of Heroes, is VERY good game, but some of the DLC's cost too muchI rate it: 9/10"
76561198204690057,Recommended,231430,19269641,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,ThePieGuyHero,I bought this game a while ago and it was on sale. 75% percent off everything and i got everything for about 60 dollars(I can't remember) But everything should $60 not $240. This is a good game but the price it just sucks for the entire expirence. and really $40 dollars for the american campain.ProsGreat gameplayVery smoothgood graphicslots of modsbadass feeling of defeating your enemyConsVery expensive for this kind of gameYour allies AI could be inproved
76561197972735561,Recommended,231430,19269724,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,moodystickles,Excellent game play. Community maps refresh the game play along with frequent expansions!
,Recommended,231430,19274484,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Mythos,"Truth be told there is no better rts game for competitive multiplayer. Matches are intense, with a lot of back and forth. It’s easy to pick up but challenging to master. 4x4 with a group of friends can be a blast. Micro transactions are a minor gripe. All the commanders can be unlocked through just playing matches.The single player campaigns are pretty good and enjoyable. If you don’t intend to do any online games than I can really only recommend this on sale. If you want some of the best competitive rts multiplayer then it’s an easy recommendation."
,Recommended,231430,19274607,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,DaveTheVIGamer,"Don't normally play this sort of game, but I am really getting into it. Great fun."
,Recommended,231430,19272721,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Horrible Deplorable,10/10 Best game of the year!Real fun to kamakazi with British Drop PlanesGreat fun for RTS extremistsand a awesome name tag<-------
,Recommended,231430,8487937,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ArgOC,Amazing strategy game.
,Recommended,231430,19027711,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,general_patton45,Fun gamethough the game play is nothing state of the art its similar to dow2 and gets boring quickly it can still be fun in story mode.
,Recommended,231430,19054118,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Race699,Best Strat Game EVER
76561198059402045,Recommended,231430,19000375,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,ergorapido,"""but sir, how do we make more money for the company but still apeal to the fans?""""FILL THE GAME FULL OF DLC""""k :(""71/100"
,Recommended,231430,18749137,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,fire_bird609,Great GameBad matchmaking due to lack of players
,Recommended,231430,18755741,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,SyX II,Approved!
76561198058884038,Recommended,231430,18742621,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,hesham.1994,"A Great Game indeed for RTS Loversthe game is well balanced,well optimized, and the most important : its FunSEGA and Relic did a great work reviving this RTS genre"
,Recommended,231430,21328954,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Aviar csgobounty.com cs.money,"I liked this game a lot, but one thing I would reccomend for the next CoH is that you should be able to capture an enemy officer, so say like an enemy player calls in a company captain, if I use the capture ability I can be able to gain intelligence, like a brief view of the entire enemy force for 1 minute, or an added attack/defense buff.Really good game, nonetheless. Keep it up!"
,Recommended,231430,18080516,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Paralysed Onion,"The game is a well done, and although I found it to be a bit lacking in the troop content department when compared to the original (Sherman Calliope, plz bring back), however the gameplay still feels fresh and just as ridiculous as the original.-ProsFight for mother RussiaMore factions to play as, with a unique take on their troops and abilitiesCommanders give abilities instead of the old tree mechanic (con if you're nostalgic)Game progression feels smoothNew troop abilities bring interesting choices to battles (Brits hurling grenades out of tanks = LOLZ)Workshop support is great for moddingCustom skins and textures looks great, Relic or workshopCampaign not bad, fun and takes enough skill to not feel too lacklusterWeapon racks mean all infantry can have LMG or AT-ConsNo more mobile bases for brits :CSome units only available with commanders (some mods get rid of this)Oberkommando West bit OP late game (looking at you konigstiger)side and rear armour still a bit too protective, so flanking is not as strong of a tactic as it could be (realism mods fix this)only 3 other commanders for brits, US and OKW, need moreWaiting for huge mods like Europe At War, for the original COH (this con may not exist over time)A lot of microtransactions if you want all the commanders and skins by RelicOverall a very enjoyable game for RTS lovers, with mods it is very fun."
76561198030359350,Recommended,231430,30712775,Posted: 24 March,all,Draquil,Great game!
,Recommended,231430,6379479,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,KOMMISSAR HEAVY,love this game
76561198190843861,Recommended,231430,30713075,Posted: 24 March,all,BryMack04,I lve this game!!!! I just have a bad computer... ):
76561198103211067,Not Recommended,231430,20315247,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,m1ke222,"ive been playing COH since the first one came out , and i enjoyed them , but i gotta say that this one is a ♥♥♥♥inggg rippoff . pay to ♥♥♥♥ing win , DLC hitting you left and right  and on top of all that its not balanced at ALL !! . They have weakened the Axis so much and the allies are just so ♥♥♥♥ing over powered to the point where you can hear churchill laughing in the backround !!!"
,Recommended,231430,26500983,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Mr.Simon,"Pros- Nice graphics, best RTS game to date imo. (please no hate)- Every factions are well balanced with each individual strong and weaknesses for each faction.- Somewhat smart AI.- The strong point on this game is skirmish/multiplayer.- Enjoyable but not a ground breaking SP Campaign.- Theater of War is good for Co-op/PVP.Cons- There's still a lot of content in the game, like literally A. LOT. Seriously. Well, thats obviously good, right? well, no. Because even though if you even bought the Master Collection Edition (which I did) you still have to spend some more of your cash for contents that give you the variety in the game, like general, decals, bulletins, well, pretty much everything.Even tho you still have alternative way which is you have to collect coins from loot after your MP/skirmish matches which requires a lot of time, like 50+ matches or more for ""One General"" No kiddin.yeah that's it."
,Recommended,231430,30446516,Posted: 11 March,all,Pol Motherf**ken Pot,"Overall, this is an extremely fun game. However it does somewhat lack in realism. One of the advisor said at the start of the game ""do not be afraid to use conscripts, they are expendable."" Is was very rarely the case that the generals would send the conscripts charging a machine gun directly while screaming OORAH! DLYA RODINA! DLYA TOVARISCH STALIN! The Soviets used artillery and tanks for pretty much every attack and only used human waves when they absolutely needed to (mostly for the survival of the troops).Killing fascists is always fun 9/10 KGB."
76561197969226810,Recommended,231430,30428232,Posted: 10 March,all,Razz,Good game....
,Recommended,231430,30438304,Posted: 10 March,all,X_BeardLifeMatters_X,One of the most intense ww2 rts game in history
,Recommended,231430,7657197,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Saltqvarn ★,"I would say that this game is above the average strategic games. I give it 9/10. I really like it. I have some improvments from the first CoH. Dynamic maps and realistic gameplay. Explosions and gunfire is realistic. I like it, it's awesome. If you like a game that gives you a challenge, a fair and hard enough enemy and are a good strategic and tactical gamer. You should buy this game.This game is made of out the World War 2 event. Between Soviet and Germany. Operation Barbarossa and the attack in Stalingrad, 1941-1942."
,Recommended,231430,4204372,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,I_Termx_I,"A solid RTS that doesn't require a lot of resource micro-management, just like the original CoH. The new engine and effects can be a joy, especially laying down mortar strikes on an ice river while the enemy is crossing, and watching them sink to their graves.The drawback is the single-player campaign is not cinematic with a good story like the original. If you’re not into the story, no worry. The gameplay is enough to keep you going. Just be aware this AAA title is not polished, there is quite a few bugs – some severe ones, but it’s being updated frequently. There’s some issues with multiplayer with server drops and lag, and n00bs accusing you of cheating with maphacks. :p"
,Recommended,231430,7765855,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,ForTN0X,"Awesome strategys and good balanced Multiplayer, nice and well staged Singleplayer, for those who want exists own coop battles, all together with nice graphics and constantly updates and new content. What do you want more?Only contra I see is that there is no support for SLI or CrossFireX and will probably never be included..."
76561198015787342,Recommended,231430,7756566,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,rawah,I was a huge fan of the original Company of Heroes. Despite the changes of publisher and all I still like COH 2 a lot. It is not as gound breaking as COH 1. It is a resource hog. Russia is represented in an unfair political light (only relative to the way the Nazis were represented in COH 1). Which doesn't matter since I prefer to play as the Wermacht. Still it is a lovely game of world war two inspired destruction. And a fun complicated strategy game to boot.
76561198007944813,Recommended,231430,7757772,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Status Quo,"It's a very good WW2 RTS game. If you're looking for realistic, tactical and historically accurate game, well....it's not for you. It's more like an action packed - ""hollywood"" style game with beautiful audio/video and great gameplay mechanics. Player can take command of the german or soviet forces on the eastern front . Watching how calm, snowy morning quickly turns into a blizzard is really amazing. Troops can freeze if they're exposed to cold for too long, tanks getting stuck/slowed in the deep snow or light/medium tanks getting out of control trying to cross ice covered river - winter is just wonderful in this game."
,Recommended,231430,2830256,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,☭,VICTORY BELONGS TO GERMANY
76561198031672269,Recommended,231430,4076526,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,soylientgreen,pretty good RTS
,Recommended,231430,29560501,Posted: 29 January,all,|67e| Das/CMD Knight,"This Game is quite short without any add-ons,but still afterplaying company of heroes 1 for years this game still hits the mark of the original if not completely similar.This is a true RTS and i reccomend it to all strategy gamers."
76561198353303231,Recommended,231430,29558815,Posted: 29 January,all,島田 愛里寿,i think this is goooooooooood game
76561198042826373,Recommended,231430,15804520,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Sauce,Great game.
,Recommended,231430,19362266,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,"Asian ""Insane"" Bolt",AWESOME
76561198025465265,Recommended,231430,19343607,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,IDFHITMAN,Its fun but they nickel and dime you when it comes to the DLC's.  You are making it so i will never buy a new release game until it goes on sale.
,Recommended,231430,19336426,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Goku,Not as much of a good game as the previous one.. but it passes.
76561198200549283,Recommended,231430,19320297,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Bloodborne,I love this game and the series on company of heroes. but in company of heroes 2 they need to add new weapons for the Germans like the Flak 36/88 and the nebelwerfer for example. Also they need to add the Japanese and italy.
,Recommended,231430,19403177,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,moretonj93,Excellent game. Good RTS and still very popular online. Mods available and dozens of maps. You dont have to buy the DLC but they are worth it.
76561198042667911,Recommended,231430,19400082,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Chaos,Meh
,Recommended,231430,19437135,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,NerdIAm,"It's essentially the same game as the first Company Of Heroes, only a little better looking, and a little more difficult. If you're a fan of strategy games in combination with action, give it a try! Be warned, though: multitasking is essential."
76561198007828593,Recommended,231430,19449610,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Wolf,"I do not see why we have to pay for content we've already spent quite a bit on just to unlock a singular army. Admittedly I can almost hear the excuse ""It includes a ton of multiplayer data""  well unfortunately I could care less about multiplayer content. Please...I ask that if I am to buy any further content from this excellent series thus far, I will need to see more singular content for the vs AI players included, and also...less railroading us on the type of gamestyle we play (referring to the a typical ""King of the Hill"" gamestyle in Ardennes content).Love the games so far and I understand you keep with current trends and gain more money off us with DLC. That's my choice to download more but I will not be purchasing any additional content at prices and limitations previously stated. Thanks for your hard work so far in the series guys, just don't screw over your loyal customer base.I only play campaign and vs AI. I have already purchased multiple DLC for this game and still I cannot enjoy using the US, British, or German forces for a simple vs AI custom game. please fix this in future content"
,Recommended,231430,19450568,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Scaryspikes,"An incredibly deep, satisfying, hard hitting title that was a little difficult to pick up due to its learning curve. Conversely, it was also very difficult to put down as it made the tension and horror of war come alive right in front of me. Realistic era-appropriate vehicles, weapons and troops really immerse you in the game play. The action can be non stop and very tense. Picking the correct units and timing attacks is incredibly important, and very rewarding when done correctly. Ultimately a really enjoyable game that caught me off guard and by surprise- in a good way. I'd definitely recommend it to any RTS fan, especially if you enjoy weapons, vehicles and units from that period in history."
,Recommended,231430,16437745,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Razer,AWESOME
76561198010866990,Recommended,231430,19429443,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,TCNero,Waslots of funGraphics are amazingGameplay is awesomeLiked the first company of heroes story betterAmericans were more versitileAll in all lots of funMuiltiplayer is the Best part of the Game:D
76561198047757658,Recommended,231430,19426269,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,purewhitenoise,"I'm giving this game a recommendation, because it seems pretty good so far.  If your a fan of the original COH then this is very similar with improved graphics and a cool new setting.  The downsides that really drive me crazy however:1. Super ♥♥♥♥♥♥ UI that seems more like an online storefront than the interface for a AAA game that I already paid money for.2. No way to change key bindings.  Seriously.  Who does this?  Honestly the developers to the sequal to a hugely popular RTS never considered that maybe players would like to customize their key bindings???  And it's not like they haven't had plenty of time to fix this in a patch.  Makes me wonder if there focus is in making a good game, or just cashing in on what seems to be a neverending flood of DLC."
,Recommended,231430,19447770,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,SkyHunter ♤ ♣ ♧,Love it <3
76561198042924918,Recommended,231430,19440776,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,PREPARE UR A$$HOLE,"Great game.Diverse ever-changing gameplayCool unitsVery balanced for an rts that doesn't have identical units on either sideGreat variety of mapsRelic does a good job keeping up to date with patches and balancesMicro-transactions present but hardly impact experience without (unless you can't seem to get a commander you want but trust me its easy to get 90%+ of them without paying and the rare ones are not op)Still it would be nice to have many more units even if they are similarPlayers being away from keyboard in the start ruin the game and happens all the time in bigger matchesMaps are interesting thought-out and diverse, still I kinda wish they were much larger so that transport carriers are actually of use because at the moment they are kinda useless except for reinforcing units in the fieldIt would be interesting to have differnt game types like defense/attack with a time limit and perhaps defenders have 1 less player (thats a big differnce) to further immerse your self to feel as a desperate german or the advancing soviets and americansoverall considering have many hours I've spent and how I still find the game fresh its got to be:9.25/10"
,Recommended,231430,16106339,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Dwibblez,Game's good. Reminds me of my♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,231430,19423468,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Adfrost,Before ckya ♥♥♥♥♥ was URA!!!42/45 would suicidal rush into enemy base again!
76561198021685869,Recommended,231430,19477974,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,GeneralSquee,Easily one of the best RPGs on the market. Don't be a fool. Buy it.
76561198026152520,Recommended,231430,19478050,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,MadKow365,quit changing the game balance every month ffs
76561198037504321,Recommended,231430,19501865,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,john,"First thing I have to say is that the game is VERY satesfying to play, explosions feel really good and firefights can be both short and deadly or drawn out depending on how they unfold. Only problem that might be is that many units, tanks especially, are very durable and you won't take down a medium tank with less than three-four shots most of the time.Many people complain about microtransactions and DLC and they're somewhat right, you'll at least want to buy the Western Front Armies DLC if you plan to play multiplayer, and you should play multiplayer.The game isn't as pay to win as some claim, all the commanders are almost equally good although you will be missing out on some fun if you don't own every commander. Also the game is full of Axis players so you're gonna gave more fun playing as the allies, with less time spent waiting and all that.When it comes to being a single player game the game has a short campaign and quite a few ""challenge maps"" known as Theaters of War(DLC), these include co-op maps if you have a friend to play with. And having at least one friend to play with is quite important if you want to enjoy the game properly, the multiplayer matches at least as they come in 1v1, 2v2, 3v3 and 4v4. For the Americans there a campaign called Ardennes Assault(DLC), it's quite good and I'd say it offers more than the original campaign in the gameplay department, but less in the story department.All in all I'll recommend this game to anyone who likes RTS games and have at least one friend who does too. But keep in mind that it might very well get expensive if either of you want to try all the game has to offer."
76561198067578749,Recommended,231430,19492637,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Swaggy-P,"Surprisingly good. Although optimation/stuttering is stupid on my system, not sure why. Good game, kinda unbalanced, just wish clicking didnt feel so clunky. Other than that the weapons/skills/units are fun to utilize. Often felt I cannot micro as precisely as SC2 because its idk if its animation or what but moving feels ♥♥♥♥ing clunky as hell."
76561198200423487,Recommended,231430,16664754,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,jdhawks48,"What i liked about company of heroes 2 is that u get to be a commander, not very many games let u do that. I also like the real feel that it gives u when u play. But the things that i dont like about is the fact that the axis may be too overpowered, I found it pretty difficult to play as the allies as when the germans pump out king tigers im left with at guns or shermans, i do in fact like how u tried to add tanks with the american army to even the odds but even then i was still overpowered, i Feel as if the american army should have some type of heavy tank just to strike back. I also used to own company of heroes 1 and thought it was great that me playing as americans i could call in a heavy tank just in case. But overall i thought it was a great game and u guys worked your asses off doing it. Keep the good work up!"
76561198031756823,Recommended,231430,16665061,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Kashmarov,Best game ever. Huge learning curve if you can hang with rewarding complexity.
,Recommended,231430,16666363,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,miltonsandra,"really good game, its extremely fun to play online and against the AI if you are a beginner, I do recommend getting some commanders if you want your online battles to be epic< but you don't kneed this all the time, but after all this is a great game."
,Recommended,231430,16670338,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Castlepirate,10/10
76561198079780426,Recommended,231430,16672745,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,#OOOUUU,can´t play campaign
,Recommended,231430,16677945,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Master IGN,"Game is hard, but fun to play nevertheless. There are many mechanics to learn, and the random factors keeps the game fresh and fun to play."
76561198007217574,Recommended,231430,16679571,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Resistance91,"This is a very good RTS WWII game. It is very loyal to the first game. The campaign is interesting and multiplayer is exceptable. However, with all the DLC it proves to be vastly over priced. The constant charging of all the add ons is very unfair. You have to be quite well off to warrant spending all that money on commanders, campaigns and buy seperatly the 'Western Armies' just to play them on multiplayer. The campaign I can understand but the factions and commanders really should come with the campaign package. I do recommend this game but not at full price. Wait until a big sale is on so you can get 50% - 75% off. Don't pay full price. This trend of charging for every little bit of DLC has to stop, for all games."
,Recommended,231430,16721195,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Ginsy,"Dear Steamers,I've been playing this game for along time now.First off in 2006 when the first company of heroes franchise launched.This game is true and stays true to its potential of delivering you that feeling of being a high general officer in WW2.This game is truely amazing and im still playing it."
76561198068711057,Recommended,231430,16723942,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Gottba,good game 10/10 would never start again
76561198143026288,Recommended,231430,16702037,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,b3rk3yuks,"Very fun ,enjoyable RTS game recommened it to everyone"
,Recommended,231430,16703064,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,pilot,"Really good game , nice strategy"
,Recommended,231430,16768735,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Jorah Mormont,If you ever wanted Total War to be in the WWII Era. Dis is the game for you.
,Recommended,231430,17437576,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,jasonhalejph,Best game I have ever played.
76561198100806037,Recommended,231430,17438173,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Fenix,"One of my best strategy games so far, and i played lot of them."
,Not Recommended,231430,23712520,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Mr. Shaznits,"♥♥♥♥ing worhtless game, how many years and it's still broken and unbalanced? don't ♥♥♥♥ing bother"
,Recommended,231430,10824915,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,RAZ0RGAM1NG,One of the most underrated strategy games
,Recommended,231430,2810938,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Jason,vety good game from what i've played of the beta so far hopefully the campaign will be good
,Recommended,231430,8859435,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Kaname Chidori,"Update: Some of the issues rasied have been resolved enough tto be enjoyable againWant to Win at this game? Well good luck Vanilla Commanders dont stand a chance to the P2W Commanders. This game has turned into a massive cash grab, which is a shame."
76561198067800065,Recommended,231430,17435483,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,OtterINaBox,Best strategy game of all time and you need a decent PC to run it :D(I recommned not to buy western front armies because it is not worth it in my opinion)
,Recommended,231430,17382143,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Spyke,The Greatest RTS game all the time!!!! recommend to everyone
76561198017836947,Recommended,231430,19558502,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Stefano,"As a strategy it's a great game, seriously. Good graphs, easy interface and addicting gameplay. But the DLC list is too long, sometimes it makes the game look incomplete to not have them, really. In a scale: 8/10."
,Recommended,231430,19548344,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Joe12473,"7/10, would get rekt on multiplayer again. But seriously, the microtransactions really take away from what would be a solid game."
76561198083672611,Recommended,231430,19553635,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Guantanamo,I haven't played an RTS in years and I have to say this is a really good one. It brings me back to my childhood and also gives me the satisfaction of crushing the OKW and Wehrmacht
76561198023358347,Recommended,231430,19571939,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Mist,"Great RTS, if u like WWII and good action RTS then u should't miss this one for sure. Just grab some friends and get the game."
76561198032761493,Recommended,231430,19537580,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Itachi,Best strategy WW2 game 10/10
76561198000293865,Recommended,231430,19538333,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ScatmanMcDerpy,Tanks and♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198097868360,Recommended,231430,19667688,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Whangs,The physics of the action and the details of the units immerse you in the reality that was World War II
,Recommended,231430,19744890,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Vietcong Gunner,"It took me a while to get into this game, but after I did I cant stop playing it."
76561197994493940,Recommended,231430,19715222,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,BigShoots,"One of my favorite RTS games to come out in the past few years. Not just about your APM, there's a lot more involved like cover and defenses. I definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys the rts genre."
76561198181013135,Recommended,231430,18229457,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,PhantomK1LL3R,This is an amazing game for people who like RTS game.I highly recommend it.
76561198043345951,Recommended,231430,19628743,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Pat5zero,"The ultimate game.Buy and play this game if you want a challange.Unlimited maps, mods and etc."
76561198055563296,Recommended,231430,19634286,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Martini Linguine,"A good, fun and relatively balanced game that has a epic feel about it but suffers from a gigantic problem. As a realtively new player it is incredibly hard to get into multiplayer matches as people unfortunatley have a great unwillingness to play with a new player. This has stopped me from properly getting into this game and being able to enjoy it since it is hard to even get a match with other people. If you want to pick this game, be aware that this is a problem. Other than that i fully recomend this game"
76561198008461163,Recommended,231430,19653117,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Dante ★ Easy Company,Best RTS WWII so far but needs some fix on multiple bugs
76561198010148744,Recommended,231430,19687151,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Sir_Shelton,One of the best RTS games. Only downside is the game is very demanding on your graphics card.
76561198081653550,Recommended,231430,19687310,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Calmly Enraged,"Company of Heroes 2- A solid 4 outa 5- One of the better RTSs I've played in recent history. Now don't get all excited thinking its gonna be like Comander and Conquer or something along those lines. Now this is still an RTS, but it focuses mainly on controlling a smaller number of troops more effectively, instead of creating a huge base and assembeling a massive army. Company of Heroes 2 focuses on the soviet's side of WWII starting off (if I'm not mistaken) with the battle of Stalingrad.The really interesting part of controlling the smaller forces is that you can actually see them actively using cover and be able to setup them up on certain peices of cover the way you want. Your squads can also picl up enemey weapons, i.e. MG42, anti tank weapons, things of that nature and actually change the usage of that unit. This game is great for those who have any knowldege of WWII. And of course it's great for anyone who likes the challenge of leading a small force against great odds into victory."
,Recommended,231430,19689098,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Whiterun Guard,coh 1 is better than coh 2.  But i'm still loving it tho.
76561198051693270,Recommended,231430,19703978,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Cra3y,"Hello All - I will make this a very simple review, just showcasing my overall thought on what I see in this game as a title.In addition to this, I wish to say that I believe this is one of the best WW2 Games in existence. Portions of the Campaign are still disputed, though I am not a part of that.Now -This game - has a unique style of combat and defense that a lot of games don't today. And it does it well! Every so often, there may be a small ""Glitch"" in the AI of a tank or infantry, though nothing game breaking. Company of Heroes, adds in a new aspect of frontline battle, where you struggle to hold off, and move into the enemy territory. Most other RTS games, have this aspect, but COH2 really achieves this greatly.Plus - it is really satisfying to see a T-34 charge into battle backed up by conscripts throwing molotovs at Nazis. C:The Bad -The game in my opinion is poorly optimized on some rigs. Look up some benchmarks. You need a pretty good rig to play it well.My Benchmarks on lowest settings;GT 630 - 20-30FPSGT 640 - 45-60FPSGT 960 - 120FPSAnother Video Showcasing thoughts on the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPGld24vRYgHope this helped, I may expand on it later."
76561198032824266,Recommended,231430,19684600,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,OutsidR,"I have both Coh1 and CoH2 games and find them both pretty awsome.  One big difference I noted was how points were captured in the game.  CoH1 the engineers were too easy to eliminate as they could not return fire while capturing where as in CoH2, capturing points, at least soldiers could defend while capturing.  That was a nice surprise for me.  I never had any crashes or problems with the game but there are problems with maps when they are converted from CoH1 to CoH2.  Other than that, I am well satisified with both games ( BUT not at the prices shown now. )  When I acquired them, they were very much cheaper.  I believe Relic will see pricing a little bit different in the future."
76561198100043708,Recommended,231430,15560506,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,ronbullens,"It is indeed an nice game, hours I spend, making my own tactics and doctrines.Being surprised bij the AI and also capable of getting the AI mad.However I have some remarks, the sniper stories in the COH scenario are not fun playing, it is a show stopper for this realy wonderful game. Get rid of it.The war spoils are not helping and sometimes worser than the playing opportunities with them. It sucks.Why do you not getahering points and then let you choose the spoils you want.Painting patterns nice but it doesnot make sense, only when it gives you an advantage for ambush or less vulerable for airraids.I miss the 88 in combination with defensive tactics, PAK 43 is not as good as that, and the 88 should be mobile just as it is in the reality.Thats it for now after 830 hrs playing"
76561198042303671,Recommended,231430,19673905,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Davism,One of the last standing stragey games - it still gettting backed by its developers with patchs and new content
,Recommended,231430,180533,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,MasterAlvin,"Buy this guys, probably best RTS of this year in this Genre"
76561198032758051,Recommended,231430,7652862,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Thylacine,Highly Recomend this :)
76561198063757623,Recommended,231430,8779614,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Rhinoharp,"Great game, Runs very smooth and looks great. The game is hard. With ice that can break under your tanks. It is some crazy war. Also mud slows you down. It is great. Get the game now it is on sale.9/10"
,Recommended,231430,8780282,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,MOTMOT,yes
76561198047491592,Recommended,231430,8780361,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,onsterthemonster,its good
,Recommended,231430,8781471,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Leeroy Jenkins,I don't understand why everyone has to give bad reviews to this game I personally think its a great game think about it in the first one they didn't cover the Russians what so ever it was only the British and the U.S. in the first game but in reality the Russians were there too this made for a great oppurtunity to come out with a second game to add in the Russians I know they probably should've added them in in Company of Heroes Tales of Valor or Opposing Fronts but personally I'm fine with them coming out with a Russian side in the second game plus if you people wanna sit here and complain about how there are less things to do just upgrade it to the collector's edition you get a bunch of extra stuff and you get all of the original games plus the new steam version of the first one so quit you're ♥♥♥♥♥ing and play it. They did a great job with the graphics and the gameplay I haven't had one problem with the game if you guys have choppy games because the graphics quality is too much for your computer to handle too bad you should've looked at the system requirements before you bought the game period!Over all this is a great game and is very underated in quite a few reviews.
76561197995715226,Recommended,231430,8782326,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Kopiati,"It's not a great game, but its fun, and this is what matters!"
76561198016373016,Recommended,231430,8783061,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,NiftyKillSwitch,simply awesome
,Recommended,231430,8783583,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Lord Das The Fearsome,A Good game
76561198006732628,Recommended,231430,8784740,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,pandamarine,"Wow, so much hate to this game. Since I'm not a russian, I don't have a big issue with the compaign, and overall, this is a solid game."
76561198045279938,Recommended,231430,5121386,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,BeimNächstenMalLoggeIchMichAus,"Play it! It just needs more players, it's not as bad as everyone says, just more challenging."
,Recommended,231430,8785154,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Boo,Is rly russian
76561198048673772,Recommended,231430,8785220,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Fanos,"Its a very good game, but if u want to really have fun you should buy the DLCs with the new comanders..."
76561197965122751,Recommended,231430,203018,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Demony666,"A return to WW2 now from the Russian side. From, what I have played it is a very good game :)"
76561198052180094,Recommended,231430,7658292,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,BruhBruhBruhTV,epic game
,Recommended,231430,3734415,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,Grillmeister.,It's okay..
76561197993589983,Recommended,231430,8845604,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Madash,"just started to play this, tis good. Same as before but with some refreshing improvements."
76561198008570437,Recommended,231430,2513632,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Proj3cT,The Best Strategy Ever !!  Nice job Relic!!
76561198048153613,Recommended,231430,8773975,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,StupidNameHere,not as good as the original but damn close!
76561198038303907,Recommended,231430,8774837,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Vodka Drunkenski,This Is a Panzerschreck It Schrecks Panzers
,Recommended,231430,10653290,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Lanfeust,One of the best tactical RTS i' ve ever played in multiplayer! Just awesome!
,Recommended,231430,10202117,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Panzer,"Awesome real time strategy game. Delievers the same amount of fun as the original except with a bit of a facelift. Awesome game, worth a big pricetag no, but easily worth it if it is on sale. 8/10."
76561198085352051,Recommended,231430,10980776,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,DINDO,awesome game
76561197996633466,Recommended,231430,7749730,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,numberten,"Actually nothing special about this game. I regret I bought one. Dull, boring and repeative."
76561198034782337,Recommended,231430,7776001,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Nathanial Garro,Quite like Coh 1...not that is a bad thing but they could do with introducing all factions back into it and the graphics have not changed much nor has the engine got any kinder to older Rigs
76561197971829661,Recommended,231430,7776954,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Socraytes,"A little too similar to the first game.  New additions not that great.  If you are new to the series, get the first one.  For fans of the first, definitely worth playing, but not at full price.  Wait until it is on sale."
,Recommended,231430,3769956,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Dimitri,Why are games getting so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ these days
76561197995087606,Recommended,231430,7677186,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,starvationvalley,very replayable game
,Recommended,231430,29550989,Posted: 28 January,all,Magna Imperatoris,Its a lit game
76561198006899983,Recommended,231430,18322113,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Jim_hatama,"well. was playing since beta and it was really bad back than. now its actually a good dame wit  a lot of units, factions and strats. what was inital weakness (like comanders instead of doctrines) now actually plays good , and some of them plays like different factions (like partisan commander or air support ost). an with 7 pages patchees and extended early game this feels really cool now. recommend"
76561198035949282,Recommended,231430,18354947,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,CardinalReason,"Excellent strategy game.  As a longtime fan of RTS, this is probably my all-time favorite."
76561198050597320,Recommended,231430,18230567,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Johohakim HS,Imagine Company of Heroes 2 with Japanese forces...OMG I want this! >.<
,Recommended,231430,18309437,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,RobotGamer1100,Good.
76561198143962709,Recommended,231430,18252820,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Salty Mango,"Fantastic RTS that blends old school strats with some new(er) mechanics (ie positioning behind cover).The attention to detail by the devs is especially impressive. One example: the Comet tank can throw a grenade at a group of infantry, and where another game might just make a grenade appear from the tank, CoH has a little guy open the hatch pitch it hastily and close it again. Throught the game you'll notice a ton of these little details for realism that add to the immersion.The campaign is, as I've come to excpect form this company, awesome. Challenging, immersive and seemingly historically accurate.The multiplayer is, imho, better than Warhammer 40K's. It seems more streamlined, and more versatile for different playstyles. On top of that, the Modding Hub allows for even more customization of vehicles, maps and playstyles (which helps overcome what is the game's apparent greatest weakness: the pop cap of 100).Overall, highly recommended RTS for WWII. Looking forward to the upcoming forces and customizations."
76561198012654149,Recommended,231430,2789656,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,AẊiom | ChallengeMe.GG,"Best RTS online:  Directional cover, weather, unlimited army builds, real time strategy, explosions, water, deep snow that slows you down, tanks, infantry, TIGERS!, IS2, Artilarry Birage!!!Best RTS online-Buy now."
76561198044199569,Recommended,231430,18543202,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Jarl Dewey,"Love it, has taken many hours of my life and I am happy to keep giving!"
,Recommended,231430,18454088,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Smoked,"Best World War 2 RTS to date, and just might be best RTS on steam"
76561198091749905,Recommended,231430,18586046,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,bibotot1995,"As a huge fan of the original Company of Heroes, I was very hyped for this game. And while it is not without some drawbacks, I still find Company of Heroes 2 absolutely worth spending on.The Goods:- Graphics and sounds are amazing. Better than any other RTS out there and tied with Starcraft 2.- Funny unit quotes.- Great mission designs impelling a of lot strategic thinking.- Multiplayer is awesome.- Battles are intense.The Bads:- Bugs are still there.- Balancing issues among the factions.- Free Conscript in campaign can be a source of abuse.- Game is much more expansive than it looks with all the DLC and expansions.Overall, satisfying and recommended."
76561198058167864,Recommended,231430,18540920,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,nproe2,"Fun game, good tactical battles, and the comanders allow you to tweek your strategy a bit if you want.  Overall worth it.As for all the complaints about the buisness model of having every little customization or good commander being buyable... I don't agree with it.  I think they're pretty much trying to suck out every last dollar you'll spend on the game... BUT it's still a great game :)"
,Recommended,231430,18637276,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,CallMeJames,This is a perfect war game. Multiplayer mode is brilliant. And there are lots of mods you you can explore. I hardly notice lagging during multiplayer games even I usually play with players from other far continents.
,Recommended,231430,18619490,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,classicnestetris,love this game its fun to play online or solo with frends or strangers i play this game all the time
76561197978073151,Recommended,231430,18606918,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,sergyi,I highly recommended this rpg to WWII friends!
76561198069950119,Recommended,231430,18607054,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,SWSKILLCAMZZ,its good the only problem i have ist trying to find out how to get the community commanders
76561198057120432,Recommended,231430,18422447,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,The General,"""Ivan! And he shoots as bad as he smells!"""
,Recommended,231430,18672430,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,nono,i Recomended this game 10/10
76561198097540244,Recommended,231430,18672594,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,kerflign26,nice
76561198022275136,Recommended,231430,30578177,Posted: 17 March,all,Kahlo C137,"Tigerpanzer, Tigerpanzer oi, oi, oi 88 Wurfgeschoss darauf hat der Ali nicht gehofft"
,Recommended,231430,18732172,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Flacketeer,"Come here to get my RTS boner on. Game is pretty fun. All I do is skirmish though. Guess I'm pretty superficial when it comes to RTS's.But honestly, who cares about a campaign in an RTS that isn't made by Blizzard or is the C&C series?"
,Recommended,231430,18687602,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Naughty Monkey,Fantastic amazing game! Graphics and detail.
76561198007400035,Recommended,231430,17014117,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,BunkerHill,If you ever played CoH 1 you know how fun this game is!  If you are new to the series then you should get your hands on a copy!  Graphics are great and stunning.  I wouldn't say that this game has any real flaws.. It's near perfect!  The only problem I have is the campaign isn't as good as the previous game..  My personal opinion.   But it's always fun to see your troops advance while your flank is being crushed on the other side of the map XDGreat Game!
76561198078257990,Recommended,231430,17017057,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Dulan,i lik it$$$ iz mai nesari fur mor stufhaf funr8 10 uf 01gege
76561198020757463,Recommended,231430,16968195,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,B0glZ,"Alot of fun for anyone wanting something similar to Dawn of War, or the first COH.Relic did a bang on job here with what feels like a well balanced game that has aquired a great community.Only downside is the disproportionate ammount Axis players. It is true the German armies are easier to play, but the Allies are very rewarding once you get the hang of them."
76561198049323129,Recommended,231430,16971272,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Thurbonater,Amazing war sim. Great game
,Recommended,231430,14906741,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,The Nexus,"i got over 400 hours on CoH2 so yes, im not some guy who tried it and moved on.that said yes its a good game, if you want to be a stingy guy and unlock everything yourself? fine if you want to get the DLC factions and be a wallet warrior? fine this game takes all kinds to spin itself, so let it spin."
,Recommended,231430,17350786,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Kasarov,"To be honest, as a legacy player, I feel cheated by the devs and their MP DLC system, which primarily focuses on introducing new players (we legacy players paid $60 for the game, the new guys can play for $10), but since recommending is for new players anyway, I'll vote to recommend this game.Let's see. First things first, despite everything, I really like this game. It's a nice mix of realism and gameplay value, creating something that's not overly complicated, but does add some basic immersion to the game. Does it have a greedy money-driven system? Of course. Game devs need money. Is it the most realistic RTS on the market? No, but its a fun and functional product (as long as your internet and PC are up to standards).For the nitty-gritty people who want to know more than just the basics, let's look at the specific pros and cons:+A great, ever-changing multiplayer experience - not a very repetitive game+Good mechanics that allow for a basic sense of immersion without comprimising overall ""fun value""+It is possible to hold your ground without buying any of the infamous DLC commanders+Through the drop system it is also possible to access the DLC commanders with just playtime+Unique standalone MP expansions that allow full features for a fraction of the price+Ardennes Assault (although pricey) is a great SP campaign+Great voice acting and good-looking graphics+Developers keep game up-to-date+A growing modding community that keeps getting better and better+Steam Workshop content is showcased for competitive ladder-climbing every now and then-Modding community has limited access to assets. It's impressive how much they've made with so little.-Skewed matchmaking: when searching for a MP match, Allies consist of 30% or less, and Axis 70% or more-Armored warfare mechanics are highly arcadish and unrealistic that occasionally ruin immersion-Vehicle pathing issues that have not been fully resolved despite the game being out for about 2 years-Balance issues still haven't been worked out completely either. The balance team is juggling patches (kudos to them) but some rather mindless ""blobbing/spamming"" tactics have yet to be fully addressed (looking at you, P. Gren spam).-Obvious anti-Soviet sentiment in the base SP campaign. Focuses around the atrocities of the Red Army instead of its heroism. Not saying the Red Army is made of angels, but the showcased Soviet brutality in the campaign were isolated events that happened very rarely. The devs had some nerve naming the Soviets ""protagonists"" in the campaign.+/-Some rather mind-blowing RNG that (unfortunately) is to be expected of any game where realism plays any role+/-Unrealistic weapon statistics in exchange for some semblance of balance (that as I said before, isn't quite balanced as it should be). Not a big deal for most people, but for a WWII buff like me it really bothers me that the weapons don't accurately reflect and represent their real-life counterparts. Can be fixed by modding.+/-DLC system tends to disenhearten legacy or veteran players that bought the game at release, but, if you are looking to get into CoH2, congrats. This is a plus for you then.+/-Not nearly as realistic or mechanic-heavy as Men of War: Assault Squad II, which is a $30 RTS with 5 nations rather than 4, but MP is actually fully functional and therefore infintely more stable. Pick your poison.Is it best-in-class? Not exactly. But a game doesn't have to be better than all of its competition to be considered good. I like the game, I look forward to the new British Faction (but my wallet doesn't...) and I hope the devs someday will release more powerful modding tools. Would I recommend this game to a new player? The MP standalone armies: yes, the base $40 game: no (unless you really /really/ REALLY want to play as Ostheer or Soviets). For $10-$15, you can't get a better RTS multiplayer experience.And that's my 100% completely honest review of this game.PS: Do not try automatched ladder play when traveling abroad. They don't seem to have region-specific servers, and this could lead to unsatisfactory win-loss ratios coupled with a lot of rage. I learned the hard way: I dropped from rank 6,000ish (top 33%) to rank 15,000ish (bottom 33%) on the 1v1 Soviet ladder in a matter of days by playing the game in China rather than the US due to extreme lag or disconnects."
,Recommended,231430,17174807,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Xeus 2.0,Great game. Moreover I like the the way OKW is differentiated from the traditional COH's approach to strategic gaming. This introduction no doubt brings new life in fading Wehr and soviet Factions.
76561198014059798,Recommended,231430,17354861,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Keyser Soze,:)
,Recommended,231430,17362320,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Grand Inquisitor DOOM,Oberkommando West and American forces team up to fight off the Wehrmacht and Soviet horde.This is the most accurate depiction of the second World War I've ever seen.
,Recommended,231430,17364917,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Crazy-_-Man,it is very good RTS gmae
76561198031977468,Recommended,231430,17372897,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Join or Die,"too many ♥♥♥♥ing microtransactions, just another money hording game, but i give this a thumbs up cause i get to be russians killing germans."
76561198012990121,Recommended,231430,17377050,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Silentnick,An amazing Game.
,Recommended,231430,17479602,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Haydn Carlile-Lee James,Massive rts gamer probably one of the best rts games ever just a shame theres no fair fights anymore its always a one sided battle NOOBS !!!
76561198130762533,Recommended,231430,17482913,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,phillip203,awesome game......
76561197971000973,Recommended,231430,17484386,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,In_SAN3_FranK,"Long learning curve but fun like coh1, maybe funnier""advise"" need 4 arms to play this and alot of shorcut otherwise youll get crush like the fall of Berlin.8/10"
,Recommended,231430,17491839,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Drej_X_Army,"Nice update to COH1, but the micro transactions are killing it. I would suggest waiting for the Steam Sales to grab this and the DLCs."
76561198006613327,Recommended,231430,17465938,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Kimchip90,"I must admit, when I first purchased this game on sale for $30, being a huge fan of the original, I was really dissapointed with COH2. The single player campaign was not very interesting, and without finishing the campaign, this game began to accumulate dust in my steam account. Fast forward over a year, I decided to try to finish the campaign, which I did, then proceeded to play the multiplayer. This is where the game begins to shine.While multiplayer is fun and addictive, server issues (Lag, drops, AI taking over, etc) and unbalanced game play may make COH2 a little hard to get into. Firstly, automatch games take forever to find a game, and when you do get into a game, some people drop at the very beggining. COH2 does not allow dropped players to rejoin games either, so you're stuck with AI bots for the duration of the game. The AI does not care about troop preservation, and would be buying useless units late game, but they do aggressively capture territory points. Currently there are much more players playing as Axis, so players playing as allies find games slightly faster."
76561198005471796,Recommended,231430,17466307,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Dylano,nenouri was here lol
76561198138066644,Recommended,231430,18086435,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Ene Snake,A perfect game based on WW2 events. A game for every strategy games lover. Need to buy this game . FAST!
76561198019216773,Not Recommended,231430,11002267,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,GeneralHexx,"The latest installment of the british forces is absolutely terrible and lags, stutters and is basically unplayable, hence why i am writing this review. I am using a gtx 980 ti 16gb ram and a ssd. Upgraded all my software and still get poor performance. what has happened to what could have been a good game??"
76561198068309417,Not Recommended,231430,30546542,Posted: 16 March,all,hbigga,"I've played a lot of this game.  A LOT.  But despite all of that, when prompted to review the game, I couldn't find myself able to give it a positive review.  Mainly because...-The Infantry combat is broken, they have far too much or far too little health-The line of sight mechanic in this game IS A JOKE. The line of sight alone would make this game a 2/5.-Tank combat is lackluster, usually biased in favor of germany; has terrible line of sights, UI, damage prompts, bullet physics, manuverability, and relic balances certain tanks *mhm KV-2* by simply making the tanks reload so slow and suffer from critical breaks so often and easily (i.e. Puma causing a crew shock to a IS or a Valentine tank critical damaging a elephant) that they go from balanced to unusable.-Flamethrowers are too strong-Machineguns have a broken field of suppression, if you doubt me, look up on youtube videos of troops getting suppressed when BEHIND machineguns field of fire.-DLC's are obvious money grabs and don't add as much content as one would expect from a DLC that costs almost as much as the game itself-Unit pathing is terribleOverall, despite me playing a lot of this game, there's no way I couldn't rate it more than 2.5/5.  If you want fun, play the original company of heroes, before relic failed its fans with its money hunger and lack of appeal."
76561197979017442,Recommended,231430,809192,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,**Lenox,great
76561198128456580,Recommended,231430,18337604,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,zachpeterson58,"absolutely fantastic game,dont agree with their in-game store but most things can be unlocked through rng"
76561198012205063,Recommended,231430,7569286,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Skajellafetty,just buy it
76561198014978143,Recommended,231430,18978069,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,scottokane,"can anyone help me, ive downloaded the britsih expansion pack and only the soviet and the US ardennes assault comes up when i try to open COH2? its installed acccording to steam and in my library ?"
76561198031119986,Recommended,231430,18978584,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,RxDNA,?
,Recommended,231430,17832035,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,✪>>ABRACADABRA<<✪,the best war strategy game ever ;)
76561198102892690,Recommended,231430,7440878,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Zion_Shall-Fall,Pure WW2 strategy porn:)
76561198054085195,Recommended,231430,17827370,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,khroso(´・ω・,"MAKE US PAY FOR EVERY DLS IS NOT OK WITH ME . OTHER WISE THE GAME IS OK ! NOT BAD ,"
76561198006344353,Recommended,231430,17833504,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Lycan2a,Thee best RTS series of the last 10 years. Nothing comes close.You want a true immersive WW2 experience? Look no further.
,Recommended,231430,17834492,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Ekcou,"(Sorry for bad english)In this review im gonna be aiming for bad stuff, stuff that can me remaked with updates or improved in the next game :)This is my opinion, and so you need to respect it, the same way i need to respect your opinion==Generals / abilities==-There is a bunch of generals to pay or get randomly which in my opinion is not a good approach but it's their game so...-I would recommend instead a tree skill which you would make your own .... but probably a lot of stuff wound be not used, and someone would figure out the perfect set so another option would be , 3 main points to start(just like coh1), infantry, armor, and air (airborne etc..) each one with is own abilities. due to the generals some people are in more advantage than others, or because they found a good general or brought on (...)==Gameplay==-Its good, its well made, you can move the units and choose a good position for cover, they will move was a unit and do it, there is no bugs going on BUT  thing is the view ...  units can view whats behind a hill (the ""true vision"" 0.o is not that realistic in that expect but its okay, no much impact in game, because maps are ""almost flat"".==Layout==-This is what annoys me, and it really does, you might enjoy it but i prefer a simple layout just like rome 2 total war, it occupies too much space on the screen :(HERE IS A COMPARASION BETWEEN SOME GAMES:http://scr.hu/2m63/hxsie==Balance==-There is no balance for level, i see the new players on the steam getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ i think that you shoud not be allowed to play against lvl 100 if your lvl 20,  but again, this game is not that popular, getting a match being level max whoud be anoying so its understandableI RECOMEND THE GAME, BUT YOU WILL HAVE TO LEARN HOW TO PLAY, BUT IF YOU CAME FOR THE FIRST TIME, BETTER TRY THE FIRST COMPANY OF HEROES. ITS A NO FOR NEW PLAYERS, IN STRATEGY.(Not totally complete and can change at ANY moment)"
,Recommended,231430,17813725,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,XYZchrisABC,This Game + Some Good Marry 4:20 Jane = A Damn Good Time.
76561197996525814,Recommended,231430,17818642,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,KewL,Good RTS game.
,Recommended,231430,17849395,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,CurtisDesu,This game.... is the best war game ever made... only thing that could make this better would be a version from every war or a much more diverse ammount of armies... the 4 (soon to be 5) armie in the game are all perfect in their own way and are made to sute many different playign styles and thats something i feel relic has done perfectly in CoH2... Its a must buy! if you dont like RTS games thill will shine a new light on them
,Recommended,231430,12530840,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,oldi3sel,"This is one of the best games I've played. The battles are epic, It’s a gritty Second World War caper that loads the gaming experience to the hilt, leaving players battered, bruised and thoroughly stirred. I play online/offline all the time. I've put, not in steam, almost 300 hours and it's so amazing! The only game I play as much as this is Dota and Grand Theft Auto V, so this game is unbelievable ... all in- the best strategy game of all time."
76561198050198111,Recommended,231430,17842355,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,[SK]ɖɤǟͣƀŁơ,Imagine CoH 3... dem graphics.
,Recommended,231430,17841272,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,KoLBaLT™,"Company of Heroes 2 got an unfair rep. I bought the game assuming it was complete crap and I went in with a made up mind it was crap, but boy did it prove me wrong. Company of Heroes 2 offers a challenging gameplay, with battles for resource points more intense than the first one. Tank battles are slicker and improved since Company of Heroes and its just all around slicker, with units that serve multi-role, and tanks that have weaknesses. In Company of Heroes, I always found it too easy, i could just hold 25% of the resources and hold the AI off long enough to win, and against players i could just spam low cost units and win, but now its more of a moving frontline. In my opinion Company of Heroes 2 focuses on front to front and being able to take on there. Ive had entire maps engulfed in war, so many bombs dropped it puts to shame what the United States did to Iraq, and huge tank battles that God himself said ""Holy Sh*t"" in total, I highly reccomend this game, it is a must get if you were a fan of Company of Heroes.10/10"
,Recommended,231430,17815762,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Skulmast,Awesome game.
76561198141249312,Recommended,231430,17817081,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,lkonetwenty,"For those that love strategy games, and are World War 2 enthusiasts, this is your game.  Loved the first version of this game when it first came out and its sequel is just as incredible as the first.   Would recommend over and over and over again....."
,Recommended,231430,17817145,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,malkindav,Good but a bit arcadee
76561197992893129,Recommended,231430,17821225,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Mistysword,"Company of Heroes 2 is in no way the masterpiece the predecessor game was. However, it has its own unique improvements and thrill to it. The realistic shelling and bombing will suck you into the WWII torn Europe and Russia"
,Recommended,231430,17854023,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,King Frustrated,GOOD game play it
,Recommended,231430,17856364,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Fumble,this is my first time playing the coh games and for a rts and if u like ww2 u will play this game untill it breaks.
76561198085828880,Recommended,231430,17820981,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,AnxiousShelf20,I Love The Game I Recommend It To All My Friends.
,Recommended,231430,17825809,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Neil McCauley,"I had to pull out of my current session to share this.COH2 has the most comprehensive set of training videos I've ever come across. Maybe comprehensive isn't the word. THe video's are extremely well written and are easily understood. Relic really put some efffort in here to explain everything to the player, even if new to this genre. That deserves some credit.So if you were gonna buy it, but then decided not to because it was probably too complex? I'm here to let you know that it is indeed complex, but go back and buy it.. You'll love it!"
76561198119241655,Recommended,231430,17843888,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,AstroCunt,The battles ive had were pretty ♥♥♥♥in epic! Very fun RTS game but hard at first. 10/10
,Recommended,231430,17905494,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,frota,yes sturmtiger very nice nice boom♥♥♥♥♥♥se
76561198005775751,Recommended,231430,17906662,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,[VSG]White Walker Templar,I loved the first games and I loved how they implemented the weather conditions.
76561198002595408,Recommended,231430,8759909,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,PL4FC- RL89,good
76561198056352614,Recommended,231430,17894569,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Jay Summers,"While it isn't a traditional RTS, it has some very interesting gameplay tactics. I love that you can adjust the view to see the battle field up close, but sometimes the camera can get a bit hard to use. The sound isn't the best as far as the weaponry. I have heard better samples, but all in all I spent a lot of money to play this game.It was unfortunate that I bought Company of Heroes 2 original package first. It seems you can a free copy of the original game in the DLC. This really hurt my wallet. I have spent 100 dollars easily already to unlock all of the factions in the game as well as buying the DLC AND the original game.This kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, but I will tell you this: So far, it is a GREAT RTS game. I just wish their business model wasn't so harsh. I know, new series, maybe a new company, and they need the capital, but damn man, if I would have hated this game, I would never buy a thing from this company ever again.I would recommend it, but only if you buy the new DLC that way you can get the original game for free; don't be a dope like me lol.PROS:Great strategy content.Camera adjustability makes this game more intense.Troop design is awesome.Coding is great, no bugs so far.Plenty of playable modes etc....(Multiplayer)Plenty of campaigns to choose from.(Single Player)Life like personality in the cultures of the units (U.S., British, etc...)Very Balanced skill tree and troop skill designCONS:The cost of the game seems to be a nickle and dime deal.The maps are not that big.The tutorials aren't too explanatory if you are new to the genre.The Interface can be bothersome, but not horrible. (Moving troops around throughout the map etc...)If you are a fan of RTS, I would definitely recommend this series. I might even buy the original Company of Heroes. I have heard that it is even better than the sequel."
76561198074359858,Recommended,231430,17893237,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Dwarf Midget,"This is a great game so far, especially loving the campaign!!!"
76561198078382947,Recommended,231430,17521841,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Major Mystery,"This game is one of the best rts games i have seen, regardless of balance complaints, it has the potential to be a esports game"
,Recommended,231430,12230983,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Jackson808,Great Game!!! Just Fix The Matchmaking And The Multiplayer For Less DelayToo many DLCs you'll start ruining steam library
76561198198316057,Recommended,231430,17550766,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ROB,Best RTS and overall game ever on the PC.
76561197989302832,Recommended,231430,17554924,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Gwyn4,Very good fun RTS game the modding community does a fantastic job too so dont forget to check them out. looking forward to the British CoH2
76561198072523885,Recommended,231430,17587658,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Captain Big Cup,It is good. That is all
,Recommended,231430,9157881,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Squashbuckler,"NOT WORTH FULL PRICE.This should be a dlc addon. Cash grab.Nicely done. Almost identical to the Original COH game, not much has been added. In fact, nothing of note other than some HUD changes for the better.Story is not as compelling as the others. Gameplay is solid as expected. Essentially a weak addon for the original COH titles. Defenitely not worth full price, and, in my opinion, adds lots of ""pay for cosmetics"" options that I am not a fan of. Seems like a cash-in on a successful series. I hate to recommend it, but it is a solid game, and for that it has its merits. I recommend it with reservations."
76561198085307945,Recommended,231430,17788408,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,puro sinaloa,fun game
76561198070220354,Recommended,231430,17788069,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Belal,"Great game, a nice strategy game reminding me of a cross between the Warhammer games meet Red Alert."
76561198053414309,Recommended,231430,17787013,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,luciopaiva,Recommend buying. I haven't noticed any crashes or network issues whatsoever. Maybe negative reviews are for an old version of the game. Gameplay looks well balanced and I had enough fun playing it. I'm an old CoH 1 player and I can say CoH 2 is worth buying too.
76561198058273046,Recommended,231430,17787184,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,SilverWolf 973,this game is the best
76561198006896820,Recommended,231430,17679168,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Stu,"There are some really good reviews about gameplay which I agree with. The game is fantastic, absorbing and keeps you thinking not like other games of its type where you can let units just get on with it. This game makes you look after your people and is so good as a single player campaign (especially if you are into history and challenges) and muleiplayer comp stomp. Also its not just skirmishes, there are some really nice coop challenges.A lot of the negative reviews talk about the DLC's. I agree some seem expensive but you don't need them and also you can wait and have them on your wishlist then buy them when on offer. What I haven't seen much mention of is that this is a live game. Unlike other games which aren't getting new content this game is growing which is great. Am happy to pay for DLC if the game is constantly improving. Can't wait for british forces."
76561198203795260,Recommended,231430,17778475,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,m.mill3085,greatest game ever played
,Recommended,231430,17777112,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,saintmarc,"I love these CoH games.  WWII is my favorite historical time era, so I might be a little biased.  That being said, this has filled the void of there not being a Total War: World War title.This second installment is quite similar to the first CoH game, but there are definite improvements.  Game mechanics has improved and the graphics have also slightly improved over it's predecessor.  The story line is adequate, as compared to the original's story arcs.I have yet to really dive into MP, but I would recommend this game for single player anyways.  The only downside that I have with the game is the inability to set match population caps.  I always enjoy the early skirmishes that occur in battle because I can zoom in and enjoy the theatrical elements of these battles.  Later in the matches, this ""immersion"" becomes lost and I feel myself becoming more of an armchair General than one of the men in the squads."
,Recommended,231430,17777301,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,FatBird!,"If you love the first Company of Heroes, you'll more than likely love this."
76561198048242054,Recommended,231430,17809345,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,ZT,"Great game, built on the original. Annoying how much DLC there is."
,Recommended,231430,17809430,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Augustus Victor,The game is still the second best grand strategy World War 2 game that I have played 10/10
76561198140338872,Recommended,231430,17809466,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,7th Army,The first CoH 1 was actually pretty fun.And this new CoH just literally blow my mind.BTW if u really want RTS and WW2 games this game fits for u for 75% off sale todayBuy now if u want it now
,Recommended,231430,17810925,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Jury,"An extension of the previous game, while not perfect, offers hours of fun with friends!"
76561198078476091,Recommended,231430,17811202,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,History,great ww2 game
76561198092522817,Recommended,231430,7895218,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Katyusha,"I do Recommend this. However, It's more interesting for experienced COH 1 players to instead purchase the ""West Front"" DLC. It's more favorable. For me, West Front DLC successfully combine good old COH 1 with The tense and feeling of MOH (Medal Of Honor. Must be the soundtrack). Its like refurbished COH 1 with tons of addition. OKB West vs USA. German got their Infrared STG;s , airborne can get stuck on the trees (drop point could scatter all the way loose) , Konigstiger and the Jagdtiger 128mm.I'm still dissappoint in the consistency of the series. they could focus this series in the East instead of returning the favor to the west (back to US and Brits). COH 2 should've able to bring players the horror of the Eastern warfare (savage fighting with the Red Army). DLC and Expansion packs could add the story of Axis satelite states as they forced to fight. As Successfull as opposing front and Tales of Valor in descripting the value and valor of soldier ideals to fight (Defending the Fatherland, Fighting for Freedom). COH 2 Should able bring the chivalry of fighting of the Eastern soldiers. But Itall vanished with the arrival of the old COH1 in COH 2 style engine and graphics.But still, The west campaign is great (although you need to pay), voice acting as great as usual (try to spam click every unit), great soundtrack, and other aspect of classic COH you ever felt.Overall, its still a good game. But quite lack the quality of story."
,Recommended,231430,17834907,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Beast builds another PC,just bought this on sell with most of the DLC seems cool but haven't played it enough to choose over this one or the original
76561198246193944,Recommended,231430,30518822,Posted: 14 March,all,edgy,I loved the game's campain. I almost cried at the last part to be honest but it was really sad. The only thing I did not like was how the tanks were super bad at navigating through lands.
76561198061914581,Recommended,231430,17818840,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,King_Peasant,"though I only played it for about 30mins, it was the most fun 30 mins ive had in an rts, very fun"
76561198091469736,Recommended,231430,17951456,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,shyheimgbabe,fun and exciting
,Recommended,231430,17991565,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Defiant,Great game
,Recommended,231430,17991481,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Mattaro89,"A simply outstanding game, a fantastic addition to the Company of Heroes Franchise. Graphics are beautiful, sounds are realistic and the game play emmersive. i get the ""computer not compatable"" warning im using a MBP 13"" 2015 retina 2.9 and it works with out any lag at all.There is however one issue. some of the DLC is only available for the Windows users which is a little bit of a shame and i hope this is fixed soon"
76561198058912244,Recommended,231430,16963725,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,xXZEROSNIPERXx,very good
76561198098756704,Recommended,231430,16964661,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Heavy_boy,"I love WW2 a RTS games. COH is one the best RTS games alonge with other RTS games like Men of War and War Hammer 40,000 Dawn of War and so others. For those who are a big fans of RTS games I recommend COH's and hes mods."
76561197969850103,Recommended,231430,16964691,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Toilet Sparkle,"People complaining at the DLCs... To make it clear, you don't need the DLCs, it is not pay to win, coz you can choose only one commander for a game, so what is the point having 100 commanders to choose from huh? And if you really want one, you can pay as you wish. I prefered the ancient system of COH 1 though (you could choose your commander on the fly during the game), but no way i'm giving a thumb down for that, lawl"
76561197999607560,Recommended,231430,10771812,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,SIGFOR,"Company of Heroes 2. Hype. Bought the game when it was on sale with Western Fronts after not enjoying the beta. The game is great when playing skirmishes with friends but its just so DLC driven like the rest of games now-adays that its not worth until it comes in a complete package on sale. Once again though the need for balance is here. MG's dont mow down people like they should, they instead do low damage and pin. Tank battles are too balanced. A sherman should be obliterated by a Jagdtiger in 1 shot and have a hell of a time penning said jagdtiger from the front. Nope. What REALLY bugs me is the  warspoils. After a hard fought battle you wont get any spoils. Awesome. When you do get spoils its usually garbage COMMON items that you could already have. If you're considering buying this I would suggest you hold off until a sale. Company of Heroes 1 has everything this game has and more. Want the Motherland? Eastern Front mod. Want Modern Warfare? Modern Combat Mod. Want extreme realism with tons of added units, weapons and skins? Blitzkreig mod.X-Play gives Company of Heroes 2 3 ORRRRRAHHHHS...out of 5."
,Recommended,231430,13771081,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,die_lahn,"I like it a lot. Ive never been a huge fan of the sci fi setting in C&C3 or Star Craft, so this is good for me.  The pushed DLC is kind of lame though."
,Recommended,231430,13771345,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Accen,"Very fun RTS. Slightly less than the original, with tons of DLC bait and RNG innfluence, but still an enjoyable and immersive title. Would reccomend.7/10"
76561198018142272,Recommended,231430,13784561,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,MATAMULAS,Muy bueno:)
76561198069991539,Recommended,231430,13690297,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Jack Burton,"my men are too cold...they are not going to survive...mission failed.A must have for folks who like to put the game on the hardest setting and rip the hair from their heads, only to realize...your all alone eating pop tarts at 4am on a friday night wearing your girlfriends slippers and wishing you had a life!must have!Great strategy game, solid graphics, solid gameplay not much wrong with this title and be warned extremely challenging at times..."
,Recommended,231430,13692349,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ooohlala,Great game. Must buy.
76561197990007873,Recommended,231430,13666832,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,iondayz,"similar to Sudden Strike, but BETTER!!!!!"
,Recommended,231430,13206860,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,|H|H| Fr3ddi3,"Not the great game that CoH1 and it's expansions were (and still are), but nonetheless CoH2 is a very good game that is fun to play and nice to look at. I did initially have stability issues when the game first launched but thankfully iv'e not had any problems since the patches, so on to my verdict, is it worth your time? Yes ...But that depends, if you havent got CoH1 or Opposing fronts then i would strongly advise you to get those first, they are cheaper, they still hold up well in terms of visuals and they offer similar gameplay all be it slower (which i prefer).There is also the issue of microtransactions which unfortuantely plague the game. I can play the game and not be bothered by it but it's hard to overlook the fact that you do have a sizeable number of units and perks unavaliable, you can obtain these things via the in game random drop system, but there is no denying that it's designed to force you into buying the stuff.So a cautious recomendation."
,Recommended,231430,13702873,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,The Dirty Bubble,Gr8 m8 i r8 8/8
,Recommended,231430,13703963,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Karkath,"Company of Heroes 2 is infact a very very addicting game. It is just a perfect game for any ww2 buff although there are very few historicly innaccurate details like burning buildings with civilians inside or a slaughter of a soldier for saving Lev Avbrimovich Isacivich. But that is simply for script drama. But the gameplay is full of enjoyment for the player. With the new Ardennes Assault and Western Front Armies DLCs which are sort of overpriced but are worth it they make some parts of the games like its previous title. Also there is lots of player customizing for the Soviets, Werchmact, OKW, and US forces. All and all it is a very good game and it is worth the buy."
76561198035449014,Recommended,231430,13705053,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,{IMP}  Radoorid,This is good and for the past few months they have improved it. I'm looking forward to what they have in store for next year.
76561198012450132,Recommended,231430,13728398,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Willmoto76,"It's a very well constructed game and sucks you right in, HOWEVER be warned that for the full experience and the ability to compete online you must buy into all the DLC's, so you're basically only buying half the game until you get the DLC's. A bit disappointing and hard on the wallet, but a good game nonetheless."
76561198045779407,Recommended,231430,13731585,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BuffaloBill©,ww2 rts @ it best.
76561198036365196,Recommended,231430,13734345,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,BlackWidow,Best game ever 10/10
,Recommended,231430,13722723,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Twisted27,Great game. Worth every penny.  awsome strategy game with great gameplay. ( and it has rewards to make you stronger in battle).
76561198076052953,Recommended,231430,6813767,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,SSHuntingtonnz,"Oh for awesome, best RTS since Total Annihilation"
76561198039856419,Recommended,231430,13724928,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BeefSteakGaming,♥♥♥♥ing love this game
76561198042769945,Recommended,231430,13726880,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ya'Boy Frumpy,"I absolutely love this game. I got all my friends on steam to get it and play with me, and they all  love it too. It is addicting and easy to play. If you like RTS games, then this is definitely one that you need to add to your collection"
76561198002839830,Recommended,231430,13719183,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,lenane57,if you like company of heros this is a must have. and with the new DLC pack the game has no ending hours and hours of game play
76561198018722994,Recommended,231430,13564116,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,McWaddles,coh2 in my opinion is a great game most reviews are saying that the germans are overpowered i say they are but the point is the germans WERE op in ww2 they had the leading technologies in ALMOST everything the russians and americans can only really beat the germans by having a good early start e.g capturing and holding the majority of the territories and mass producing their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tanks the overcome the more superior german tanks (Tiger variants)please comment your opinionsSigned Oberkommand
,Recommended,231430,17795809,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Forrester,This is a very nice game  and if u like ww2 i think u should get this.  But still this is not as good as MoW.
76561197960855695,Recommended,231430,17816101,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,FatRat,"waiting on the update with the british troops, its already an hour behind here in the midwest will we get extra time for it being late"
76561198024272276,Recommended,231430,17546879,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Vigilanz,:)
,Recommended,231430,17861469,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Lolita Love,"BEST, GAME, EVER.and thats all you have to know.the problem was you can only play Germany or Soviet without DLC.but still, freaking awesome."
,Recommended,231430,2213411,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,TheTopMostDog,"Initially grabbed this game for forty Aussie bucks during release week and although the online numbers seem dwindling in comparison these days, I'll still occasionally jump back on it for a match. I always felt it was more competitive playing this one over the original and I don't regret the purchase at all."
,Recommended,231430,17876786,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,anus007,"I like this game alot. If you're searching for a true RTS with great scenary, good single player and multiplayer? THIS is the game for you...No but really, the graphics are decent, gameplay is very fun, Single Player is addicting and there is a semi-wide unit count per nation, however you can get new vehicles through mods or buying premium commanders which sometimes gives you 'new' units.The only dissapointing thing about this game is that (my opinion), the gameplay can get stale at times. This is because you need to capture ground to gain more resources + there is a population cap of 100 in MP matches, this can be increased with mods though."
,Recommended,231430,18126303,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Moheekan,As good and fun as the first one. Multiplayer is awesome. New automatch system for 4v4 allows for gigantic ranked battles.
,Recommended,231430,18128070,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Kunta Kinte,The game is♥♥♥♥♥♥if you dont buy expansion. other than that its ok. mm is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor so dont expect to have fun byyourself
,Recommended,231430,8783088,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Darkkis,Edited:It's in a better state now.
,Recommended,231430,6125389,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Tex_Willer1926,top RTS!
76561198151121561,Recommended,231430,17606828,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,LickPlastic,"Great game, I hate the spoils of war system"
,Recommended,231430,17621475,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,NuttyDeska,"We need more games like this out there, Grade A, WW2, RTS Games! This game can be a bit difficult at times, but it makes up for it in amazing gameplay, this game isn't for everyone though, its a very thought provoking game in which it requires for you to either predict, or think on your feet, depending on the type of player you are, all in all i give this game an 900/1000"
76561198038384770,Recommended,231430,30515757,Posted: 14 March,all,UrbanGod,great RTS enough said.
76561198028541812,Recommended,231430,30515575,Posted: 14 March,all,ϞKυІzυbąϞ クルズバ,"this is pretty good game but like anyone says, the dlc method is pettiful, i recommened a gaming computer at least imo but above all a good gamne"
,Recommended,231430,17470485,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,The13roken,Best Rts There is.
,Recommended,231430,17471842,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Cornbread <Elite>,"Great game, fantastic graphics, definitely authentic."
,Recommended,231430,16572649,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,korekmata,this is a game of intelligence
76561198129542095,Recommended,231430,16574630,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Carrera4K,Awesome game!!!!!!
76561198004387061,Recommended,231430,16575279,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Joeska,prosNo base building in this version you can focus on taking the map.Different commander bonusesBetter serverBetter Ranking systemUnits get cold in extreme weatherFlak tanks actually kill infantryRear echelon are just as good as rifle teams.Tanks are balanced.No base buildingSmaller maps I feelFaction gouging should never be a thing they are forcing you to buy dlc to complete the game or play Russians or Paras.Tank traps are next to useless in the first one it took a lot to kill them a heavy tank can run over em.Barb wire is okay but still next to useless a jeep can just ram through it but this is a pet peave of minePioneers are not over powered in this game if you rememeber the first game you know what im talking about.Need more maps.
76561198076973768,Recommended,231430,16588503,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,jason9827,i really enjoy this game but the only problem i have is that tanks dont kill infantry it is realy annoying
,Recommended,231430,16522231,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Winter,very fun
76561198034964468,Recommended,231430,16528894,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Kevinm10,amazing
76561198051095846,Recommended,231430,7698759,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Badmagick,"COH2 stands proudly by it's forefather COH as one of the best strategy games in history.... Deep and historicaly accurate Campaign full of beautiful effects, almost no glitches or bugs and moments of glorious and gory battle!Multiplayer is fun, fast-paced and rewarding since it has a scaling leveling system full of rewards (unlocks) which empower your army and your generals.A game no strategy lover should miss..."
76561198057538154,Recommended,231430,17460740,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,SirMalcovich,"Simply superb, not as good as first COH but still very very good"
,Recommended,231430,17110236,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Chez,"Actually a review ofArdennes Assaultwhich can't be posted there because of Steam's dumb limitations.Having completed the campaign, I thought I'd weigh in with a few thoughts on this. Firstly, I genuinely enjoyed the way the campaign mode worked. Aside from a short introduction and the finale, the campaign map allows you to play the missions in the order that you choose. Given that you have three fairly distinct companies at your command, each with their own abilities, perks and selections of units, there is a fair amount of variety in the way the games pan out. Most take around 30 minutes, a few might take longer, and assuming you only play through the campaign once, it feels about the right length, neither being over too quickly nor overstaying its welcome.However, I can certainly see how the design would not suit all players. The fact that you can't save means that experimenting to find a strategy that works in a mission can have severe repercussions for the overall campaign. Particularly on hard mode, not knowing what a mission is going to demand places the player on the back foot and might cost them the mission outright. Points earned from victory can be used to upgrade general abilities, whilst the experience a company gains allows them to bring seasoned troops onto the battlefield from the start. However, these same points must also be used to replenish company strength, which becomes essential if a player loses too many troops or battles. Eventually you can find yourself unable to call any more reinforcements to the field, or losing the company altogether. Plan your field campaign badly, and the enemy even receives extra bonuses as retreating troops bolster other positions. As a result, I imagine the campaign's design can force an ultimately doomed attempt to needlessly drag on for hours before the player finally loses and has to start all over again.The campaign then might not be to everyone's tastes, but if you enjoy the single-player CoH experience and relish a challenge, there is enough here to warrant the purchase. However, as another reviewer pointed out, even then this expansion leaves a distinctively cheap impression. If you paid full price, there's nothing more galling than to be taunted virtually on the first screen with extra DLC for your DLC. Pick three of these three generals – or pay more money for a fourth. I didn't initially notice that the fourth one said 'Purchase' rather than 'Select', so spent a good couple of minutes looking over the various abilities before realising it was a wind-up! But there are many other places the developers cut corners (or content). Although the entire campaign revolves around the US forces, their army is not even included for multiplayer, so you'll have to purchase that separately as well. There's no coop mode, which feels like a real oversight given the way the different companies play and complement one another. Some of the maps will be familiar to players as recycled from multiplayer. And for those who enjoy 'em, there aren't even any Steam achievements.Pros:Campaign mode is genuinely good fun, though potentially frustrating.Different companies feel interesting to use and can be tweaked with ability upgrades as campaign progresses.Missions are fairly varied and can play out quite differently with the different companies.Cons:Shameless DLC marketing.US army isn't even included for multiplayer.No coop mode, despite the fact that the interplay between the companies would've made this interesting.Inability to save/retry means a few defeats can easily snowball.Ultimately, this is only a half-hearted recommendation. There's a few hours' decent entertainment here, and at a discount price it's worth the investment. But at full price this expansion is lacking in too many areas, and feels like it had the potential to have been so much more."
76561197984882220,Recommended,231430,8734821,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,DvsMrZeRo,After the horrid start this game had it has improved. but at the same time the problem still are there.infentry are still under powered to tanks. we need more bottle necked maps for stratagic values all open maps suck snd limited troops still sux (even a 50% increase would be nice). DLC content is still BAD!but with all that said this game has become very fun again. if you buy the DLC during steam sales is fine.
,Recommended,231430,17121245,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Prophet,"In this game, as the the cold creeps in, you are beyond death!And if it's in the Summer, you have blood on the sand!"
76561198161053131,Recommended,231430,18416098,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,rickle pick,"263 hours of gameplay for me proves if you like RTS games, this is a ww2 great one"
,Recommended,231430,30561712,Posted: 16 March,all,(((ARFC))) Dexter,"Great game, has the old feel of CoH 1 but better. More smooth, not a fan of the purchasing commander aspect. Others may enjoy it however. It's always a DLC trap with SEGA RTS games so beware.Overall, for this genre of RTS game, 10/10. Best in class."
,Recommended,231430,30546730,Posted: 16 March,all,Veritech,My Favorite Game Ever!
,Recommended,231430,18352506,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Leman,The best WWII RTS available out there!
,Recommended,231430,14396776,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,UN1V3RZUM,"Perfect WWII Atmosphere, Fantasticly Captured In A True RTS Game Which Unfortunately Are Very Few."
76561198021733815,Recommended,231430,18347200,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Marlborough,"A huge improvement!Being a COH fan, I found COH2 pretty disappointing when it was first released.  However, with Ardennes Assault, this game has become a superb combination of the best of COH and the classic Close Combat series.  An outstanding achievement - well done guys!"
,Recommended,231430,18359802,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,KhanIndustries,"I’m not a fan in which the way the game is sold in piecemeal the way it is. With that said however, the game is truly solid in my opinion. If you’re a fan of RTS and like WW2 this is definitely the game that will fit that bill and it does it very well.It has everything you’d expect from a AAA title to good graphics, sounds, gameplay, good control setup, unit variety and now at this point in time, the number of factions (on release it only had two but now five if you opt for the DLC Western Front Armies and British).At the time of this writing, the game is coming close to 20k reviews with a mostly positive rating which really speaks volumes on how this game is. While I could balance my review to talk about the graphics, sound, gameplay, etc... etc... something 20k other reviews have pretty much covered in depth at this point I wish to cover why I think this game has become so appealing.This game is genius in that it offers something for all walks of RTS players.If you’re the single player type whether casual or seasoned, this game has you covered. It offers the traditional campaign with difficulty settings and if that’s not enough you can grab additional mission packs. You can also skirmish vs the AI you can even team skirmish vs the AI so that you can enjoy larger battles all without ever having to play with another human.If you’re the super competitive type this game has you covered as well. It has the usual 1v1 complete with rankings. There are still tournaments held to this day, the last being hosted on twitch with $5k in awards a few days ago from this writing. It also has team vs team modes so that you and your buddies (or random players) can play against opposing teams.And the real beauty of this game is that it even offers something in between.Don’t like being super competitive but enjoy playing with others? Well this game again has you covered as it also provides a co-op skirmish with other online players against the AI with whatever difficulty setting suits you. When going through the list of games you can watch that are currently being played, this mode in addition to 2v2 appears to me at least to be one of if not the most played.I felt it important to really give props to Relic Entertainment for remembering that there are different types of players and providing an avenue, mulitple even, for those players to fully enjoy the game. I felt it important because it’s something some other developers seem to have forgotten some time ago.You know I may gripe about the price but in all honesty I got over 1000h in and I’m still playing so even if you didn’t want to wait for a sale then just pick it up. Casual or hardcore, you’ll most likely get a ridiculous amount of playtime out of this."
76561198076176593,Recommended,231430,18360182,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Remove Kebab,"its great, i got it when it was 10 dollars if you want this game theres lots of dlc and you will get all dlc for one day and then you will be left with the germans and russians only but i do reccomend this if you want a amazaing rts ww2 game/ww2 capaign."
76561198127437795,Recommended,231430,18360723,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,matheusgc02,This game is really goodanyone that loves rts must have thisok so the game takes time to mnaster but the community is great and will not judge you or kick you from lobbies by being new they will play whit you teach you and be really friendlythe way they handle community content is great you dont need to close the game go to the workshop and dowload the stuffif you join a lobby whit mods it will automatically start dowloading everythingthe way they handled dlcs is also great they dont split the communities in any way and that keeps the game alivethe mechanics are also really good and you will easily get immersed in the game and its epic battles11/10
76561198063451073,Recommended,231430,18358664,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,The Majestic,One of the best RTS games ever! Complexity and nervs of steel are something you must have. :D
,Recommended,231430,18374745,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Ball1st1csp0ng3,It expands on what Company of Heroes was. Hooked on it.
76561198093282723,Recommended,231430,18368787,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,⍩,Awesome
76561198047451069,Recommended,231430,20801641,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Steven Seabass,Bangin game!!
76561198038556381,Recommended,231430,13216464,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,KalasDjur,!!
,Recommended,231430,30672164,Posted: 22 March,all,~CaNdLeBoX~,Sure
,Recommended,231430,20308328,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Hotshot Chaz CSGOpoints.com,Im sorry my laptop cant run this Game although I love company of heroes I cant run it  because my laptop is not fast enough for it. Can you plz give me a refund
76561197976708740,Recommended,231430,20566117,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,BDNeon,"A good intense game, also, ignore the overall rating, if you look at most of the negative reviews they're from the Russian Nazis that worship Putin as their beloved fuhrer and hate COH2 for showing the Stalinist Russians as the monsters they were in reality.Screw all you russian nazis."
,Recommended,231430,20568137,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,[77y] Juggy,I think the game is good but not perfect. Graphics are good. But AI in this game sucks (mainly in MP) so much. And dont search reality in this game. Troops in 2 meters are shooting at each other like 10 minutes becaose this game.DLCs are expensive but some of them are good. If im playing MP im prefering mates with me.Reviews 8/10
76561198150187828,Recommended,231430,20571889,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,TEARS OF WAR,i recommend this game it's amazing game for who those like ww2 you should try it
76561198113421923,Recommended,231430,20532796,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Der Kaiser,"It is an understatement to say that this game is great.This game is unlike many of its genre. While other World War Two RTS's out there have similar characteristics to this game (And likewise), this game is unique in its own right. The voice acting for one, is fantastic, and unlike any other game I've played. The look and feel of the game is great as well, but I'd say the thing that takes the cake with this game is the gameplay.Before I start to sing the praises of this game, I will first tell you the things that you might not like about it.Number One - DLC. There are five different playable armies in this game, but only two of them come with the game itself. The other three you have to pay for, and that can be a little annoying. There are other things that come in the form of DLC, such as different commanders for the different armies; different vehicle skins; different missions; etc, all of which you have to pay for if you want them.Number Two - Online Gameplay. While I don't play as much online as other people might, I can tell you that there isn't really a balancing system in place in terms of player skills, meaning that someone who is Level One could get matched up against someone who is Level Forty-Three.With those out of the way, it is now time for the things that you will likely enjoy about this game.Number One - Gameplay. You do not have to just play online. There are modes that allow for battles against A.I as well as battles that allow for just you and a friend. Or if that style of gameplay is not your cup of tea, there is a Campaign to play as well.Number Two - Unlike other RTS's out there, you do not have to level up to acquire different units. (Almost) Every unit that you can train is available with that certain army.Number Three - The Perilous Moments. If I were to choose one thing I love about this game the most, it would be the experience you get from it. The feeling of finally being able to break the enemy line or winning against a really tough opponent just fills you with joy. Even in defeat, there will always be that feeling of perserverance that will linger with you from game to game.The Bottom Line is, I feel that this game is great and well worth the money (Though it does come on sale during major steam sales typically), but only if you're willing to be patient and learn it. If you do, it will be one of the best World War Two RTS's you've ever played."
76561198050407115,Recommended,231430,20591289,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,[TREIBJAGD] der Tod,great stuff!
76561198227354816,Recommended,231430,20592503,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Raptor,Great for anyone who likes WW2 and/or strategies.
76561197992369511,Recommended,231430,20562773,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Tomcat,Great successor of Copany Of Heroes. Mechanics are a bit better than in COH1. Really recommend for RTS players
76561198249190816,Recommended,231430,20498496,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Mr Tbone,Really fun to play. You will be able to learn fast in multiplayer.
76561198126404751,Recommended,231430,20554396,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Help'Me'Im'Hit,"I love playing this game, I'm not much into online play as much as I used too be. Old age along with arthritis and herniated disc in the neck and back don't help. Not too mentioned the eyes lol but I enjoy the ceate custom games feature immensely, you can play at your own pace and with the community maps, tuning packs and more you can play the same map different ways. I only wish COH 1 had all of the maps and tuning backs because between the two games my wife might divorce me lol. thank you for a good product and I only hope you continue to upgrade the game play as well as the commanders. How much to give COH 1 the same support lol."
76561198102390697,Recommended,231430,20546159,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,thor777mx,"First off I dont Know why anybody would give this game a bad review. Its one of my top strategy games ever! Its a awesome game to have in your libary! That being said I didnt buy it at full price, but I never buy pc games unless its on sale anyways. So if its on sale pick it up and have a blast playing ww 2 battles!"
76561198082903390,Recommended,231430,20551090,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,asemokinov,"Best rts I've ever played. Much recommended all around, but watch out make sure your graphics card isn't crap cuz you wont be able to run it adequately especially on snowy maps."
76561198066969216,Recommended,231430,20709969,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Fabio13,"The Company of Heroes franchise is one of the most polished, streamlined, and thematic real time strategy titles in the PC market. The first installments of the franchise offer a unique variety of strategies to all of its players through an array of teams, special abilities and unit types. Though perhaps simple in scope the game has a surprising amount of depth and yet a much friendlier learning curve than most RTS titles out on the market today.Company of Heroes 2 steps up its performance from the first installment albeit not revolutionizing the franchise by any means. Graphically there is very little noticeable improvement, gameplay-wise there are only a few small yet significant changes, yet as an overall package it takes no steps backwards, yet doesn't quite sprint ahead, and ends up re-purposing a tightly knit polished version of an already outstanding real time strategy game.Firstly, the second installment introduces the new faction of the Soviets, and with them come the harsh winter maps and the new dynamic winter weather system. This system may seem a bit of a gimmick, but it can truly create some subtle strategy for generals who choose to acknowledge it and simply keeps the players on their toes throughout the match. My biggest gripe with this installment overall was that while introducing a new faction, they had removed the previous faction of the British, therefore leaving the amount of factions in the game at a stagnant four factions per game (COH with Expansions: Americans, Germans, British, Panzer Elite vs. COH 2 with Expansions: Russians, Germans, Americans, Oberkommando West). But now, they have even released the expansion to once again play as the British in all their glory and with a few new tricks and a simplified tech structure.One big improvement from a multiplayer standpoint however, is that teams are now no longer locked in an ALLIES vs. AXIS format! That means you can have the Russians allied with the Germans against an American and the Western German Command. Obviously a historical mess but nonetheless a welcome freedom in matchmaking.A major change in gameplay is the standardization of all resource points on the map as well as implementing a simple yet intuitive manpower management systems ever. Essentially, instead of exponentially increasing your manpower by capturing more points on the map this new system starts at a set amount giving players +300 manpower (resources) per minute, however, the more units you build the lower this rate goes, and of course if you have just had your army wiped out then it will reset to +300. This is a wonderful system for an RTS game as it simplifies resource gathering and lets the players jump right into the action without having to sit and micromanage the first 2 minutes of a match flawlessly to achieve the status quo startup (see Starcraft/ Warcraft).This manner of ingenuity alone is enough to set Company of Heroes 2 on a pedestal in the vast and competitive genre of computer real time strategy games, however, it is the polish and clever decisions made to offer an authentic war game experience that truly make it an essential game to play for any fan of the genre. From seeing individual units in a battalion getting shot from an enemy sniper in a building down the road, to retreating in fear at the sight of the German mechanized assault, to bracing for the impact of an artillery barrage, Company of Heroes simply has everything you could imagine in a world war setting, and it delivers it to us flawlessly and intelligibly. Hardcore fans of the genre will appreciate the depth of the counter system and territory control while beginners and newcomers will not feel overwhelmed due to the games ""easy to learn, hard to master"" characteristics.Many have claimed that this sequel is simply a re-skin of the first title with a few minor changes and a weather system gimmick. But the respectful decisions to not butcher system already in place and refine the game rather than revolutionize it are what make this title outstanding. If you are looking for an enthralling World War experience with all the bells, whistles and bombs, look no further."
76561198078622642,Recommended,231430,20743364,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,maadz,listen creators of this game i must say all this game needs is voice chat !!!!!!!!!!! it would make less people leave more teamplay and all and all make this game better i have about 4000 hours played and thats all id like in this game plz :(
76561198090724088,Recommended,231430,20741596,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,scrotem cheese,great game
76561198008360936,Not Recommended,231430,20832712,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,iDeer,"Played throught the campaign. Fairly intertaining, but nothing compared to the original COH. I also found that Vehicles have be come much less inteligent. Often they are unable to complete simple move orders, because of a unit slightly in the way.Unfortunatly I prefer the original. It seems they are too busy making more DLC then perfecting the game."
76561198006396100,Recommended,231430,15082396,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Quick Ben,"This game was very well made with campaign that I enjoyed.  I get to kill all my friends troops and tanks then watch as my artillery destroys their base.  9/10Don't like how people say its all about the DLC when it really isn't.  I didn't buy any for about a year, then I bought the Western Front pack.  Only purchased Commanders and skins once.  I had plenty of fun without the DLC, the only reason you would buy them is if you didn't like the two starting armies.  It was the same way with the first Company of Heroes, you got your two starting armies and could purchase an additional two.  Plus, you can get commanders, skins and intel bulletins from war spoils.  Which means the only thing you really need to buy are the armies, and Theatre of War.Great game, would recommend to anyone who likes strategy games."
,Recommended,231430,15659889,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Simple Steve,"Despite the shameless DLC and greasy attempts for a few bucks, its a good game. I am a fan of COH1, and I am an equal fan of COH2.The battles are just as intense as the predecessor, and in my opinion, give more feedback. This is controversial, but I feel that vehicles give a lot more signs that they're about to blow up than in COH1."
76561198013321752,Recommended,231430,7440080,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,KMW,Before the war I was a math teacher...
76561198064350249,Recommended,231430,6348864,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Davkul,Install this.
76561198083450895,Recommended,231430,15656019,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Xentur,10/10 I love everything about it I am hoping for Company Of Heroes 3!
76561198054161977,Recommended,231430,16093510,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Kasires,I just like this game
76561197970530214,Recommended,231430,16022745,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,P-NUBS,Pretty kickass game.  The mechanics are similar to the original. the UI however is HORRENDOUS.  I dont think I have ever played a game with as ugly of a UI as this one.  Also why they hell do they make you Russians and Germans? I want the USA.  They make you pay 20$ for the USA? Lame.
,Recommended,231430,16119955,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,XV88 Broadside Battlesuit,Bought it for 15 bucks with most dlcs and the warhammer 40000 serier.I say it was worth it.
76561198140173202,Recommended,231430,16122520,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,GrimmAssassin3,After awhile it breaks down and gets stuck in this cycle where it has an update but it never loads then it says that steams too busy to load it but besides that the game is fantastic and i love the game tho and i really wish i could play it again but since the update wont load i'll never get to play it but i would recommend but don't be surprised if  it breaks down R.I.P in  pepperoni the Company of Heroes 2 :'( Also the down load is mainly steams fault since its too busy to deal with my problem >:(
,Recommended,231430,16103117,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,TehBrownSheep,"Very fun, difficult strategy game. Would highly recommend for anyone who enjoys RTS and WW2.Do note, it has a very high learning curve, so if you want to get good you have to read a LOT of guides, watch replays, etc.Very fun!"
,Recommended,231430,16013991,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,AGaming,"A worthy sequel to the first Company of Heroes, excellent multiplayer with four unique factions that will leave you with endless amounts of gameplay."
,Recommended,231430,16082153,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,MemeTrakᵀᴹ,I don't understand all the hate this game is getting. It's freaking amazing. Sure there are some questionable aspects such as DLC and minor balance issues but that doesn't change how much fun I have playing this game. Premium commanders can also be earned as you level up. If you enjoy WWII and RTS games i would strongly recommend this game.
76561198017930064,Recommended,231430,15711175,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,zam,More DLCs pls.
76561198115440002,Recommended,231430,15812793,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,hiang19732,bye game 9usd i dont play game ????????
,Recommended,231430,15815994,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,FiLtH,this is FORKIN great
76561198027517016,Recommended,231430,15784963,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,DarthGeeza,recommend
,Recommended,231430,15852759,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,[5ko]Mr.No Name,great game but why do you have to pay for commanders thats ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i played company of heroes and you didnt have to have commanders to use the units and abillitys unlocked by the command points.
76561198091326028,Recommended,231430,15855939,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Nasty License,personally love this game!
76561198037304721,Recommended,231430,16113104,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,rippa58,Hours of fun
,Recommended,231430,6048095,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,RJSWalker,"Brutal, just Brutal, raw and viseral carnage on the eastern front, thoroughly enjoyable."
,Recommended,231430,16259736,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Susano'o,This is one of the best if not THE best strategy game i've ever played!totaly worth the money!
,Recommended,231430,930002,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,Spider,If you have played the first one - it s even betterIf you didn t please try it - it s worth!
76561197961181596,Recommended,231430,13660788,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Melliz!!,Simply the best strategy game out there!It has somewhat of a steep learning curve but hang in there noobs you will get better! :)
76561198014798338,Recommended,231430,13661067,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Gauss,This is my favorite RTS game. The resrouce system is fair and it forces people to fight instead of turtiling up. I would highly recomend this game.
76561198092051863,Recommended,231430,13165317,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Capitalist_Østrich,"Compared to mose strategy games ive played, this one rises above all the others, stunning graphics, great skill required to play this, realism, fun to play with friends, intense.... the list goes on and on, great job!"
,Recommended,231430,13167083,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,CX-SPC-2448 Impact [104th - WP],This game looks awsome havent played it but i think ima like it so ya id rate 9/10 it is a good game i have played coh 1 it is awsome just like this game looks so yes id recomend it
76561198074565908,Recommended,231430,13171151,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,xX Epsilon Xx,"Fantastic game, rich story, and well thought out, few issues, but nothing to stop you from playing the game. I highly recommend playing the game. 9.5 out of 10"
76561197975990344,Recommended,231430,13173172,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Peddarn,My new favorite RTS strategy game.
,Recommended,231430,13087158,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,™1Shot1KiLL®,best RTS ever. but thay have turned it in to a pay to win kind of game ( like you see in free to play games = everything cost money ) l bought anders asoult and had to pay an extra charge just to play with the rangers..!!! the greed for dlc's spoils the game
,Recommended,231430,13093463,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,GOD,"Played Company of Heroes back in the day, and now the sequel is just as wonderfuly tactical and atmospheric.In the dwindling world of RTS games, this is one of the few that feel solid."
76561197982146276,Recommended,231430,13093895,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,s4d_panda,Pure cranberry. 10/10
76561198088330341,Recommended,231430,13255168,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,JustxBlonde,be cheper ok
76561198006893472,Recommended,231430,12718984,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Fear2288,"Pros:+ We finally got a CoH2!!!+ The Eastern Front setting is a fantastic change of scenary from the over-used US vs Reich D-Day scenario+ Great visual design and performance on mid-range systems+ Theatre of War game mode is a nice addition that sits somewhere between campaign and straight-up skirmish modes+ Campaign is just as good as the original game+ Small tweaks and additions to the CoH formula are welcomedCons:- The removal and later selling of other ""factions"" is a bit questionable (i.e. shipping with two and later selling the American and a second German faction)- There are supposedly issues with online balancing (though personally I'm not a MP kind of player so...)- Rubbed some Russians the wrong way...so...if you're Russian you probably won't take kindly to the Soviet bashing (though it's completely justified...)Bottom LineIt perplexed me that it took this long for a CoH2 to come out. The original game was highly popular and still being played by many people and it was a little worrying that this IP was seemingly going nowhere. While the game's release was a little bugged and there are supposedly still some issues with the MP, from a SP/campaign perspective this game is fantastic and should be a must-have for any WWII or military strategy gamer.The narrative/campaign is just as strong as the original game's and the choice to move out of the over-used Western Front was an effective and intelligent one in order to ensure the game felt like a fresh experience. I also applaud the game makers for taking a risk in portraying the Soviet Union/Red Army as it was as opposed to how it's painted in overly nationalistic/romantic Soviet history books. Undoubtedly COH2 didn't make many Russian friends but hey...sometimes the truth hurts..."
,Recommended,231430,13232003,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Col_Crashalot,Mods are the best part of this game
,Recommended,231430,13232340,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Nic Cage The Dick Mage,"Other than them wanting you to buy DLC's for extra content to give you an advantage in muliplayer, this game is actually pretty fun. Ive heard people say this game is crap compared to CoH but i dont know sence i havnt played the 1st one. I can say that if this game is the first one of the small series that you buy that you will be impressed."
76561198021397137,Recommended,231430,13235407,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Malice,Best WW2 real time strat out at the moment. constantly updated with new content absolutely worth the cash if you like games like Men of War and warhammer 40k series.
,Recommended,231430,13236365,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Zeales,"Unfortunately mortars are still overpowered as hell and scouting is still only somewhat useful. However, you'll still have a ton of fun once you overlook these things."
,Recommended,231430,12584287,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Calculate This,"Best traffick jam simulator ever.The AI is pretty bad at communicating with eachother to open up paths, and occassionally when playing a bot match one of your team bots will build a lot of really big vehicles and block off the main road, making it impossible for you to get threw without blowing them up."
,Recommended,231430,12520245,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Mental [Unicorn Actual],"I have had a lot of fun playing the COH series. However, it is rather absurd that they didn't learn some mistakes from thier fisrt game...The big complaints with the first game was that controls could not be remaped and that it had no SLI support.With COH2 they fixed one of the issues but not arguably the most frustrating."
76561198057267956,Recommended,231430,8032634,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Welsh Ladd,its good
76561198016423723,Recommended,231430,8033500,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,XhanbaoX,one of the best RTS game.
76561198036569150,Recommended,231430,8033545,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,"Punished ""Venom"" Harambe",its fun
76561198038165300,Recommended,231430,8033970,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,The Pink Lightning Bolt,good game
,Recommended,231430,8034807,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Jesus,"So, I would like to be clear, this is a hesitant recommendation. The base game is good. Good enough to be worth buying, even. However, since the release of the game, there's been a trend that I've found entirely unpleasant and unsettling. I'll get to that after my base review.The game is great. It's not exactly Company of Heroes 1, and the time between releases shows, but for the most part, the improvements are positive ones. I absolutely love the addition of TrueSight, as it makes the feel of the game much more realistic and provides a much greater opportunity for basic tactical gameplay. The first time someone slips a Panzer IV around you without you noticing and starts harrassing one of your flanks, you will feel it's impact.The campaign is a little lackluster, but still good. I didn't find myself quite as drawn into it as I was with the original game, and around halfway through I sort of lost interest. Those of you who are considering buying the game for that merit alone might want to consider waiting for a steam sale or something.Multiplayer is improved, with a much more streamlined way of finding exactly what kind of match you want. I haven't messed around with it too much, but it seems reasonably effective at matching players of equal skill level, which is always nice.All in all, I would recommend the game, as it is.Now, that being said, the other issue. DLC. I don't know who exactly came up with this scheme, but gone is the ""expansion pack"" DLC that I loved from the first game. This game is RIDDLED with microtransactions, dozens of paint jobs for vehicles, which could be excusable, but also a huge selection of Commanders, this iterations version of skill trees from the previous game. They pump advertising for this microtransaction ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t into the main menu, and it stays with you no matter what screen you're looking at. I really, really hope this idea dies in it's cradle like the abomination that it is. And, had I known this was going to be the case, it would have been enough for me to forgoe purchasing the game alltogether. It's that bad.It's the equivalent of finding that girl you had a crush on in high school, 10 years later on the side of the road, turning tricks for a quick 20 bucks. It's just sad and leaves a bad taste in your mouth."
76561198011857018,Recommended,231430,8036858,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,[Ai] Panana,AL CHILE TA LOCO
76561197966274704,Recommended,231430,8036864,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,wreckem,for the motherland!
76561198093661619,Recommended,231430,8040316,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,BorYYYs,"I love the game since the very first release, but I was looking for more changes. COH2 is great for ppl who donno the first COH, for other ppl it just same old game with just a few changes."
,Recommended,231430,8040622,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,sgt.peppert,"Great game, suffers from some input lag etc, but its getting better with every update."
76561197972298504,Recommended,231430,8059899,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Nug,"As good as the original experience, with refined graphics, sounds and added features. Awesome."
76561198016870674,Recommended,231430,8061613,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,HOOPLA,Good
,Recommended,231430,8062508,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Vexitus,"I enjoy CoH 2, maybe not as much as I enjoyed the original CoH games, but it is still worth playing. The new Theater of War feature is fun if you are looking for new challenges and Coop, but the skirmish mode doesn't have nearly as many maps as the original CoH. The generals features are also neat, but I miss the original CoH branches such as Airborne and Tank Divisions instead of selecting a general."
,Recommended,231430,1185627,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,arcangl,"Great improvement over the original. I'm honestly sad that they limited it to just Soviet and Germany. While it was a very important part of WWII I don't think it is as enjoyable as the Western Front for gameplay. The story cut scenes are HORRID. But still a real blast blowing the enemy to bits. Balance is still being worked out, though."
76561198071185062,Recommended,231430,8065599,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,- YOLO - Brianna Kiesel,this game really good RTS if u like RTS u should try :D
,Recommended,231430,8151631,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,nur226,"Incredible game,one of the most innovative RTS franchises does it right once again.Company Of Heroes 2 has a solid campaign,and also boasts a great multiplayer experience,all while maintaining an amazingly fun vibe throughout and keeping you on your toes. The AI is fun to mess around with on lower difficulties,and it can prove to be a force to be reckoned with on the higher ones.Overall i must say this game is a must-buy for any fans of the RTS Genre,Total Score* for this game currently is :8.5/10-1 : The unit controls sometimes gets messy and can prove to be difficult to handle when in the heat of battle (Units not using cover automaticly when they're standing right next to it.)-0.5  : The strain on the hardware can get tiresome at times with frame drops and the such.Positives:The Graphics :I find myself marveling at the sheer beauty of the battlefields more often than you might guess,therefore i find the graphics to be worth mentioning in the positives section for this game.The Combat :Destroying a hostile tank has never felt this good,Company Of Heroes 2 features a fast paced,and frankly, a fun to use combat system.  You get the decide the terms of the engagement,decide every action your units make and how they react to enemy actions,making the combat feel that much more immersive.* - This score is subject to change in the future as i get more playtime in Company Of Heroes 2,For better or worse."
,Recommended,231430,4112067,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Tranquilizante,Very nice game.A must have for strategy lovers. Like myself :)
,Recommended,231430,8345099,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,rHass120,Great addition to the CoH franchise!  Fans new and old with love it's new challenges!
76561198084593412,Recommended,231430,8351009,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,PeppermintPatty,"Loads of fun to play. Not exactly the most historically accurate WW2 game on the market but COH2 still presents enjoyable tactical challenges to work through and complete. The campaign is interesting and fun to play when you arent completing the challenges in the 'Theatre of War' mode or battling it out online. All of this combined with great cinematic effects such as tank distruction, the drowning of vehicles and units in damaged frozen rivers and the collapse of damaged buildings makes COH2 such a great game. Highly recommended."
76561198036552474,Recommended,231430,8306696,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Yorkshire_Pudding,"This game is bang on all these users that dont recommend rather cannot play it cos its too hard or their hardware sucks.. just take note of how many hours they have played before taking their advice.As usual u will get bugs like u do in any other game,most people you play online with are friendly and theres plenty todo.. overall great game..."
76561197996688179,Recommended,231430,1702242,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Rumblestrip,"Like a hairy mole, it will grow on you  ;-p"
,Recommended,231430,7652019,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,SlayerNX,If you're a fan of the original pick this one up
,Recommended,231430,2561599,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,๖ۣۜSpectral ๖ۣۜKnight,"By far one of the best Real-Time Strategy games.As gameplay is amazing just as the first Company of Heroes but this game comes with a new historic theme:The Eastern Front of World War II,with new maps for skirmish battles and with new tactics and vehicles owned by USSR at that time.Another feature that is a very good improvement is Theatre of War along with cooperative battles which are made to keep you in game for a while."
76561198044867342,Recommended,231430,8009781,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,pricey360,Best WW2 rts I have played
,Recommended,231430,1204578,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,=aGp= enOysaE,"Best RTS out there, and that goes double if you are a WWII History fan"
,Recommended,231430,8010276,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Reiksson,The single player campaign was overall quite easy but incredibly fun. It was interesting playing through Operation Barbarosa which is a side of the war less explored because the United States was much less involved.
,Recommended,231430,8010445,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Dookey Shoes,"It takes some time to get used to, especially if you've played a lot of the original.  The play style and strategies can be quite different (it's even more difficult if you've played Blitzkrieg). But otherwise, once you figure out a play style that works for your personality it can be hella fun and the variety of commanders adds a nice dynamic."
76561197970475090,Recommended,231430,413502,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,DeepFriedGamer,"Fun SP missions, great MP experience, incredible wealth of tactics and explosive audio make this a worthy sequel. Cut-scenes are weak and the vehicle pathfinding leave something to be desired, but If you like WWII RTS games...don't miss this!"
76561198004623912,Recommended,231430,7719856,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,{FRG}Grizzly,Great game!
76561197971555160,Recommended,231430,8013504,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Messy Burrito,"Great game, core mechanics are the same.  Some minor differences that add a twist to the gameplay.   Solid multiplayer and the campaign has been fun so far.  I would recommend this if you like strategy games, or have some sort of C&C nastalgia."
76561198055905245,Recommended,231430,8015640,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Orks Rules...,kerenn deh pokoknyaaa harus belii....strateginya asik..
76561198008739440,Recommended,231430,8015649,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,parksalanj,"Game has had over 200 crashsIt appears only very high end PC,s can run this correctlySometimes it crashs as soon as it starts, other times after a min or so some campain missions work fine,some not at allAll other games run fine on this PCNever had a problem with coh or their expansionsVery disappointed with Sega and Relic to over engineer a game to make it prettyRather then work correctly"
76561198016003464,Recommended,231430,8015796,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,[Ai] Kino,Esta bien mamalon mucha accion muy bueno pero algo dificil la raza esta muy calada ya toma tiempo ganar algunos juegos
76561198013668382,Recommended,231430,8016976,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,N7777777N,good game deep play
,Recommended,231430,8017779,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Enastenka,GG
76561197969383962,Recommended,231430,8018248,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Fumbles,Big fan of the first game and a likewise a big fan of this one as well. The gameplay strikes a nice balance and for me even feels a little more fluid than the original. You may however have to overlook some of the historical inaccuracies if you are a WW2 buff.
76561198022886214,Recommended,231430,8021027,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,xmp.Bender,Das beste RTS  - auch im 2ten Teil - es fehlt eigentlich nur ein Mod / Addon das alle Fraktionen aus Teil 1 & 2 vereint
76561198067576649,Recommended,231430,8021036,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,WaRRyKeR स्वस्तिक,"Very Cool real time strategy game. Not too realistic because of the weak germans, but they had to be nerfed to bring more balance into the game!!!"
76561198012046311,Recommended,231430,8021045,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Darkfox,"great game and still funny , new maps new units  what more u need"
,Recommended,231430,7020780,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Jones,"Very fun strategic game. The campain is just excellenct, and there is many maps to play on againt ai or a person."
76561197970439892,Recommended,231430,411086,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,wwiidoc,A+
76561198074513329,Recommended,231430,13795859,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,lewismorris13,This game ♥♥♥♥in rules
76561198053475763,Recommended,231430,13796621,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Legalize Leurdă,.
76561198078368484,Recommended,231430,13800107,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,LukeTerrance,"If you're here for a tradition rts you're in the wrong place, but if you're here for a very restricted and heavily demanding PC game with some charm that can only be obtained from one source this is the game for you.I'm running a gtx 750 ti pre SC and on low I can get a steady 60fps but don't think you can max this game out unless you're playing on a heavy PC#MASTERRACE RIG.The campaign and compstomp (Vs the hardest Ai) is what I enjoy about this game you can build structures but with great restrictions I recommend this game but have heard better things about Company Of Heroes (1)."
76561198089885352,Recommended,231430,13917235,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,leadeath3,"Wow! When relic said they were making a second Company of Heroes, I thought it would be cool. Now don't get me wrong,I had my doubts about this game. Since Sega was new to the franchise I was in doubt. But the game did not disappoint. I love the new Ardennes Assualt DLC. It was such a nice DLC because it brought back the old US Army faction, which got me excited because I used to play the old CoH and still do. I also like the new soldier detail that they added in the game. A real good example of this is the new paratrooper. If you look at the old paratroopers from the first CoH, there is a lot more amazing detail to the new soldiers. Company of Heroes is an amazing franchise. I did not hesitate to get this game and neither should you. So I hope this review will really help you guys in your final decision to purchase this game or not. And as always, I will be seeing you guys on the Battlefield!"
,Recommended,231430,13905271,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,FiftyMak,"Great game,  one of the best strategy games ever made"
76561198130526656,Recommended,231430,13920560,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,bahatt78,Not much change compared to the first CoH. But I would definetely recommend it for the series lovers and first time CoH players !
,Recommended,231430,13785891,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Conger,Decent RTS Game set in WW2 - Some controversy over the commanders what can be bought or earned via drops in game but brings some variety to online play.
,Recommended,231430,13790983,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,MARWAL,It's good strategy. I like it <3
76561198150599452,Recommended,231430,13853832,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,japan,it so cool and just like d day
76561198040554480,Recommended,231430,13833872,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,DEV.Mac,Great Game!!
76561198073138141,Recommended,231430,6714491,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,teryvet,gamato
,Recommended,231430,13835727,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,RisingStorm,so far so great
76561198095776094,Recommended,231430,13839150,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Tiger Tank 113,Awesome game!! The Ardennes Assault update is long overdue but worth the wait!! :)
,Recommended,231430,13842252,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,bob saget,GODDAMN GERMANS
76561198017891554,Recommended,231430,13843805,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Malore,URAH
,Recommended,231430,13847986,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Reverend Barka,"Regardless of the quite curious behaviour of the company who developed this title in response to critisism of its historical accuracy, I must say, I do enjoy it.For those who like RTS games, as well as the truly unique aesthetic to be found in times of the Great Wars, this game is right up your alley way. It offers a good balance in fast-paced gameplay and tactical capability, often forcing you to think on the fly, as well in the long run. Of course, this will only be found when engaging in PvP, or AI Skirmishes. The Story as far as I can tell is nothing special, but it does offer a good way to gain experience for when you decide to delve into the multiplayer side of things.In terms of how the game actually functions: It is much like Dawn of War II. You have a home base from which you build units. On the map, there are control points which you must take to gain the recources you require to build more units. As the game progresses, you will likely have to build extra structures that will allow you to build 'better' units, which of course cost more recources. Units can be upgraded, and these upgrades can vary depending on which 'Doctrine' you decide to use in the battle. These Doctrines are essentially a set bundle of abilities and upgrades that often follow a specific kind of gameplay style. For instance, there is a Blitzkrieg Doctrine which gives you the ability to temporarily increase the speed of their units, while passively decreasing the ammount of time it takes them to capture a point - this Doctrine has more effects as well, however they escape me at the moment. Similarly, the Russian Army has a doctrine that allows the player to equip a squad of conscripts with a flamethrower (#OP, kidding.)Before you start a match, you decide three doctrines that you will take into the game with you, however once in a match, you can only choose to use one of them, and you can do this only once. So essentially you can adapt to different situations. If you see you'll have to steamroll your way to victory, you'll choose the Doctrine that allows you to do that best, if you have to play defensively, then you'll choose hte doctrine that allows you to do this. This adds another layer of strategy to the game. When you first start out, you will only have some default Doctrines with you, however as you progress through the multiplayer system you will unlike more.Note that when you purchase the game, you will initially only have two armies available to you for multiplayer matches: The Wehrmacht, and the Red Army. You will also notice that there are two other armies that exist; The Oberkommando West (a different German army) and the US Forces. These you will have to buy if you wish to play as either of them. This is of course a bit of a scam in my opinion, however these armies are not OP or massively superior to the two 'default' armies. You can win battles with all of them, and you can lose them as well.Overall, it's a fairly solid package, but like pretty much every other game ever made, it is not perfect. If you read this, and you decide to get it, hit me up! I need more friends to play this game with. That's when it's really fun."
76561198096143818,Recommended,231430,13860509,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,im on lean,By far my favourite World War II RTS
,Recommended,231430,13863131,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Hawkeye,"I think after 200 hours I can finally at least give an amatuers review haha.I really like this game, people tend to really pick apart games and give negative reviewson things that don't matter I'm not concerned if you have to pay for skins I don't use them anywaythough paying $40 for Ardennes Assault I admit is pushing it, but I've gotten through the gamewithout buying silly things like skins and that. Glitches as always with any game are present, but for me anyway were minimal. It's given me 215 hours of enjoyment so far so it can't be that bad :)It's your choice, but theres nothing more fun than watching a tank fall beneath the ice haha."
76561198040980585,Recommended,231430,13875248,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,GMAN,"Years ago I tried playing the first Company of Heroes and was unimpressed.  Company of Heroes 2 however has won me over, combat seems more fast pace and the number of troop types and abilities keeps me interested.  If you want a game that rewards strategic game play and punishes poor strategy but only takes 30 mins a round, this is the game for you.  The more I play this game the more I enjoy it."
,Recommended,231430,15936386,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Milk Bag,"One of the best RTS series to date, COH2 isn't quite what it could be but tons of fun nevertheless."
,Recommended,231430,15509972,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Flatline,"So at 251+ hours in what could I say about this game?Its Highlights:- Tactical based gameplay- Superior Micro wins the day (usually) do not fear the blobbers!- Multiplayer is competitive and the best I've ever playedIs it p2w?A lot of people would say yes, I would say no. Whilst I've had elite troops since february my w/l percentage was abysmal till recently (When I stopped using it as much).Its downfalls:- Based on RNG hail the 1 shots!- War spoils could be better but you can still earn most things through it so its better than nothing(?)- Singleplayer is a waste of time!I'd recommend it to anybody but it has its issues."
,Recommended,231430,15566596,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Youtube TheNickFernandes,"Started first time with Company of Heroes online. I liked it very much, played all the time. After year and months they said that they not feeling that ppl are very interesed in this game so they are closing after few months and it was like for me, i'm going to kill my self because that game was my FAVORITE from all of games. So they closed and it was sad day. After a while i heard first that they are going to release again online Company of heroes and i was so happy. When they released closed or open beta and dont remember i thought yeah i want again play. But my pc was really bad and i couldn't. So i had on steam game but bad pc, now i bought new pc and playing this game. It's graphics is awsome and i really love this game, i'm really happy that i can play again this game.... Speaking about first impression, nice graphics and very expierenced players playing with noobs > ME . Because i have to learn all things, but mby they loosing because of me slow or not strategy player. So something should be done with ranks and MM for bigger expierenced players and starters. And ofcourse 65% Axis and only 35% max 40% Allies. Lot of ppl playing Axis so it's sad part too. On first Company of Heroes online it was mby 55/45 but now so much player on one side and lot less on other. But anyway if you have played this game before online or with friends or SP. I think you should buy this game and test out. I like it and i love it. With improvements i think this game will be again best RTS for me atleast. Check  out and mby you too want to join this WAR. Good luck."
,Recommended,231430,30504256,Posted: 14 March,all,iNoOne101,Useless Skins
76561198106324168,Recommended,231430,15535204,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Death Metal Koro,"Ok so first off,  I consider the first Company of Heroes the BEST and GREATEST RTS game of all time (Yes better than Starcraft 1). Unfortunately this game is nowhere near the level of greatness that the original was and still is.Pros-Sound design is great (music is really epic)-Controls are easy and fluid-AI is smart-A couple of really intense missions towards the end of the gameCons-The single player mode is terrible, nowhere near as epic as the original-I do not like any main characters from this game (Hard to root for them when the Russians are almost as evil as the Nazis)-Graphics are only a tiny bit better than the original-A lot of the missions are boring and repetitive-No interesting tanks or units to choose from (very limited)-Only a couple of the missions allow you to build a base, most missions involve controlling a small group of soldiers-The story is very bad and too dramatic-The cut scene graphics are very dated and blurry-The weather effects only play into one missionVerdictEven though this game is extremely disappointing I am still glad I bought this for $25.00 (Along with the first COH and all expansion packs). This game could have been so much better but in the end it is just an OK game. I am glad I did not buy this for $60.00.Grade 7/10 (OK)Buy this game but only for a bargain. It is not worth the full price."
,Recommended,231430,15675470,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,TheHNM,"Company of Heroes 2 isn't very different from it's predecessor and playing CoH2 feels like playing the same game but instead of killing americans you kill soviets. But it's still a good and thrilling game, with better graphics and engine. Some people might say it's just a very, very expensive copy of the first Company of Heroes but with a few improvements.It may be so. But in my opinion the cold and harsh atmosphere of the Eastern Front is very engrossing, the battles are more intense, tactical, brutal, exciting and even more frustrating.I love this game because you won't find a equal or better Real-Time-Tactic game.(The only things you'll probably dislike are the sometimes ridiculously ending squad-battles, but this occurs not very often)"
,Recommended,231430,15679065,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,WorldOfWarships~HarunaWaDaijobu~,Recommendedbecause its tell the story how the red army fight for they motherland and it has a good fight like the first company of heroes
76561197967141896,Recommended,231430,267456,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,__b__,Don't miss it~
,Recommended,231430,15702644,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,CycloneJack,"Great ww2 action in a TACTICAL RTS.....If you're looking for a RTS that is like starcraft(I.E base building,zerg army,resouce expansions etc.) this isnt the game for you.If you like to micro your soldiers this is your game.One unit can make all the diffrence, hell one gernade throw can change the battle....luck is also a factor, but this game is about keeping control during chaos and ADAPTION to the battle.... Every unit is useful, there is no ""tier # unit"" spam."
,Recommended,231430,12546269,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Self_Äwareness,Played a couple hours . Kinda cool.
76561197984152904,Recommended,231430,15775546,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,: ),"I find it a bit confusing at times, but it is nicely done."
,Recommended,231430,15776733,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Kratos,Best game of the year - 10/10
76561198070742406,Recommended,231430,14726680,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,TheDrizzle,"Last time there was this much fun on a RTS game was a little game on Dos/Windows 95. Looks around.Your first few games, you'll feel like Stalin killed less of his own men then you do.The base game, without DLC, is a lot of fun. Contains two factions, loads of weapons, maps and enhancements.Has steamworkshop support, games can take 30 mins + for multiplayer. PvP. PvAi,"
,Recommended,231430,14714892,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,kisakatti csgobig.com,1 Word: Blitzkrieg
76561198025196261,Recommended,231430,3607042,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,Yagha,balance is off but if you like warhammer 40k games this is almost the same in game play
76561197982052380,Recommended,231430,920053,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,SEREGAtr,"Кушает железяки неплохо, рычит на старые дрова. Судя по первой миссии бурги не все передали нормально, хватает бреда. Кое какие геймплэйные недоработки. А в общем неплохо, можно играть релики не сфэйлили по крайней мере."
,Recommended,231430,14439336,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Klara Totenkopf,"Fun to play and i hope ill get good drops, good game"
76561197985080662,Recommended,231430,14439731,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,stickrouse,I have just as many hours on here as I do CIV 5 (which my brother and roommate play as well) if that's saying anything.
76561198073137714,Recommended,231430,14439917,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Ayoo_Leo,this game  is simply amazing. i never get tired of it keep up the good work.
,Recommended,231430,14440170,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,ParaPlays,"Much better than the first one once you buy Arddanes Expansion, grx update is amazing. Very recommended if Men of War is too much micro mangement."
76561198030067620,Recommended,231430,14441701,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Lord And Master,"COH2 incorporates most of the features that made the original great. Its a fast paced tactical chaos when main armies start to battle and it makes it all the worthwhile when you find victory.I will admit that some of the winter battles can get annoying since it can lessen the stratic fun of the summer version but it offers it's own challenges which could be appealing to the right players.The micro transactions for generals and perks is the only negetive thing i can say about COH2, its just unneeded. Otherwise spot on. 8/10"
,Recommended,231430,14441952,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Tech-Priest,its fun
76561198014946326,Recommended,231430,14442478,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,akira_2040,"Gran Juego de estrategia. A veces resulta demasiado realista la campaña (no para los débiles de corazón o que no pueden seguir órdenes del General, je)"
,Recommended,231430,14443003,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Champ Tinnakorn,"I love this game and think it's better than COH 1.The reason as follow below.1.The General mode which make this game varies of tactic. The infantry or tank expert is up to you.2.The Steam Workshop, it means you will have unlimit maps and mod.3.Better Graphic and SFX."
,Recommended,231430,14444055,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,the black pilgrim,this game is the best not played it much but it´s still one of the best games i have ever played
76561198072542956,Recommended,231430,14444355,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,BATMAN,"COH is a WW2 based game and gives you a very interesting atmosphere to play in. I have played the first COH when I was about 9 years old and I just enjoyed it very much. I was very amazed with the graphics and gameplay but then my computer died and I was so sad. I just waited for the game if they were going to make a new one then COH2 comes out I know its been a long time since the release date but when I saw this I was going crazy hype about COH2.In gameplay it is good but it is better to have a really good PC to run this because this game really needs some power to run on or otherwise you won't be satisfyed by playing in all low graphics options. Campaign it did good AI seems better then the first one and this game has also developed alot through out those years. And I think that this game is great but take my advice it is not worth it when you buy it when its not on sale this game is really overpriced because of Valve. So when you see a sale like the Holiday Sale, Christmas Sale or any other go ahead and buy this game for those you fans out there of COH2.Also one more thing if you want to play multiplayer on this you need a really strong PC otherwise you will get a ton of lag and your game is more likely to crash so do that and you will be able to enjoy your game 100%. Also when you are buying this game be sure to buy the proper DLC's and stuff because sometimes the DLC like Ardness Assault is damn overpriced so the thing that I highly recomend is the Campaign and the Multiplayer for now but not the DLC'S, because it is so damn overpriced."
,Recommended,231430,14454735,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Wolf,I love this game :P
,Recommended,231430,14455432,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,HeartBender,"This game is a great addition to the COH franchise, there is only one problem to it, and that is the DLC that is over-priced. But I find this game to be fun, even without the DLC. If you're a RTS lover, you will want this game."
,Recommended,231430,14455480,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Grenpea,Love this gamethe fog of war effect makes the mechanics of the gae very unique from the first one
76561198039724928,Recommended,231430,14455700,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,KnifeToFace,DLC simulator 2015
76561198132989833,Recommended,231430,14455990,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,bootsnuma,love everything about this game 10/10
76561198158214189,Recommended,231430,14446793,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Revolutionary,I would say to anyone who thought this game is bad to change their opinion and buyit its worth it
,Recommended,231430,14449546,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Nick,Great game to play with your friends :)
76561197960649046,Recommended,231430,14452472,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,pixies,"Fantastic game, would recommend for every gamer"
,Recommended,231430,7652216,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,[RCGS]Excal1bur,"One of my favorite RTS games of all time. I just can't begin to explain the detail given in game to make it not only historically (relatively) accurate, but also incredibly fun. A must buy for an RTS game player."
76561198004425736,Recommended,231430,13298354,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,^0HAIDES{^1/\^0},omg+3 lol
,Recommended,231430,14651390,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,The Dungeon Master,"It's a very good game with a few changes to the original. Do not listen to people who are saying this game is a DLC ♥♥♥♥♥, it isn't. You can play the game perfectly well and fine and still beat players with the western fronts armies or the new commanders with the 'vanila' game. This game is by far no where near pay to win and any one telling you so is a liar. Yes there are DLC which I agree are over priced and probably not worth it, But no one is pinning you down and forcing you to play it as you can get a bunch of maps or even creat your own with th steam work shop. Yes you can buy comanders and paint schemes for your vehicals but you don't have to and they are notgame breaking."
76561198014446707,Recommended,231430,14642296,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Wargeneral7000111,Good Game
,Recommended,231430,14649142,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Rook,"This is still my go-to game for RTS, as the re-playability is very high.  Different armies are played differently, have different strategies, of course.  So once you get good at one side, switch sides to learn a new army's way of life.  The learning curve is not too steep, but it is stiff enough that it will take a few battles to learn the best approaches and paths for your chosen army."
76561198120760122,Recommended,231430,14640833,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,jimmysassine,"Wonderfull Game, God bless you Guys (y) but we need more Tanks, Guns & Rockets.And a Discount :D"
,Recommended,231430,14280748,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,YGBHawk,"Very good game amazing graphics, hours of play plus workshop content."
,Recommended,231430,14291050,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,PhillyOffensive,"Honestly, one of the best RTS based games out there on the market right now. Relic did a very good job with the second relese as they did on the first one. Game runs smooth, and I enjoy the challenge. Game needs to be optamized a little better for increased FPS. Overall great game, would buy again."
76561197977580609,Recommended,231430,14294083,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Chief CrazyBull,"Fast paced RTS with the focus on action instead of simulation or historical correctness.The campaign is nice to play one time, but the multieplayer is what gives the game his charme.Its not really a different game then CoH,therefore some player wont like the lack of big game changes or updates in engine. For the fans CoH2 is a great game to play and buy,specially when its on sale!Nice fun game but don't expect a historical accurate ww2 rts game."
,Recommended,231430,14409160,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,CrazyD,"I write this with sadness, after hundreds of hours I spent with COH1 I waited with high hopes for COH2.1. Pay To Win - the best commanders are available for as little as 3.99 euros, mockery, if you do not buy this commanders you will not see in the game a KV2, T-34/85 or IS-2 tanks, only for those who paid...2. ZERO balance, people on forums cry a lot, that they cannot win easy plaing as Germany, which translates to continuous nerfs for the Allies, making situations, that when You search for game its 85% Axis and 15% alies looking for game...3. Germans can produce Panzer 4 or Panther Panzer, OKW can field King Tiger, while the best tank that you can produce when playing the Russians is T34-76 whitch is extremely weak, It cannot always penetrate REAR Panther armor from 10 meters away.Want to units that can fight with Panther? BUY commander who has better tanks.And still, even with those HUGE flaws and Relic/Saga greednes, is a FANTASTIC RTS game, my favorite WW2 game on steam.Its polished, voice acting is fantastic, the game just shine, You want to play it over and over again.Maybe they will wake up and somehow fix it... lets hope.But then, its WORST game then COH, its too simplified, P2W, blooby, unbalanced.At this point 7,5/10"
,Recommended,231430,14406570,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,AlienArchon,"1.Whether you've played CoH 1 or not, CoH 2 is a decent game. If you like RTS, WWII or wargames in general, then I suggest you get it on sale. As a diehard fan of the original CoH and it's add-ons, I knew I would eventually have to try this game. However, I do not think you should pay any more than I did--$25 with all Theater of War DLCs and the Western Front Army DLC (more on DLC in a moment)--as it has certain features that I don't think the devs worked on hard enough, if at all for that matter. As for the DLC, there are three types: Theater of War add-ons, commanders and camo skins.2.Now, I've seen ppl write up a negative review and claim that this game is ""pay to win"" because extra commanders are for sale, which is, quite frankly, complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it. There are no pay to win aspects that I've ever encountered--I win all the time without ever having purchased a single extra commander. You also don't need camo skins to win, but which are also purchasable. Commanders basically give you access to extra enhancements for your armies to use in dispatching your foes on the opposite side of the battlefield. There are many different kinds of these enhancments (some barely even qualifying for that definition), and if you've played CoH 1 then you have an idea what I'm talking about. If you haven't played CoH 1 I would firstly suggest that you do, that you leave this title alone for now and get the original Company of Heroes and its two add-ons, and then move on to this title after you have exhausted your funometer with the first.3.I believe that the devs should have given the option for players to use a Create-A-Commander type function, allowing players to create 3 commanders with enhancements of their own choosing. I am satisfied using the commanders that came with the game, and the few extras I have unlocked playing skirmish matches, but think that would have been a neat feature. Camos, like commanders, aren't neccesary to win, and they serve only cosmetic purposes. All four of the factions should have started with at least one type of their own camo IMO. The fact that you would need six camo skins to completely utilize camouflage for all vehicle types--light, medium and heavy--and for both types of maps--winter and non-winter--IS a cheesy move by the devs to make you buy their mini-DLCs. Theater of War DLCs are pretty neat--each basically adds a minimum of five ""scenario"" type missions--but I believe they should have been free updates to the game and not have to be bought; yet another cheesediick move by the devs.4.Four different factions can be played: The Wehrmacht (Germany), Oberkommando West OKW (also Germany), Soviet (Russia), and Western Front Armies (America). Each has its own style and combat functionality. Whatever faction you play, you generally start with a combat worker unit, and build your barracks, tank factory, etc. while maneuvering on the battlefield to capture points which give you an income of manpower, fuel and munitions, each of which are crucial to certain aspects of the game. Want tanks? You will need manpower and fuel. Want infantry? You will need manpower. Want lay mines and launch barrages? Then munitions are neccesary. If you want to see how it plays out I would recommend checking out YouTube play footage. It's a good RTS as long as you don't pay more than $25 for it."
76561198111937186,Recommended,231430,14407587,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Abnormaly,Best Worldwar Stragtegiegame of all time. Awesome grafiks and nice gameplay.
76561198006503747,Recommended,231430,14631904,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Selwgar,Good game!
,Recommended,231430,14633624,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,joe-courage,One of the best WW2 RTS games around today
,Recommended,231430,14662780,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Swaptrick,"I really enjoy the COH series and COH2 is no different. I'll say that I was a bit underwhelmed with the start of this game, but the action picks up and overall it's a solid title. I believe as with most COH fans I'm getting a bit weary of the European theater of war. I'd like the see a Pacific theater game, with U.S., Japan, Australia and China all making an appearance. I'm very pleased with the Ardene Assault DLC, however I would have preferred the US forces be unlocked for multiplayer once I bought it, as opposed to being a separate DLC purchase. Solid fun, good multiplayer. If you're a fan of the first COH, there's more to love here."
,Recommended,231430,14664772,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,I want to die,You like WW2? or just war in general (war in video games is ok tho)? If youre ok with buying some DLC's for low price then this is the best game of its Genre you can find on this Gaming Platform (with R.U.S.E.) Maybe a little bit old graphic but except for that it is much fun with friends to play with or just to play the pretty good campaign. And before i forget PANZERKAMPFWAGEN! :D
76561198006528661,Recommended,231430,14665027,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,skilledelephant,"Playing this game for years, love it!"
,Recommended,231430,240866,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Dr. Baron von Evil-Satan,"This is a pretty good game, and the Ardennes Assault expansion is also worth buying if you can get it on sale. All in all, I think a lot of people would really enjoy this game. I personally find some of the parts a bit difficult, and there is definitely a right way and a wrong way to play your units."
76561197982372485,Recommended,231430,14692794,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,silverblood75,A good WWII RTS. Lots of DLC.
76561198131445529,Recommended,231430,14681638,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,niloc2000,"just play custom skirmish vs AI, it's the most awesome thing ever."
,Recommended,231430,14681751,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Edgar the Truly Magnificent,Comrades! Comrade Stalin is needing you to get this game. So i would be considering doing as Comrade Stalin wants....or if you don't.........LONG LIVE COMRADE STALIN AND LONG LIVE COMMUNISIM!!!GG 11/10 would communist again - IGN
,Recommended,231430,412432,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,rheroux,Great RTS!
76561198006439655,Recommended,231430,13510529,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,[FOW]Campbell1004,"Campaign is a 5/10. The missions are boring and tedious and the story is horrible.Online is a solid 8/10. Be prepared to lose a lot though, as this game has something of a learning curve. Plus, there are players who are better than you out there. Try to maintain your cool and just stick with it. Save replays, watch what the winners build and practice what they do against computers.Solo/Co-op extra missions/challenges are a lot of fun and challenging. They are in a seperate category from online and campaign. Might be the strongest part of the game seeing as they get you right into the action without the story or set up or any of that nonsense.Still don't know why there isn't a Wehrmacht campaign. I know the Germans weren't the ""good guys,"" but I'm tired of playing as the winners. Let's get some unique storyline up in here."
76561198153230491,Recommended,231430,14672860,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,N|ce Sh☼T,awesome game
76561198029734327,Recommended,231430,14729721,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,MANOMOTH!!!!!,It is ok.
76561198075222245,Recommended,231430,14731493,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,[ABN] Skoaliosis,the game was fun. had more fun in coh1.
76561197994029827,Recommended,231430,18691175,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Supermario,Just buy it already
,Recommended,231430,18472404,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Baylze,"Company of Heroes 2: ""Definitely not the first installation.""OverviewCompany of Heroes 2 is the second installation of the ever popular Company of Heroes RTS series. The game offers superios graphics, animation, but perhaps not gameplay. There are new units, tanks, artillery and aircraft to explore along with new maps for you to fight it out on, but many gamers have displayed their distaste to this installation of the famous CoH.GameplayThe gameplay runs about as smooth as an RTS can. Constantly seen in the top 3 RTS' in terms of popularity, Company of Heroes has an intense reputation to live up to. We can't take away from it, the gameplay standards. Having a large scale battle in the middle of the battlefield with bullets, shells and artillery strobing the screen is simply satisfying to any gamer.Graphics & SoundThe graphics are incredible, as long as you can run the game on high or ultra. The same goes for the sound. The game allows for an ambient experience, and you will definitely know that you're controlling armies in the midst of war.Storyline/Campaign/MissionsThe campaign offers an enjoyable experience for any fan of RTS. The missions are satisfying, well produced, and genuinely give a sense of fulfillment to the player. The campaign is overall well designed, well narrated, and subtitles are available (which is always important!).ReplayabilityThe game offers a skirmish gamemode, which can be replayed as many times as you want. Play the game your way, and without a doubt, the game will have the upmost replayability.MultiplayerOf course, multiplayer battles are available if you wish. The matches vary from casual to competitive depending on your opponents, but without a doubt, the multiplayer is satisfying to play to all RTS fans.Game FeatureRating (/10)Gameplay7/10Graphics & Sound8/10Storyline/Campaign6/10Replayability7/10Multiplayer6/10Optimising (Options)9/10Overall7/10Additional NotesThe game is the second installation of the Company of Heroes franchise.Players believe that CoH1 is the stronger title in the series.The audio and graphics are nothing less than beautiful.The tutorial is up to a high standard for new RTS players.Thanks for reading,"
,Recommended,231430,18484577,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Blackout1943,SUCH♥♥♥♥♥♥GAM DEVELOPERS SUCKPATCH THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥♥♥S
76561197980102602,Recommended,231430,851397,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Orchirion,"My Russian friend laughed at the game cuz the accent was weird, he quotes: ""I'm from Russia so I speak this way"".  Anyway the game is harder with the blizzard effects, it's also kind of funny cuz I'm abusing the tank ram, trying to shoot 1 guy which resulted in friendly fire (the AT crew took out my T-34), and forgetting I'm on thin ice..."
76561198072627035,Recommended,231430,18514963,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,mason531,iTS good but idk how to get the russians or werchmant on this i bought every thing litary i did can someone help plz
76561198243439742,Recommended,231430,18515412,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Captain_FoxFire,"I have an Issue what the main screen, It's not a solid picture anymore I can see right thru it so that the flag in the background is visble which I dislike and wherever I go it's never solid its see thru now. How can I fix this?"
76561198043612335,Recommended,231430,16660780,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ArthurV,"This is by far the best balanced game ever made, while searching for a match you'll see 90% axis and 10% allies, but do not worry, that means nothing.10/10 would german again."
76561198045877398,Not Recommended,231430,18475342,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Cydeways,Money grab game. You buy US + west Nazis DLC for 10 € but you dont get the singleplayer....wtf
76561198055384154,Recommended,231430,18446585,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,WABBITS,sqwdqe
76561197976544574,Recommended,231430,18449835,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,adamo4428,"Great game, classic RTS"
76561197970466372,Recommended,231430,18464613,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,fmuke,Best game ever
76561198055742837,Recommended,231430,18458648,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,cin,You should release a version of North Africa campains.
,Recommended,231430,18781917,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,PrimusAvatar,OstwindNuff said
76561198062866415,Recommended,231430,18424766,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Crispedlist5,yes they are shooting at us comrade obvious-shock troops
,Recommended,231430,15307161,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Rudinski,"superb,this game teach me that history is awesome"
,Recommended,231430,15289433,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Percutor,This game nearly RUINED MY LIFE!
76561198060433751,Recommended,231430,15243946,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,xeen313,"If you played the original game and liked it you know what to expect. The games fun and challenging. I got all DLC's and expansion on a weekend sale. The expansion seems more fun but its even harder than the main game, maybe that's why I enjoy it. If your into playing others online its got that too. I've definately lost some hours on this thing!"
76561197977063549,Recommended,231430,15245558,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,@$$ M0nk3y,"Improvement on some of the mechanics of the first Company of Heroes game, but the vehicles still go AWOL from commands and the sound design is not as exciting as the previous game:Pros:+ Fixed many mechancis in the previous game, like being over to climb over walls/sandbags and being blind around corners until a unit actually has line of sight.+ Quirky mechanics for some maps, like being frozen to death in blizzards.+ Reasonably well balancedCons:- The sound in this game is not as terrifying and does not have the same impact as the sounds in the first CoH. For example, the MG42 is not as loud and the explosions do not sound as impactful.- Vehicles STILL do their own thing when commanded to go to a location."
76561198110199524,Recommended,231430,15246218,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Rafale_24,Good game!!!   I like it...
76561198072896749,Recommended,231430,15218539,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Fagmagnet,The best there is in this genre
76561197994457248,Recommended,231430,15186375,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,thReality,One of my favorite game
76561198150506703,Recommended,231430,15258150,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,[HBN] Lord Commissar Knight,very very fun
76561198053614922,Recommended,231430,15228974,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,shadow9413a1,Very good game but I prefer the original CoH.
76561198031704498,Recommended,231430,4078433,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,DappaDan95,This is one of my favorite games and most likely will be for some time. I recommend the WFA DLC for multiplayer maybe not the Ardennes Assult DLC unless on sale.
76561198047209120,Recommended,231430,15169499,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,LikeBlazeGaming,very cool game
76561198116117417,Recommended,231430,15971103,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Thedeafmonkey101,"CoH2 is great and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who enjoys RTS games especially one that is focused on WW2 and tactical strategies. I have already spent over 172 hours and have not regretted it. The developers are still updating and releasing new content for the game. There is even a massive community website calledcoh2.orgthat features alot of CoH2 videos, strategy guides, and news. I understand that there is alot of backlash against the dlcs and the pricing, honestly the opinions about the dlcs are based on personal preference. Because the majority of the dlcs affect mostly multiplayer and online play, this would concern those who enjoy playing online. But if you arent that kind of person then dont worry about the dlcs as they only enhance the multiplayer content except for Ardennes Assault. The way I see with dlcs is, only buy it if you are going to play it. Also, if you are unsure about CoH2, then the best way to buy this game would be during the massive steam sales. That way if you buy the game you wont regret it if you didnt like it. Overall CoH2 is amazing and it has a healthy community and developers that are still constantly releasing further expansions to enhance the game."
76561198064706998,Recommended,231430,16043874,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,papajewjake,"great game, i hope they continue to tune it and polish it. another expansion with brits and japan would be dope.also, if they release it on mac i have an army of friends who would play it."
76561198054339198,Recommended,231430,16054749,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,[OTnL]Grieves Amorl,"Blow things up, watch bullets and shells alike fly! Nothing bad about this one!"
76561198020471517,Recommended,231430,16055687,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Anglerfish,"Love it! After the updates, new armies, mods and maps it's almost as good as coh1. Highly recommended."
76561198100790942,Recommended,231430,16012668,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,..,GG
76561197997688249,Recommended,231430,15540944,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,cow hunter,it's like age of empires.5/5 would play again
76561198159369320,Recommended,231430,16137185,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,VassiliZaitsevBlin,An amazing story line in this game. It is one of the few games that actually made me tear up.Online mode is awesome! and its even better with all the mods in the workshop so i suggest trying some of those out!
76561198172345887,Recommended,231430,16480884,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,wedhanta1999,nice game
,Recommended,231430,16481812,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Conqueror,"One of the most in-depth strategy games to date, the sheer versatility of what you can do tactically is breathtaking."
76561198066697391,Recommended,231430,16484993,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ductapeme,Neat
76561198039726046,Recommended,231430,16486918,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Burnt Toast,This game is awesome for anyone who likes either WWII or RTS games.
,Recommended,231430,16490532,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,exTerEX,"Love this game. Have many of the DLC's and the game itselves. I need to say that I love the game alone, and the DLC's just add an ekstra fun to what is already there. Love the AI, graphics and how the game run on windows 8.1.  But if you can, wait untill the game is on sale before you buy."
,Recommended,231430,16490821,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,CCCCCCCCC,Best RTS with DLCs
,Recommended,231430,16506916,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Res1s7,"Few games have ever had me wondering, in quite the same way as this game, what it was really like to be in one of those old Second World War films taken at the time on the front line. Few games have me starting to imagine myself going down a snowy street in Bastogne and actually starting to feel the cold ! It's usually a novel that does that kind of thing for me. Jump over all the nit picking (yes, there is a jump walls and sand bags command). Ignore the whining and notice how vehicle crews can get out of their vehicles and rapair them, as well as take sectors. Units in vehicles can fire from within the vehicle. There are many other little details, like Russian troops having to huddle around, rather enderaingly I might add, fires so they can keep warm in blizzards. This all goes to make something that is another impressive achievement for Relic if you ask me. There are some lovely model designs in there, soldier designs are very good as well with the Thompson looking good pulled in tight against the shoulder. There are a few problems. There is the ""DX11 effect"" as I'm calling it. I won't go into conspiracies about marketting here (but notice the ""plays best on Alienware""). Suffice to say  the player is going to have to spend some serious time taking a methodical approach to tuning the game for their system. Look for guides about ""configuration_system.lua"" and remember IT WILL BE WORTH IT to get this game running as best as you can. Find a balance between framerate and visual quality. For example I turned off physics completely as well as snow (footprints), textures high, world to medium. Anyway there are plenty of guides out there. Just don't get sucked in by the DX11 hype and you'll be OK.So the final verdict ? Basically I've never seen such unusually involving action in any video game except CoH1, apart from possibly when I first encountered arcade games in the 1980's for the first time. There's that true sense of excitement and somthing special going on. Well done Relic !"
,Recommended,231430,16508455,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,JangofettAlex,very got
76561198067920052,Recommended,231430,10946342,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SgtSnyder88,"Paid for a game that doesn't work, brilliantEDIT:So, time to eat some crow.The issue was very much on my end, turns out my device drivers were out of date.Now that I've got the game working I will update when I have some time logged."
,Recommended,231430,16502199,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Caboose,Its come a LONG way from when it was first released and they have not disappointed me with my Preorder even through that appears to be the norm for AAA game companies lately. Multiplayer is GREAT and the Campaigns are kept fresh by continued development from the DEV. Though this was a buy at discount I would not recommend it at any full price.
,Recommended,231430,8199758,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,mynameisderick,"Great Game, very different from the first one, GET NOW STEAM SALE 50% OFF!"
,Recommended,231430,8201225,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Wirrel,Enjoying the single player campaign so far.  Different enough from the first one to have new strategies but close enough to have the same feel to it.
76561198015068141,Recommended,231430,9334425,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Emilus,<3
76561198059675737,Recommended,231430,9334568,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,andysundra,Great game really fun to play. If you liked the first companny of heroes than you will really like the second one
76561197992333627,Recommended,231430,1373935,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Maisteri,Good game!
76561198037923458,Recommended,231430,9990601,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,R1ChB4$t3rD,"One of the best RTS games I have played, good story line, and the armored warfare makes all the difference!"
,Recommended,231430,9992726,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,nukehead,its So AWESOME
76561198016078445,Recommended,231430,9992954,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Bonicus,good game lots of improvements from the 1st CoH
,Recommended,231430,8514753,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,JosephA,I want this epic game. I own the 1st CoH 1 set.
76561197997735904,Recommended,231430,8437301,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Slave|cz|ek,Best strategy game.
76561198006640003,Recommended,231430,8437570,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Doc_Mortis,Getting the AI balance right for a cood comp stomp is essential for many many hours of fun.A tough but but long lasting game that you will be playing for many years to come.My friends and I come back to COH2 time and time again when we have had enough of all the newer games out there.
76561197961777374,Recommended,231430,8437676,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,PatrikPetrix,i give this game 8.75/10
76561198099629768,Recommended,231430,8461762,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Big Dan,one of the best RTS games i ever played and is the most played game i own and enjoy.
76561198034906514,Recommended,231430,8464453,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Mr. Stacks,"Beyond amazing....You can now make,share, and download other maps to play on...they have wake island!!!!!!! The gameplay is amazing idk why this got a few bad reviews its honestly one of the best games i have ever played."
,Recommended,231430,8469389,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,INFO WARS,yes it nice :)
,Recommended,231430,4749409,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Bradley,♥♥♥♥ing sick game
76561198013099635,Recommended,231430,8469618,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Xthreeo,I fapped to this game once.It's ok5/10
76561198005978911,Recommended,231430,8470839,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Stormbringer,"what can I say but ""I love this game"" 87.4 hours and beyond."
,Recommended,231430,8471701,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Infirn0,"My score 91/100What a quality expansion for the game that everyone loved, but nobody could play together. Company of Heroes 1 was plagued with lag and connection issues. Sure, some people that had SLI and Dual Core (at the time was amazing) processors. For a kid in High School or a first/second year College... you LAGGED and that is all you will remember. Onto CoH2.Company of Heroes 2 managed to find a balance of graphics, gameplay, and gamestyle.The graphics are amazingly smooth, but in comparison to CoH, the level of detail you expected to be there just isn't there. However, there is no way in hell I could dock review points for that. The speed of the gameplay is AMAZING. I play on a horrible Wireless N card, with a mid-high end gaming machine. I let the game auto-detect my settings and was easily 40+ FPS all game long.It's an RTS and if you have played Company of Heroes 1 you will integrate quickly. Click-drag-select, Double-click-unittype, Ctrl+1... all of your hotkeys are ready to go out of the box. Full control over camera angle, height, distance, etc.This gametype is almost in its own class, however it is done in a similar way in other games. It doesn't really matter what mode you do in the game, capturing points is how you win. The more income you have, the more units you can create, the quicker you level up, the quicker you win. Placing detail in combat will turn the battle around in an instant. Taking the time to move you group of Engineers/Pioneers away from open fire and behind the proper side of a sand bag wall is beyond $.That doesn't even mention leveling up a persistant account (every time you play a game you will get exp) and all of the Commander customizations you can do in this game. Only worth going into detail if you plan to play the game, which is something I highly recommend you do. Worth every penny spent.My score 91/100"
,Recommended,231430,19324970,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Torden,"I've played a lot of this game. To put it simple the community is what makes this game, make sure to use and support the workshop. All my favorite maps are used created, my favorite win condition is user created, skin, victory drop and I can keep going too. It's not a very hard game to play, just have to take a little consideration into what you're doing. Make sure the crews are pointed the right way, make sure to use reverse command so you tank doesn't show it's rear to a pak 40 etc. While it's not hard to play, it's pretty open ended in how well you can master it. You can make your builds as simple or as complicated as you want. The right unit, in the right place, at the right time can make a huge difference. I've won games I thought I was going to lose by a well placed field gun or commander strike. I can't say much about the campaign, I got 4 missions in before I thought it was cheesy listening to your ""character"" whine about everything the soviet command decides to do. Anyway, if you like WW2 and RTS games you should buy this. Also as far as DLC Western Front Armies and The British Forces are the only two necessary dlc. They both give you armies for multiplayer."
,Recommended,231430,19306908,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,$piru*,"Spiritual successor to Coh, good game"
76561198256534391,Recommended,231430,19333870,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Hal2425,Very good and fun RTS
76561197979931292,Recommended,231430,19386812,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Vuolle,hyvä
76561197970525632,Recommended,231430,19380260,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Max Payne,Great game. Recommend to everybody who likes strategy games.Little anoying with expensive DLCs but thanks god we have steam sale :)
76561198007885746,Recommended,231430,18531784,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Joseph Bailey,"GAME IS GREAT. GET ON SALE THOUGH, BECAUSE OF THE DLC GREED.My score: 7.9/10 -This is more of a 50-50 opinion about this game. I don't want to recommend it, but I also do. The reason why I'm having problems with this game is because of all this pathetic money grabbing DLC. The game in general is good,really good, and one of the best RTS games around. Its extremly addicting and well made. Sounds, battles, you name it, you just want more, in fact the game is pretty good that you wanna see if theres more DLC....Oh yeah...theres more...But this is where you want to puke.This is where I get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. You start off with the Russian campaign which is great, and for multiplayer you get to play as the Russians or the East front Germans. Thats it, there nothing else, no other factions. You want more...well...FU YOU GIVE ME MONEY, and not just like 5 to 10 bucks DLC im talking about 15+ dollars. For♥♥♥♥♥♥sakes the US campaign alone cost 43 F$%&ING DOLLARS. Thats a whole new other game., which at first thought was 5 bucks but that was some little FOX COMPANY ADD ON. 5 BUCKS FOR THAT???!?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME? I already spent 50 DAMN BUCKS ON THE FULL GAME ITSELF. They are asking 43 more dollars for the US campaign. Thats robbery at its best.After seeing that, I decided to take a look at the whole list of DLC and theres WAY TOO MUCH.Its actually an overload of dlc, this friggin game is all dlc. It makes me want to puke. I would be kinda okay if they were 5 bucks or something,they all cost over 15+ plus that ardienne assault US campaign which is the 43 bucks I'm talking about.FOR CHRIST SAKES, make a damn Canadian faction or something along the lines, I'm tired of all this American ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t proaganda the Canadians were the hard hitters of the allied forces. The superior troops and infantry. It's an insult that this country doesn't get credit for anything. They took the most HEAVY defended fronts and took them faster than the British or the Americans. They liberated most of the Nertherlands, they did most of the work in italy. Give this country a place in this game, it would be great. You could also include the Italian forces. For pete sakes don't over price your dlc like it is now."
,Recommended,231430,16969161,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Gunn4r!,"The AI in this game is just stupidly difficult.That said, multiplayer can be really fun."
,Recommended,231430,20734366,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Glazier Squirrel,Would beat jerry back to berlin again 10/10
76561198133495922,Recommended,231430,16607561,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,water sucks gatorade is better,very fun
76561198135477009,Recommended,231430,16609002,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,TheSage141,"A fun rts that allows you to enjoy your spare time. Workshop support expands the lifetime of the game greatly, and of course, intense multiplayer matches. Get it when it's on sale."
76561198010001680,Recommended,231430,16611188,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Tomo,i liked everything about this game
76561198073118036,Recommended,231430,16613159,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SAVAGE! BEAST,"One of the best games of all time. Takes a little while to get the hang of it, but once you do, the battles are absolutely epic.  Excellent replay value too, as there's always something you haven't tried yet."
76561198120223987,Recommended,231430,16641656,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,GosuCro,ok
76561198092201469,Recommended,231430,15760163,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,general phoenix,"very fun game, i've played many rts games and this is one of my favorite. totally worth the $40.00."
76561198030486077,Recommended,231430,15761086,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Timerunner,The grandchild of a great game series which i do recommend playing if u want some gorey and bloody strategy gameplay
,Recommended,231430,7089735,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,Sephiroth,Nobody's ever loved anybody as much as I love COH!
,Recommended,231430,15946587,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,✫ Private Jackson ✫,i will tell you how good this game is... i bought a gaming desktop because of this game.
76561198118906849,Recommended,231430,16810861,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,jamesjelley,waaay too dam expensive :/
76561198018197011,Recommended,231430,16815897,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,WiCKED,loved the came and im starting to be like an addiction :)
76561198061292669,Recommended,231430,16816136,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,CntoCa,"This is the perfect game for me. The play style, music, game backgroud ,everything matches what I want. It is a game about the war in the past, I play the game for fun, but it makes me thinking about the cruelty of the war. This game is the best in stategy games for me  these years. I'm 100% recommend company of heroes 2 to other players."
76561197987891874,Recommended,231430,12811122,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Stanesco,"Amazing game! It's not a ""simulator"" rts. It's an arcade game but with a lot of elements to master; such as flanking, positioning, taking cover, managing your resources, cutting enemies source of supplies (Capturing territories) making the right build with the right commander, deciding what commander to get while observing your opponent's tactics, etc, etc, etc. It may looks unbalanced at the beginning but that's the consequence of having such distinct factions. My tip for people having problems with balance is to play the Skirmish mode against AI. Start at easy and go further when you feel you're getting good. It may be frustrating at the beginning because you need to multi task a lot against the spamming AI. But it's very addictive too. Beautiful graphics, nice physics(with some glitches, but nothing critical), beautiful soundtrack. My favorite RTS game! Hope you enjoy it."
,Recommended,231430,16827640,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Veridis Quo,best RTS for world war 2!!Gott mit uns!!!!
,Recommended,231430,16424046,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,babbloo patta futbaaal,"After playing 200 hours I feel like i ll play more,may b 500 hours more just played with soviets yet with no dlc no commanders anything.10/10"
76561198012336820,Recommended,231430,16426609,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Mortii,Just like an good ww2 movie 10/10I will buy in all expansions later.
,Recommended,231430,16426788,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Thortawar,An epic World War 2 stategy game.
76561198112475944,Recommended,231430,16427416,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Captain,Good
76561198073231965,Recommended,231430,16900667,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Mishka,"Great game but the addition of custom skins/camo/decals/borders is seriously damaging online match making,    Some skins take longer to dl then maps...many people have to dl 5-6 items per lobby, 8 players in a lobby, some using 4 different workshop camos +the other crap.......this needs to be addressed somehow."
76561198184949663,Recommended,231430,16902561,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,KoolAIDS,russains killing nazis 11/10
76561198025186200,Recommended,231430,16906020,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,rubens89,"the secuela of one of the greatest RTS of all the time, need more details in the ranked matches but still working very good"
76561198233460060,Recommended,231430,16875181,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,captain gg man,.
,Recommended,231430,4102018,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,SaNgGoLd,
76561198063287594,Recommended,231430,16788183,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Spastastic,"Fantastic game with great visuals and gameplay, would recommend to any strategy game fan. The game includes a good mixture of strategic planning and realistic combat and has very good multiplayer capabilities"
76561198096596752,Recommended,231430,16800178,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Sherman6299,One of the best RTS I've played.
76561198055346626,Recommended,231430,9936088,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,stormpioneers,"finally,M4C can be used"
76561198065728125,Recommended,231430,6411852,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,[D-COY] jdare99,great game!
76561198036881631,Recommended,231430,9228809,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,ssc Napoli,best game
76561198062152376,Recommended,231430,9234723,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Antonio De Stark,"An amazing game, must buy for RTS fans"
,Recommended,231430,228153,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,VirtualBoost,"A fun RTS, but don't bother if you don't like DLC, because this game got tons of it. Commanders, Faceplates, Skins, Theater of War... you name it."
,Recommended,231430,8274640,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Gh0steye,I like the game a lot. To play against the CPU it's not so interesting but to play against friends it's a lot of fun. With the winter you have a lot of options to influence the battle. When tanks break through the ice of a lake its very funny even if its your own tank. :-) And for 18 Euro now in Winter Sale its cheap.
76561198065423097,Recommended,231430,8936779,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,fight the facists!,awesome
,Recommended,231430,8949048,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,TESSERACT,"one of the best games i have ever played, multiplayer and theater of war are amazing, however the story lacks depth although it does make a great tutioral to a variety of tactics and strategies"
,Recommended,231430,5208883,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,boredsox3838,good as ♥♥♥♥
76561198000634850,Recommended,231430,1987317,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Event Horizon,For the Empire!
76561198016480530,Recommended,231430,3044869,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,XsX,Good strat game.   Could use a few more maps and more upgrade possibilities.
76561198007438469,Recommended,231430,10265990,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,DarbysRangers,"This version has helped get rid of the arcadish type style of gaming from the first one. There is no perfect offense or defense, but requires a combination of both to succeed. Great job and can't wait for the updates."
,Recommended,231430,659107,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,TimeKilla,"Well worth the money, If your a fan of CoH game style then this game is unmissable! I was not to sure about it at first  and thought about waiting for a sale but have to say am glad to have got it and was worth it."
,Recommended,231430,15755387,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Sinisterspud666,A very good tactical game
76561197966404823,Recommended,231430,15858160,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,OxonianUK,Lots of explosions 10/10
,Recommended,231430,15865200,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,SavagexXxNuke,"best game I've ever played on PC! Would rather it came with all the dlc's instead of buying them seperate but meh, that's the way games are heading these days. Still bought them and they made my experience that much better. Good job boys keep it up!"
76561198016541573,Recommended,231430,15865567,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Skydlas,well whoever like some history and play games then you gona this like company of heroes 2 game
,Recommended,231430,2311907,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,버버리,난좋음 컴퍼니오브히어로즈1 해봤는대 2가 더그래픽도 좋고 함 더재밌음 고로난추천임 그냥 팀잘만나면 재밋게이기고 팀못만나면 빡치게짐; 한글패치만나와라 제발 ;;ㅠㅠㅠ
76561198002007048,Recommended,231430,15283240,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Cat C0mmand3r,"There are some random glitches I have experienced with this 2 CoH but it still reminds me of the first and it is as dynamic as the first.  I think with some patches and updates though, there can be a means to make it better.  I dislike having to buy commanders though.  The battles are epic and I am glad they show the Soviet front.  I recommend getting on a sale though or when the price is lowered."
76561198002190822,Recommended,231430,9423895,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,gfullerton,Love this game.  Much better than original COH.  Having access to mods on steam workshop is a bonus.
76561198054771460,Recommended,231430,15648357,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Darth Moxy,9/10Avid follower of COH and what Relic originally did.Still this game is brilliant for WW2 RTS gameplay and never gets old.the 1 point taken for no heavy tanks in US side
,Recommended,231430,15639451,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,mikecress,"If you liked/love Company of Heroes 1 you will love this one. This one is 10 times better. The commander abilities, the tactics, vehicle skins, all of the unlocks, just everything about this game is better and more fun. The graphics are pretty darn good to. Beware, this game is addicting."
76561197999369106,Recommended,231430,15396677,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,{|WG|}BosSkaggs,"Big fan!! love the whole franchise, and yes the Germans are OP cause there were in real life, read your history!! The game is challenging to the point i wanna pull my hair out but i love it, the workshoped stuff is fantastic and the DLC is great. its a bit challenging choosing just one commander  and the perks, but thats why i love it, its not easy and its not hard and there is tons of replay. TWO THUMBS UP"
76561198055096329,Recommended,231430,15397059,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,xXRyanthebeastXx,great game love it
,Recommended,231430,7582126,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Thornton,"Eh, it's not CoH1."
76561198085920304,Recommended,231430,12269961,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,SpartanAlpha13,This game is incredibly realistic and definitely a worthwhile buy.  It has unit cohesion as well as an accurate damage and health point system based on the weapons and historical reliability of a unit.  A must have game for any RTS gamer out there.
,Recommended,231430,12270724,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,MrSte@mfist,Love this game and balance is being updated all the time.  Fun micro rts that has a good macro too.
76561198117215481,Recommended,231430,12331104,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,jomagr,love it great game if you like rts games
,Recommended,231430,12331388,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,TehSEAL,If only this game had female genitalia.
76561198034464491,Recommended,231430,12332513,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,stevo88494,One of the greatest RtS games.........ever
,Recommended,231430,12354513,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Alt-Right,"Roses are red, and violetes are blue and my♥♥♥♥♥♥is hard."
76561198255646738,Recommended,231430,30487397,Posted: 13 March,all,Ruan Viljoen,GET THIS GAME!!!!I waited for a deal and it was on deal for all dlc(exept british forces)and only $219 and that was a SCORE!!!Wait for winter deals and get this for this deal!!!it even have company of heroes1 and ALL dlc!!!!!still a good game multiplayer LAN or ONLINE.i rate 1000000/10!!!!!i live in South Africa so it cost R219.i dont know in america or russia or any other country.
76561198080425878,Recommended,231430,11226023,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Frost The Wanderer,"Company of Heroes 2 is a very unique game. The gameplay can vary from realitively easy to very challenging. How you approach a scenario can lead to either victory in a match or a compelete failure. The game allows infantry units to use a cover system. This ranges from light cover to heavy cover. If your guys are in heavy cover and your enemies are in no cover, you're more likely to win that engagement. You can also loot enemy bodies for special weapons they may of had, such as Flamethrowers, Bazookas, LMGs, etc. This can affect your units combat ablities in many ways. LMGs and HMGs (Light Machine Guns and Heavy Machine Guns) allow you to suppress your enemies forcing them to be pinned down where they are vunerable to Artillery or flanking. Heavier weapons like cannons such as Howtizers can be hijacked by killing their crews. Same goes for vehicles, although it's less likely they'll survive if you're using Bazookas. There is also a weather system in the game that can effect unit movement. Mud and deep snow will slow your units. Blizzards and deep snow may cause your units to freeze and possibly take casulties. The game is very rewarding and fun. I would recommend it for people who want a realistic strategy game. Not to mention the Campaign and Theater of War stories are interesting as well."
76561198063531000,Recommended,231430,12321162,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Hunter117,"Love this game, lots of improvments from the previous COH, awesome soundtrack, and I personally like the storyline."
76561198155979384,Recommended,231430,12321305,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Jeansterxxx,awesome game...................................
76561198004348623,Recommended,231430,12112717,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Commissar Wallace,"As the sequel to one of the best strategy games of all time, this installment certainly merits a look. The game, as expected, is well fleshed-out, superbly animated and in general covers all the same bases as the original. The graphics are top-notch too, and the general level of work that has gone into the title is impressive.However, a few notes should be had. The game certainly has a few flaws- Massive Graphical Demand - I have a pretty beefy machine and this game forces me to run it on medium graphics, where it looks about as good as the original, and still has frame drops- Balance - There are clearly a few strategies that work far better than others, and the meta is ridiculous- Realism vs Gameyness - While all the units are certainly realistic, massively changing how units function, such as the tank-hunting StuG III assault gun, just to fit how the faction's roster should look is somewhat irritating. In a war where massive varieties of weapons abounded, surely they could just use a different one?- Somewhat limited rosters - The unit selection is fine for an RTS, but the WW2 theme practically begs for more units in each nation's rosterIn these points don't break the game for you, just buy it. Its worth it."
76561198058359848,Recommended,231430,12112882,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,whittlenoelb,JUST PURE AWSOME!!!!
76561198029033220,Recommended,231430,12087863,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,El Big Papi,"If your a strategist, this is you game!"
76561197969857085,Recommended,231430,370876,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,-GOON-,"Awesome experience, RTS squad based strategy at its best. Very deep, challenging, and 100's of ways to play the game."
76561198012860192,Recommended,231430,12093262,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,shize_bigman,gg
76561198015661946,Recommended,231430,12210362,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Money,One of the best RTS ever made only complaint I have is I wish there was more game types on top of annhilation and victory points maybe like keep a vip alive or something to make it more interesting.
,Recommended,231430,12240233,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Whiskey,"While it lacks the feel and pace of the original, this is still a fantastic WW2 RTS."
,Recommended,231430,12243352,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,VanquisherD,"Fun, but Axis is imbalanced at the lower to mid tier levels making the game frustrating for some. Even in the losses this game is a lot of fun (with friends or solo :D)"
,Recommended,231430,12243887,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Ninjafish1990,"Great game, few bugs but over lots of fun"
76561198014324952,Recommended,231430,15148697,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,killercamaro,love this game! wish they went to a different era though like veitnam or somthing modern
76561198013653904,Recommended,231430,15149658,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,shwb01,great game
76561197999118084,Recommended,231430,15149992,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Akando,I am totally addicted to this Game.  Love that you can set up quick battles to the degree of difficulty you feel like playing at the time. With well over 1000hrs on record that has to say something. Campaigns are worth the purchase alone.
,Recommended,231430,2438990,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Conroy,It will make you moist.
,Recommended,231430,15046247,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,DΞΔN,The best game
,Recommended,231430,15104959,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Kommissar_REX,"WW2 is no longer black and white,One of the best RTS games I have played, great follow up from COH, so put on your boots and grab your rifle.Few issues with unbalanced units, other than that runs smooth as a whistle."
,Recommended,231430,15107259,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,RocketTomato,i played dis g4Me wH3N itst 201212/10
76561198012794158,Recommended,231430,15320425,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Firestar1212,"good game, but sadly major issues keep it from being great:  the huge lag issues when playing multi player is almost as bad as a Russin Winter, the randomness of War spoils is a pain, but bearable nowpeople whine over dlc? well where have these people been the last 10 years, not playing games?  thats how it rolls now -_-as said above good game, but who knows, maybe one day, Sega and Relic will worry less about dlc and more about the main game"
,Recommended,231430,15325577,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,SchlampGutnberg,Really great WWII RTS. I like the the diffferent Commanders you can unlock and use their different skills in combat. A lot of improvement from the last one. 10/10
,Recommended,231430,15011154,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Big Daddy,This is one of the best RTS's out there no doubt you just have to buy it if u are an RTS fan!
76561197966734738,Recommended,231430,7605297,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,J-Bone,Best Strategy series of all time. RTS
76561198160381305,Recommended,231430,15087845,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,-Abandoned Acc-,Best game ever with graphic and epic story. I bought this game COH 2 all sets until ardennes assault and copied another to gift to my little brothes!Recommended.
76561198088418229,Recommended,231430,15088449,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Desert Fox,"very realistic ww2 rts game, thats by every update coming closer to coh1 gameplay."
76561198012598739,Recommended,231430,15089133,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Achilles,"9/10. The game is just awesome, but it needs to be optimised for players. FPS frops ruins the gameplay even when playing on systems that reach the minimum system requirements."
,Recommended,231430,3160966,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Volundark,A Huge Disapointment Compared to The first game... DO NOT BUY!
,Recommended,231430,15070129,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,uNsanE_,"Most realistic war RTS so far IMOExcellent graphic, total chaos!"
76561198021867003,Recommended,231430,15025523,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Great_General,"Great game, recommend!"
76561198006763242,Recommended,231430,12528056,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,bigben0,one of the best RTS games ever made. The fan base is on point. Every game will be a fun one.
76561198005398840,Recommended,231430,2300098,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Garvel10,"На мой сугубо личный взгляд, Company of Heroes 2 является весьма хорошей игрой в жанре RTS.  Игра является достойным продолжателем традиций  оригинальной CoH, DoW и DoW 2.В CoH 2 приятно играть как с друзьями, так и одному. А периодически выходящие DLC вносят в игру разнообразие и еще больше интереса.Однозначно рекомедую всем!"
76561198007339991,Recommended,231430,12528713,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Dimwit [WN] / AlJabberwock,"Originally a bit rough on release, the game is now well enough balanced and less clicky-fest than originally.  Still a fan of the original, we have a lot of fun with this one at the house with 4 players and love all the easily incorporated maps from the Workshop, which is where Steam and Relic make the feature come into its own.  Newer versions including western armies, are here and on the way, and making it a great platform with a lot of interesting and well rendered features.  A resource hog and with a slightly annoying tendency to give tiny tiny incremental gains to level-gainers, it is a good -initial- step towards the hopefully more refined idea of persistent environments that the Ardennes release will provide.Good work, keep moving forward towards persistent campaign environments and consequences Relic!  Buyers, your machine needs some power to play this well, but more modern machines should have little problem if you have a decent video card."
,Recommended,231430,12530268,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,nN|MrLanc3,Nice game. Grafics is amazing for Strategy games! And game with friends :/ . Wanna say one : Good Job
76561198091280565,Recommended,231430,12530876,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,DeathByZombie,If you love ww2 and blowing things up buy this game :)
,Recommended,231430,12531894,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,King Hades,"Haven't played it, but it's cool."
,Recommended,231430,12533653,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,DemonDJ (The Oracle),"Fun to play, a worthwhile improvement over the first game"
76561198070510168,Recommended,231430,12707458,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,TiberiumWars,Shelled my enemys for 20 mins artillery promoted 3 times other enemys where out of range needed to blow up the artillery with friendly engineers so i could move it10/10
76561197976450194,Recommended,231430,12696951,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,VJ,"Company of Heroes 2 is to me not as amazing as the previous Company of Heroes but it's still a very enjoyable game, it still feels very much like the first, with only a few new features and some that are removed.+ I love the awesome blizzards and how you can break the ice under enemy tanks, and that you can finally play as the Soviets!- I miss upgrading my tanks with various equipment, and the combat-tactics (where you previously picked one of three possible tactics. ) is replaced with various commanders you can shoose and edit slightly that does the same things, just a little bit less efficient.. in my oppinion..Also this game includes very obvious anti-soviet propaganda wich i think is ridicolous and very annoying."
,Recommended,231430,12698550,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Shotgun Gypsy,Meh.
,Recommended,231430,14056696,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,N20_RJ,GREAT !!!!  :  8.6 / 10
,Recommended,231430,14057332,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Starliter,"Same as the first part, this game proves an absolute classic among real-time strategy.Positive:Focusing not so much on tank-rushs but rather finely tuned gameplay on tactical level and micromanagement of each unit.Negative:Zoom-Level is quite close, which provides no good battlefield overview but rather detailed perspective, so dont lose your head in fierce combat."
76561198156764799,Recommended,231430,14061725,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Starkinator666,What's up witht the blue boxes around everything during gameplay??
76561198138225720,Recommended,231430,14054235,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Black The Ripper,An outstanding game that pairs WWII with methodicly detailed graphics and a unique gameplay experiance anyone who enjoys WWII and RTS games needs to buy this
,Recommended,231430,13815063,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,WurrGames,"Good, though not as engrossing as the original."
,Recommended,231430,13825262,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,AL-KABAB,"1. Playing multiplayer and having fun.2.Comes the german tank Tiger pzkpfw VI and wipes out my army, my defenses and almost my base.3. Got some lucky shots to immobilize the tank by killing its crew.4. Made some minor repairs and placed units inside to drive it.5. Hauled it back to base from dangerous grounds (it fled when it reached critical health)6. Made full repairs and escorted the beast with handymen, rifleman, aircraft bombers and everything i had.7. my team wins the game and my german tank has a highscore of 74 kills.The German tank is not OP alone, its a slow moving and rotating tank yet it holds a very powerful kick and it has strong armor, what made the big impact is the fact that my units did complement the slow tank very well.The single player game is amazing aswell, it has a really good story and alot of fun missions.Highly recommending buying this game, its worth every penny."
76561198199255828,Recommended,231430,13825717,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Spoons,Loved the game
76561198019963444,Recommended,231430,13826598,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,[Sneak].Eques,"Pre-ordered this game, and so far im still loving it. True, the war spoils system is a bit of a hassle to get around, but playing just for fun is good enough. The storyline is a bit underwhelming compared to COH1, but it still was worth the first playthrough.  Online play is fun, and the western front armies expansion throws in even more meta into the mix.Nonetheless, it is a real successor to COH1."
,Recommended,231430,14064556,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Nix,"So you've seen people play MLG Starcraft, right? They move around the map at mach 20 and are able to micromanage their entire military on the fly, down to each individual unit, right?If you can't do that in CoH2, you're done for; this game is like micromanagement: the game, but I love it so, for it's sound design, harrowing battles, and victories JUST BARELY won after some lucky happenstance."
,Recommended,231430,14066650,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Gustav Hernandez,<3
76561198058717239,Recommended,231430,13992017,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Magnus_The_Red,"Deployed German troops in snow covered village. Advanced towards the enemy, half my army got caught in a blizzard, the other half got zerg rushed by tanks. 10/10 Would invade Russia again."
76561198054546150,Recommended,231430,13996687,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,JohnBukit,"Probably the best RTS I've ever played. The depth of the tactics to be employed are amazing, as well as the variety of weapons and units. Highly recommended."
76561197981583119,Recommended,231430,13884265,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,JG14_Jagr,"Its a game..  graphics are great.  Ballistics, armor and any sort of relationahip with reality are not even close..  its point based so in order to kill a Sherman a Tiger's 88 must hit it several times.  Shermans guns can kill a Tiger with several shots even in areas where the 75mm would not penetrate.  If they had these graphics and the realistic performance of Combat Mission it would be an amazing experience.It can still be fun, but you will have very frustrating things happen that ruin the experience if you are looking for a simulation"
76561198015605005,Recommended,231430,13884603,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Crazyrusdogy,"I love this game. I was a big CoH fan and was waiting for a while to start this one. This game is not really a wallet trap, if you don't want more content, don't pay for it. Simple as that! On the other hand, the game itself has probably the best RTS engine to date. Didn't have any technical issues so far. Only wish that AI would be even smarter/tougher on the highest levels."
76561198041060766,Recommended,231430,13846438,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,The Flying Architect,"Personally I enjoy every moment of game play in this game, I run a modest rig and the game runs very well. That being said I agree with the majority of the negatie rmarks regarding the sheer amount of DLC's that there are for this game. Like others i feel i did not buy a full game when i bought the base game. That aside This game is delightfully difficult and should prove to be a worthy investment for people who are into strategy games. i reccomend this 100%"
76561198018183748,Recommended,231430,13849838,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Spadge,"Not speaking for Ardennes assault, as I've not played it.There are two main gripes that I've got with COH2. Firstly, Balancing between sides is questionable at best. Not so much with the DLC factions, but the Soviet side is monumentally underpowered. I understand that it's historically accurate, but when Germany is capable of fielding murderous amounts of metal behemoths that seem to be able to plough through pretty much whatever's in their way, and you're left with a group of dirty cold Soviet peasants wielding an AT grenade that can just about stop a three wheeled FIAT punto, it gets somewhat frustrating. It also doesn't help that certain weird choices were made regarding limiting the use of the T34/85, in making it not available to be built regularly, and instead it must be summoned by an arcane ritual involving proving your worth in command points. This leaves the Soviets with absolutely sod all effective counters to armour (Barring a select few commander abilities).Secondly, as everybody else has pointed out, DLC. I've got no problems with different camouflage skins for vehicles, or different coloured nameplates or paying for expansion maps or the like, but where it starts to get effing stupid is in the commanders. There are enormous balancing issues, such as the Tiger ace, a tank that destroying feels like trying to use a plastic spoon to bring down the Titanic. This means that multiplayer is essentially out of bounds without buying a couple of DLC commanders at the very least.Singleplayer and skirmish don't suffer as badly from the aforementioned issues, as variable difficulty can mean a slightly easier ride, but multiplayer has got a lot of flaws."
,Recommended,231430,14090604,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Don't_Drop_The_Cheese,"Wow, another review, and its positive, this game must be popular then. Not many bugs and enough custom maps to keep you playing for hours. But don't just listen to me, listen to other people who have positive reviews, because nothing on here is a lie."
,Recommended,231430,14091373,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,JERKSON,The game is great ive had 3 laptops and only 1 can run it but it is an amazing game great physics.
,Recommended,231430,13933236,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Koeda,"Optimized like a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and with the constant balance issues with sparse updates you've come to expect from relic, Company of Heroes 2 is still, at its roots, a hell of a lot of fun. The voice acting is phenomenal, the game looks beautiful, and the changes from CoH 1 to 2 are mostly appreciated (I miss the silliness of the Calliopes and Schwimwaggens, and the new units don't live up to that expectation). The new weather engine has led to some really interesting combat, and the diverse terrains allow every encounter to feel new and dangerous no matter how many times you've played the same map. The community may be sparse and contentless, but automatch is quick and the player pool is deep. I'm still waiting on new USF and Wehrmacht commanders, but I'd mostly be using one commander anyways. What else can I say? Sega is a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ That's about it. Buy. Don't buy. I don't care. You'll get your money's worth even if you only play the campaign."
76561198027747945,Recommended,231430,13937076,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Sleep,"I love this game, just....so.....gooooooood. BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥!!"
,Recommended,231430,13937171,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Kevvio,"I like RTS from Relic, they are making the detail of each art in this game amazing, and also the AI is live. Making this game more impressif to play, i am fan of Warhammer 40K, seeing what they have done in Warhammer 40K to implement into this Company of Heroes is amazing."
76561197988663930,Recommended,231430,13966197,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Yazan Kiriel,"This game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off filthy Russians, that's how you know it's a filthy good game!"
,Recommended,231430,13947129,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Copland,"This is not really for COH 2 as i found that to be missing the COH magic.This is concerning the Ardennes (which i can't seem to leave a review for) The magic is back with this standalone package, it is only single player but the random objects allow for massive replays even once completed.If your a COH fan, then all you need to know is this is what COH 2 should have been - you will not be disappointed"
76561197961102572,Recommended,231430,13961089,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,TheTrueGentleman,"Company of Heroes 2 by and large expands upon the first game and makes it better: the main story isn't very intresting, but the various mission packs really help pad the game out with a good variety of gameplay that leaves you with more than just multiplayer, which is fantastic for people with a single-player or co-op focus.The expansion pack, Ardennes Assault, is...hard. Well, more like erractic: a few missions are easy, some are tricky to do without taking high losses (which can eventually rob of all your soldiers and make you lose the campaign, among other things) and some are HARD. As in, ""fight an infinite number of King Tigers with soldiers that like to run up to the thing and start humping it instead of firing their damn weapons into the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥'s treads while your tank destroyers sit and their gawk before being killed in two hits despite orders to run for their lives"" hard.In other words, the campaign is unbalanced."
76561198035808277,Recommended,231430,13951769,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,philo,"Honestly, I almost never buy anything unlesss it's on sale, but even at 40$ I'd say this is worth it. It does have quite a steep learning curve, however, and by now everyone else has all the bulletins/commanders, making it hard to level up, but it is really fun and the campain teaches you the basics though it doesn't spoonfeed you like in a lot of games. Minus all the overpriced DLCs, buy this if you're ready to commit at least some amount of time to it, but you give what you get."
76561197983235687,Recommended,231430,12665253,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Beau0135,"Fun in many ways i enjoy playing as both Americans and russians Wrecking Kraut forces and defending Russia from the rule of Hitler, but you must also pay a price if you are not ready for a surprise Tiger 1 or Tiger ACE even an Elephant!so i fully Recommend this game to all Strategy, WW2, Tank, and of course the Tacticians!"
,Recommended,231430,12668008,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,|RD| Nahkämpfer,"Surround your enemy and finish him off with Rail Artillery, How could that possibly get any better!"
76561198041051164,Recommended,231430,12670113,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Savior,"One of my favorite games so far! But I do wish the game had a better matching making system, skill wise."
76561198050592469,Recommended,231430,12678647,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,prrazer,I love this game. The best part for me is learning all the strengths and weaknesess of the units and ow they match up vs other units.
76561198040093389,Recommended,231430,12920699,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Zildjianman,Great RTS game. Not as good as the first one in my opinion. Still a good game though.
,Recommended,231430,12910220,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,aCe86,"play real, you earned it."
76561198042092597,Recommended,231430,12912854,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Sjmerige Hond,"After all these years playing CoH, CoH Tales of Valor and CoH2.This is still the best one, forget all your RTS 'select all/ attack all', because this is way deeper. Micromanage your precious tanks, if they get shot in the back they are gone.I also love the blizzard-gimmick, get your troops near fires or in buildings or they freeze, engines will die during blizzards you cant use artillery. Also don't try to drive your big♥♥♥♥♥Tiger/Jagdtiger tanks on the ice, because they will become boats.After all, this is still my favorite RTS-series, and this is the best one to date.12/10"
,Recommended,231430,2260148,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Feldmarschall Marcus,"Great WW2 RTS game. The game is very similar to the first one while expanding some tactical features. Specifically, the revamped line of sight engine and the addition of winter effects and mechanics on certain maps. I recommend this game to anyone who wants a tactical experience that focuses micromanagement of troops while minimizing economic management."
76561198009269162,Recommended,231430,12822195,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,vansen,"Awaresome, but sadly not punishmend for went afk or leave in ranked games...!"
,Recommended,231430,11563166,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,(ツ),+
,Recommended,231430,1569908,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,•Boneless Pizza•,"I'm not normally an RTS fan, but this is no normal RTS. If you enjoy slow-er(not extremely slow, but not Starcraft), tactical strategy that requires quick adaptation to the current situation on the battlefield, then CoH 2 is right up your alley. Prepare to be challenged and totally engrossed by the complexity and depth of this game. Also one of the most customizable RTS games I've ever played. R.I.P. THQ, and thank you for bringing Company of Heroes to life."
76561198020979772,Recommended,231430,11778867,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,baddoggs,"Fanbloodytastic,just what weve come to expect from this franchise.I own them all and love them,looking forward(hopefully) to more of the same.main complaints in the chat rooms is lack of mod support,ive said it once and i'll say it again,game dev's are not obliged to provide the public with the means to hack and slash there product.That being said,i mod too and would love to see support in the future.Great work guys."
76561198024058873,Recommended,231430,11781843,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Panzertrooper42,Company of Heroes has been a game I have played since the first one. I love the 1st one and the secound one. It is a game I would recomend to any rts player. This game has a nice tatical feal to it. You have to think to play it. Most rts you just spam units. In Company of Heroes you cant do that. Personaly I like to play a support role in rts and I can do that in this game. Any play style you can think of it is in this game.
76561198015318904,Recommended,231430,11770182,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Reaper,Awesome and well worth the money if you wish to be involved in history.
76561198134172619,Recommended,231430,11823877,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,blackadder292,"company of heroes 2 is a real- time strategy during WWII and you the character  Lev Abramovich Isakovich is on trial for crimes against the state and your commanding officer gets you to tell Lev's story from the beginning and thus starts the game. The game play is pretty good with intensive battles around every corner and to start with infantry: they are important to assist your amour storming enemy positions because amour will never win without infantry support and the majority of foot units can look after themselves provided they have heavy weapons. If you don't have eyes on the enemy you can always use conscripts or snipers to light up the enemy targets for artillery units.(conscripts are cheap to use and they aren't experienced in combat and so trying to keep them alive is pointless). When ordering units to move to a another location your troops will follow the path you chose for them but sometimes they get stuck in rubble or go the shortest way and that mostly means straight in to enemy fire and could cost you time and resources.As you progress though the game the main character tells his Commander just how shocked he was seeing the strategy of throwing thousands of brave men in to machine gun fire and shooting deserters to set an example to the men, on one mission you command a female sniper and her comrades behind enemy lines to rescue an informant and in return the Soviets will provide arms to the uprising that is ongoing in Warsaw and at the end of the mission your commander shoots the partisans in the back because Stalin wanted Poland under Soviet control after the war and so the Polish government in London could't return to make Poland a democracy.The ending of the game was to be frank surprising when the a guy came into the room in which Lev was being questioned by his C.O. told him that he was found guilty of deserting and to be shot, but as the guy was about to shoot him his commander shot the guy and told him ''you better get going comrade'' and thus Lev escapes the prison camp and the commander does one last duty(shoots him self)On the hull a great game !"
76561198100631506,Recommended,231430,11547784,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Какашка,Its a very funn game they did well on it. but i wish they could add japan as part of the axis instead of just the more german fractions
,Recommended,231430,7312409,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Zedd,Epic Heroic Game
,Recommended,231430,10704763,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Coneye West,"Officially the best strategy game on PC! I would definitely recommend to anybody who loves strategy games, or those who love games set in WWII.The best game I own without a doubt!"
76561198008885912,Recommended,231430,2532671,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,aGnostik,Top 3 all time favourite game/franchise. Favourite RTS game ever. Fantastic game with even greater potential in the coming patches and add-ons.
76561197996963420,Recommended,231430,13228170,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Highlander,"nice game, but not easy to win sometimes ..."
,Recommended,231430,13230158,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Update is hard,"Upside-upgrades on the previous iteration of the game in every way, buuut-added Soviet UnionDownside-the ""DLC""s for this game are just too many and in varying quality. My advice buy the core game and ""Western front armies"" when discounted. Commanders could be earned by the ingame drop system. There are some nice campaigns ""Theatres of War"" - buy if discounted.-removed Brits-no glorious AA/AT Flak 36 88mm"
76561198047507675,Recommended,231430,13149788,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,AvJ.Ostrichs,great game wish it had sli and crossfire support
76561197960516140,Recommended,231430,13152042,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Snake,"Realy good game enjoy playing it alot, worth the  money."
76561198030198296,Recommended,231430,13154178,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Kobayashi Maru,Well made game and gives many more aspects of gameplay.
,Recommended,231430,13154919,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Saitama,BEST!!!
76561197984824750,Recommended,231430,13155292,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,{FOX} Woody,Fun Game
,Recommended,231430,13155779,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Comrade,Awesome.
76561197987472168,Recommended,231430,1133110,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Andretti,The best of the best!
,Recommended,231430,13010816,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,"pass class, eat ass","I bought Company of Heroes 2 a long, long time ago. Needless to say, I got bored really fast. Then, one day, they added America. Now I enjoy smashing Fascist ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and spreading Democracy to all people with my good old American Bazookas."
76561198083955586,Recommended,231430,13011736,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,sikek1er,Great game but not as good as the first one .
76561198173076094,Recommended,231430,18969407,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,QuinTHOT,This is a fun game but there are some certain things missing but i would recommend this! :) 8/10
76561197979981122,Recommended,231430,13097215,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,UNION Vicious,"it has better AI, so humans vs comp has a vary high replay value + more indep control over units/abilitys. This game doesent feel like u have to know a rotation just a natrual flow."
,Recommended,231430,13097926,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,luzzyyy,"Great game if you like WWII history. I am not even an RTS player, but I love the setting. Definitely worth a buy. Get the Ardennes Assault standalone if you'd rather play singleplayer as the Americans."
76561197996319710,Recommended,231430,13103923,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Johnny Boy,"The game is great, and the best WWII strategy (RTS) game I've played.The only thing I don't like much is that they release DLCs that cost money for all the new content they make.I would totaly recommend this to anyone who's into online strategy games."
76561198130663047,Recommended,231430,13106854,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Red General,"i would say this game is fun and very balanced even if people say it aint, for me with the cover system and stuff works just fine, the campagin is ok but could have been less anti communistic, otherwise its a very enoyable game and i would recommed it to anyone,"
76561198017497025,Recommended,231430,12879155,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,dani,really nice game :) just buy and play stop thinking ;d
76561198056825666,Recommended,231430,13147190,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,TAMBOI,Great Game
76561198035362613,Recommended,231430,4307107,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,drowe1975,I love this game..... Better then the first one...
,Recommended,231430,13123549,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Drunk_N_Sailr,For the ones that really like stragety... This is what you want.For the ones that liked company of heroes 1: why havent you bought this one yet?Steam workshop support really spices up this game another level.Scale 1-10: 9
76561198028849183,Recommended,231430,13125440,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,DhCAtteroDominatus,awesome!
,Recommended,231430,13133788,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Mt',good
,Recommended,231430,13135664,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,[O.R.E.H.],Definitely a must buy for players who are interested in strategy gameplay!
,Recommended,231430,13136210,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Heart-Throb Hyena,
76561198002408571,Recommended,231430,13139718,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Erguth,"Pretty good, but CoH1 is better. Overall a good game, fun online."
76561198007217051,Recommended,231430,13055372,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Sabretooth,"i like it but for me COH2 just doesnt have the nitty gritty feel of realism that COH1 did, the units look over sized and the colours just seem to...computerish to me....look, gameplay is improved in some areas to COH such as cover, but i would have liked some variation in the units apart from just having 3 sets of almost the same looking dudes just with better weaopns, i mean had they gone with the volksgrenadiers having field caps then i would probably not be complaining oo much about it."
76561197992260744,Recommended,231430,13112261,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Mr Fisher,A good balance of large scale strategy and squad micro managment.
76561198007332601,Recommended,231430,13112574,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Telpar,fantastic multiplayer!
,Recommended,231430,13113148,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Spartan,"Solid WW2 RTS, would reccomend to all RTS fans."
,Recommended,231430,13115118,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Macrov,"Great strategy game. Takes some getting used to when I mainly play RTS in the Starcraft style, but it is fun nonetheless. I believe I would rate this game higher than the first because the Eastern Front is more interesting to me. If you find the American perspective more interesting then maybe start with COH 1?"
,Recommended,231430,15150799,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Gamelvr,Awesome
76561198029373797,Recommended,231430,15152012,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Mrsteffs11,Great Game. If you don't want to spend extra $ then don't. It is already a great game :D
76561198043954159,Recommended,231430,15152504,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Rossunited,amazing game alot of action and stratergy recommend this to anyone
76561197969153181,Recommended,231430,15156704,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Corporate,Overall COH2 is an improvement over v1. Its had rocky periods with the multiplayer balance shifting dramatically from patch to patch. For the most part these issues have been resolved and a decent part of the loyal fan base seems to have stuck around.
76561198075891339,Recommended,231430,15220847,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kyrpä Jooseppi,"I dont understand why people are complaining about the DLCs. I only have the base game, and I think its awesome. The only DLC I would buy is The Western Front Armies, because it gives you 2 new armies (pretty cool), normally it costs 20 euros but on sale its around 5 euros (not that bad).Pros:+Awesome graphics+Lots of content (even without the DLCs)+Well balanced (my opinion)+Armies are totally different+Lots of DLCsCons:-Lots of DLCs-Sometimes your units get stuck and wont retreat-Stupid AISo, if you like RTS-,WW2 games you really should buy this game."
76561198015894818,Recommended,231430,14873847,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Not Artyom,10/10 currently ruining my life.
,Recommended,231430,14878000,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Pinhead,Nice WWII experience.
76561198061040271,Recommended,231430,14878882,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,LE BAGUETTE,"Very cool game, even if it is a bit similar to the orginal Company of Heroes, it's still very fun."
,Recommended,231430,15002741,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Dazhbog,"If you like strategy game, or just ww2 game in general, this is a must have game in your library"
76561198170172445,Recommended,231430,14981376,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,The_Fork_Commander,Very fun and competitive. Good for strategists every where.
76561197979680295,Recommended,231430,14985654,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Professor Dankledore,"100000000 dead conscrips and 3 failed marriages later I recieve a war spoil,""You recieved a vehicle skin""FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU-"
,Recommended,231430,14804895,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Osteoporosis,You want something demolished!?BUY IT!
76561198119126583,Recommended,231430,15037885,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Luke Herron,Its no company of heros 1 but its still very good
,Recommended,231430,15147351,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,CAMoflage225,Absolutaly Amazing RTS One of my Favourites fill with Detail and great gameplay 9/10
76561198045492638,Recommended,231430,5137552,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,ferhat,
76561198040012284,Recommended,231430,9157867,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,sparris128,All in all a good game took a while to get used to it but in the end well worth it cool design.
,Recommended,231430,14845857,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Lord_Retard,This game was good but then when explaining something to another play i may of included a swear and this game auto translates it into a less hostile word for instanse saying the word donkey (not really donkey) translates it into garden.
,Recommended,231430,15130353,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Quantum|Legend,I love the RTS side of this game and how you got to carefully decide where to position your troops. This game is so fun and great. I really recommend getting this game. It's awesome
76561198020263787,Recommended,231430,15295926,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,KostasRogue,Great game!!
,Recommended,231430,15299703,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Dongu Dongu,everything was peacful then the fire nat- oops i mean mortors attacked
76561198068018918,Recommended,231430,15299973,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Itz_JakeZz,i just like this type of strategy game
,Recommended,231430,13369356,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Broke Dick Nick (Blame canada),"its fun like a WW2 version of Age Of Empires, without all the gathering"
76561198025159147,Recommended,231430,13369954,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,matthewgarrard,"The campaign is what you are paying for with this one so don't expect anything substantial in the form of new units. Having said that the campaign has had a lot more effort put into it than the Eastern front campaign. It is expensive for what it is, I won't deny it but for those who enjoy the campaign style play it won't dissappoint. If you only want to play online then you may want to give this one a miss!"
,Recommended,231430,13370579,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Red Vodka,Great game if you're willing to put the effort in and learn from your mistakes.8/10
76561198038088610,Recommended,231430,13374510,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,[HaX] Mr-Ali,"One of the best strategy games someone can play, tough learning curve but after you become good its addictive and amazing game, specially when played with friends"
76561197965091750,Recommended,231430,13374565,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Grizzly,"if ur a ww2 buff, then this is a must have.  rolling in with T34s, panzers, tigers or shermans makes me smile just about every time.  however game mechanics (particularly unit pathing) needs some work. i dont kno how many times i've had a tank rotate like a top and show their rears to enemies while trying to make retreating or flanking manuevers (consequently getting destroyed, when a 3-star tiger or 5-star king tiger does this, its quite frustrating).  economy system in the game is kinda interesting as u have a finite rate of income but an infinite amount of potential income.all things considered its still a good looking, solid game for multiplayer and single player.  solid tactical element utilizing cover and flanking, but the overall gameplay is a bit slower than wat im used to a la starcraft2."
,Recommended,231430,13360886,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Spakanyan,"Very good game but lacks an ""x"" factor that the first one has."
76561198007366388,Recommended,231430,13366481,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,shanoobergloob,"classic company of heroes game with all the fun of blowing up your opponent...purchased the game for 15$ on steam sale.. i wouldnt say its worth more than that... but=campaign is pretty mediocre,=lots of bugs,=lot of game crashes,=can only play russian or german forces skirmish,=addition of scenarios and challenges makes good replay valuespent 2 hours playing a scenario challenge on hard......only to complete the match successfully to have the game crash on some lame end game overcap....didnt complete the challenge! lol :("
,Recommended,231430,13544436,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Rnady,You know we are grenadiers not pioneers ja?
76561198095443874,Recommended,231430,13546932,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Bismarck Drei,"For CoH:I have played CoH campaign three times since 2011, and still feel exceting! I believe CoH series is the most entertaining WWII RTS so far. The campaign is absolutely best! I just do not get tired playing it, it is like watch a well-made WWII movie!  Most importantly, it is so surprising that I can play as German heroes in this game. The multiplayer mode is great, however I am really not good at handling real people >.<For CoH2:CoH only cantians west front and it is relatively old now. CoH2 however, includes both west and east front. The campaign is challenging and fun and I played through the main campaign in hard mode. CoH2 has much better visual expression than CoH. The completely redesigned multiplayer mode is so cool and there is lots of mods in steam workshop. Anyway, it is a must get WWII RTS game for everyone."
76561198032342193,Recommended,231430,13331311,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Friendly Filipino,"Unique RTS that has different strategic aspects setting it apart from any other RTS.Not a lot of good players. But if you can find the right group, you can have a great skirmish that lasts hours.Tons of mods available so you never run out of new things to try out.8/10"
76561198006532511,Recommended,231430,13315589,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Cptcocoabananas,"For a lot of the RTS style games I've encountered, this one really takes the cake.Of course you'll find yourself somewhat heavily bombarded with DLC but, in the end just simply buy what you want to play the most. The expansion and primary game feature some fairly engrossing cinematics and ambiance, while the gameplay is fairly solid. The units respong well, the combat feels visceral and real, and none of the battles feature too many of those ""excruciating"" tasks players tend to be asked to do.Yes the game has plenty of room to improve such as small bugs, the occasional annoying objective, and possibly a somewhat clearer tutorial (despite how engaging even that turned out to be story/feel wise). In the end though it's a solid game easily an 8/10 in my book and a permanent fixture for scratching my mass combat world war two itches.If you enjoy heavy competative multiplayer or simply blasting your leat prefered nation to oblivion, this is the game for you.tl:dr- Game good buy game.The Cpt."
,Recommended,231430,13148095,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,BOT Cancer,"If u want to buy this game u simply dont buy it for the campaign. I did that, i have completed it and i dont want to complete it again!But why do i give it a thumbs up then? Well the multiplayer is sick and addictive. I have never tried a multiplayer like this (Didnt play Coh). The tank battles is super cool to watch and be a part of. It is something every RTS and WW2 lover should try it!"
76561198041313211,Recommended,231430,13323133,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,OG MArCo,if you like strategy games that are fast paced or based in ww2 then you will love this game!
,Recommended,231430,9321418,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Dr. Kuzniak,Yay
76561197984729836,Recommended,231430,9324812,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Uberschadenfreude,This is the best RTS game available right now.
76561198086597243,Recommended,231430,9304561,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,PowerTots,Fun game to play casually hard game to master but i love it either way
76561198091332976,Recommended,231430,9304999,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Jon,It's a great game just wish I had a copy.
,Recommended,231430,470727,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,requiem,joyfull and tactical +1
,Recommended,231430,1550318,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,FunkMeister,"A very fun sequel to the first CoH. Visual effects and game mechanics are even more beautiful and nuanced than ever, serving to immerse you deep within ceaseless combat. I swear I actually feel cold during the blizzards... They're just so realistic!Definitely a must buy"
,Recommended,231430,132398,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,DmnSpawn,Love this game! Mulitplayer 4v4 is where it is at.  Will be buying this in the near future for sure!-Edit Got this on steam sale! So glad I noticed.
76561198035597932,Recommended,231430,8778304,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Westo,"its an ok game, but the 20min updates when ever it crashed and the huge number of dlc for commanders is BS, besides the games $40-$60 there should not be dlc for it. buy this game if you can run it and if you can fork out money at your lesure. to be honest the free trial was more fun and had more content."
76561198040860115,Recommended,231430,7398943,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,iu,"Although a bit on the political side during campaign, this (expensive) game is packed with DLC, endless fun with multiplayer or AI Skirmishes, as well as the ranking system which includes the Intelligence Bulletins and some Commanders."
76561197992171893,Recommended,231430,9294490,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,ThaWolf,"Everything I expected it to be! Still feels and plays like the original Company of Heroes. Graphics are a little hard hitting however if you don't have a current PC with some decent gaming hardware in it, so take the recommended system specs into consideration before buying/playing. The campaign felt spot on, both with a captivating storyline and yet still full of freedom to choice how you approach objects with your units. Hopefully if they consider doing a third installment of this franchise it won't flop like Red Alert 3 did."
76561198025775563,Recommended,231430,9280100,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,pavellano,game rocks
76561198048208198,Recommended,231430,9280205,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Themarksman77,A good strategy game
76561197990007651,Recommended,231430,9284934,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Major Zer0,Great rts
76561198036481566,Recommended,231430,8461126,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,ScreamingLlama,Its not bad. More of the same with some improvements.
76561198077170807,Recommended,231430,12598579,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,daniel-crni(KAKASHI),gg
76561198063834167,Recommended,231430,12581483,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Black_Rus(Ahzee),That game so Good is you love WWII games buy Company of Heroes 2 :)
,Recommended,231430,12583805,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,JimminieCrikets,"Alot like COH 1, except you are Russian. New storyline and such, but it's the same game. Bonus if you dont have COH 1 beacuse it comes with the $19.99 pack."
76561198073987558,Recommended,231430,12587172,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,fuck you,Good game I just love it the graphics are amazing and the story is just epic
76561198091765713,Recommended,231430,12587268,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,ŤDarth RevanŤ,Company of Heroes 2 changes the way of RTS games. It is a competative game. It is specific with it's units. I recomend this to anyone who enjoys a good RTS.
,Recommended,231430,12588850,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Stezzy-[MK],Very good strategy game !
,Recommended,231430,12589257,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,metal1kmonk3y,fun rts
76561198042844096,Recommended,231430,12590379,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,GreyWolf,"Good game,great gamplay and multiplayer,the campaign was not cray good but its was good and its overall a really good rts shooter and i have no encounterd and problems."
76561198062432520,Recommended,231430,6263783,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,Owlf-The Outcast-,I highly recommened this game to all Graphics and gameplay are fantastic
76561198081545095,Recommended,231430,12728007,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Curt,"Fun game. The changes in gameplay from the first COH require new tactics and the Russian forces are unique aswell. Its still COH, but with a fresh new flavour. If you loved the first COH you will love this installment. If I had to pick my top 3 WWII games, this one would be in that list."
76561198067794086,Recommended,231430,12728228,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Sabens The Man,"This game is a ton of fun. It is challenging, but is as much of a blast as the first game."
76561198101749298,Recommended,231430,12730132,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,SFops Ben,it duh best gam ever 100%SWAG YOLO AMAZING 10/10-IGN AN IT WEL GUD YO WIL LIK :) LIK THIS AN GETT 3 BAGG OF DUH carrots FROM MAC D'sssss M8
76561198155568787,Recommended,231430,12715755,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,littleolmai,i love this game it is a must play.it just like Command&Conquer but even better
76561198005250309,Recommended,231430,2290220,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,Strandwalker,Best rts on the market
76561198079880418,Recommended,231430,6935996,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,zGhost,"Cold tec, real world physics, destructable environments, true sight system, a beautiful attention to detail, generals, upgrades, the list goes on. Keep your heads down, and watch out for the mortar teams."
,Recommended,231430,18860190,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,shadowtheghost2,"it is, the best game i have ever played on pc. the game is very realistic and strategy base, its not just about ingaging and fighting strate on. you have to plan and think about every move you make and that every unit can change the tide of the battlefield. better said short than long, this game is sony's master piece."
76561198103701278,Recommended,231430,18332727,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Turbokočenka,Panzer vor!
,Recommended,231430,18830328,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,rpswanson3,A shining example of what an RTS ought to be.
,Recommended,231430,14105559,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,TheTerminizor,"Its great, stuff blows up, awsome RTS"
,Recommended,231430,14108234,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,waltera,"Its hard to say what Company of Heroes 2 is. The ingame dlc purcheses and items make the game feel like a free to play game, yet the game plays like a high quality game. The factions are unique and different, but feel unbalance with favoratism given to the Germans. The command system from the original COH is present, but has een changed abit with Commander abilities acting more like bonuses then actual army changing abilities. Avoid buying this for single player, the campaign is not that good. Get the game for multiplayer.Overall I recommend thsi game, but only for multiplayer."
76561198056903407,Recommended,231430,12714520,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,InTeRcEpToR,Best ww2 RTS game ever made !!!
76561198125090785,Recommended,231430,14747142,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,bmg0014,"I bought this game on Saturday and I have completly enjoyed it, it has pretty much all you could ask for in a WWII RTS game. The only thing I ask for is to add the British and Japanese into the game.Overall its worth it."
76561198041958996,Recommended,231430,4797666,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,Jacoopi,The sequel to the first awesome game!
76561198105195595,Recommended,231430,14754700,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Bush,lol
,Recommended,231430,14759678,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,nicenicenice,Fun and action pack!
,Recommended,231430,14812276,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,©APA®ZÕ,Good fun and an excellent continuation of the first game.
76561198048957568,Recommended,231430,14804074,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,SvenskKanelbulle,Great strategy game for those who love WWII. I have played a lot of this with friends and we have had a lot of fun. Playing alone can be fun to but the game is mainly multiplayer.Buy it with a few friends and go out there and win the war!
,Recommended,231430,14805375,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Noira6th,Not Bad
76561198053413433,Recommended,231430,14779334,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Hatsune Miku,"Other than the extreme balance issues (that all modern games have) its a pretty good game, I am still dissapointed 2 shermans can destroy my glorious tiger tank and the second one will be just fine, but i guess american engineering is too strong in the CoH world"
,Recommended,231430,14780787,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,BanzaiDesperado,Its great!
76561197986069905,Recommended,231430,14798593,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,KillaDilla,"COH 1 is the best but COH 2 is alot of fun also, I definately give this game a thumbs up."
76561198121891415,Recommended,231430,14799529,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,dylandrummer,grat game!
76561197990875376,Recommended,231430,14800475,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Oddball21,fun
76561197990872886,Recommended,231430,1294700,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,deadly_sleepy,"great game , cool styleof the  game :)"
,Recommended,231430,14838549,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,seXэp,"Definitely a buy. Especially enjoyful are the Theater of War missions. Operation Barbarossa German missions are grinding as hell, but that's what makes it enjoyful"
,Recommended,231430,14852295,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Prussian V.,"Its hard to make a review on this game I love the graphics and the campain was enjoyable but I really am against the price you have to pay for the dlc's and extra content it feels like I'm being randsomed, lastly its murder on my system I find myself battling with the frame-rate half the time even on low graphics so I don't know, for now I will go with positive but if its not fixed after all the updates I may change this review HOPEFULLY they will I really would love to have a good hour on this game without the crippling frame-rate"
76561198076363576,Recommended,231430,14852725,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,VitaliPink,hello !!!
76561198043171885,Recommended,231430,14854866,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,littleg33,this game is very good and has a very long play time as i am still playing.
76561198099980150,Recommended,231430,14825860,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Nej Mammis Jag lovar,ita a realy good game and a amazing gameplay.
76561198013218525,Recommended,231430,14832607,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,^3Little^1Kal,"Best Game i have ever played... some people complain about how the game is unbalanced, but i have played both teams and the game is fine! If you know your team, you will pwn noobs and have the time of your life. I have been playing this game every day since it came out, and i am still not sick of it, just keeps getting better."
76561197981656232,Recommended,231430,13834842,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,JerzyZwierz,"I give this game 9/10.Pros:-Lot of units/factions to choose from-Commander skills-Battles are fast (i mean gameplay)-Many game modes (vs players, vs AI, theater of war etc.)Cons:-Pathfinding is sometimes broken (troops block themself)-New faction/campaign is a new DLC -> need to spend $$"
,Recommended,231430,14867613,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Murray,"Can't get enough of it, great fun with friends."
,Recommended,231430,14897967,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Penitrydas Snukbaisa,The Best WW2 strategy game ever!10/10
76561198042911524,Recommended,231430,4889030,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Grimgori,"company of heroes 1 made better, but now you can play as the great soviet union, da this will work, and its like dawn of war 2 butt much more brutal in gameplay, you cant just charge at your enemy like a headless chiken you have to think before you do enything, and thats why its good :D."
,Recommended,231430,14903103,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Blight(TH),Do you recommend this game?Yeah!!
76561198114972312,Recommended,231430,14944447,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Nickboy302,Best RTS game yet I strongly recommend this game is diffcult to learn and alot of things to get used to at first but a massive amount of content to play and master and a huge amounts of strategies to try out
76561198076509166,Recommended,231430,14974878,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,TheRarest,"One of the most enjoyable stategie games I've ever played, if you like ground control games with capturing territories and building awesome defences this will be one of your favourite games."
,Recommended,231430,14976426,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,vega,Russians are bad :(... but this does not mean that this game is badgood gameplay and story of gamebut not a perfect game (personal opinion)
76561198007447005,Recommended,231430,2445420,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,HeroicKevin42,do it
76561198134216697,Recommended,231430,14980301,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,DZNation,AWSOME NESS I loved the originals but Coh2 is 10 more worth getting!
76561198101368163,Recommended,231430,14966189,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Sensei,"Love this game very much. Great story for campaign. I would rate it 5/5. Make sure to play with a ""good"" graphics card for maximum nerd-gasim."
,Recommended,231430,25240095,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Chlorax,"This game is by far one of my most favorites for WW2 RTS games.Graphics are good. Sound Effects are good, Music is okay, Single Player Story is bland, but Multiplayer is great. You don't have to do PvP because there are Bots you (and others) can fight against.I love Tanks. I just wish they would quit nerfing the Tiger & KingTiger.The new Reward system is fantastic! WAY better then the original (You had to grind a minimum of 4 games for a CHANCE to get a reward you did NOT already have.)However, I HIGHLY suggest you buy and try the first Company of Heroes before giving this one a go."
76561198082010462,Recommended,231430,25296718,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,General.Huff,love the game!!!!! one of thebest out but it sucks i bought the western front armys and it says its istalled but it still wants me to buy it and well im a little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but other than that great game!
,Recommended,231430,717164,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Spooky*AUS*™,nice RTS for WW2 fans
76561198029435189,Recommended,231430,25230693,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ramy-awadalla,give you the felling of WW2
,Recommended,231430,25287301,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,jembut is real,I like it how the tiger demolish anythinggerman engineering best engineering
,Recommended,231430,25278393,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Tragically Delicious,"Single handedly the best WWII RTS series in existence. Nothing else in the RTS genre could hold a candle to this, and I would bet very few companies are even willing to try. The meticulous attention to detail in this game is outstanding. However, like all games it does have some annoying quirks. Like tank AI being completely ridiculous (Anyone who's seen their tanks turning to avoid a stone fence will know what I am talking about.) Although, these are very minor gripes.It's a tad bit steep on the learning curve, but once you begin to git gud you'll learn how to reduce a tiger tank to scrap in no time. I definitely recommend, but for the love of god wait for Master Collection to go on sale. It's a game from 2013 and the price oughtta reflect that."
76561198157086298,Recommended,231430,21317790,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,frantzeskakhs.xrhstos,ΤΟ Company of Heroes 2 ΔΕΝ   ΞΕΚΟΙΝΑΕΙ ΟΣΕΣ Προσπαθειες και να εκανα !!!Παρακαλω δοστε καποια Βοηθεια !Εαν δεν Δουλεψει πως  θα κανω Σωστη κριτικη !!
,Recommended,231430,25277106,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,orangesobe,I like it!
76561197992797642,Recommended,231430,25261164,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,jmorais2011,"The game itself is awesome, if you are looking for a fast paced fps this is the game. This game will challenge the way you think every round, the enemy is never the same and you are constantly changing your strategy to prevent utter anhialation.A few cons would be the AI are sometimes ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, my meaning is they will have a clear target in front of them but they will ignore them( usually because of the smoke effects) or they shoot the object directly in front of them instead of moving to a new position. If you are trying to get your tank to back up make sure you tell them or else they will try and turn whilst a tank is shooting your broadside.Overall the game is great a great buy for any WW2 fan."
76561198225183184,Recommended,231430,25271105,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Masrico,It`s a nice RTS witch makes you stay on you tooes.It is a nice replica of world war 2 and has a nice feel to the game
,Recommended,231430,25256465,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,🎃 Cabron Pendejo 🎃,ok this game is the flag of steam for a reason!!!
,Not Recommended,231430,30858292,Posted: 31 March,all,-=SemperFried76=-,"Essentially the same game as Warhammer 40k Dawn Of War 2, set against a WW2 backdrop with tons of pay-to-play content. Was not a fan of DOW2, so unimpressed with this as well."
76561197974343386,Recommended,231430,25252045,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,urede4d,"Compared to CoH 1 i find this game much more enjoyable, Armor/Damage Models are much more realistic than in the CoH 1, there are lots of Mods and Custom Maps to add more variety to the game, especially custom Resource and Pop cap offers a lot of challanges.DLCs are as almost always sort of overpriced if you don't get them for a discount, but they are all somewhat enjoyable.i don't play PvP, so i don't really care for imbalances and OP commanders, but the fact that you can now unlock commanders simply by playing the game and not just by buying them is at least something (although it takes a lot of games to get enough supply for a commander)"
,Recommended,231430,25256164,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Warvan,rated
76561198108751028,Recommended,231430,19701601,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,SlickAviator,"To me it's easily the best / most fun CoH game, For someone who is new to the franchise, I would reccomend the first 3 games though... Then again, who cares!9/10 ( only becasue all the fun stuff costs $ (DLC) )"
,Recommended,231430,25019737,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Ltsgnis,"Playing as soviets? You better start making conscripts, they exist in unlimited quantity coming straight from hell and t34s which fire  shells made from stalinium, a rare metal made straight from Stalin's own blood and can even manipulate RNG and do max damage to germansplaying as americans? make some riflemen with bars... a lot of bars so jerry can walk into and as many shermans as uncle sam can provideplaying as English? make so many static emplacements that sim city would go and cry in the corner just from shame, and while waiting for the jerry to come, make some lovely tea or add some whiskey if you want something strongerplaying as wehrmacht? make so many mg42s so the blizzard will be made from bullets instead of snow flakes and panzers which come straight from zhe fazherland!!!playing as oberkommando? make as many volksgrenadiers as your screen frame can stand and don't forget the king tiger, because it's a tiger... and it's the king!!!Here you go, company of heroes 2 in a nutshell. Now go and buy it, choose your side and get ready to get addicted!!!"
76561198031456649,Recommended,231430,25115168,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,makavelo,this is so good i wanne cry
76561198135260769,Recommended,231430,24327233,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Doc,"Ah, Company of Heroes 2. Where do I begin?Well, lets start with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t DLC. You pay 30 bucks for the game, and what do you get in return? So many goddamn micro transactions. They can't even be called micro transactions, because they are vital to have the ""full experience"", of this game!I started out the series with the Oberkommando west faction, and I had a ton of fun. It looked and run well, (though it seemed a little poorly optimized) I had a blast. Sometime recently, I heard of all the praise for the original CoH, and how it was surperior to its sequel. So, I bought it, and awaited to be amazed at the supposedly ""best WWII RTS game."" However, I wasn't pleased. The units in the game never seemed to do what I wished.""Riflemen, take cove behind the sanbags and face the enemy!""*Runs past cover and lays down*""No, no! Get back on the other side and take cover""*Slowly crawls behind cover, proceedes to do nothing*""Shoot the damn people!!!""*Gets right next to the German machine gunner's face.*One thing I found really cool in the first game is how each soldier in a squad interacts with one another, it gives the game a greater sense of life.CoH 2 also has better gameplay mechanics, and refines the old ones.Overall, I would have to reccomend this game over it's counterpart, CoH 1."
,Recommended,231430,25564148,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,★ Genr8 <3 upgrade.gg,Best WW2 strategy game !!
,Not Recommended,231430,342126,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,The Asparagus Kid,"Not nearly as good as the first game.  The first game had me invested in my troops.  I felt connect and was able to operate at a macro level.  This game leaves me feeling no connection with my troops and requires constant micromanagement.  I'm trying to like it but I usually leave a game feeling like I didn't accomplish anything or even enjoy myself.  Something is just missing.In fact, I'm coming to really dislike this game.  It seems like the opposing AI cheats while any friendly AI is impotent.  The new sniper cover system requires constant micromanagement so you can't really direct forces if you want to keep snipers alive.  As Russions, you'll lament the fact that the Germans have superior tanks and infantry.  As Germans, you'll lament that the Russians have superior tanks and infantry.  The increased environment destructability is nice but overall it just feels like the game is broken.  If the first game was like this, I never would have bought the second."
76561198015597873,Recommended,231430,8552618,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,mickeymouse1213,I just dont understand how steam getsaway with doing peapol like this. if you buy this game and then instal it you wil discover that it wont work. do to steams incompadabiolity mode or some jive. the inform you after you spend your money
76561198095879360,Recommended,231430,8555455,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,cosmostflyer507,"Best Strategy World War 2 Game Ever, More More More More."
,Recommended,231430,8534798,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Artist,"Just like the old coh ! =) epic campaign , epic multi player ."
,Recommended,231430,8540125,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,jeperty,Very good game. Similar enough to CoH but still different enough to provide a new challenge
76561198121413430,Recommended,231430,8559743,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,a scary beluga,its a really good game
,Recommended,231430,8559902,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Black-Ice,Good Game
76561198011561167,Recommended,231430,8561581,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Rixkuh,"What a ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. CoH 1 is way more fun and at least that game was made by people who knew what they were doing. CoH 2 is either to hard or to easy. There is no middle mode. And really Blizzards? How original and it adds so much more exitement to the game....only more stuff to irritate me.The build cost in unit points is way to high, you cant even make a nice army and attack. Playing as russian is way to easy and overall i would rather watch old people having sex than recommend this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game to any of my friends.♥♥♥♥ you if you made this game, Shame on you!"
76561198008627182,Recommended,231430,8562611,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Adam,Love this game :D bit boring at low levels when starting off but brilliant after a few hours of devotion.
,Recommended,231430,8527251,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,fallfromredemption,"Now granted I did not play a huge amount of CoH 1, a problem happened were I downloaded the complete version of it then somehow lost content. But in the time I have played CoH 2 I am in love. The gameplay element is crisp and clean. It doesn't get old when you build tank units and just destroy everything in site. It does contain microtransactions, but these are not needed to be able to enjoy the game. They are just there for people who really enjoy the game and want to support it. It has a real tactical  element to it that can make or break you if you don't plan ahead. Also a big thing for me is the Co Op. The Co Op works incredibly well. Within 2 clicks you have invited a friend to your game, within one click he has accepted and is in. More games need to take on that approach when it comes to Co Op. Finally the ranking system, wether you play against AI or Players you will get points for your level. In Co Op vsing the computer you still level up your profile which in turn unlocks new abilities that you can work towards getting to help particular units on the battlefield. 5/5, the only thing I am dissapointed with, is not purchasing this game Day 1! Bravo Relic, Bravo."
,Recommended,231430,8528689,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,DUSTED,"Fav RTS game right now. It took a while to get used to the changes from COH1, but this game has charms all of its own."
76561197965987049,Recommended,231430,229946,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,tigros40208,Great little game. Doesn't quite live up to the first one but I enjoy it.
76561198007203505,Recommended,231430,13617120,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ZodiyaK,"If you are a fan of WWII and RTS games this one is a no brainer. Simply a great game, even if you're not that big on WWII. Devs still have a few problems to work out, but they are easily overlooked. I always have fun with this game in multiplayer, and there is plenty of good single player content as well. I will give it a solid 8/10."
76561198060456566,Recommended,231430,13617126,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Oliverpatton,lots of fun to have with this Game.
76561197993931400,Recommended,231430,13575356,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ceejayone,"The boys have done it again, a must have RTS"
76561198047627420,Recommended,231430,13616379,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,L3gacy,This War-Like game is AMAZING! From the fast paced STRATEGY to the MASSIVE battles it can withhold! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME!!!
76561198061909626,Recommended,231430,13627511,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mr.Aerodynamics,Good game with unique units but needs more special units on the allies side to balance the power of the mighty German armies
76561198119439569,Recommended,231430,10512089,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,"Bald ""1-0-1"" Eagle","I felt this game was inferior to its predecessor, Company of Heroes 1 and I didn't really like this game at first. But much has changed since then, one of the things that really gets me back to this game is the modding capabilities found in the Steam Workshop, everything from raising the pop cap to changing the gameplay of the game makes me want to play this game again. I feel that Company of Heroes 2 is inferior to the original in some ways and vice-versa, such as the realism. Company of Heroes 2 still has its faults but overall this is actually a good game. Don't ask why I had a change of heart.Cheers"
76561198041547697,Recommended,231430,13459631,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Hahn Solo,"I used to think Starcraft was the greatest RTS of all time, then I found out about Company of Heroes 1 and 2..."
76561198066804454,Recommended,231430,13461856,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,DaddySexRaptor,A.I. System is a little odd.... either the A.I. is totally set on the units it wants to play or it just spawns whatever whenever.... its still fun but the battles can swing wildly based on the fact that the A.I. seems to know exactly what to use where in advance so it can be very tough to combat all its units getting orders at once...
,Recommended,231430,13463974,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Ephili,Fun once you get used to the commands. Not command and conquer but a solid strategy game.
76561198004988438,Recommended,231430,13507409,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mongo,"If you enjoyed CoH, chances are great that you will love CoH2.  New units, factions, and maps refresh an already amazing form of RTS gameplay.  With increased squad sizes, catastrophic doctrines, and weather conditions that change as you play, this game adds a whole new level of stress/excitement to an otherwise emaculate game!Also, you no longer have to suffer through Roo spam and Pio Spam ;)"
,Recommended,231430,13510622,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,CJ My Dog,"This game is absolutley amazing. I would definatley recommend this game to anybody who enjoys stratergy games but even if you dont this is still a game you should definatley try out, anyway you might find you like the genre."
,Recommended,231430,13529144,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,BCS.WatchDog,This is a good game but... I feel like the first CoH had better graphics. Also the gameplay can be confusing at times.
,Recommended,231430,2240019,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Drunkbag,"United forever in friendship and labor,Our mighty republics will ever endure.The great Soviet Union will live through the ages.The dream of the people their fortress secure.Long live our Soviet Motherland, built by the people's mighty hand.Long live our People, united and free.Strong in our friendship tried by fire. Long may our crimson flag inspire,Shining in glory for all men to see.Through days dark and stormy where Great Lenin led usOur eyes saw the bright sun of freedom aboveand Stalin our Leader with faith in the People,Inspired us to build up the land that we love.Long live our Soviet Motherland, built by the people's mighty hand.Long live our People, united and free.Strong in our friendship tried by fire. Long may our crimson flag inspire,Shining in glory for all men to see.We fought for the future, destroyed the invader,and brought to our homeland the Laurels of Fame.Our glory will live in the memory of nationsand all generations will honour her name.Long live our Soviet Motherland, built by the people's mighty hand.Long live our People, united and free.Strong in our friendship tried by fire. Long may our crimson flag inspire,Shining in glory for all men to see."
76561198147030581,Recommended,231430,13453364,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,jjforystek,"I bought the game and the Ardennes Assault DLC but whenever I load the game and select a campaign it tells me to purchase the item, but even when I go to purchase the game/dlc it tells me I already own the item."
76561198056807759,Recommended,231430,13453676,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Bloodwulf85,Diff a must to have
76561197989089523,Recommended,231430,13455757,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Spudminer,"Still a good game but i did enjoy coh 1 alot better, i dont like the idea of having to buy the game, then having to buy more items as DLC to get an edge agaist the foes, it is still doable with paying more.Overall i would recormend as the game play and offline modes are really good"
76561198116752642,Recommended,231430,13458727,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,boarishattempt,if you like any sort of strategy game and ww2 this game is meant for you. well done and awesome graphics.
76561198073545714,Recommended,231430,13168574,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,G-white,so very  fun game
76561198012719174,Recommended,231430,13025192,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,MemEmEistErHaRoLD,"The game has great gameplay and quite realisitic features.While it can have heavy graphical requirements its runs quite smoothlyCampaign however can be slightly onsidered a let down.But lots of commanders, 4 factions (with the western front expansions) and possibly more on the way I can't wait."
,Recommended,231430,13126642,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,THERUSSIANBOY,it is good
,Recommended,231430,13129883,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Justin,FOR THE MOTHERLAND
,Recommended,231430,13130961,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,cjSa,"It's Company of Heroes, enough said."
76561198054112896,Recommended,231430,13131705,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Westforce,"Crasches are a disgrace for this rather ok game. It seems the servers are not capable, Fix it"
,Recommended,231430,13107414,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Queefing Kitten™,"I've played the other company of heroes games for a very long time, even though this is the second one, it still feels like the first, i cant explain how much i love strategy games or even WWII games in that matter. Plain and simple, its a beautiful game with many different options on how to play. If you played the Origional COH. I recomend you purchase this game just for the wonderful gameplay and hours of fun you can have by yourself before you even hop onto the multiplayer! :3"
76561198053931965,Recommended,231430,13107676,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Nuclearyoman77,"This is a great World War 2 base game and a great strategy game if you love contrling armys and go to war. Also it's great theme of World War 2 is so great, you don't see to many games that have the World War 2 theme and the game is a time base strategy that you could also play with or against friends."
,Recommended,231430,13080784,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,GunSoul,"Awesome game, to bad you have to buy the extra extention for 100% content"
76561197986371123,Recommended,231430,13082707,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Perec,My two eurocents on the matter.https://medium.com/@peakfs/company-of-heroes-2-3f89e39524c4
,Recommended,231430,5984363,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,KaiserMaurizius VI,"Habe CoH1 gespielt und finde dies besser liebe auch die Ostfront trotzdem wer auf der Westlichen Seite spielen will soll sich einfach The Western Front Armies kaufen dass ich auch nur empfehlen kann!!!BESTE Strategiespiel das ich gespielt habe. Wer 2. Weltkrieg und Strategie mag , der sollte sofort zugreifen!!!!"
,Recommended,231430,13035002,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,klein,Yes
,Recommended,231430,7393859,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Hauken,"Updates brings better and better results, input lag is the main issue you will get from this game."
,Recommended,231430,12993294,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Nightshade,"Well, the game is still playable, hope there is no problem in the near future"
76561198068570652,Recommended,231430,27073050,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PancakeHumper,I like be on defensive line and just laugh at my enemies! :)
,Recommended,231430,27069743,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ya Boi Thorsten,"dont be fooled by my recorded playtime i played this a lot , good game ☺"
,Recommended,231430,27098387,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,qqq,BEST RTS EVER !!!
76561198065297549,Recommended,231430,27105214,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ChangzChaoz,good game for RTS
76561198139357838,Recommended,231430,27125749,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LifeWithoutHope,"Company of Heroes is one of the most franchise I love. Don't look at my record play time. If you like strategy and world war 2 games, this game is for you. I won't spoil the story for you because it's more fun to play than know it from the beginning.This game is good. The mechanic is nearly the same with CoP 1. The game run very smooth and barely drop frame rate. However, if you go more for fps, I suggest you should lower the graphic.It may be my feeling but I feel the sound isn't good at CoP. However, they are fine if you don't bother with the sound too much.The game's difficult is balance, I say. But if you aren't used to micro control, it is quite hard because each single unit is an individual. Use them wise and you can pass the campaign without thinking much.I don't play multiplayer since my internet connection is very bad, and I don't have enough confidence to play with others. So I guess I let you explore yourself.Overall, I rate this game 8.5/10"
,Recommended,231430,27130691,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BlackRhino,"Great WW II RTS Game, Great but not exellent...The game play is good, worth to play over and over, good graphic, the only downside is the DLC... F**K the DLC :D"
76561198060113824,Not Recommended,231430,11515553,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Smoking Snakes,"I do not recommendFull of bugs: Dumb AI, dumb Bots (they stop and do not attack), in victory offen we dont gain xp and itens, offen the game DC the entire team and♥♥♥♥♥ur ladderMass quitters in multiplayer, poor auto balance (offen when go solo autosearch get pre made enemy team)."
,Recommended,231430,6769678,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Lord Boltron,RTS as its finest with awesome graphics.
76561198069472033,Recommended,231430,26221880,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,BrothaKurk,Worth playing! I got a lil addicted for awhile..
,Recommended,231430,30895722,Posted: 2 April,all,Felis,This game makes you sick when you are playing. You need to control everything if you want to rekt your enemy. Actually this game is awesome. I think i will play hundreds of hours. Don't hesitate to buy. Make sure your friends buy this game too. Much more fun with your friends.
,Recommended,231430,26454798,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Revenant_Duck,"The good:-The game is great. This is probably one of the best recent RTS games to come out.-Tank battles. They are fun.-Tons of cool mods and unit skins in the workshop-Large faction and unit selection (With DLC)The bad:-Relic seems determined to nickle and dime their players into poverty. The DLC is basically required and its not cheap.-Microtransactions. See above.-Vanilla factions currently are, and always seem to be, unbalanced. Every attempt Relic makes at fixing this only makes it worse.- Community is cancer.All and all, I dont regret this purchase. I got it and all the DLC on sale, and I prefer to play against the AI with realism mods, so alot of the negitives dont affect me. The game is honestly fun.If your looking to buy, I highly suggest getting it on sale with all the DLC. As for multiplayer, play with friends. Either that or grow some thick skin. The community is not kind to new players."
76561198090401514,Recommended,231430,26448908,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,"SniKo_""The Best Hero""",Everything is great about this game except for the fact that there are no nips.
76561198092670410,Recommended,231430,26450732,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Lionskrike,"idk, i liked it"
76561198123957774,Recommended,231430,26445379,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,adjeepnavy,Freaking awesome game if you like axis & allies you will love this
,Recommended,231430,26458906,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Field Marshal Erwin Rommel,Good.
,Recommended,231430,26456699,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,finechina,dank strats doe
,Recommended,231430,26369102,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,✭✭Kayaba ✭✭,Very Nice RTS..............STRUKA BOMBER IN THE AIR
,Recommended,231430,26375024,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Aelric the Avenger,Picked this up with all the DLCs 'cause it was on sale.Was killing dirty Brits as the Americans with the Germans and Russians helping.10/10
,Recommended,231430,26441641,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Ivan,pretty g00d
76561198142002833,Recommended,231430,26427738,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Wolf5,"Great game one of my favourite rts or evan game for that matter. Love the time period, love the nations and love the units within great for anyone who likes ww2 rts games."
76561198006776517,Recommended,231430,12305743,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,fulham305,really hood game play just need to make it vlear when buying that you require the base game first
76561198070890515,Recommended,231430,12214691,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,BMR KING SKILL DODGE,GOOD COMMANDERS AND I HOPE TO COMPANY OF HEROES 5.love it
76561198012801704,Recommended,231430,12505472,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,OmegaLance,"Ok as someone with over 200 hours on this game and after about ~10 months owning the game here is my review.This game is great even though it lacks the originality of the first game (this is a sequel after all what do you expect!). The gameplay is fun and addicting, the AI is way smarter than in COH1, and overall feels like an improvment over the first one. In addition, there are four factions to play as (US, OKW, Ostheer, and Red Army) and these factions can all vs eachother. That means no more strict allies vs axis games. The game lobby is an improvment over the first game as it gives more options. The steam workshop intergration is very good. Users can download and create maps (even of COH1 maps aswell) and upload them. These maps can be used by everyone and save once downloaded via the in game lobby.The campaign was ok. It was gritty and interesting yes, but still nothing ""wow that was so good I want to play it again and again). Don't listen to the reviews on metacritic. You'll find most of them (and by most I mean all) were made by a bunch of but-hurt Russians who are upset that the campaign didn't portray the USSR and the Red Army as a bunch of bloody Angels, Heroes, and Saints.The Theater of War is a bit pointless (only played a bit). half the content is missing and is in the form of DLC.***TL;DR: This game is very good. 9/10. Buy it. This game needs more players. It deserves it!"
76561198104827774,Recommended,231430,12507933,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,JGLuc,"How do I unlock the eastern front armies, the maps and other german units? I get a prompt to buy COH 2 each time which I already have...?"
,Recommended,231430,12512869,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,hudfer,"Excellent RTS, recommend for all."
,Recommended,231430,12514935,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Alex thine Niggardly Curd,This game is actually very good. Nothing like mowwing down bad guys with other bad guys.
,Recommended,231430,12519483,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Dylan Becker,"I'll have to write a new review once I get the hang of this game, but my initial reaction is a good one. Seems a little confusing to do anything more than the basics for those who are new to the series, like me, but the videos look awesome and i can imagine playing online will be great. For now, I'm just playing the campaign to hone my skills so I don't get squashed. The campaign itself seems a little dull, but maybe that's cause I'm playing on easy."
,Recommended,231430,12519701,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Neveion,"It's not comparible to the first one for the main reason that it's a seperate game all it's own and it is the Eastern Front where the first game is the Western front. I enjoy playing it just as much as I enjoy playing the first one, they each have their own dynamic and their own mechanic in the way it functions. In short if you enjoy WWII RTS games this one is just as much of a must have as the first CoH is"
76561197979095986,Recommended,231430,12520336,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Sgt. Rock,A worthy follow on to a great game.
76561197970793667,Recommended,231430,12520646,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,EW_Björn,More an evolution than an revolution compared to the first one but still one of the best RTS on the market.
,Recommended,231430,12522073,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,FLICK | ChallengeMe.GG,One of the best RTS game I've played so far.
,Recommended,231430,12522835,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Tristan,Love it one of my fav RTS games
,Recommended,231430,12523094,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Kazu,"Oh Its possibly the Best Strategy RTS Game I have ever played to be honest, It heavlily relys on a team mate though and is fun with friends"
76561198134230895,Recommended,231430,12257621,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Definatley not a person,amazing
,Recommended,231430,12259227,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,SilentOption,lots of boom boom
76561198089584062,Recommended,231430,12281263,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Epicstormchaser (Uses WW2 weps),im not really 1977 im realy 2005
76561198023089901,Recommended,231430,12535984,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Vamosramos,I give my vote for this COH2. I've had lots of hours playing for years. I like the german tanks skins look great.I also like the US forces. Keep making WW2 games. Love the action.
76561198035795332,Recommended,231430,12538010,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,The Artist Of War,if you want a strategy game with interesting and good realistic mechanics do for the love of sun tzu. play this game.
,Recommended,231430,12538257,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,danielrockstreet,best strategy game of all time!!! recommended for  all strategy fans!
,Recommended,231430,2994391,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,CrysisDs,After the 1. CoH the best RTS I have played in my life !
76561198046446241,Recommended,231430,12569446,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Famigerado Mindingo,The RTS game WWII I allways dreamed of sinse my chilldhoodO RTS da segunda guerra que eu sempre sonhei des da minha infância
76561198068259142,Recommended,231430,12569587,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Poptart,Freezing your♥♥♥♥♥Off: Conscript Edition 2 is the best simulation game i have played in a while.
76561198094262540,Recommended,231430,12569892,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Code MD,"Pros:Great graphics, even when set much higher than the default settings for my system, almost no lag.It seems easy to understand the gameplay mechanics, although I'm relatively new to RTS games.Elaborate system of units working together and upgrades.The eastern front has a fascinating brutality.Lots of replay value and I guess Multiplayer is good (I prefer SP).Cons:Easy to understand, those mechanics but the tutorial should be more extensive, relies too much on videos.Voice-acting should be much better, it really is bad and immersion-breaking.Soldiers should speak their own language instead of English with a ""German"" of ""Russian"" accent, at least this should be an option for the player to choose."
,Recommended,231430,12571428,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Majestic Sea Captain,Great game big fan since coh1
76561198041861073,Recommended,231430,12571583,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Strike,"It is not like any other stratagey game, because even when the enemy AI is on easy; the game still requires skill."
,Recommended,231430,12571777,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,S4run4s csgoatse.com,An amazing and very realistic Real time strategy game!
,Recommended,231430,12572001,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,@@@@@@@@@@@@@CUCKED@@@@@@@@@@@@@,its good :)
76561197964470093,Recommended,231430,12572010,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,PerfectForeigner,it was not good but is good now because of the patches.
,Recommended,231430,12572366,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Phreakcore,Its good Trust me
,Recommended,231430,12574710,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,|No_ u| Snipefan,"THe first is better then the second from my viewpoint, but its still great."
,Recommended,231430,12575297,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,JoshZeKiller,"BEST GAME EVER, I REALLLY WANT IT FOR FREE but nope, so ITS THE BEST GAME EVER"
76561198005923184,Recommended,231430,12369493,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Ralf,Broken game but fun if ou are a RTS♥♥♥♥♥better than the original CoH and worth it when on sale.
76561198038905023,Recommended,231430,12359675,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Langdon Rolf Oz Chinonso,do i have  to buy company o heroes 2 original to play the theatre of war and campaign
,Recommended,231430,12301521,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Comrade_Silver,"Great game, i did find the first one had better  graphics in my opinion."
76561198112304516,Recommended,231430,12290597,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,xgen_bs06,wow
76561198118771497,Recommended,231430,12290629,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,xi_Dellboy_ix,"brilliant game,if u like wide open maps for bombarding the enemy with countless barages of rockets and mowing down your enemy with a group of soilders manning a mg42 then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,231430,10925525,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MrFusty,Killing Nazis.  Blasting KV1s!  Fun fun fun!
,Recommended,231430,12296081,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,ARMCHA1RGENERAL,"This game caught some flak (See what I did there?) when it launched due to politics and hype, but if you like the original or even RTS games in general, pick this up. It doesn't do much to alter or improve on the original, but I don't think that's a bad thing. It carries over all of the aspects that made the orginal one of the best games in the genre. Intense, realistic, tactical combat. This game is a real challenge to master or even become competent at when it comes to competitive multiplayer. 1v1 multiplayer is balanced very well, but you have to learn your faction's strengths and weaknesses and each of your unit's  strengths and weakness to do well. I have seen no 'cheap' or 'cheesy' strategy, yet, that can't be countered if you react fast enough. Any WW II buff or RTS lover should give this game a chance, just don't get defeated by the learning curve."
76561198060765641,Recommended,231430,12527285,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,FistaCorps420,very fun
76561197996537161,Recommended,231430,12527913,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,HfG≈EaterOfFetus (SR),loads of fun. if u can get it on sale its even better! the multi-player can be kinda hard sometimes and the AI is no joke or higher dificulty. its a great game tho.
76561198009423702,Recommended,231430,25057659,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Lord Ni Gi Gi,Godlike
76561198034052484,Recommended,231430,25028011,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,HaventSeenYouBefore,Caution. This game might get addictive - especially if you find suitable partners to play with...100% would recomend - but patience in learning is obligatory.
,Recommended,231430,25029083,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,SquishyMuffin,I've played enough to say it is a great game overall!
,Recommended,231430,25064103,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,MamaWolf,"My view is mixed with Company of Heroes 2. While I clearly enjoy it enough to play it for over 325 hours, it's one of those games that you can grow tired of playing after awhile. I think that in the realm of WWII RTS's, Company of Heroes stands out as one of the better looking and better playing ones and while I write the review no major RTS in recent times pops to mind as something better.That being said, Company of Heroes 2, espicially in multiplayer, can sometimes make you want to shove Comrade Vasili's head into a wall, over and over again. While Relic has done a good job of continually tweaking balance, sometimes after an update it's a cluster of one particular spam that has been upped in annoyance and/or damage.However, would I recommend this game to someone? Absolutely! It's a great game to play, whether LAN with friends against BOTS or online against other players or single player skirmish. The vanilla campaign is a bit meh but overall this game is great. I recommend purchasing it when it goes on sale again."
76561197975481585,Not Recommended,231430,30848070,Posted: 31 March,all,Sampsap,"Ardennes assault, first mission, objective is to get BAR rack from hq but the icon for that is missing and well thats that then, cant move forward with the mission..."
76561198169904514,Recommended,231430,25046306,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,PrimusPilus,(I'm a sucker for russian stuff so bare with me).I was a little worried about buying this game but it surrpassed all of my expectations and blew me away.gameplay was smoother than prior COH and had more features to tinker with.the only downfall was that fire eats the soul of your PC.
76561198046803827,Recommended,231430,25068456,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Gilzak,"Great game, if you can look past all the blatant moneygrabs and technical issues.Pros:-Fantastic gameplay, generally good balance between the 5 armies-Lovely graphics and sound design, unit responses add depth and a human element to the game-2 good game modes, annihilate and control point-Great winter mechanics, could have been made more of-Decent community-Bloody great fun. Lots of tense moments where you'll sweat through whatever shirt you're wearing and begin screaming at your PC. This is the pretty much the only reason this game gets a positive review. I hate it, but it's just too damn fun.Cons:-Microtransactions. In-game purchases for EVERYTHING. Expensive and useless addons (excluding the army packs, but they're relatively expensive too). For a base game you get two multiplayer races and a good campaign. Everything else has to be either bought or excessively grinded for. In-game currency (supply) next to useless. SEGA has turned this game into a nice fat cash cow, and each update reminds the community even more that we're only good for our money.-Terrible optimization and system requirements. Even those of us with good gaming rigs will struggle to run this game on normal to high graphics. Frequent crashes and occasional lag spikes. If you have a medium to low tier rig, you'll need to be able to put up with a lot of technical rubbish.-Community can be pretty bad sometimes, majority English speakers but not by much (obviously this isn't an issue for non-English speakers). Lots of people who will complain about balance (sometimes with good reason; damn British), and will get pretty insulting when certain tactics or units are used. Generally you can ignore these types of people, but sometimes it can get pretty bad.-Expect lots of useless updates and balancing choices that often feel like the devs only care about the MLG players in the community.-VERY steep learning curve. Unless you're good at strategy games, do NOT even attempt the multiplayer online of this game. Matchmaking is essentially broken, and will regularly put level 3 players against level 100, 3rd prestige players. Git gud fast.Overall I'll still play the hell out of it, because it's bloody good. Seeing what it's turn into in terms of commercialism and typical online grind mechanics hurts for an old Company of Heroes veteran, but I'll recommend it because if you're willing to look past its many flaws, Company of Heroes 2 is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic."
,Recommended,231430,24980705,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,loadedstorm88,"Truly one of the greatest franchises and series I've ever played! There's so many DLC's to choose fromand replay value is well worth the time , awesome job developers!!"
,Not Recommended,231430,13165763,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Allice,"Crash a lot, no updates to fix for so long, not recommend."
,Recommended,231430,24984246,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,[63e] Shirreff101,"Boy oh boy where do I start with this beauty.To start, I love both campaigns be it the very unique ardennes which revolutionises the word expansion or the soviet campaign where I actually feel a connection to my troops and if you have ever played any strategy game, that's really not possible. The maps are also pretty amazing, especially with the blizard mechanic and when it comes to the workshop the maps are even better. I'll be honest with you, what I say now really can't do the game justice it's brilliant I'm giving you the green light to buy it and atleast try it before you buy the overpriced dlcs. Really though, that's the only negative I can find.TLDR: God bless this rts, and god bless those who play it."
76561198307403244,Recommended,231430,24983113,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,universalnuke,amazing game glad my friend told me about it!!!!!!!
,Recommended,231430,14441373,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Pandishi,"Was losing in a match against a friend that was playing as the US Forces. I slowly fell back, saving up my resources before purchasing a King Tiger and 3 supporting Panzers and stormed through his front line to his base to win. 10/10 would blitzkrieg again."
76561198285229097,Recommended,231430,24953330,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Cpt. Anarhil,"Good physics and graphics, really entertaining game. Just a bit of expensive.You want something dead, you call a Tiger. Life motto has been found."
76561198186671923,Recommended,231430,24946679,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Noob : ),"Company of Heroes 2 is a extremely good game , I think it's the model of the RTS games ."
76561198103479304,Not Recommended,231430,24843314,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,[+ENS+ Arrow8D],I finished playing COH1 and couldent wait to play COH2 (this game) and I was disaponted its a fun game but if you are compairing it to COH1 its a really bad game full of pay to win and coustomise content has just killed the game I like how they have added the USSR (Russans) to the game but indoing so they have made the british a DLC witch I think is wrong they havent even botherd adding the Japanese Empire even thew DLC and the worst part only two campains the Russans and american But the american campain is DLC for £15 I think and in the Russans campain you only get 14 missions. the first game is mutch better NO PAY TO WIN for a start three campains American with 20+ missions British with 9 missions and German with 8 missions and if you got the DLC for COH1 you also get a bonuse 9 and you can Also get a free mod for the game called the great war 1988 witch add world war one units buildings and other WW1 stuff so COH2 is a good game but like I said its a bad game comparing it to COH1 so if you want to get a Good world war 2 RTS game with a good campain that last get COH1 and if you dont care to mutch about what I have to say and are going to get thisgame anyway well at lest wait until its on sale for half price. Also this game although dose have a  controles menu for some resion its hidden and not in the options menu however you cant rebind the controles there is a totorial but its more of a campain mission than a totorial lacking to show you the controls and how the rotate the camra and stuff
,Recommended,231430,24924255,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,MaverickOrig,"I don't play PvP, but the comp stomp option of multi-player is good, with the occasional clueless ally that cannot handle an initial loss of most of their initial push.Please learn to use cover against the AI people."
76561198243563220,Recommended,231430,24939686,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Wódka polska,10/10 slavs do the job well
76561198093818222,Recommended,231430,24765752,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,ICriEvriTim,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, Rush B...erlin!"
76561198113240926,Recommended,231430,24774073,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Not Enough Gold,♥♥♥♥ Panzer Ⅳ.
76561198021600800,Not Recommended,231430,24782651,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Antdung,Brilliant if you play it with a Mod sush as Spearhead.Garbage otherwise.
76561197981195373,Recommended,231430,14196001,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Jaeger,"I always loved Command and Conquer: Generals and World War II themed games. But never played a good mix of both. Played a free-weekend of this a while ago and didn't like it. Last sale, it had a good discount, so why not give it a shot again? And boy, am I glad I did it!This game is exactly what I would expect of a modern RTS title.Pros:-4 Factions that differ from each other-Great graphics, sound and voice acting-Well designed gameplay and maps-World War II-Western Front DLC is more like an expansion pack, so it is kinda worth its priceCons:-A bit too much DLC (commanders)-To play the other 2 factions (Oberkommando West and US Forces) you must buy their respective DLC-Can be a little intimidating for people who are new to RTS or aren't that used to playing it. Although a little practice is all that it takes.Overall, a great game. It has been a long time since I've played a RTS title that was very enjoyable. I didn't regret a single cent spent on this. Here's hoping for more ""Western Front sized"" content to come out in the future..."
76561198061354625,Recommended,231430,11772533,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,ϟϟ-Obersturmbannführer Skorzeny,My favorite RTS game! the best of the best.
76561198035273906,Recommended,231430,14170895,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Yakov Kuebler,"This game over the years has developed into something beautiful. The graphics give or take are pretty good, population caps can exceed 500 and no lag. In file world builder also allowes users to create and play their own maps. The story line is great and really shows you the surrealism that this game provides all campaign levels are based off of real battles that occured, it changed my perspective of early 1940's up to late 1950's great game over all. And now with steam workshop support the game never gets boring wither you are downloading the magic carpet skins or the new commanders and units this game provides hours of fun!"
,Recommended,231430,2386545,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,TheRealRazgriz,"My initial feelings on this game were negative but have changed, as the direction this game is going in have changed and has the opportunity to be the biggest RTS on steam.The competative multiplayer scene just needs to be given the tools to grow, replay tools, spectators, and other things that allow for a more active community. If these types of tools are released I could easily see this being the best RTS on steam. Period.Company of Heroes 2 is quite frankly a refined rendition of the first, and with the addition of the US forces, is even more so defined. I have no problem with this, although I hate to see the Brits left out.Either way CoH2 takes what 1 did and tries to do it better, and in so many ways has. Units seek cover and target units intelligently, just like in the first, but it feels like to the next level. Hoping over obstacles, taking cover, even abilities that cater to this. Combat feels more fluid, it feels fresh in every engagement. I feel like CoH1 didn't have that freshness to every encounter in the same way CoH2 does it. This game could be big, and I am going to support it witth the hope that the game grows into the game I want and know it can be. Relic has a great history with RTS games, this is their chance to take it to the next level. Steam already has Dota 2, Counter Strike, and Team Fortress 2, the biggest MOBA, FPS, and F2P on PC, will they do the same with RTS? Can they compete with Blizzard's StarCraft? I think so. I hope so.9/10. Thank God they got rid of all the Pay Abilities/Commanders. Wise choice. Random drops is the way to go."
,Recommended,231430,14160556,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,OceameTh,"Company of Heroes has come a long way since its precursors such as A Bridge to Far and Close Combat. These were good games back then and CoH franchise offer excellent games now. Unlike most games where sequels tend to dissapoint (Starcraft2 comes to mind), Company of Heroes 2 is not merely a graphical 'facelift' of the old game you played not that long ago, nor did the developers veer away from the essentials that made you wish you were rather playing the old game. They stayed true to the genre and improved many details that makes Company of Heroes a sterling WW2 RTS. This games dominates the market as the best experience of its kind, there simply are no comparatives."
76561198139097696,Recommended,231430,14244325,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,wildsparten,I think they should make the marines in japan that would be amazing but they dont listen to the community so. But if you guys would make that that would be an epic game !!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197995797761,Recommended,231430,13488664,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,sluo,"It is different compared to CoH 1, but you get used to it. After a while you realise, that you are totally addicted to it."
76561197994005597,Recommended,231430,10816152,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Solen'ya,"Awesome game, an upgrade from the last one. The campaign is so-so, but the multiplayer is amazing."
76561198022389166,Recommended,231430,10816196,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,whataboutsteve,"GET THIS GAME AND GIVE IT TO OL' JERRY GOOD AND HARD, OLD BOY!"
76561198078770016,Recommended,231430,10818764,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,chapleaustin,i cant play the campaign even tough i bought the game and even some DLCs for it. Every time i go to  the campaign screen it keeps on telling me that i need to buy it.
76561197963531126,Recommended,231430,10819217,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,|Race|,Great RTS Requires lots of GPU power
76561197969363920,Recommended,231430,10819676,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Desert Fox,"It's not the first game, but it damn sure is fun once you figure out what to expect from the units and the maps.With plenty of community made maps (I'm looking at you classic CoH maps!) and more added every day it seems, I am glad that I can enjoy CoH again!The Western Front Armies are all but necessary as of now to really have a true chaotic battle! So many diffirent unit combos! Combined arms on the tactical level done well!Thanks Relic!"
76561198060665226,Recommended,231430,10890375,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Munk,great fun
,Recommended,231430,2267255,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Salatm,"If you liked the first or even hated company of heroes, you'll love this one."
,Recommended,231430,2317970,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,Dhampyr,Dope
,Recommended,231430,10970722,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Tosta,This game is a great follow up to the first installment. hope they get to do a vietnam edition.
,Recommended,231430,10974585,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,babydragon0123,The game is so good. I like theater of war mode while i can play with my friend. This game also has some fuction from COH online so the battle is more exciting. Recommend this GAME!!!!!!!
76561198008892614,Recommended,231430,9274471,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,DJ MAD69,Really great world war 2 strategy game!!
,Recommended,231430,10810718,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,AusteN,Great game!
76561198051882801,Recommended,231430,10859725,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,look at this fuckin guy,"Are you in RU?I am, come and join me comrade"
,Recommended,231430,10861045,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,:),Pure ownage.
76561198017789641,Recommended,231430,10837270,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,snowman18brian,"Great game, keeps me entertained for hours! The recent update was the icing to the cake! A great game is now better!"
,Recommended,231430,10838568,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,MrGoodGreen,An absolute blast of a game!
,Recommended,231430,30481969,Posted: 12 March,all,FinnThePotato,"I bought this game mainly because i missed WWII games, and I needed something to scratch that itch. The online portion of the game is far from perfect, the story is okay, and the graphics are pretty good, but the best part of this game in my opinion is the combat. Overall 8/10, would recommend."
76561198056352983,Recommended,231430,10864807,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Cpt.Dankey,i would reccomend to the stratergy fans out there very fun
,Recommended,231430,10904596,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Baconbomb,RTS in ww2. Can it be any better?
76561198044952860,Recommended,231430,11239856,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Spooky Mulder,"From the engineers with flamethrowers to the mighty king tiger and the powerful sync errors, this game is pure gold.[Warning]: Not suitable to play in potatos"
76561198076638859,Recommended,231430,11240921,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Senator Armstrong,gvgcfghdcfgtrhd
,Recommended,231430,11244623,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,sereje,'s okayish. :D
,Recommended,231430,30482768,Posted: 12 March,all,-=[ZeVa]=-Legio IX Hispana,great game lots of worth getting
,Recommended,231430,11229686,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Bolshevik,"Do not buy this game. The ""heroes"" are nazis and commies. Also you have to pay to play as America, the sole winner of WW2.0/1776"
76561198094011951,Recommended,231430,11230116,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Koov,GREAT DLC!! It is lacking in a couple fields though i have been a avid fan of company of heros two for along time now but the only thing that came as a suprise with this dlc is where is the missions.  I love playing Theater of War with my friends why riot why. but other the that grat job guys as always beautiful!!!
,Recommended,231430,11234680,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Josh,"I love this game. There is a wealth of content to be played solo, and with friends (or strangers, in my case), hundreds of hours of single player action, and hundreds more of multiplayer, and hundreds more in DLC packages and workshop add ons. You can play this game forever, and never have the same experience twice. Twich broadcasting built in is a major plus! My only complaint is there's no mic communicaiton in multiplayer. Really?"
76561198016954188,Recommended,231430,11238224,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,SAM[svk],hard to master ;)
76561198096339833,Recommended,231430,11238811,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,IR_K!NG TIGER,love this game.got even better with western front armies. :)
,Recommended,231430,11011785,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Aggressive Octopus,Fantastic game. The gameplay is fun and the Campaign does a good job of showing just how dickish the Soviet command was during WWII. The new Western Front expansion is also really good. I'd recommend this to anyone who likes strategy games.
76561198008324760,Recommended,231430,11016117,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,XenofoR,Fantastic fast-paced game that will keep you on the edge of your seat as you struggle to make the right tactical decisions
76561198081133630,Recommended,231430,11016777,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Valkyrie,"An amazing game, however tha AI can be a bit too predictable and easy to counter, for example, the AI always uses mortar units extensively, but never protects them, making them easy targets and allowing you to practically roll over them. Overall. the campaign in particular is done extremely well and it is a well designed muliplayer game as well"
76561198014660887,Recommended,231430,11017204,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Buzzn Wit Ur Cuzzn,What a game
,Recommended,231430,11017665,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Fenris Silverfang,"I must admit that Coh2 is one of the games that has frustrated me a lot in the past but comming back to it after some big updates and the addition of 2 new factions it feels a lot more fair than it was before.Coh2 is a really entertaining strategy game and the intensity of the combat and the sounds wonderfully going with it make it a really outstanding experience to me that I simply had to return to.Some people might argue that the game still is a pay 2 win game as there are commanders that grant access to special abilities which are quite powerful that you can buy. However, you do unlock a lot of comms during your normal play and not everyone just rolling around with a fancy commander also knows how to use them to their fullest potential, skill is essential and knowing what to counter best with what other unit. It can be a tad random at times where you might just find yourself a bit out of luck seeing a unit of yours miss more than it should, but it overall usualy equals out one way or the other.I also read up that the game now drops you commanders and skins during play, including those that were only obtainable via purchase, so if you stick with it you might find yourself enjoying it a lot more than before.To talk quickly about the 2 new factions , US and West germany are a very nice addition and especially west germany seems like a very interesting one that resembles how the british used to be in coh1. They use a variety of trucks to be set up at forward bases, including one that mounts a oversized cannon on its back and can actually defend itself. W-germany also features a few neat units that I always liked including the jadgpanzer4 and puma. The US play out quite nicely and its mainly that their tanks are a nice addition to the russian lineup, adding some more firepower on tracks to their side which I feel they really needed. Before you ask , yes cross faction play is enabled and russians and US can be on the same team.Overall it seems to me the game is actually improving a good lot and theres some things which are a step in the right direction. Hoping they continue with that."
,Recommended,231430,11017975,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,MagicBurrito,"This is my favorite RTS right now. Great graphics, gameplay is fantastic, sounds are great. I love how the men will have conversations and complain about things going on. The impact/explosion effects are spectacular. Highly recommend it if you enjoy strategy games. Very fun."
76561198006205001,Recommended,231430,11018205,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Shanigen,You shot Russians as GermansAnd as Russians you shot Russians too10/10 historical accuracy
76561198082729191,Recommended,231430,11005534,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,williamholly,its aiiiiiiiiiiighttttttt
,Recommended,231430,11006366,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mouse of Pain,"This is a mini review which basically lays out the pros and cons of this game, the way I see it.The Pros• New units• Fats paced compared to the first• Fun maps• Customization• Good in-game browser• Decent matchmaking systemThe Cons• Imbalanced• Pay to win• The winter feautre blows• Campaign mode is too short and way too easy, even on General levelI would recommend the game, but only when on sale. Wouldn't pay more the £10 for it"
76561198009902877,Not Recommended,231430,22309078,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Stompy,The original better
76561197993996148,Recommended,231430,22317122,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,⎝👽⎠,"this RTS game is by far one of the best RTS avaible togeder with starcraft2. It have good storyline and good gameplay,this game  is a high quality product, but it have some bad sides, is very expensive to get all expansions, i think is +130€, multiplayer pvp is not the best, playable but not the best, balance between factions is bad, and the final negative thing I see is the microtransactions, yes you can only buy skins but also commanders, wich means the one who have best commander overall will always win.Overall good game, the microtransactions are not that bad anyway, and you can relax and play multiplayer games with serveral ppl against the AI, and the max dificulty of AI is hard to beat."
,Not Recommended,231430,22049823,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,CPU - Very Easy,commander DLC makes it pay to win
,Recommended,231430,21856257,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,GigabyteGaming,"My first game was 1v1 with AI Easy and won the match with Stuart Tank, this game is easy to learn, difficult to master.Overall this is a good game and the best RTS of World War II, I would recommend to buy Company of Heroes 2: Master Collection, see you in the game, good luck and have fun."
76561198035280670,Not Recommended,231430,21976780,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Saber,"This... THIS game, i have a love hate realtionship with this game. in the trailers for the Oberkommando West and for the American expasion it showed you could deploy more tanks and field more infnatry. but after about a few more patches and what felt like nutering all the western armies (i.e the germans, americans, and the British) and keeping the one Eastern Army the Russians just as they were when the game launched. a friend of mine and myself have spent a consirdriable amount of hours playing the AI and the Campaign only to find that our favorite factions the German armies and the American Amry, have been considerably nutered for ""balance""Historicaly the German army fielded two tigers just in case one of them broke down, also in the trailer for the Oberkommando you can see more Tigers. before a patch in later November(?) the Oberkommando could field any amount of King Tigers, now in the current state the game is broken, the Russians could over power a combined army of German, British and American armies if you faced them off against each other. that in itself is inaccurate to history. granted the Russians pushed the German army back into Berlin, but it was the fault of the commanders, if a capable leader of the German army was in command in World War 2 we would see a different history. I digress it is nethier here or there. point is Russian tanks could not stand up to German Panzers. anyway moving on.Now after my long grip and complaint about this game is over, is it worth buying, short answer. No. if you enjoy a World War 2 RTS  get the first one with the Eastern Front free DLC i think it is a mod. or get the Tales of Valor CoH which is the best out of the expainson, so skip this game save your money and maybe tell Relic to find a new handler other than SEGA, CoH 2 was a good game at launch now its just a sad state"
76561198046786762,Recommended,231430,22025209,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,{EURR}Zenris,Well thought out Campaign as well as Epic Multiplayer battles!
,Recommended,231430,22025352,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,blackbird43210,COH = BEST
76561198263112554,Recommended,231430,22053831,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,lentsteak,the game is good with the right pc
,Recommended,231430,22015597,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Pol,"I am a big fan of close combat, I find the history boring because in belgium the education bout it is damn overkill.....Still close combat made it tactical and strategic......I feel like company of heroes tries to do the same, succeeds in it but tries to rush non npc's.Ikr the russian did rly rush the germans, in some battles even the allied did, but this is a game not getting over a historical defeat or win.So in other words, i miss the more elaborate preparation time from close combat and ofc also the actually very realistic cover bonus it had, unlike this company of heroes, based on allied troops diyng....Just why i made the comparison,  close combat  was way more realistic in battle, this is way more in amount of troops."
,Not Recommended,231430,22011760,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Gorge Michael,$ega ca$hgrabs like crazy
,Recommended,231430,22010888,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Maddog,Only Bought the Brit forces thinggg
76561198005409474,Not Recommended,231430,22044849,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,salthorse5093,"Ironically one has to play this game in order to know how much potential of this game is wasted by relic's team after the THQ drama.Only buy this when it is below $15 and only if you are ready to be poisoned by user-interfering vehicle pathing, poorly designed hotkey system, server lag, pay to win dlc contents, poorly-optimized performance, sync hackers and nationalist pigs on the internet.Otherwise stay away from this game, Xcom 2 or even dice's souless battlefront can provide much more entertaining experience without you spending time complaining in bugsplat."
76561198005894174,Recommended,231430,27550077,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tristens,very nice game
76561198014376066,Recommended,231430,27556112,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,WhimWhamShazam,A great world war two real time strategy game. Buy it on sale and you'll have a great time for many hours.
76561198050094213,Recommended,231430,27517190,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SciLenT,Fantastic competitive RTS
76561198096431930,Recommended,231430,27898389,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,jerome_teh,One of the best game I have ever played
76561198021397761,Recommended,231430,27896087,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,higgins868,The COH 2 is fun and I keep coming back to play.
76561198121313900,Recommended,231430,27934096,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jager_Grimm,"If you are looking for a 'in the boots and in the minds' experience, then buy this game. Oh and turn your graphics/volume up.For any true fan of RTS and this era of history."
76561198096839618,Recommended,231430,27968526,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,t4l3n0,"I always late going for class, just because 1 more round of this game at late night"
,Recommended,231430,1467654,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,mOHk,позор! shame!
76561198015086680,Recommended,231430,27743853,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,lochridge43,Best Game Ever only game that even comes close is the original Company of Heroes!
,Recommended,231430,2330899,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,=[W1d0wM4k3R]=,Greatest anal♥♥♥♥♥♥of human history...But still best in its genrehttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2m4SCUaBHS8
76561197996312281,Recommended,231430,9125428,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,stubin,"I don't know why everyone is constantly complaining about this game, it is nice addition to the franchise that approaches it from a different angle.You're right, it's not the same. It doesn't have to be. I loved the first series and am enjoying my time so far with this one!Update: 2.5 years later and this game has cerainly eclisped its original!"
76561198015919572,Recommended,231430,27606609,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tinikoz,One of the best strategy games ever played. Can't wait for the sequel.
,Recommended,231430,27756588,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,{terror APARREL} TheMoosenRifle,Great Game 10/10
,Recommended,231430,27621115,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PatFenis,"Most Salt indoucing game I have ever played, 10/10 would cry again"
76561197984634859,Recommended,231430,27656613,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,InErdAndrOId,Great RTS - fun and challenging.
76561198061035154,Recommended,231430,27652807,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Don't touch me,Excellent game
,Recommended,231430,27741536,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sone,This game will sometimes make you cry. Occasionally it will make you doubt intelligence of your friends. Rarely it will anger you to stop playing and break some of your externalities. But it is great addition to your library and will probably pay off. I guess some 100 hours more and this game payed off for me :)
76561198042690184,Recommended,231430,27578287,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The_Burning_Ace,"Company of Heroes 2 is a game that keeps giving, every match, and mission is different. The developers who gave us the first Company of Heroes didn't hold back and gave us an even better WWII strategy game that we all wanted and that thos who love history, and gaming can both enjoy"
,Recommended,231430,27547950,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lars S-H,KRIEG!!!
,Not Recommended,231430,27586113,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jeffreyson,Poor people stay away from this game.
76561197993417055,Recommended,231430,27584799,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CL0NE,"This is still one of the best WWII Strategy Games around, Single player has been vastly improved from launch and is well worth the pick up now."
,Recommended,231430,27561153,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Logan,One of the best RTS games i have ever played.
76561198071554326,Recommended,231430,27912967,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,RedZor | C2G,cool game
76561197967871732,Recommended,231430,27911285,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Basshunter,Good game
76561198024070074,Recommended,231430,27908707,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Svabenda90,Get ready to be the next strategy commander.
,Recommended,231430,27836930,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kirk \\ EmperoR [ TK ],Lots of fun even if you're♥♥♥♥♥♥like me
,Recommended,231430,27781720,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,OneNemesis25,Problem is there are some units that are overpowerd but the devs are slowly working with the community tot fix this. but this is one of the best strategy game.
76561198045814582,Recommended,231430,27947457,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Wup4,Not much to say. Probably one of the best RTS games ever made
76561198007266163,Recommended,231430,13288176,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,matthew,Best Strategy World War II  game PERIOD!
76561198104479657,Recommended,231430,13289536,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,ashtonwilson22,"BY FAR. the best game I've ever played. You must really respect World War II themed games to understand the maps and units. I have it, my cousins have it, and my friends have it. The only downside to the game is that there is sometimes lag which is very frustrating. However, this game can be bought on sale, when it goes on sale, get it!"
76561198040376811,Recommended,231430,13290307,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,ZombieKoolaid,This game is one of my go to relaxation war sims.  I recommend it to any body who is ready for a good challenge!
76561197999961559,Recommended,231430,13264440,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,IWumboUWombo,"This game is just the best. You will spend hours trying and hoping to get warspoils, only to be disapointed. Be prepared to get a bunch of duplicate rare spoils that are completely worthless to you.Trade your spoils with friends you ask? I think not!!Get more spoils for playing harder teams or leveling up? Hells no.Get spoils for teams you arent even playing as? Ding Ding Ding we have a winner.Honestly though, it is probably the single worst leveling system I have ever seen in a game. Warespoils are so broken and they need to be changed."
76561198063809231,Recommended,231430,13264607,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Mantequilla,"Great RTS style strategy game, set in World War 2 this games has an enjoyable campaign that really captures the feel and grittiness of the war. The game is a blast to play, with many of the vehicles being customizable (excluding commander only vehicles) and the ability to choose a commander that will give you certain set bonuses overtime. For example some commanders are more oriented towards infantry. So they might have a perk that gives foot soldiers faster run speed and then there can also be ones that allow you to call in troops such as royal guardsmen. Of course these perks and abilitys change whether you use a commander that is more oriented toward infantry, vehicles or support. There are two factions that you can play as (excluding the DLC factions) The Soviets And the Wehrmacht. That both differentiate greatly from each other, The Soviets embody the term manpower for there is strength in numbers. You will be able to throw out mass amounts of soldiers early on. While the Whehrmacht call in for a more heavy hitter kind of playstyle. They have large tanks that makes a soviet tank look like a toy poodle. But once The Wehrmacht gets far in the game they will be able to start mass production on tanks. And that is why I think this is a great game and a great RTS."
76561197976399142,Recommended,231430,19163577,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Ol_OneNut,Great fun!
,Recommended,231430,19560254,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,PortCalibre2012,"Initially, I was skeptical about the game, about how the gameplay was and the control of the fraction and its unit. But all changed when I purchased the game and its DLC. What interest me the most was the upgrading of the ""ERA"" to which the base was started off initially when the game started. The upgrading was relatively simple and quick. The command and control of the units for all fraction was good, especially in areas where you can have multiple units line up in formation and what was interesting was the formation formed was by tank types (not sure if I was lucky that the tanks happens to form up by type or it is possible) but nevertheless, game play was smooth and AI difficulty was reasonable. It probably one game which I am stuck playing on and on and on....."
76561198001992940,Recommended,231430,19270967,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,viking,"If you buy this game on sale, like it is now... I think it's reasonable despite all the add on payment stuff. I love the tactical and realism to it. Reminds me of the close combat series, but being a 3D model with of course the updated graphics. For the 14 missions, plus the 4 operations, I think it's worth the coin. My only disappointment is that the add-ons aren't on Mac :o("
,Recommended,231430,19280681,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Ho-KongouTeaTime,"An amazing addition to the Company of Heroes series, COH2 is the continuation of the World War II RTS that we've all been waiting for."
76561198009655453,Recommended,231430,19280912,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,T.Olsen,"A good, soild fun game !!"
76561198107214969,Recommended,231430,19260729,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Santa ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),It has a bit of a learning curve for beginners but trust me its so much fun once you learn how to play there are diffrent commanders that you pick then in battle and each commander is unique in their own way as in they have diffrent units that they can call off and abilities you get 3 commanders to choose from which you can swap out as you unlock them this game is not for the campain its mainly for multiplayer the russian campain is kinda stupid because all it shows are mainly the bad things about the russian army during WWII in the first company of heroes game it shows the americans fighting bravely at d-day on the very first mission but here not so much so do i recommend this game? yes by all means  if you like RTS games then this is a for sure good buy there are plenty of guides out there for beginners there are also plenty of mods  and dlcs if youre interested there is also a world builder so players can upload their maps that they create to steam workshop well if i went over all the features of this game i would be here all night cant recommend this enough!
76561198064392963,Recommended,231430,19276823,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,lilveggie,reasons why i cutt34 rushbritish everythingmg spam
76561198137727400,Recommended,231430,19289056,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,[JAM] kingconc11,This game is very beginner hostile but once you get past that it is actually a very fun game.None of the Companys are op that is just because people are actually getting the best use out of them.People always base reviews on games about the extra purchases that can be made and that is why this game has very mixed opinions. i love this game and that is why my review is positive.
76561198076863161,Recommended,231430,19290936,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,darth.xman,a very good game possibly even better than the first
76561197966149410,Recommended,231430,18785111,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ENiGMA-VisionRSA,"When this game came out it had very limited content and I agree that it was about 80%. It was still fun, but the just the Wehrmacht and Soviet forces gave it a shallow and repetitive experience. Some time has passed and the game has an extra 3 armies now each of with is unique in its own way. Because of this now there is so much content which is well balanced that the game has become this masterpiece of tactical warfare.I really recommend playing this game online and not to judge it by the campaign, because I spent about 1% of my game time in the campaign and online matches are brilliant.Also, this is the only RTS which is worth its salt where cover does matter, i.e. you can send your squads to take cover or occupy building which gives you a tactical advantage. Most other RTSs the units just shoot each other with fixed damage if they are in range. This is what makes COH2 the best RTS at the moment and an incredibly fun experience."
,Recommended,231430,19470504,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Col_Hogan,Loving this new British Expansion..
,Recommended,231430,19470746,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,ayy lmao,I'm a bit iffy on this review because I don't like all the microtransactions in COH2. But it is a worthy successor to COH with a lot of great improvements to the original engine and improved gameplay mechanics. If you're looking for an RTS that anyone can get into check this out. (esspecially if it's on sale!)
76561198098716504,Recommended,231430,19466150,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,ΜΟΛΩΝ ΛΑΒΕ,Very good game.Fun gameplaygreat dlcsgreat multiplayerwould rate 10/10
76561198030535102,Recommended,231430,19480619,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Shallvve?,Do i enjoy the game?Yep. but there is one reason that i really have a bad feeling to COH2 is DLC. You need to buy DLC to play more map and unlock more army to play.Sad for games nowaday.
76561198068133001,Recommended,231430,19470473,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,CPT. Jack Aubrey,"The best WW2 RTS game, hands down.  I have played others, which are fun and ""ok.""  COH is a step above.  The interface is very neat, finding your troops and moving them quickly is simple, you can upgrade units, it's easy to see the unit stats and when building units, it's easy to tell what the unit capabilities are.  This game is polished, and that is part of what sets it apart."
76561198006996207,Recommended,231430,19380693,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,blam718,"I bought it on sale, got the franchise package for $24.99 compared to $99.99. So far I love the game, but I have all the armies except the British. Also I noticed it didn't include Ardennes Assault which is sort of a bummer. The campaign was awsome, cool story line, really nice RTS game. I could see if you really like the game, buying more stuff, which sort of sucks but if its on sale go for it! Lots of fun.Edit: I gave in and bought the rest of the DLC, while it was on sale! Great game loads of fun."
,Recommended,231430,19395201,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,★ Crunch Wrap Jewpreme,"Soviet Vodka Vodka Tank Unit charges enemy machine gun. Vodka Vodka dies, sends ten more tanks.That about sums up the Soviets."
76561198067582744,Recommended,231430,19408272,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Bentzkast,"GOOD game, pretty similar DLC practice with the first(they called it expansion), with addition of the commander.Solid Multiplayer gameplay, normal multiplayer community,There always complaint about balance, sometimes true but mostly losing rage. some performance issue, i personal never had those.Some say bad policy, but they should realized than there more horrible company, YES I KNOW sega also BAD but there other more WORSE, its good enough there big budget publiser still looking into RTS because there genre will be forgoten without them as i hate to admit.IN CONCLUSION BUY WHEN SALE, IF YOU LIKE WW2 RTS."
76561198168048510,Recommended,231430,19407883,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,late gamer,NICE
