user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,232090,32259526,Posted: 7 June,all,Trar [99th Calzones],"Honestly, it's good. It's a nice blasty shootmonster game for people with decent computers. Athough it doesn't outright replacethe original game(it's still too much the same to) it's a solid and faithful sequel - to the point where it too gets repetitive after prolonged play. Even if everything is shinier and faster, it still keeps to the KF spirit.It's notquiiiiiteas tactical as the first game, since the pace of gameplay is quite faster and the maps are generally narrower. It is however much, much smoother and pleasing to the eye, as they traded the grimy, groundhouse horror aesthetic of the first game for a more shiny, sci-fi look. Every character has a unique voice now too, and there's actually more characters who aren't stodgy, corny British men this time around.People kvetched about cosmetic items and crates when they were first introduced but they're not really a problem; you can ignore them, or you can buy a couple cheap items off the community market that suit your fancy...or you can buy keys and open crates. Hey, game development isn't cheap anymore.There's two things I could really complain about. The Survivalist perk is supposed to be a jack-of-all-trades, but it isn't really that good as a result. They also reuse assets on multiple maps, which would be fine if the game wasn't aiming to be so detailed, because said assets don't fit every map they're in. Italian warning signs in a Texian embassy, Danish banners pleading for help in the middle of Paris, that sort of thing. Still, developers Tripwire Interactive are committed to supporting and expanding the game for years to come, so I can overlook one or two relatively minor mistakes."
,Recommended,232090,32283929,Posted: 8 June,all,Some heavy main,The Floor still posses no threat and thus cannot be killed
,Recommended,232090,17627821,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Judex Ignis,"As a fan of the original Killing Floor mod and stand alone game-this feels like a pure upgrade.Let me just put the pros and cons up for people who might wanna buy it.Lets kick it off with PROS:-Some of the best feeling guns ive used in a while.The sound is perfect, the looks are just sexy and the pure carnage they spit out is amazing.-Enviorment is as good as it gets. Nothing better than walking into a dark room and wondering if youre going to get murdered or not.-Ranking up actually matters now. You can recieve perks which make you a killing machine.- The visual overhaul of all the enemies brings a breath of fresh air to every single enemy we face.- The zeds actually evolve as the difficulty goes up. They become a pleasure to watch as they move...from the moment they spawn, right to the moment when you blow their limbs off.- The G.O.R.E. system. A.K.A. the ""blow every piece of the zeds body off"" system. A true masterpiece.- General update to KF1.- I am sure ive missed a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of things but you get my flow.And now sadly-CONS:- Class balance isn't that great at the moment. A support character can easily mow down tons of enemies with the AA12, while most other classes don't have that ability...YET.- Sprinting could be faster than it currently is. It gets the job done, but if i was running from something with a chainsaw for an arm...I'd be running faster. And probably s*****g my pants a little as well.- I am out of cons.♥♥♥♥♥♥Friendly reminders:-The game is still in EARLY ACCESS, so a very little part of its content is live at the moment.- Its better to have 20 weapons that funcion well and aren't glitching out, than 100 weapons that are literally as broken as they get. Same goes for maps.- Don't whine about the slow updates. None of the people who whine know how tough programming is.Definately recomment buying the game."
,Recommended,232090,15478891,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Zeta,"+ Improved FPS mechanics from RO2 onwards+ Melee combat completely reworked (somewhat in the vein of Chivalry)As a Berserker with 37+ mil exp (and 700+ KF1 hours in total), even this small selection of KF2's new features were everything I could have wanted from a KF sequel and more.It's pretty telling of the industry when a Beta (with a currently modest amount of content) feels more substantial and polished than most of the ""AAA"" games of last year."
,Recommended,232090,15485160,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,enyo,"Return of the Patriarch + Microtransaction thoughts below the review!It's been a long time coming, and was it worth the wait?Oh yes, it was.Ilovedthe first Killing Floor, so I was very excited to see a second one. While I normally do not buy into these early access titles, how could I say no to Tripwire?So, let's get started.The GameplayAt the writing of this review, there is currently 4 classes with about 4 weapons for each, as well as a few off-perk weapons like the Katana or the Flamethrower. You can useANYweapon at any time, just like the first. The weapon you use will give you points for that class, so say you have a medic pistol with a commando rifle? You will be able to rack up points for medic using the healing function whilst using the rifle to earn yourself the commando points. ZED time is still prominant, and it is so, so satisfying. The visuals will run into a sin-city like look, with only red standing out amongst the black, gray and white filtered backgrounds and characters. Most weapons have a reasonably large amount of kick, but this further emphasizes the need to have trigger discipline.What makes it different from the first?At the moment, you can see the obvious. The graphics upgrade, the animations, and of course the enviroment designs. However, in this game there are tons of small things that all compile into what sets this game apart. You can shoot out lights, blood is persistent, and there areTONSof different animations, both for players and zeds. Enemies flinch when shot, and it varies heavily on what weapon you are using. Shooting a clot in a shoulder with a pistol will only make him flinch a tiny bit, but upping the ante and shooting him in the chest with a rifle will cause him to violently flail backwards and nearly lose his balance. You can shoot off several parts of their body, head wounds will start small and slowly wear their flesh away until there is only a meaty remnant that looks nothing like what it once did until that satisfying head pop. Everything, and I meanEVERYTHINGfeels much more alive and less clunky than the first, from the reload animations to the death animations.Should you buy into it?At it's current state, it's hard to say. You will get 4 perks and limited weaponry, with only 3 maps to spare. As it stand, there is much more content in the first game. However, if you buy into the early access, you are not only supporting Tripwire, but you give yourself a chance to watch this game bloom. You get to experience a game that has lots of love in it, and you can see that Tripwire cares about this game. Yes, it has bugs. Yes, there are glitches. No, there is no buyers remorse from me. If you expect a full game, you may want to lower your expectations, but this is certainly not a bad way to start off a early access game.The CharactersWow. You have about 10 characters at the moment, including a female one. These characters are all unique, and have their own voices. They will talk aLOT, and this is not a bad thing. They will call out ammo, kevlar, and weapons. They will talk to each other with idle banter whilst you're shopping at the trader, and they will also pitch a few jokes. There are a few stereotypes, but it adds to the quirky and goofy traits they all have, and they even have things you can add to them, like gas masks or face masks. You can also change their clothing colour, hair colour and a few other neat features absent in the first game.The ZedsThere are 3 different clots, and so far I don't see much of a difference between them. However, they behave much like the same game, spare their animations. They will oftentimes hold you just as that gorefast is charging, or the fleshpound is roid raging. The gorefasts move fast, and are tall hulks that you do NOT want to get close to. The siren is short and blends into groups, often hiding behind clots or bigger enemies. The stalkers are nearly invisible, and are disturbingly quiet. The skrakes and fleshpounds make roars when they enter, that strikes that scene of ""oh no"" into you. And the final boss is HARD. This game makes the zeds feel more alive than ever, and I love every second of it.My final thoughtsAll in all, this game is a newborn. It shows promise, and it has loving parents, as Tripwire has shown itself to be. I can see this game becoming just as, if not more, of a classic game as the first one. The game feels much smoother, much faster paced, and it has a few moments in it that will make you jump and scream when that clot turns you around and holds onto you as a fleshpound is nearing you. I would highly reccomend this, even to those who like to wait to see if early access games grow at all. Time will tell, but I firmly believe in Tripwire.8/10, at it's current state, with the only thing bringing it down is the lack of weaponry and classes, however both of which have been promised to have their numbers bolstered, so this review will be updated as the game grows.Return of the PatriarchWell, this has been interesting. A new class, an in-game store, skins and crates all kind of thrown all in. Maybe I haven't been playing this game enough, but I'm going to change that. So, with that said, let's move on.The PatriarchI'll just say right off the bat that this guy isn't as tough as I thought he would be. His attack range isn't as amazing on easier difficulties and will generally tend to focus on the group rather than a single person, making his kill potential relatively lower than Hans. He still uses his signature stimpacks to survive after a certain amount of damage is taken, and still only has three. It seems with each one he takes, the health he gains is less than before, which doesn't make him insanely strong. However, he cloaks a lot more often than the Patriarch from the first game, but is also extremely loud when he moves, making it relatively easy to pinpoint a location as a non-commando player. Furthermore, just because he is easier, does not mean he is not fun to play against. I have had countless laughs against the Patriatch with friends from his sometimes erratic behavior and his obsession with getting right in your face before unlcoaking. I believe he could do with some buffing, though, to bring him a bit more onto terms with Hans.GunslingerA pistol enthusiasts dream, what more could you want? The Gunslinger has a wide array of weapons, though this is mostly because every weapon he can buy has a dial wield function. Two deagles, revolvers, or 1911's? Oh, the choices. He is a relatively mobile class that enjoys the benefits of being able to harvest weak zeds very easily, and using the stacks he earns from farming these smaller zeds to tackle the bigger ones with tons of damage. Plus he has style in his reloads, so go give him a try already.The MicrotransactionsOh boy. Anyone else remember Payday 2? Neither do I.In the wake of Payday 2's rather controversial move to introduce microtransactions into the game, Tripwire has done the same, and this community outcry has been quite large. However, let us remember that the first game also had similar marketing, just in the form of DLC packs for skins. Skins, people, skins that don't give any stat boosts or mobility, just make your character stand out a bit more. While I do agree that releasing these micros in the aftermath of the Payday incident, I do not believe that we should be reacting as harshly as we are. Let us remember that Tripwire has yet to release any weapons OR characters that we have had to pay for, and that they have done this practice in the past with the first Killing Floor.tldr; Do I think they should have released them when they did? No. Should they even be in the game? Sure. Do I forsee this getting out of hand? No."
,Recommended,232090,15478721,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,MARK XIV THERMOCOIL BOILMASTER,"Needs more gore, and bodies. Luckily there's a thing for that.Go to Documents\my games\KillingFloor2\KFGame\Config\KFGame.ini and change MaxDeadBodies to 50 or something."
76561198000302344,Recommended,232090,30200556,Posted: 26 February,all,Nahtu Ω,"Vs mode was the biggest waste of resource and time tripwire could ever done.But hey, it's co-op game and thats where this game is really fun."
,Recommended,232090,32186077,Posted: 4 June,all,Dwaxler,"Even if i only have 37 hours on this game i can see that it improved A LOT since the first onePros:1.YOU CAN SPRINT2.You can stun zeds3.Weapons are less expensive than i thought...i remember AA12 costing around 2800 bucks now it's only 15004.New zeds like slasher, gorefast with two blades,poisonous crawler,cyst.5.Versus mode6.New perks (gunslinger, SWAT and survivalist)7.2 bosses this time8.Doesn't take you five years to level up9.You get rewards for leveling up each 5 levels (max level:25)10.Way better graphics (obvious)11.Each character has a different voice actor12.You can have your own inventory for items13.EMOTE (one of the funniest things about this game)14.Trader guides you (suggests you to buy armour, suggests you to heal, suggests you to buy ammo)15.Special grenades for each perk16.Hell on Earth is like Hard on KF1 and yes I LIKE IT because on KF1 it's f ing impossible to win on HoE difficulty17.More addictive than drugs...*cough* *cough* #Cochise *cough* cough*Cons:1.No more getting good weapons at the beggining for leveling up at max2.Way less characters (you can have about a 100 of them in the first game)3.Less maps (KF1 had some really good maps)4.I prefer music in the first game5.Returning weapons from the first game like crossbow, AA12 or katana is weak af6.Not only Scrake looks ugly af but is also explosive proof (fired like 6 grenades at him with a grenade launcher and it did nothing)7.Patriarch looks NOTHING like Patriarch from the first gameIt has some cons but also has A LOT of prosOverall rating:8/10 (very good game)Now go buy the game and go kick some zombie♥♥♥♥♥with your friends...oops i mean ZEDS...YES THATS RIGHT THEY ARE ZEDS DONT CALL THEM ZOMBIES...BECAUSE IF YOU DO...I will look for youI will find youAnd i will say...DON'T CALL THEM ZOMBIES"
,Recommended,232090,15478726,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Silvershock,"**Review is from the closed beta, will update on later versions*Killing Floor 2, like its predecessor, is my kind of multiplayer game. It's a class-based co-operative shooter where you're pitched against wave after wave of increasingly powerful zeds, and if you manage to survive that, the map boss will likely eat you alive. Money is earned for both kills and performing actions relevant to your perk - medics earn money for healing, for example. Between rounds, you use the cash you earn to buy new equipment, Counterstrike-style, or share that cash with teammates who need it more. Each perk (class) is designed to operate in some way unique from the others, and they complement each other extremely well, with some perks being better against certain enemies, and a variety of roles being essential for success.What I love is that the balance in these games is very carefully tuned for them to be survivable, but only if you work together. It's not about getting the most kills, it's not about calling other people noobs; it's about survival and survival only, and liabilities cannot be tolerated.If you hoard cash, the players will kick you. If you solo for most kills, the players will kick you. If you throw abuse at the medic, if you refuse to switch out to a higher perk level on high difficulty servers - if you act like an♥♥♥♥♥ the players will kick you. The game absolutely requires teamwork to be survivable in most cases, so if you're not interested in working as a member of a team, don't bother buying the game.Edity edit time!Some people were concerned that the community doesn't like new players. That's not what I'm trying to say here. I should clarify: Killing Floor has difficulty ratings on its servers, and you'll be helped out on the lower difficulties, taught how to take enemies down, etc. I've put in time on beginner servers myself, doling out cash, pointing out hold points, protecting people from getting ganked.It's when you graduate to higher difficulties you'll be expected to know your♥♥♥♥♥♥ For those people saying ""Oh, so you kick everyone you play with"" - no, not at all. It's rare we kick anyone because the community is solid, but as I said, this is not a game for people who want all the glory and to tell everyone how awesome-sauce they are.Edity edit ends.And how does Killing Floor 2 hold up? It is everything I wanted it to be as a KF1 veteran. It takes the same formula - co-operate or die - and adds all the polish that the original was arguably missing. Animations are fantastic, and the game runs smooth as silk, the modified Unreal 3 engine and Tripwire's art style giving it a gorgeous look. I'm seriously impressed by how well it runs and how stable it is, given that the game isn't even at the early access stage yet. There's not a lot of content yet, but many years of experience with Tripwire lends me trust that it will arrive. These devs are some of the good guys.Killing Floor is designed to be hard as hell, and KF2 doesn't disappoint. The replacement for KF1's patriarch is somehow even more of an absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and I love it. The Fleshpounds will still kick your♥♥♥♥♥without breaking stride, and the stalkers are way more of a pest than before, being now nearly impossible to see for non-Commandos. More spawn points and spawn types have been added, making it harder to find a safe spot, and forcing you to watch your back. Expect a *lot* of kiting before players get the hang of the new maps.Levels initially look a lot cleaner than previously, but that doesn't last long. The gibbing system from Killing Floor 1 has been turned up to 11 in KF2, and persistence has been added. Where you kill enemies, their blood and body parts will persist, often for the rest of the game. This can lead to your berserker standing in a pile of blood and corpses, and it's really something to behold when slow-mo kicks in.Additionally, damage to the levels is now permanent for the match. Blow out a door, or let the zeds smash it in, and it will not respawn between rounds. Blow out the lights throwing grenades around, and now you can't see for the next half hour. It really adds something to the frantic feel of the game, having the area you're holed up in get slowly trashed over the course of the map.There are a ton of other small tweaks and improvements, too. The addition of dedicated ""sprint"" and ""melee"" keys are welcome to anyone who knows what the ""Trader Trundle"" is like as a Support or Pyro player. The little meters on medic guns sights that show their recharge state, the ""ammo check"" or ""weapon clean"" animations that play if you hit reload on weapons that don't require it, the automatic (and useful) conversations that take place between player characters based on their actions; it all comes together.Everything about the Killing Floor 1 experience has been upgraded. It sounds better, it looks better, it plays more smoothly, and (even at this stage) it feels less buggy. If you liked KF1, KF2 is an essential purchase. If you haven't tried KF1, or its lack of polish from its UT2K4 mod origins put you off, you should definitely give KF2 a try. I have a feeling that, as with its genesis, this will be one of my favourite multiplayer games ever."
,Recommended,232090,32395020,Posted: 13 June,all,CJ,Nothing like jamming out to heavy metal while killing ZED's.
,Recommended,232090,15705680,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,A Vacuous Hitsu,"Alright, for those of you who HAVE played KF1, I'll get to you a little bit later, promise.As for the newcomers, Killing Floor 2 is simply the best wave-based horde FPS game out there.The gameplay flows smoothly, the graphics are nothing to sneeze at and it's challenging. Currently (Early Access), you get 4 perks (classes) to choose from and level up - each with their own playstyle, pros and cons. Despite clearly being at it's best and based around co-op gameplay, you can also play solo - perfectly viable too as it gets 'rebalanced' for it.Now for the veterans of KF1 such as myself, we start with an important question. Is it an improvement? Yes!! Yes it is. Remember how going up in difficulty was nothing but numbers? The Zed's HP, speed and damage would increase while the player's money gain and item pickups would decrease? Welp, those days are over (for the most part ;D ).In KF2, the difficulty increase respects the weapons and players - no longer turning Zeds into bullet sponges as they keep the exact same HP as in any lower difficulty. Now the real threat is how they become more aggressive and behave differently (i.e. - jumping and dodging) which makes it even harder than the previous game.Another great aspect is that using weapons from other perks is now -very- viable due to the new difficulty system and the perk level bonuses not being too focused on their own weapon category.Leveling is now XP based instead of meeting specific criteria, so no more AFK welding for the Support Specialists! And the levels now go up to 25, making it feel a bit less grindy since you level up more often.Each 5 levels you also gain a skill point to spend in one of two choices for that tier (i.e. - Commando gets to choose between higher damage or faster reload).All in all, this game is a must buy for the new players and veterans alike despite still being in Early Access!"
,Recommended,232090,15500044,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,a good artist and drawer,You can tell the developers care heavily for the community when they add physics collision to the wads of dosh you throw around so that you can make a literal pile of money.
76561197983727040,Not Recommended,232090,23031411,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,${Me.Target},"I'm an owner of KF1 with 350ish hours played. I have played KF2 for about 45 hours. My opinion below is only of my experiences and secondhand experiences of others.KF2 feels a bit like a shadow of what KF1 is.The mechanics are all basically the same: a squad of guys running around, killing zeds and trying to stay alive. One of the most popular things in KF1 was to find a place to solidly hold up for a while, be it a long hallway or a room with one or two doors to watch. Even with the camping technique it was still very easy to get overwhelmed. KF2 is not quite teh same. There are usually 2 large open areas on each map which everyone congregates in, and then everyone runs around in circles trying to outkill everyone else. Pretty standard stuff to expect, I suppose. But then when the larger zeds come along, either everyone runs away or doesnt help.Map LayoutYou might be thinking, ""That's a problem with the community, not the game itself"" but considering the map designs, which mostly consist of large open areas with a LOT of obstructions all over, it makes it the only viable place to kill and still be able to keep an eye on teammates. The majority of maps have head-high obstructions, so you find yourself weaving in and out of obstacles, with teammates doing the same in a frantic 'who can kill the most' race around obstacles... except of course for in the 2 large open areas. Which is why everyone goes there, because you can see more than 20 feet without things getting in your way. There are exceptions to this of course. Not every map is cluttered with debris in every area, but it is enough to force players to the two large open areas nearly every time on nearly every difficulty.Weapons: Starting Weapons, Class-Specific and Weapon FeelStarting weapons in KF1 consisted of a pistol and a knife - unless you were a high level. With limited weapons, it challenged the player as soon as they stepped into the game to be able to hold their own as well as it provided incentive for others to share wealth and weapons.In KF2, everyone starts with a class specific weapon. Support starts with a shotgun, assault starts with a .22 rifle and so on. The weapons that you start with are decent enough to get you into the game fast. You can keep up with kills fairly well, but the fear and reliance on others is diminished when you already are starting off strong.In KF1, the weapons you hd to choose from were noticeably different from each other. You could have a sniper rifle that was insanely powerful or pistols to deal with trash zeds with the sharpshooter class. Players' choices in weapons were always seen.In KF2, with one of your class specific weapons already given to you when you join a game, you're limited to only a few other weapons specific to your class to gain. They're all pretty much sequentially better than the previous so you wouldnt choose one weapon over the other. You go for the more expensive, better gun. And I know that there will be the typical crowd saying, ""BNut its still early access. They can change the weapons around or balance them"" but at this point, the changes they make will not be drastic changes and the starting shotguns, grenade launchers, assault rifles are here to stay.MonetizationThis is a sore spot for a lot of people, myself included.KF1 had the option of purchasing character packs and weapon packs for a reasonable amount of money. I believe about $10 on release, later dropping down to $2ish.KF2 has gone a completely different route. The crate+key system is a way for people with gambling addictions to spend their money away and the Tripwire teamhas embraced their gambling mechanics. In my experience playing, I would have lots of crates (in the form of 'thumbdrives') drop. They'd be sitting around in my inventory and they'd have descriptions like ""has a chance of dropping an extremely rare weapon skin!"" and when you have a bunch of those crates kicking around in your inventory, you kind of wonder what it is you're missing out on. So you have to get some keys to open them now... and all you have to do is buy an individual key to open it. You spend the money on a key and unlock the crate. Aww too bad, all you got was a scarf for your character. Better luck next time. But thanks for spending $7 on a virtual scarf! Dont worry though because another crate will drop next game for you. Just keep buying keys...Developer's CommunicationTripwire has been pretty quiet on a lot of topics in the forums, mostly revolving about suggestions or asking questions about updates. Its their game and they can choose who they interact with and how many times they answer the same questions over and over so I'm not going to fault them on their silence.What I take issue with is the fact that their game is early access and are publicly putting this out there for the public to play and help test. From all of the testing, there have only been a few large updates released with actual content. For the most part, the mechanics are done. They spent a LOT of time getting the blood effects working and devoted loads of resources into that. They spent time on microtransactions in early access, making sure that they can keep the money train rolling with people buying virtual nonsense all throughout testing, and even with the hordes of people asking,""When will sharpshooter class be released?"" Tripwire stays silent, only saying, ""Here are some screenshots of some sharpshooter guns. Thats it.""Tripwire doesnt have clear goals or release dates for content set. They're basically just saying it'll be released when it is released. Their playerbase screams for updates, any new content to keep them interested, they demand Tripwire stays on task rather than devoting large amounts of time to unnecessary stuff like making more virtual content for characters and instead focus on getting the classes of the game finished and Tripwire stays silent.It makes me think that they only released KF2 as early access to get money, then they released microtransactions in the middle of early access to keep the money ocming and they dont actually want feedback or care what the community thinks.Server PopulationRelated to the developer's communications, a lot of players have disappeared from the game.Throughout the life of KF1 and even up to today there are still a lot of players logging into KF1 servers and killing zeds.KF2? Well, the servers have died off quite a bit. Sure the population on KF2 is higher than KF1 but a lot of the players are playing one class to max level, stop when they cap out, then wait till another class is released and play that to max level, etc and they disappear from the game for weeks at a time waiting for another class to be released. When KF2 is finally released as V1.0, hardly anyone is going to stick around. Why should they when they've played each class ad nauseum to max level waiting for more updates.Community BacklashI cant speak directly to this as I havet experienced it first hand, but recently there has been a great culling in the forums. Mods are being very heavy handed silencing any people who have negative comments to say, purging their comments from forums, banning users and locking threads. Are they trying to clean up the forums of any negativity in preparation for another content push and therefore another chance to get the game some sales on Steam's main page? It'd make sense. Get rid of dissenting opinion and whitewash months of neglect by hiding those who dont kiss butt fom the public's view.Any time you get a fascist mod running forums, you get many times more the negtive response to your game. Its like the Streisand effect.SummaryI cant reomend this game. I've sunk lots of hours into it, sure, but that was mostly me hoping to recapture the greatness of KF1. Its all due to Tripwire's direction of the game."
,Recommended,232090,24970494,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Chilled-Space,"Alright, after about 102 hours of playing this game, let me write a review.Boy was the development of this game a ♥♥♥♥ing trip. Within the first year of Early Access release, Tripwire failed to listen to the communities complaints and suggestions, the game was horrendously unbalanced, and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥was there no content. Not to mention they'd delete any negative criticism of their game from their forums.BUT.Tripwire seems to have gotten the memo, and now equipped with a full team again, seem to be making a much more polished game. I write this review after playing the new Beta patch that introduced the SWAT perk and various reworks of existing perks, as well, to my surprise, added additional weapons to pre-existing perks (Such as the Katana being added to berseker and the M16 added to Demo). After this patch I find myself not being able to get enough Killing Floor 2 in my blood stream. Maybe it's the excitement for my fancy new in game Canadian ball cap, or maybe it's that the game actually FEELS ENJOYABLE now. I used to compare Tripwire to the guys who made District 9: First they made a rugget, low budget movie that was really good, and people loved it (District 9), and they got so much money from that that they said they were going to make another great movie, which ended up flopping because in reality they have no idea what they're doing (Elysium). Obviously this analogy is no longer true, and I think if you played the game in its current state you'd agree. I feel, and I hope, that it's only going to get better from here.Before I wrap up this review, let me hit you with a few final pros and cons.PROS:-Extremely fun, fast paced Co-Op gameplay-Wide Variety of cosmetics, perks, and hopefully one day weapons-Powerful weaponry, audio is fantastic-Amazing, get you pumped soundtrack (Who doesn't love a  bit of Demon Hunter?)-Great work shop modding communityCONS:-Still fairly unbalanced-Each perk has an average of 4 weapons-Fairly slow to update-No Chickenator[EDIT: Demolitionist projectiles not exploding at close range is a feature.]"
,Recommended,232090,15575161,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Unnamed Loser,-Joined a 128 player server on hell on earth difficulty.- 40 players in a single room-7 fleshhound spawn-5 billion health each-Eveyone dies11/10 would kill floors again.
,Recommended,232090,15525098,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,👻 Morsebid 👻,"-Keep in mind, this game being in early access means this could all do a 180 with a few bad updates and developer abandonment. I think that is highly unlikely with Tripwire, but its possible-As of right now, Killing Floor 2 is in a very polished, but still very early state in early access. There is only one mode, 4 maps, one boss and a hand full of characters. However, if your looking for a zed shooter that feels so good, look no further than Killing Floor 2.The game isn't even close to complete and already I feel it has some of the best gunplay out there. Every gun I've shot with feels amazing, shotguns feel heavy and strong, assault rifles feel fast and shred through weaker enemies, and so on. Of the weapons I've played with, they all feel amazing and not samey at all.The game already has several enemy types that do a variety of things. I think I counted about 9 different types of zeds so far. That number might be off, but its around there. It has a lot of variety, is the meat of what I'm saying.There is a lot of work needed to be done, more game modes, more enemy types, more guns. But for what it is right now, its already worth it if your looking for a zed shooter that has great feeling. Tripwire knows what they're doing, so no need to worry about that, I can pretty much guarantee this game will be finished. If your even considering picking it up, dot it. Don't be like me and wait, then regret not picking it up immediately. Killing Floor 2 is a joy to play.Buy At Full Price"
,Not Recommended,232090,23576156,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Prowler™,"Oh this thing is still going? Fairgound map + weekly challenge mode update.The fairground map is pitch black but the dosh rides and traps are amusing. Weekly mode is just a way to keep you coming back for a hat/gun hat.Sadly the only cosmetic features i like are damaged guns which maybe should just happen naturally given...but then i guess you get charged to clean them or something.The good:Nuked is a great community mapMore boss chatter, did you know horzine isnt your friend?Crates now craftable.This lets players craft items rather than wait a year to maybe craft 1Fart crawlersResistance all but removed and replaced with block/evadeFlare pistol and LMG addedThey are not very effective on higher difficulty but more weapons are niceStill some of the best gore and gun animation aroundMusic thats COLLAPSING IN ON YOURSELFThe badDecent is a narrow, cramped map.EVEN MORE CRATES because you love emote animationsMany Z-time abilites are useless or one sidedFirebug is the weakest class by farZerker blade gun is still super powerfulMissing ammo on reloads still occurs STILL since launchTeleporting zeds finally acknowlaged as a bug and half fixedZeds still spawn in your face but dont teleport again till 30 or so seconds passShame the Dragon class will never be but what about the matriach boss that was promised?"
,Recommended,232090,32636933,Posted: 22 June,all,Aesthetic Shrine,"Like Payday 2 but with zombies and the Zeds (the name of the zombies) are not just bullet sponges. The thing I also like is that the AI also gets smarter as you go up in difficulty. Zeds will develop new movement patterns, they will come at you faster, try and dodge your shots, and develop new attacks. ( For example, an enemy called the Husk is a Zed that shoots fire balls, and on a certain difficulty, if you get too close to him he will spew fire at you, like a flame thrower.) Also the game is made in an engine that performs well even on low end systems. And even when playing on the low preset, the game still looks good compared to Payday which smudges the textures to a total blur."
,Not Recommended,232090,25796934,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,zerowise,"This was a positive review. I really liked this game. Adding microtransactions and loot gambling to it was a slap in the face to us KF1 fans and the community at large, but watch: this review will get downvoted into oblivion by the same crowd that has enabled this cancerous F2P nonsense to spread into paid games.There are rumblings from the developers about the game not being supported past next year if the ""ZedEconomy"" doesn't prove as profitable as they hope. I don't know about you, but any developer that begins talking about when they'll terminate support for a game makes me wary. But to talk about that publically in what appears to be an attempt to drum up microtransaction sales? In a game that hasn't even been finished? That is insane, and I rather suspect a sign of things to come from Tripwire moving forward.That isn't even to mention that this game has none of the grit or majestic level design of KF1. It's prettier, maybe, but the bright colors and rather obvious 'arena-style' to the maps removes all of the tension and ""desperate survivor trying to make it out"" feeling. Now you're just some putz thrown in what feels rather like a gameshow. And frankly, the first game was better in most other ways as well and even the people happy with KF2 know 1 was better. Looks through the positive reviews and I bet you see this a lot:""It's finally starting to feel like a real sequel""and""It's finally starting to measure up to KF1""and on and on. I know, because I just read a bunch of them.I would avoid this game. The game itself may be fun, but the developers are doing some seriously questionable and shady things, and in an early access program that is more important than the current game state."
,Not Recommended,232090,22692927,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Rusty Shackleford,"Once a game company has your money from an Early Access game, their motivation to continue working on the game and get it finalized is lost. With that said...The community wants:- Perks and content that was promised with the game- Balance- Simple quality of life features- Bug fixes that have been in the game nearing almost a year- Zed teleporting goneTripwire gives us:- ""Crossover"" DLC that no one asked for --- in an early access game- Microtransactions that no one asked for --- in an early access game- Crappy pay-to-unlock USB / Crate drops and Bandanas- Zed Teleporting- PvP that no one asked for- Slow updates- No fixes for bugs that have been in the game for almost a year- Leaks on how they plan to take a company vacation on a cruise ship--- while everyone is waiting for the final perks and maps to be releasedOh, and all content that is stated that they will deliver to you after the game you purchased is completed, is peddled as ""Free"" because they can screw you over and quit all production on the game with no repercussions per Steam policy --- this is from a Tripwire employee."
76561197993777365,Recommended,232090,17736048,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Gaston Beton,"There's this moment when during the showdown with the Boss and amidst all the gore, the laserbeams, the explosions, the screeching Zeds and the demented music you realize: This is righteous. This is a real video game. This is what it's all about."
,Recommended,232090,32402519,Posted: 13 June,all,Baguettalus,"Killing Floor 2 is an improvement on a timeless classic. If you thought KF1 was a fun experience, you'll only have more fun with this one. If you haven't played the first one, you don't need to; KF2 is a completely standalone game and improves in every way. The first Killing Floor was originally a mod for Unreal Tournament 2004, and it definitely shows via clunkiness. That's all nonexistent in this game - Tripwire did a great job with making KF2 feel like it's a standalone game.Killing Floor 2 has multiple different classes that utilize different weapons and abilities to kill zeds (not zombies, mind you) in a game of 1-6 players. The classes feel well balanced (aside from the insanely strong Berserker) and fun to use. Gameplay is really fluid, shooting and meleeing feels great and it gets really difficult and strategical really fast. It's unlike other zombie horde games, which I don't usually like, but KF2 is different.You can play as different characters, all with their own tiny little backstories and personalities, like in KF1. Level design is great and there's a lot of maps, even more when you include Steam Workshop integration and modding. To top it all off, the game features an amazing metal soundtrack from various artists to headbang to while playing.KF1 had a lot of DLC for characters and weapons, so I'm glad to see that Tripwire decided to stray away from those here. You buy the game, you get everything along with free future updates. Killing Floor 2 does have microtransactions with cases, skins and cosmetics, which I don't really care about, but they're never in the way and I don't mind them that much.The game still gets updates with more content every once in a while, which is cool. It actually takes a lot of effort to get bored of shooting zeds in Killing Floor, which is something you can't say from most other horde mode games. I'd still recommend the first Killing Floor if you're looking for a more difficult and intense experience, although both games are far from casual."
,Not Recommended,232090,23488866,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Coolguy,"""We see Early Access as an opportunity to involve you, the community, and actually incorporate your feedback as we balance and put the finishing touches on the game. For example, we know how to nail the feel of Killing Floor 2’s weapons, but perfect gameplay balance can only come from large scale play testing. ""This is an outright lie.  Tripwire has made 4 major updates now and incorporated absolutely none of the player feedback - changes have only been made when they happen to agree with the player feedback.  They continue to release new systems nobody asked for and change the 'vision' of the game seemingly at random (first by including a Versus mode nobody asked for, and then including an opaque and unnecessary resistance system), without regard for playability or fun.Avoid.  Even if you like it today, there's no guarantee it will remain fundamentally the same game next month.  Do not buy this game until Tripwire figures out what kind of game they want it to be.  Then you can make the decision on whether or not it's a game you like."
76561198168889456,Recommended,232090,25652417,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,SquigglyCup,"This Pc > Documents > My Games > KillingFloor2 > KFGame > Config > Select KFGame, scroll down to [KFGame.KFGoreManager] -MaxDeadBodies- set value 300"
76561197987668595,Recommended,232090,26673348,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Cervantes,"Is it a good game ? Yes. Is it a good sequel ? No.Killing Floor 1 was a better game back in its time. Even now it's a better game if you can stand the potato graphics. It felt more satisfying and gritty. All they had to do was take the first game, slap HD graphics and maybe some new weapons and maps, and call it a day.I don't know why they went for this weird futuristic style instead of the old gritty apocalypse style, I don't know why they added the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ VS mode that nobody ever gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥about, and they also added some microtransaction crates which is kinda lame but fine I guess as long as it's cosmetics. Old paid skin packs were better, you bought only what you wanted.At its core Killing Floor 2 is still good fun though. It's got great graphics, and you can still dismember monsters with your friends through various means. If like me you played KF1 and stopped long ago because you got bored or moved on to other games, then play KF2. If you've never played any Killing Floor game before, then play KF2 as well, it's brand new and shiny. But if you're still actively playing KF1 and having fun on it, then don't bother with this one, it won't bring you much more than what you're already enjoying."
76561198046195465,Not Recommended,232090,23278894,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Red Feg,"Well, this is the first review I've ever felt like properly writing but I feel it needs to be done.I'm throwing a negative review on this game, not because it is a bad game, but because the devs have ♥♥♥♥ed up. The first updates for this game were fast, they kept us excited with the new classes and content that came out during the first months of the game being put out for early access.Now they have joined the ever growing list of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ companies that refuse to finish their own goddamn games.Instead you get garbage that no one asked for, also known as ""Versus mode"", and tiny updates every few ♥♥♥♥ing months that the playerbase, which is so starved for new content, powers up the game to see if ANYTHING new has been added.But all they get is another empty update with literally no content at all after what feels like a year at this point since an actual update containing classes, characters, and occasionally maps. Now it's ♥♥♥♥ing nothing and people are criticizing them for not putting out any ♥♥♥♥ing content for this hot mess they have created.What's their response to this criticism one may ask? Censorship.They censor the comments and threads criticizing their ""oh so perfect"" product that is KF2 and add more ♥♥♥♥ing MICROTRANSACTIONS to the game rather than what people actually want.So until they get their acty together and actually finish this mess, TWI can go ♥♥♥♥ themselves for what they have done. Do not buy this game."
,Recommended,232090,32492398,Posted: 16 June,all,moxxihasapenis,A genuine first person shooter. Instant gratification. Visceral violence. Flawless mechanics. Phenomenal weapons. Plenty of classes. A whole mess of official and custom maps. Good community. Killer soundtrack.
76561197997183761,Recommended,232090,17499192,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Norveejun,This is the game that single handedly employs the boys at Viscera Cleanup Detail.
,Not Recommended,232090,23591516,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Brein bot,"It baffles me that a horde shooter that started with functional, even good graphics and shooting ended up deserving this negative review.EDIT:Tripwire is, very subtly, using gibberish reviews to try and bring their score back up for the free weekend. Classy.Imgur album with caps I'll refer to later.EDIT #2: They DID hotfix trash resistances. Crawlers only have 45% fire resist now.Let's take it from annoying to very bad.WeldingDoors have a finite amount of health. Enjoy having a door break down on you with 100% welding in the middle of the wave. Or don't, and like everyone else never weld a door again.Kiting and Zed teleportYou can't kite well in KF2. The breakdown goes:You can sprint -> Zeds must be able to sprint to catch youSome perks have movespeed -> Zeds must be able to catch them too -> Slow perks can't kite at all because they're slower, even sprinting, than zeds -> Unless the whole team is medic and gunslinger, can't kite.But most importantly,zeds teleport. You will sprint out of a room with a pack on your heels only to find them emerging from next one.End result: All games are spent holing up in the same rooms with two or three lanes.Quality controlDespite months between each update, they all still introduce obvious bugs.Latest exemples:-Random patty heals-Being rooted at the beginning of each waveLack of communication, pace of updatesEA means development changes, in their words:""that is all subject to change [...] as we react to community feedback"".Except...It takes Tripwire months to react to anything. EG:It took them months to address fleshpound rage mechanics, and permarage on the last zeds. For those that didn't experience it, permarage funpounds were ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. And I'm repeating myself, but it took them months to take notice that everyone complained about that. Highlight of the stream inJanuary 2016(that's 8 months after EA began, for those sleeping in the back) ""FPs behave quite similarly to their KF1 counterpart"". Except for non-los raging, permaraging, stay enraged when hitting a welded door... ect.The updates- sorry, thecontent packstake3 months on average, with complete radio silence in between. How do you imagine that works well for community feedback? It doesn't.The zed teleporting makes kiting a chore. It's still there, and not as an option so players can compare with or without it.The zed knockback, which make melee a chore, wasn't tweaked at all- enjoy being pinballed by crawlers and stalkers.And presumably, the zed resistances, which are ridiculously overblown, won't be tweaked either.None of these are opt-in or adjustable to help the community give feedback on them. If you don't like them, tough luck.Priority assignmentOh boy.At some point, ""our focus is 10 perks and the original mode"" went out the window.Instead, we got:Microtransactions in early access.A VS mode nobody asked for.And now the announcement that more developpement time was spent on VR.Yeah, I'm sure that'll help you get back on your feet, instead of finishing the game you advertised. Especially since spreading your ressources thinner on things that weren't asked for led to...Pants on head [REDACTED] balance decisionsThis might take a while.The afforementioned VS mode is balanced like complete♥♥♥♥♥ It's also stuck on normal short. A quick consequence of that was that a zerk with the DBS and pulv could basically solo it.So tripwire had a genius idea! They made""subtle changes""so that this wouldn't be the case anymore. At least that's how I'm rationalising includingthis.For the impatient here's a rundown of how jarring these ""very subtle resistances"" are:All zeds resist most damage types and are only sensitive to one or twoAll zeds save for crawlers (0.7) and stalkers (1.0) have a 0.5 or less modifier on both bludgeon and slashing.So, zerk effectively loses 50% of his damage against all but two zeds.All zeds save for gorefasts (0.5), clots (0.8) and bloats (1.6) have a 0.3 modifier to fire. Enjoy never killing zeds again as firebug.Most zeds have a 0.75 (give or take 0.1) modifier to handguns, effectively a flat nerf to gunslinger's DPS and ammo efficiencyLiterally every medium/big zeds has a 0.25 modifier to toxic aka nuke. In other words, demo's lvl 25 zed time perk can't kill anything but trash, for whom you don't need it.Thanks to that, a stalker can tank 3 bodyshots from the M14 but dies to an AK body. Which makes sense for two separate 7.62 rifles.The response of the community to these changes is less than pleased.Twi's response to that can be readhere, it reads:""We won't change them because the playtests were really intense""""We like the idea of a imposing moba-style team compositions on players (*cough* overwatch *cough*) because we got complaints that the tactics and combos weren't as complex as in KF1,"". (Hint: they still aren't.) ""and it promotes teamwork"".Well, it's true, being in deficit when killing 80% of zeds because of arbitrary, counter-intuitive resistances THAT AREN'T EVEN INDICATED IN THE GAME and making Zerk and Firebug dead weight is going to promote teamwork, if votekicks count as teamwork.Complete censorship blackout where they can get away with itFinally, they're banning anyone that voices criticism with their game.That sort of behavious is always funny to me since:-the players are ignored... which is jarring in early access where, again ""they react to community feedback""-there is no faster way to lose customer loyalty for a company. It's also why I believe thatIt won't get better...or it'll take months until they give in and admit that they aren't perfect, and their design choices aren't perfect.Tripwire already chased away most of the community with sloooooow updates, censorship, by actively barricading modding of models/sounds/chat wheel, and locking up mods behind paywalls. Remember that guy who made a model swap for fun? They went out of their way to break his mod, to the point that the guy just gave up- and wishes luck to whoever will attempt to mod something next.In fact, the remaining modders who still make skins which they put into their crates don't even get a non-tradable unit, which should be common bloody courtesy.Every update breaks most mods and maps and resets your sensitivity and key config just because. The latest update evenmanaged to prevent the game from booting altogether...somehowToo long, didn't readThey don't listen, they don't put feelers before making radical changesbut then object to a rollback for that exact reason, they don't give the options to players to disable or tweak things to compare them, in short, they're doing EA wrong.PS:Fun facts.You won't hear ""Ye're all fur coat, no knickers, ♥♥♥♥♥es"" in KF2 because ""♥♥♥♥♥es"" is abad word. Good thing somebody thinks of the children! And ofstrong wymin, as defined by being so much better than ""her dull, boring co-workers"" (actual quote from the backstory). How they didn't realize that backstory was going to end up as the textbook exemple of ""trying too hard"", we will never know.Avoid, avoid, avoid. Run away and never look back."
,Not Recommended,232090,23337517,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Zelig,"Well done Tripwire, you have clearly proven that you should've stayed as a modding team rather than evolve into a shitheap corporation with microtransactions and tiny maps that prove they only had one thing in mind when developing Killing Floor 2, Consoles.I can't believe I fell for the hype. All Tripwire had to do to make this game great was copy paste all their community made maps from the original plus all the classes, and then create 2 extra classes in this case ""Gunslinger"" + another class which I'll just make up suddenly ""Zedgeist"" Half human, half zed, uses abilities instead of guns, controls zeds. Seriously Tripwire, what is this? ""Free updates"" when the game is still in early access, I'm pretty sure you're meant to take it out of early access first.Let's get serious but:Pros+ Nvidia Flex System, Fluid and Gut physics galore+ Redesigned zeds look decent+ New game engine+ Full reload animationsCons- Small ""console sized"" maps- no more trader shop with physical trader, just random pods around the map that cycle- new perk system isn't really that amazing- slow development- ""free updates"" for an early access gameTripwire really tried making this game appealing to the eye rather than what made the game fun in the first place. Cool the guns are animated at 120 frames per second so when you go into zed time you can see all the bits jiggle on the gun. But is the game itself fun? sure for about 10 minutes at a time, coming from the old killing floor I feel like they had so much potential but they just wasted it on this new engine.A year and a half later after being on early access, killing floor 2 has accomplished:- 1 new class- 2 new maps, I wouldn't call farmhouse a map but whatever.- PVP with Human vs ZedsLet's talk about that actually the PVP, you see the idea is great! GOOD JOB TRIPWIRE! But you forgot one thing, there's no point being on the zed team. There's no class system for the zeds so you don't get rank 5 fleshpound or whatever, you don't get anything, oh wait, sorry, my apologies, you get a % chance of a gear item dropping for the human team, oh and did I mention that if you do manage to get one of those items they cost money to get a key to open them?This is great, seriously, Tripwire literally killed themselves by turning into the smallest ♥♥♥♥♥est company and doing all the big risky moves a big company can do, but something as small as Tripwire no. You can't hire a marketting team for your Early Access game tripwire, you have to FINISH IT FIRST.AND IF IT'S FINISHED,TAKE IT OUT OF ♥♥♥♥ING EARLY ACCESS.1/10 kept me amused for a solid ♥♥♥♥ing day and then some.I'm actually amused, watching games turn from what they were: an escape from life, ideas of imaginations and fun. Then to watch them roll into this new age of corporation owned games: maximum profits for little amount of effort."
,Not Recommended,232090,22638327,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Wally,"Fun game, but rather incomplete. I'd say to wait it out until 2019 when all the content is actually in the game and it gets out of early access.Seriously though, it's been over a year and this game has BARELY gotten any updates since release for that timespan. It gets worse too that rather than adding in perks people have been asking months for, Tripwire goes and adds in a paid marketplace skin system (which no one asked for) and a worthless PvP mode (which again, NO ONE asked for). With such an incompetent company behind the wheel of a decent but very barebones game, I absolutely cannot stress enough that you will not get much out of the game in its current state, but what you do get is fairly decent. If it's finished one day, I might change my recommendation to positive, but as it is now I'm just sick and tired of waiting with no results or feedback."
,Recommended,232090,15478734,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Wing Zero (✿ ◕‿◕) ᓄ✂╰U╯,6 years later we get HD graphics and we still don't get to kill floors.10/10 will play for hours again
,Not Recommended,232090,23040353,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Apple,"try to ban me here, tripwire"
,Recommended,232090,15478840,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,DevilBlackDoom,"When Tripwire said it was a ""polished beta"" they didn't lie. The pre-beta access was... AWESOME. I had ZERO crash (a couple of friends had some, but most were fixed with updates DURING the pre-Early Access). Also they even took into account some of the feedback they had during pre-Early Access.Except for the lack of content, the game is so close to its finished state. Just grab your card and buy it right now. I have no doubt the game will rock and will get a lot of content (not even speaking of the events, during which maps and other stuff will probably be added post-release) !Recommendation : BUY IT NOW !"
76561198136659949,Not Recommended,232090,23211866,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,fergdaddy,"TL;DRGood stuff:+gameplay is polished and smooth+graphics are great+game is legitimately challenging at high difficulties+mod support/easy access to custom maps+quick and easy to get into a game with your m8s and have a blastBad stuff:-developers have decided to take sh*ts on their playerbase in the forums, between aggressive bans and general ""you're a f*cking idiot and can't comprehend how hard it is to make a game"" attitude-embarrassing microtransaction system that everyone tries to ignore-30 bucks might be a little too muchLonger (semi-rant) version:I've had a blast with this game and encountered very few bugs, balance issues, toxic players or any other problems. I bought it for $20 after a free weekend and I don't regret that purchase. This game is worth 20 bucks, without a doubt. Unfortunately it's priced at $30 normally.The problem with this game isn't the game itself, but the developing team or maybe the people directing them. Recent reviews have focused on the devs giving out warnings and banning people from the forums for exhibiting angry behavior in response to the lack of promised content being released in any kind of a timely manner. This is a problem. Once devs go down that path of desperation it often means a game is going in the toilet. KF2 might be.I'd really like to recommend this game based on my experience playing it both solo and with friends. It runs really well, the graphics are great, the gunfire feels good and popping zeds doesn't really get old. Sadly, just like so many before me, I can't support Tripwire while they're acting this way. I hadn't intended to write a review until the game's full release, but I'm starting to realize they're milking this early access thing for everything they can possibly get out of it, and treating their playerbase in an unfair and condescending manner. Then again, maybe I'm wrong and we really are all too stupid to understand how many hundreds of hours of labor it takes to like, make a new gun. I wish them the best of luck selling pointless cosmetics to whomever is stupid enough to throw down actual money on that.P.S.The last straw for me was the announcement that the long, long awaited sharpshooter perk will have its RELEASE DATE ANNOUNCED at E3 this summer. Are you f*cking kidding me?**Update on the above:They released sharpshooter before E3, so that's cool! Hopefully I can eventually change my review to a positive one if/when they change their ways. For now I stand by what I said and can't recommend paying Tripwire anything."
,Not Recommended,232090,23203392,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,iDoPictures,"Hope you like pointless content updates, and dev's that couldn't give any less of a sh*t about the players.Honestly - Loved it when it came out, Tripwire's promises filled me with hope, but over a year later I can confirm that this game IS NOT finished, the devs ARE pushing out useless cheap updates, using fan created content, and still no sign of any of the new classes we all wanted.Honestly I'm only writing this because I just needed to vent how much of a letdown Tripwire are. They're on par with Chucklefish."
,Recommended,232090,15651234,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Marvel - Game Over -,"It took you 6 years...And we still can't kill the floor ~_~That, and the stalker isn't as hot as she was in the first game :|0.069/10...Ok im gonna be serious and give you a review. Based on the BETA, it's 10/10; and remember it's only BETA lol.It was EXACTLY the game they promised to deliver, and hell, there are even more things in the game they didn't speak about.1. They nailed the gore-When you kill zeds, their bodies would dissappear, but the blood remains; so by the time the match finishes, the entire stage will be covered in PURE.. GOREY... RED... BLOOOOOD- Zed time is fun with this as well.. The entire colors change into black and white, with a twist: When you shoot the zeds, you'll see that pure red blood spew out of them! And it'll be in RED... REEEED- Their ""Meat system"" gives you 22 different death animations for the ZEDS... It's called detail, ladies and gentlemen.2. The weapons are as amazing as they described them- They animated the weapons perfectly at the high framerate animation thing... They animated them at 200FPS. When you're normally shooting the weapons will look nice and fire smoothly but with 30 FPS as usual. However, once you go into zed time the animations will be so detailed that you'll notice the barrels flexing, the weapon magazine wiggling, and it'll feel extremely realistic. (Check Weapons and gore part 2 dev diary)- They made sure they didn't take away the weapons we all loved in Killing Floor 1. That means AA12 is back for you supports... Katana for you Zerks... And SCARs for you Commanos :)3. Perks are now much better- So far, in the beta, we got 4 perks out of TEN.. That's right, we got 10 perks coming in the final game! 7 of which are the ones from Killing Floor 1, with 3 newcomers : Gunslinger, some perk with a Dragon Head (NOT firebug), and some other perk with a soldier wearing a flak jacket and a helmet:http://i.imgur.com/yGGn4d3.jpg?1- Levelling is less of a grind, because:A. You got 25 levels, meaning you'll level up more often and enjoy it.B. Your XP objectives are all optional. That's good news for me and you, support specialists... We don't have to weld anymore :D. Instead, dealing damage alone gives you XP and allows you to level up. That, and welding will still affect it. (You can go on a challenge if you like... Just weld doors and don't kill ****) it's all optional for you to level up the way you want. Again, better news for commandos who had to work themselves out killinng those stalkers :P- You got your perk skills.. They're a nice little touch :). They can be tweaked at any given time, either before or during a game to your own liking :D.4. The game is beautifully stable. Little to NO bugs/glitches for me; runs smoothly for me; AND the servers run great. No problems with the net-code, nor the ping. *And this is coming from a dude living in the Middle East, where all the servers run at europe and the USA 9410940219402194 miles away from me.. So be thankful you westerners :(*5. You still got mod support.-Custom servers with 20 players... 50 community-made perks... custom-modded weapons and zeds... etc... We enjoyed them in the first game and they're coming back strong for this sequel :D.This game hasn't dissapointed me, I had high expectations and they were delivered the way they were meant to be on a BETA STAGE.. The final product is gonna blow our minds away, hopefully. Of course I know it will because I trust Tripwire. They've outdone themselves and have took our experience to the next level.In-terms of Quality: A solid 10/10 experience; and im being serious when I say 10/10.. This game is flawless!HOWEVER: Quantity does affect it. This game as just been out so there arent as much zeds and perks as promised. :) By the time the final product is released; you might develop new fetishes (im not joking)"
,Recommended,232090,15498091,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,SoSexyBreadtruck,"This game, though in ""Early Access,"" is far more polished than most AAA releases we have seen recently.  Buy it.  If you like the original, you will like this sequel."
,Not Recommended,232090,22697215,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,SeriousSam,"I'd like to preface this 'review' with I love this game. But I can't, in good conscience let this slide. TWI has lost sight of their goal. They have their sights on sources of income. I am mostly fine with their cosmetic microtransactions (the prices could be tweaked a bit, and the different qualities such as battle scarred, field tested, mint, could be done away with), but they no longer have the original spirit as when they started. Whether this is because they are running out of money or any other reason is speculation at this point, but they are handling it completely wrong. I'd like to go over the primary reasons for my rant: things that they have promised and have done.Censorship in the discussion board? Not cool, and completely undermines the United State's constitutional rights. Why are they doing this? well there could be various reasons: to promote their game in a more favorable light, or maybe since they have heard the criticism long enough they have built up tolerance for it and no longer deem them important. Maybe they hired some new guy who is going ham as a moderator. Regardless of what their intent is, censorship isnotthe answer. As people, we need positiveand negativefeedback to challenge ourselves and improve. Because of this, the only way to let others know about the issues in the game is to read reviews such as this one or find it elsewhere.Attention to detail? Maybe, but I still see some slop in areas. I thought you guys had gun nuts on the dev team? The 9mm casings flying out of the Desert Eagle; double action trigger of a Beretta that is cocked is in the double action position instead of being in the single action position; hitting reload to mess with your scar or ak's ejection port and it stays closed.Early Access done right? Again,maybe. When the game first launched, there were only 4 perks. Even then, switching between them caused some perks to carry over. Parry was pretty broken and inconsistent as well. Every update since then has had various bugs:-Incinerate and Detonate? RPG and other shots do not go where you aim if you turn too fast and fire (I believe this is still an issue).-Sharpshooter weapons release for feedback with a Prison map? Map crashes with the crossbow when picking up bolts.-PVP? PVP had human players invulnerable to big zeds when a melee weapon was out. These just go to show how much testing they do before releasing these quality updates. Hell, we didn't even ask for PVP. It's a nice afterthought, but development time should have been spent on the core game. Afterall, we the consumers, and TWI wanted to retain that ""core gameplay loop"" that made the original so fun and successful.They have stopped pushing originally planned content and are now focusing on other areas: PVP and Microtransactions when their main game is not even completed yet.Now you may be wondering, ""But Sam, why are you still playing? Why do you support these practices?"" The answer is simple: I don't support these practices. As stated earlier, I love this game. Unfortunately it's the only one of its kind. Same goes with Aliens Colonial Marines. It may be underwhelming and not as promised, but its all I got, (either forever or until something better comes out). I am not buying anymore items from the market until TWI gets their crap together. From the looks of it, things are bleak and veering towards following the footsteps of Payday 2: Not listening to their customers/fanbase, and only focusing on greed. They may very well be hurting from lack of income but again, this isn't how it should be handled.TL:DR - TWI is no longer great and went from Lawful Good to Chaotic Evil. Buyer cautiously beware"
,Recommended,232090,30643499,Posted: 20 March,all,Dinoracha,"[Note: I’ve had such subpar feelings about the Versus mode that I’ve chosen to omit them from this review.]Killing Floor was a testament in how a team-based cooperative game could remain continuously fun to play thanks to solid gameplay, chatty characters and of course all that dosh being thrown around between waves of monster slaughter - But it still showed its age on its sleeve despite its timeless replayability. With the number of hours I’ve sunk into the original game, the announcement of a sequel complete with updated mechanics, visuals and gameplay had me intrigued and excited. I’ve been playing Killing Floor 2 since its Early Access days and I still play it on a regular basis to this day, but even with the changes, updates and modernization of the classic squad shooter, it’s been a slow but steady process for the game to make itself more than just a glorified expansion pack - That said, I’m still very pleased with the final product.It doesn’t take long to notice how the graphics, audio and controls have been polished and sharpened, making Killing Floor 2 feel snappier and compared to the original - Not to mention better to listen to and to look at. As barbaric as it may sound, the updated gore effects also goes a long way in feeling morbidly satisfying - To watch in slow motion as explosives send minor enemies flying in multiple pieces and directions, or as a miniboss is cut to shreds with automatic gunfire never gets old. With the ensuing carnage and greater shooter controls, the game has this constant feedback and satisfaction for when you get into the thick of things, especially when the context sensitive bullet time triggers and allows you to rack up a bevy of gruesome headshots.The first game suffered the issue of having too many ‘godly’ holdout spots; positions that could be fortified with little to no danger of being overrun if your six player squad is skilled enough. Thanks to the faster pace in Killing Floor 2, even if your squad finds a good position to holdout in, it doesn’t take very long until things get dicey and you’re forced to rethink your plans. This issue is also fixed due to multiple spawn points for enemies that can circumvent welded doors, being enough of a distraction for the mutant monster horde to break down said door and ruin everyone's day.One glorious new change for the better is the revamped class progression system where just about every action will net you experience points: Headshots with pistols scores Gunslinger points. Welding doors scores Support points. Healing teammates scores Combat Medic points and so on. Best of all, points are gained regardless of your selected class and current arsenal - For example, if you’re a Commando (who specializes in assault rifles) who has a shotgun as an alternate weapon, using that shotgun will score Support points even though you’re not playing as that class. This means that you’re in constant progression to level up through active participation, and with every level milestone that’s a multiple of five unlocks one of two possible perks to further enhance your class. With my Combat Medic at level twenty, I can choose from perks that enhance my healing capabilities through teammate buffs, or I can focus entirely on improving my damage output instead. As a Berserker (melee user), I can focus on being an unkillable tank or a lighting fast dealer of damage - Skilled players can become forces to be reckoned with, but running off on your lonesome is a recipe for disaster; you can only score so many rapid headshots before a Fleshpound sends you scurrying back to your team for aid.Initially I had concerns regarding the lack of original content, but Tripwire Interactive has shown that they’re reliable when it comes to post-release support. Each new update has brought new maps, classes and weapons to make use of along with balance changes, not to mention support for users to create their own maps if the healthy but limited roster of first party maps get stale. At the time of writing all of these updates so far have been free and if the first game was any indication, most if not all of the future downloadable content will be for cosmetic or aesthetic purposes only.While I can’t shake the feeling that more could’ve been done, too many changes to the core experience would’ve ruined what made the original Killing Floor so enjoyable; team-based shooting that was satisfying, rewarding and thrilling. As it stands, the enhancements to classes and the perk system add just that extra layer of depth to compliment the tighter, sharper combat that comes with the improved design. If you don’t have friends to play with, your experience will certainly vary with random teammates online, but the community is generally quite good about supporting one another and ensuring everyone survives - Good luck in getting them to share money for weapons, however. With continued support from Tripwire Interactive the game has incredible value, and it goes without saying that I give it a hearty recommendation, doubly so if you had any enjoyment of the original game."
,Recommended,232090,15478868,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,AlbinoMonster,"Even in its beta state, this game is already more complete and polished than some fully released AAA titles. The game is in great hands with the team at Tripwire Interactive, and while they continue to add content and balance gameplay, I have the utmost faith that they will create a masterpiece with this game"
,Recommended,232090,32877957,Posted: 27 June,all,FeaR,Stick on some metal and get ready to kill your way to happiness.
,Not Recommended,232090,22784301,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,hauser,empty promises: the game
,Recommended,232090,15900807,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Defiant Heretic,"Basically take KF -+ Keep the good old s**t,+ Add way better graphic (patched U3 engine)+ Add more enemies (currently the old ones plus more are coming)+ New effects and gore,+ Re-made characters,+ Make perks more deep,+ Customize skins even further (hats, glasses, crosses),+ Put english accents personas and voices,- Smell a DLC's behind itand you have, well -Kiling Floor 2 :DGame is currently in alpha state but it's fine as it is + more content, maps, perks, weapon are on the way.Only small thing is that the concept doesn't really changed so....for someone would be still preferable to stick with first game8/10""Is it working still that great? YES. Is it fun? YES Do I recommend it? ♥♥♥♥in' YES."""
,Recommended,232090,16433448,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Mark-IV,"Pros: Lots of gore, I mean, this is the goriest game ever made, it puts Mortal Kombat X and Soldier of Fortune to shame, I am serious. Gameplay is smooth and fluid, guns look, feel, and sound great, melee combat manages to be better than Shadow Warrior, it's very satisfying to kill enemies in every way possible. Graphics are better than many ""next-gen"" AAA games out there, doesn't even look like this is made by an Indie company, maps have an incredible attention to detail, everything is very colorful, enemies have superb animations, lightning effects are very realistic. As much as I don't like ""christian death metal"" this style of music fits in this game like a glove (luckly the vocals switched off by default. also, I think it's the first time I see a game that allows you change between instrumental and  music with vocals. That's pretty neat). Voice work is also good.Cons: The game still doesn't has the same variation of the original. Currently you only have 4 perks and 4 levels to choose, and the development has been pretty slow. The only real downside this game has so far is Zed Time. The grayscale filter is ugly, and the excessive bloom makes you blind. Hope they add an option to make Zed Time look like KF1 again.Neutral: I miss Alan Wilson's old lines from KF1. In KF2 he still dubs one character (Mr. Foster), but he only has a few bunch of lines. Most of his iconic lines such as ""It's raining moneeey"", ""Dosh, grab it while it's hot!  Loaaaads of money"" are gone. He has few new ones, but still much less lines than he had in KF1. I know many people found his voice annoying, but I miss him. If somebody knows a mod that can restore his old lines from KF1, please PM me with a link for it.Nonetheless, this is shaping up to become one of the, if not THE best co-op game of all times. This is the sucessor that KF1 deserves."
,Not Recommended,232090,22710405,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,VodkaTroll,"First of all, let me say I loved Killing Floor 1 and used to consider Tripwire Interactive a good example of successful indie developers.I used to.I have many issues with this sequel, the main one being the disappointment at this group of developers. I was expecting them to continue on their successful model ""passionate work and originality = quality = $$$"" in this saturated market, but instead they embraced the exact attitude of those producers whose eyes are solely on the money and all employ the same tactics which, somehow, have not gone downhill yet.Their decision to go Early Access, and the way they presented their work (right from the beginning there was basic, working gameplay and a few maps that offered entertainment), I was led to believe they would continue upon that aspect.But no.Lately rather than finishing their promises for a complete game, they are wasting time implementingMICROTRANSACTIONS.Killing floor 2 has so far been a financial success, these microtransactions (similar to the CS:GO crate system) are *NOT* needed to finish the game, they are what they are, a moneygrabbing scheme.They did not warn loyal customers (yes, I AM a loyal customer, as I purchased this in Early Access in order to help their fund, I gave them my trust and faith, did I not?) about such disgraceful marketing tactics if not a few days/weeks before their implementation. I know that an ""early access"" title can be subject to changes, but this is unacceptable, unfair, wicked, shameful, shamefuru dispray COMMIT SUDOKU, cowardly, devious, foul and absolute BULL ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥But I said ""many"" issues about this game, so now I'll talk about some game features that, well...they speak for themselves:-soundtrack: KF1 was renowned for its excellent (in its heavy metal genre) soundtrack, it was original and appropriate, what can you expect in KF2? Commercial, lower-grade more-popular ""nu metal"" without the vocals. If you like that, then it should be great news! But if you were expecting more of the original, you'll be sorely disappointed;-final boss: The Patriarch from KF1 distanced himself from the overused and overcommon archetypes of bosses, he looked unique, was unique, original, even if the theme of the mad scientist is overused.KF2? They made him a mindless mountain of muscles, of course, more flesh is always better, right?-characters: in the original KF the base, standard characters were soldiers of members of the police force, not the unrealistic 'murica f*ck yeah archetype. Boring? There were additional characters released as DLC, and others for free (if I am not mistaken), some sillier, some whatever, at least it gave the option not to choose a soldier.KF2: ""mercenaries"", because the story also went from ""catastrophe just happened, you're the first team sent in to contain it"" to ""the whole world's military force is paper maché, now who wants money?"", so FOR ME there is no more sense of communion between the players, mercenaries just want to deal with it and ♥♥♥♥ off, soldiers are doing their duty.So in conclusion: this is a microtransactions-filled betrayal of an original game with fancier graphics. It had a lot of potential, and it still does, if the developers get a slap across their face and return to sanity.And I'll try refunding this game even though I'm quite sure Steam will tell me to ♥♥♥♥ off, 15 hours on record.Since I am probably stuck with this game, will you please do something like, writing on their forums that you will buy the game if they drop their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t? Thank you."
,Recommended,232090,15482422,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,rockstar,this game takes killing floor 1 to the second floor!
76561198002728071,Recommended,232090,31488089,Posted: 1 May,all,Balrôg,"+low specs+more gorier+no more bug reports+scrakes and flesh pounds are helluva lot tougher than before+zombies in general are tougher+lot's o' maps(also customized ones)+freakin' awesome graphics+gameplay hasn't lost a bit of it's taste compared to it's predecessor+there are these servers (VS Survival) where you can be a Zombie. You can even be a Boss trying to take out the human team+3 extra perks+Online matchmaking can be a real savior(if you get bored of searching for specific servers or if you cannot find a server with any peaople in it instead you go this option , changing the filters however you like and O.M. gives you the best crowded server out there )+well designed+time in normal mode is 12"" more, while in harder modes is the usual 1:00' to get to the trader pot+stalkers are harder to seethe only con i've encountered so far:-you cannot add a server to your favourite list while in-gameSo final verdict. This game's ♥♥♥♥in' A-wesome. Quite easily a 10/10"
76561198076378149,Not Recommended,232090,23338454,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,crondog8,"My third and now last game I'll ever pre-purchase.  The other two?  Hitman Absolution and Duke Nukem Forever...Killing Floor 1 is fantastic, sadly this isn't... hopefully eventually it will be."
,Not Recommended,232090,23011896,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,_Singularity,"Its got barely any content compared to KF1. I like it, but it gets boring quickly, and some of the classes are just dull. I had high hopes for this game to be a proper zombie horde bloodbath I could invest hours into, but after a while, games feel like a chore to finish.Also, its started microtransactions, and people now care more about drops than actually playing the game properly. This wasn't implemented when it first came out into EA, and then they suddenly included it. It kinda feels like they're spending more time trying to market the game than actually finish it.I never really played much of KF1, but I know that veteran fans have been let down so much. Steam discussions for KF2 are just people posting about how♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off they are.This game could have been - and might still be - something decent. But, right now, it feels like it's going down the money-grabbing route, so I don't recommend it................"
,Not Recommended,232090,23601861,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Nuggernaut,"- Censorship,- Changed the aim of the game from PvE to PvP- Microtransactions before finished product- Slow updates with little transparency-WIP PS4 before finished productThat's a thumbs down.Was a great game, sad they tanked it into this horrid direction."
76561198170481545,Recommended,232090,25679964,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,🐱TabbyTops🐾,"- I join an online co-op match with 5 others- progress through the rounds with a bit of difficulty- boss round starts against 'the patriarch'- long intense fight entails- field medic dies- berserker dies- gunslinger dies- everyone else dies except from me- determined, i soak bullets into its face- boss health slowly goes down- hope.jpeg- Perk specific weapon ammo runs out- oh sh*t- pull out my measly starter pistol- take huge hits from the boss- i have 5 health remaining- boss powers up his missile barrage- i fire rapidly at him as a last ditch effort- i know this it it, i'm about to die- 'VICTORY'- i'm the last person alive- with 5 health- and my last bullet, of the last clip, on my last gun killed the boss- f*ck yeah- whole team chat erupts into excitement10/10 heart pumping game"
,Recommended,232090,30734201,Posted: 25 March,all,Schreibsessel,> Me coming home having a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ day> starting up PC> turning Volume & background music Up to 100%> launching Killing floor 210/10 Stress relief & Anger managment Simulator while shooting through hordes of gory flesh monsters in slow motion while listening to heavy metal background music.
76561197970978759,Recommended,232090,15723528,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,THEGREEN,"Killing Floor 2 Beta is more stable than the two latest Call of Duty & Battlefield titles.Killing Floor 2 Beta is more packed with features than the Sims 4.Killing Floor 2 Beta is more gorey than Wolfenstein, and that game is made on gore (and nazis).Killing Floor 2 Beta is more true to original than Tropico is at replicating itself.Killing Floor 2 Beta is more beautiful than any Ubisoft title this year thus far.Killing Floor 2 is in Beta and is still a better game than the Triple AAA field.Needless to say, I question life a lot now."
,Recommended,232090,30162019,Posted: 25 February,all,Scout,"Killing Floor 2 is a simple game with a simple premise: Blast the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a bunch of mutated creatures called zeds until you reach the boss at the end.It's wave-based survival. You and up to 5 other people work together to kill all zeds in the area. Each wave you encounter more zeds and more dangerous variants like Scrakes or Fleshpounds. Using your guns, skills, and teamwork, you paint the town red with gore until you reach the boss. After beating the boss, you win. This is pretty much all of what KF2 has to offer. It's short but sweet bloody action with lots of shooting and killing. As of this review, the only other kind of content in the game is a PvP mode where 12 players compete; 6 being humans, and 6 being ""elite"" zeds that constantly respawn among the wave of normal zeds. It's basically survival mode, but with human players to spice it up a bit.The game has a perk system where you're able to pick your class; each specializing in a certain area. For example, support is good with Shotguns and supplying ammo for the team, while Medic heals your teammates and poisons the zeds. It's good to have a well-rounded team as some perks are good for certian situations like crowd control, close quarters, or taking down large zeds. You level up your perks by simply killing zeds, and your stats increase every time you level up. Every 5 levels, you get to decide on a skill that gives you an edge in the fight, up to level 25 (Max level).There are 4 difficulties which get increasingly harder, requiring more teamwork. Zeds move faster, there's a bigger number of them, and you take more damage. Your difficulty should be determined by what level your perk is. If your perk is level 5, best you stick with hard mode. If it's 25, try going for Hell on Earth.There are microtransactions where you can buy keys to open crates, much like TF2 or CSGO. They offer purely cosmetic items like clothing or weapon skins.Really, that's all there is to say about KF2. If you fancy shooting a bunch of enemies until the entire map is a bloody mess, then it's pure chaotic fast-paced fun. Might be worth getting on a sale, as $30 is a tad steep if you don't plan on doing the same thing for very long."
76561198058246463,Not Recommended,232090,22654145,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,trololol_trolson,"The good: fun enough to play, i guess. i have 300 hours played and countingThe bad: not even close to the amount of fun of KF1The ugly:- What we all wanted: microtransactions in a game that is not even finished. yay!!- perks are not balanced. some perks are best left unused- you can't kite. almost as soon as you lose sight of a zed, it can be literally teleported to another point in the map, usually right around the corner where you're going- welding is pretty much useless. the only exception being when you have to run away and want to gain some time by blocking a door, yet somehow in the last update tripwire managed to find a way to make this awkward and almost impossible in some cases- dialogues have not even a resemblance to the fun dialogues offered in KF1TL; DR: Although i have a lot of hours played, and i plan to keep playing, i would not recommend to anyone to buy it. you better get KF1 (or keep playing if you already have). tripwire is so far from delivering their ""early access done right"" statement. get this until it is finally fully released."
,Not Recommended,232090,23480771,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Fauxy_,Just wait for the full release or play KF1.It's not worth the stress.
,Recommended,232090,15640211,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,kshdnz,Ruined my aim & movement in csgo.11/10! Totally worth the derank.
,Not Recommended,232090,21520493,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,EPIC_THOT_SLAYER,"Nearly a year of early access later, the game is still missing perks, and the perks we do have are unbalanced. But they added microtransactions, which is obviously what they should be focusing on, instead of gameplay content."
,Recommended,232090,15508781,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Chixdiggit,"Detailed review below the video.https://youtu.be/18H0vWXShw4Hard day at the office? School work bringing you down? Girl problems? Nobody understands you? Just having a rotten day? If you are like me sometimes you just want to forget about life’s problems and take out your aggressions with some mindless fun. On the surface, that’s what Killing Floor is all about. Head shot hordes and hordes of Zombies (Zeds) to survive the wave just to do it again. If you dig a bit deeper there is strategy to be found and tactics to be had but nothing your brain doesn’t have to think too hard about. Your biggest decision is picking out what weapon you want to use to impale some Zombies with.If you have played the original Killing Floor you know exactly what to expect here. It’s the same formula with new maps, new weapons, and new Zeds.  As of the Early Access release there is nothing gameplay wise that sets it apart from the original. No jet packs, no vehicles, no air strikes, just good old fashioned Killing Floor. It is far more polished then the original, the graphics have greatly improved, and somehow TripWire made it even more fun. This is partially due to the amazing frames of motion in Zed time that has greatly improved over the original.At its Early Access state you are getting a well-polished game. I have not had a single freeze or crash. I have only witnessed a few very minor graphical glitches and have had no issues joining servers. You are only getting three maps and one boss at its current state but Tripwire promises plenty of more content and we have no reason not to believe them based on their previous track record.This is a definite buy in my book."
76561198126083387,Recommended,232090,28845217,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,BucketsofBlood,1100+ Hours in and still enjoy playing. If you like FPS's this is worth the investment.
76561198129321798,Not Recommended,232090,22796692,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,stefit555,"as Timewatch12 said very accurately and in a short manner:""MTs in EACensoring forumSlow updatesNot fixing glaring issuesPvP instead of new maps or perksCrossover DLCBroken or unbalanced classesLittle amount of maps3.5/10""There is just honestly too many things you could go on about what is wrong with the game at the moment, one problem is, however, that these issues are not apparent for the first few hours you play the game, but these are deep issues one can not ignore. The most helpful negative reviews we have today tells why I personally do not recommend the game in its current state, I copied the shortest one to sum up what I have to say.The game is fun to play but it's going nowhere for a long time, getting worse actually (last 6 months or so). Most provocative thing is the forums are over-moderated, negative critique is mostly deleted, large rant topics moved from public viewers/locked/deleted, we have even started a group in which you post your screenshots of the messages you were banned for and the reason given of your ban (some of which are backseat moderation, off topic) but mostly it's funny ""reasons"", the real one being that TWI doesn't want negative reviews on the forums to influence their sales. Besides that they were ignoring the criticism absolutely for the last.. 6 months or more - then the damage control mode where one  community manager is inconsisent in his posts and just BS spoon-feeds the masses.One friend got banned for replying ""could we stay on topic please"" to some toxic fanboy, reason was ""backseat moderation"". I'll let you guess if the toxic fanboy comment was deleted or if he was banned too, just guess."
,Recommended,232090,24996944,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Alnatair,"Took a while, but we're here lads; full release.TL;DR at bottom.What is KF2?Killing Floor 2is a 6 player co-op survival game, but it isn't your average one. Killing Floor 2 is similar to Left 4 Dead in various ways. It has a memorable cast of characters with individual voice actors and voice-over lines, a fully stocked arsenal of guns, blades and bombs to use, and finally; A ton of Zed types to kill.The gameplay is fun, the graphics look great and it's only$30.Is it worth it?Definitely. For $30, I got almost250hours out of this game; and I'll still come back and play it occasionally with friends, because it's fun to play with friends.How long can you play it before you get bored?I'm the type of person who likes logging onto the game with an agenda of what I'd like to accomplish in that session, whether video game progression is a waste of time or not; that's what I enjoy.Killing Floor 2 suffers the same problem its predecessor had; the only agenda is to kill stuff and get xp for perks, so you can kill stuff on harder difficulties where the enemies give more xp...Once I was max level oneveryperk, the game lost my interest. That took about 200 hours.What to expect in the futureTripwire is known for supporting their games for years. The first game Killing Floor 1 had events, new maps and weapons added years past launch-day. Hopefully we'll also get Seasonal Zeds (Holiday Zeds, Halloween Zeds, Carnival Zeds, Hillbilly Zeds) and also the thematic character skins that came with those events.Objective ModeObjective mode was Killing Floor 1's attempt at adding scripted missions into the game. While two of the three added missions were rather lackluster with only one voice-actor doing all the talking and giving directions; the third one they added was a story-setup to the events of Killing Floor 2, and took the right direction.Hopefully when they add these in, they have a well-written story setup; although that's probably not why you're playing Killing Floor 2...Microtransaction ComplainersA fourth of the community got butthurt that Tripwire would add Microtransactions into the game while it was still in early access... cause, Rust, H1Z1 and a few others have never committed such atrocities. ""We're doing Early Access Right, we'll be done by December 2015"" they screamed mockingly on the forums, adding ""after we implement more ways toSTEALfrom our userbase."" Praise be to Cthulhu, all that finally ended.Killing Floor 2 has a system that's nearly identical to CS:GO's, that's about it... nothing really special there. The game is out in full-release, more updates are coming and you don't have to even believe microtransactions exist, they have no effect on gameplay.""Somebody has a purple spartan helmet? Must be hacks. Microtransactions aren't digitally possible!!!! Not in a title such as this!?!""Things I'd love in the gameRiot Shield Weapon for the Berserker, that would be awesome. Then I could finally roleplay as a ""BritishHeroic Bio-weapon-of-terror-brain- smashingRiotPolice Officer""Add Stat Tracking to each gun, available on a player's profile. Let it show how many times it's been bought from the trader, how many kills it has gotten, accuracy(rounds fired, hit, missed), boss kill counter.Fleshpound Blender weapon for Berserker. Husk Fireball/Flamethrower weapon for Firebug. Dual Gorefast blades for Berserker.Mrs. Foster. Bad Santa. Grim Reaper. Shadow Ferret. Gary Glover. Agent Wilkes (with his signature armor, not the neon stuff),HAROLD LOADSAMONEY.More weapons and more things to do in this game progression wise, maybe daily objectives that give you crafting parts? More ways to make things, make it more like TF2 and less like CSGO with the microtransactions.Portal 2 Aperture mapBRING IT BACKRating:1. This title is attrocious, I would never spend a penny playing this miserable piece of garbage.2. This game has potential, or had potential. But game breaking bugs or terrible controls/designled to a terrible experience.3. This game is mediocre, nothing terrible but nothing amazing.4. This game is pretty good. Good concept, not boring. Entertains you, as a video game should.5. Amazingly well made, overall a great game. It delivered on everything it promised and more. If you're looking for an amazing game to play, you've found it.Buy on Sale?1. Wait for this to be heavily discounted, not worth it's current price.2. This game holds up to its price, but waiting for it isn't going to kill you.3. This game is amazing, worth the price even if you don't get many hours out of it.4. Buy it, buy it right now. Add to cart, don't regret it; you won't. Car payment? pshhh. Rent? HA. Child support... oh there's nothing left to buy games with..."
76561198078475616,Recommended,232090,15515042,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Sir Von GentleDerp,"""Cloning? Well that makes threesomes easier""- Mr. Foster 2015Alright I guess it's time to actually give this game a revieve. Do I reccomend it? Yes. Why? Because it is total chaos and fun to play with friends. With all the new updates that Tripwire has added to this game it has really increased the playablilty factor to this game by a mand slide. With the new class system and how you can play differently each game really makes it interesting. Even with the difficulties changing how the Zeds fight you. Normal and Hard making them a mix between easy and normal (Duh) Then Suicidal to Hell on Earth making zeds a real damn threat. Team play really helps on harder difficulties(Obviously) but loads of fun when♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan. Only downside to the game right now would be the fact that there are not a lot of guns(This is subject to change as the recent Decent content pack was just released).All in all, it's awesome.PS. Music is a solid 21/10"
76561198039295920,Not Recommended,232090,21809471,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Marshok,"In principle this game is good. It continuates the system of Killing Floor 1 with far better graphics, smoother gameplay, more gore, more different zeds, etc. The gunplay feels as good as ever. Dismembering zeds is very satisfying and in slomo it's even better. There are more perks, there is a better progression system, and that's all very good.But here is the big 'but', 'however' and 'yet'. There are fewer guns for each perk (only 4 each instead of 5-10 for each perk) which doesn't allow for much diverse gameplay. And, despite all their promises, the game is still in early access and they appear to spend time on other projects (like a mobile version or a playstation version) instead of finishing the game first.Yes, there are more perks available now than at the start of the Early Access but even after almost a year, the game is still not finished (even though they said they needed only 6 months). We are still waiting for at least 4 perks and updates are very sparse.In its current state and because of broken promises, I can't rate this game very high. There is promise, but they screwed over their fanbase and the players who had faith in them, myself included. They should stop mucking about and finish this game already. It's a shame they proved to be such a big disappointment, because there was such potential."
,Not Recommended,232090,22381205,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,( MI ) Mission Incredible,"This game has gone  from manageable to a twisted adaventure with no known course. I stopped playing this heap of zed  diaper matter once i realized its more about making the game aggressive and nightmarish than to have a load of fun. Some companies can handle criticism and will do what it takes to earn the respect of the players who pay for the games. Other companies simply apply thier distress on the code and illegitamely make their displeasure of the reviews through the game.Many of the KF1 vets went home and plan to stay there. I think thats a good idea.Its been a year. The game was a disappointment then, and its a dissapointment now. Now this totatly twisted misconcepption called a game is desperately trying to add content to see if they can attact what flies are left in the gaming arena to land on the matter and consider purchasing this. I've flushed the matter, uninstalled the 24 servers I had built and just recently uninstalled the game. If after a year they cannot figure out that the Vets of KF1 should have had been listened to.....the people who really made the KF side of the house reknown - then its a sad day for this community. I am quickly losing faith in games that seem to know what they are doing. Its no longer a rich enjoyment - Its simply a way for them to get rich, and ignore how one has got where they currently are. Cya ! Enjoy the unpopular meltdown. The Pepto Dismal is in the med closet next to the crapper."
,Recommended,232090,25159568,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,BloodyEddy™,"UPDATE: January 2017A great co-op survival shooter that is fun to play and is very well optimized. However there's still room for improvement and here's a list of tweaks the devs need to take into account in the future:-limiting the time it takes to launch into the game (it still takes a couple minutes)-adding new modes (objective mode) and more weapons for each class-better drop rates (STOP WITH THE DAMN CRATES)As of late August 2016, Killing Floor 2 is starting to get better. The devs are finally getting their♥♥♥♥♥♥together after the huge and justifiable backlash they received from the community (microtransactions, ignoring and silencing general feedback, etc.).The good :-Fast paced, fun and addicting gameplay-Well optimized (60fps maxed out with a gtx 770+ i5 4670k)-Smooth Controls-Decent graphics-Good community and fun to play with friends-Free content, workshop and custom mapsThe Improvements :-General tweaks that improve the game in general (perk balancing, difficulty, smarter ai)-Higher drop rate for skins (got sick of getting crates and usb keys every damn time)-Sweat new perk SWAT, new weapons and a new map-Better and improved UI trader shopFixes and improvements for future updates :-Reducing the time it takes to launch the game (i have to wait nearly 2 minutes)-Re-balancing all 10 perks once they're released (better ammo count for Gunslinger)-Adding new modes (objective mode for instance like in KF1)-Adding event updates like KF1 had (Christmas, Halloween, Summer)-Adding stats tracking (all-time kills, ratio, accuracy, etc.)-An option that auto-bans low levels on HOE (especially those level 0s)-Bringing back The ChickenatorAs long as the devs stop being greedy with their microtransactions and start listening to the general feedback, Killing Floor 2 will improve !Can't wait for the Dragon Perk so i can use Kung-Fu on those zeds !!!"
,Not Recommended,232090,21899808,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Geulha,"They released a crate and key cash shop, like CS:GO, and are talking about adding a versus mode, like L4D, before even finishing all the classes and maps.It seems they're no longer making a game for the people who loved KF1."
,Recommended,232090,15480988,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Urah,I finally found the RUN button!!!And Fleshpound found the jump button.¬¬
76561198009822003,Recommended,232090,30925472,Posted: 3 April,all,☼│Hypno-On'nanoko│☼,"So let us just start from the beginning.back in the day i bought Killing Floor out of curiosity more than anything else. Fell in love.When KF 2 was announced and i started seeing pics and trailers i was hyped. It looked amazing!Tried not to be tooo hyped cause you can get negatively surprised.Bought it the moment it came out.I was NOT disappointed.Devs are still working, tweaking and developing new things/maps/weaps for the game. They love their game, and it shows. You can feel it as well!I find the game very well balanced between classes, no class is way better than any other (If you know how to play them ofc)Only tiny little thing i find annoying, is  classes (Commando is one)  where it is ridiculously expensive to buy ammonition. Which means you cannot get full mags for a round for endgame weapons before later rounds compared to other classes.There may come a tweak to that as well. ?If you like beautiful zombie shooter games. This is where it is at! My new pc runs everything on ultra and the sound is amazing as well! Def def def recommend."
,Not Recommended,232090,22850878,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,^('.'^AGw,"wooow, microtransactionsI recommend you buy original killing floor instead"
,Recommended,232090,15504225,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,BladeTwinSwords,"THIS IS STILL IN DEVELOPMENT SO GRADES WILL CHANGE!!!Length of Time Played:  25 HoursDistance Played: Played All Maps on SuicidalPersonal Grade: AOpinion of Each AspectGrading System - Outstanding, Excellent, Good, Acceptable, Poor, Horrendous, AbysmalGameplay: ExcellentStability: AcceptableStory: GoodControls: OutstandingGraphics: ExcellentMusic: ExcellentSounds: ExcellentDifficulty: OutstandingNotes: + (Positives), = (Small Gripes), - (Negatives)+ Mindless killing will keep you entertained for hours+ Tons of different kinds of zeds to slaughter+ Gore galore+ Very fitting soundtrack to go along with your killing spree+ Gun sound effects have that feeling of power to them+ Controls are fluent and easy to customize+ Enemy AI is challenging, especially on harder difficulties= Some of the voices seem a bit muffled= Some weapons seem pointless to get= A last weapon used button would be kind of nice to have- The Flesh Pounds feel a little too easy to cheese"
,Recommended,232090,15504237,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Venom Snake,Many say you still can't be killed by the floor. But the floor can be tricky. Very tricky.
,Recommended,232090,16259593,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,organflute,"You buy guns and kills waves of ZEDS, not Zombies. This is important, don't be a noob.There will be blood, and lots of it. So much in fact, that entire streets will be red and littered with severed limbs and heads. But there will also be compassion and love, you will be yelled at in russian and called a noob for raging the scrake with your handgun. You will not understand why, but you will learn, and you will grow as a person. Then you leave nursery that is 'normal' mode. Now, get ready to relearn everything you knew too be true, cause now the ZEDS behave differently, but the russians still yells, so at least you got that going for you.TAUNTS ZEDS"
,Not Recommended,232090,21953844,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Dawei87,"Development of this game is very slow and will only get slower now that they have decided to make a PVP mode and PS4 port before finishing the base game. Also, they decided to add microtransactions to the game a la CS:GO. None of these reasons is why I supported this game in early access."
,Not Recommended,232090,23570990,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Champion Plague Nexus,"Tripwire: ""Early access done right""-Adds micro-transaction-Adds PVP-Lack of content to main game, and trailing off.No, not done right."
76561198066254027,Not Recommended,232090,22696964,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Flaze35,"Killing Floor 2 was a game I had high hopes for. I joined in on KF1 only a few years ago, but it quickly became one of my favorite games, so of course I hopped right on the KF2 hype train. I didn't expect a perfect game upon release of early access, but I was at least confident that it would turn out all right. Boy was I wrong. I can excuse the slow progress for new content; they're a relatively small company. But there's a lot of things that they did that really don't make sense. They claimed they wanted to balance the game over time, yet they had no method of making small balance patches until a month or two ago, resulting in often terrible balance between major (quarterly) updates. They added a pvp mode that nobody wanted. Sure, they say the game mode development team made it, but what does having two modes imply? It implies they either need to balance guns with consideration for both modes, or create separate balance changes between modes. Both solutions result in requiring more work. Microtransactions wouldn't be so bad if they weren't pure randomness with crates and keys. As it is right now, your only options for getting that one accessory you want are either to spend lots of dosh hoping for what you want, or to buy the item from other players for more money than its probably worth. It doesn't help that in recent months, Tripwire has only added fuel to the fire. A majority of their recent patches have given the impression that they are prioritizing pvp, and forum moderators are becoming trigger happy with the bans for anyone critical of their game. I still get the impression that Tripwire intends to finish this game, and that slow development (at least recently) is partially due to the fact that they lost developers and are having a hard time replacing them. However, a long series of bad decisions and lack of communication has resulted in a snowball of (understandable) negativity in parts of the community. Now, they have resorted to hiding this negativity as much as possible, both on the steam discussion pages and on their own forums. There's so much more I'd like to list but for the sake of brevity, I hope anyone who reads this has already gotten the point.Anyway, sorry for the long tangent. Back to the actual quality of the game itself: the visuals are great and everything looks amazing compared to killing floor 1.  Game balance is poor, but hopefully that gets fixed eventually. For me, KF2 lacks the replayability of KF1, in its current state. I don't know exactly why, so don't ask. Basically what you should take from this is that if you liked KF1, it doesn't mean you'll like KF2. And now for the bottom line: Is KF2 fun? It's fun when playing with friends (whether they're real life friends or ones you made over the net). But when those friends give up on the game and uninstall because they've lost faith in the developers, it stops being fun. In other words, don't get this game if you want to join public groups with randoms."
,Not Recommended,232090,20977653,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,p3rf3ctw0r1d,For reference I purchased this game shortly after early access launch.You should buy this game if you want to promote developers using microtransactions in already early access unfinished games.You should not buy this game if you give a crap about developers caring about more than their customer's money.Early Access Game + Microtransactions = giant pile of crapSorry tripwire....you screwed up. I have reached out with the community to fight back against the microtransactions in an unfinished game and there was a very underwhelming response. As far as I'm concerned this is the last game I will buy from tripwire unless they remove the microtransactions.
,Recommended,232090,15489441,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Leon S. Kennedy,"So probably first of all I should say I really enjoyed the original. So much that I actually got all 285 achievements in it, hence you might assume I was quite excited when they announced the sequel. The game is everything the original was with a handful of enhacements to the gameplay itself and several new features like character customization to stand out from another person who might be using the same character.Core gameplay remains the same, so fans of the original will get what they expected with an added challenge as the difficulty has been ramped up thanks to the new AI and map design. There  essentially are no safe spots and enemies seem to crowd you even more than in the original title. You want a challenge? You will definitely get one with this game.Speaking of difficulties, the only thing you ever see in a game with difficulty increase is one or more of the following: Enemies have higher HP, deal more damage or there are simple more of them than on a lower difficulty. Now this game changes everything about this cheap standard as in Killing Floor 2 with higher difficulty, also changes the bahaviour of the AI and the enemies get entirely new attack sets that you never see them using on let's say ""Normal"" difficulty. The enemies, get more aggressive, attack more, get enraged more and tend to run instead of just slowly walking at you. This is a really unexpected and intriguing development in the game world.If we consider the technical side, of course, there is a bug here and there to be found but visuals are impressive and you can't really complain about the performance either. However, be warned that this developer, as many others these days, do not support integrated graphics cards, so if you are on a laptop chances are the game won't work at all for you.Also, the game uses the integrated card by default so be sure to change to high performance in your control panel before playing it.Now you might wonder why it is in Early Access if it plays so great? Well quite simply it is a finished product with a lack of content. There is quite a selection of weapons to choose from (almost 30) but there are only 3 maps to play on and even though the 4 perks (classes) that are present in the game work perfectly together, those are only 4 of the planned 10 perks in the game currently.So in conclusion, the game runs perfectly fine, visuals are great, soundtrack is fitting for the massive killing that happens in the game and amazingly incorporated too, replay value is as high as it can possibly get in a game and entertainment levels are over 9000 but the downside is the current lack of content. Even so it will keep you playing for quite some hours, especially if you are gonna want to level those perks up.If Killing Floor 2 was a zed itself, then figuratively you could easily say that KF1 is its skeleton and the new additions are its meat, and we all know the meat is the good part here ;)"
,Not Recommended,232090,22322143,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Yukii,"""We're going to do early access right""This was the words from the president of Tripwire Interactive and while at the time of him saying this his words looked promising but after being out for almost a year in early access it's not really looking like that at all. I had a previous written review from the patriarch release but since my complaints have been fixed recently i had removed it. However with that said i still cannot recommend Killing Floor 2 in it's early access state.As of April 8th 2016 Tripwire has released a new ""content pack"" for Killing Floor 2 which adds two new weapons, a new map, a bunch of fixes and a controversial PVP mode into the game. As an early adopter of Killing Floor 2 in it's early access phase i can say that i am not longer interested in this game and the direction it is now heading. When i first purchased Killing Floor 2 i was expecting a more updated Killing Floor with some new additional features that would improve on the issues the original game had. While it has done this in some aspects it has failed in others.The main controversy right now with this rrecent update is the inclusion of a ""PVP"" mode into the game. I can quickly say that this mode just is not fun to play at all. It's rather unbalanced, glitchy and seems to have been quickly put together at the last minute. I do not understand what tripwire has been doing in the past 4 months they have had for working on a new update but if it has taken them this long to release 2 weapons, one single map and a buggy PVP mode that has no thought of balance then i can safely say i have given up on tripwire. The funny thing about the inclussion of this mode is that nobody asked for PVP mode to be included in Killing Floor 2 nor was anyone exactly interested in it to begin with. A poll from the Killing Floor 2 forums below can clearly show this. Instead of working on this PVP mode tripwire could have instead placed more time into working or finishing the Sharpshooter perk which everyone has actually been asking for but they instead to release a broken PVP mode that is not even properly balanced or even fun to play....http://forums.tripwireinteractive.com/showthread.php?t=100553This has been a rather disappointing update and if it has taken them 4 months to come out with just this then i can asume that Killing Floor 2 won't ever reach the end of early access until the late end of 2016. I would seriously recommend anyone who thinks about purchasing this game wait for the final release."
,Not Recommended,232090,23603073,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Shekel,"The state of this game is a disgrace. The fact that this game is balanced around the easiest difficulty is a disgrace. The fact that the developers, who struggle to even complete the easiest difficulty, somehow find more ways to make a very simple & fun game needlessly & unjustifiably convoluted, is a disgrace. The game direction heading towards pandering to the lowest common denominator over loyal fans is a disgrace. The way that Tripwire is trying to offset the consequences of their latest update fiasco, by getting shills to play & write (not even comprehensible sentences) positive reviews during a Free Weekend to keep their ratings afloat, instead of JUST listening to their community, is a disgrace.I've endured the painfully slow updates. I've tolerated the introduction of microtransactions instead of actual game content, before the game has actually been completed. I've muscled through the haphazard attempts at balancing gameplay. Along with many others, we did this hoping things would get better. But at this point, it's blatantly obvious that those who worked on the original Killing Floor and made it great, no longer work at Tripwire.Do not listen to the shills that have only played a couple of hours and have no knowledge of the actual game mechanics required to clear higher difficulties. Listen to the ones who have stuck around since the beginning, that have bathed in the hellfires of disappointment. Do NOT buy this game and give the developers any more money.I write this at a time when many potential new players will be entering KF2, and I am bracing myself to weld doors like I've never welded before. As Level 0 newcomers pop into Hell of Earth games full of Level 25s, wandering off on their own raging scrakes or fleshpounds and then proceeding to run back to the group with chaos in tow, I will close the damn door and weld them out. As they die due to their own folly, they will look at me in disbelief, asking ""Why?"" , and I will answer ""To save you from this game."" I will weld players out of this game so that they will not suffer the lies and incompetence of Tripwire, and also to highlight the fact that Tripwire hasn't fixed the bloody matchmaking system since the launch of early access."
,Recommended,232090,16276440,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,CaptainOblivious,"I came into Killing Floor expecting to deal with floors that kill people.Instead, I saw lots of naked men falling from the eiffel tower (and crawling from the sewers)It was my erotic nightmareMisleading title.Great Game12/10"
,Not Recommended,232090,21060651,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"""Hey, I know - let's take the workshop, one of the main selling points of Killing Floor, and replace it with microtransactions in early access."""
,Recommended,232090,26830045,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,'OnlyMe..,"Killing Floor 2 is doing what the first episode did. Brutal and action-packed co-op zombie shooter , In addition to the first game this one has a lot of improvements like ~- game mechanics,-new animations for zeds,-graphics.-soundtrack, and more.The basic strategy is uncomplicated ~-stay grouped. ''cooperation with team is crucial if you want to be successful (mainly in higher difficulties)''-conserve ammo.-have a good healer.-know when to run away.-know what parts of the map give you the most room to maneuver.I really recommend this game! because it is a team-based game, great for gaming with friends, as well the price is very good!"
,Not Recommended,232090,21610411,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Killeon,"Tripwire Interactive, devs of jewels such as Killing Floor 1 and Red Orchestra 2 took a wrong turn once again. Why again? Because they should've learned what happened with Rising Storm, RO2's DLC that literally killed the game.Pros:- Decent graphics.- A lot of gore.- IMO, weapons sound good.- New perks and rebooted old ones.- Metal for music, which by the way blends nicely with the game.Cons:- ""Early access"" is the new excuse to avoid adding content to the game. It's been 11 months and they added a few maps, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ weapons and some perks.- Removed the workshop to make a profit out of it. Did Tripwire actually thought that adding CS:GO's or DotA2's market system would work in a game that lived for so long thanks to its workshop?- Balance is crap. Some perks aren't even worth using them.- No skillcap whatsoever. If you want to play harder difficulties, you have to level up your perks, else, you're completely useless.- Just a few bunch of maps, not too many options for weapons (unlike vanilla KF1 and its mods).- A new, brainless feature that makes Scrakes and FPs run forever if the zed counter is low. In other words, death sentence if you didn't kill them before.- Optimized? This game? Hell no.All in all, Tripwire ♥♥♥♥ed this game up for good, in fact, they ♥♥♥♥ed their reputation for good. It's going to be a year since they launched this game for 30/40$ (I don't want to remember honestly) and they added nothing but microtransactions.Even if they make this game better in a distant future, I'm not buying♥♥♥♥♥♥from Tripwire anymore, unless they admit that they've robbed us players.4/10"
,Recommended,232090,29251561,Posted: 14 January,all,Ditendra,"At first developers disappointed us with lots of things when this game was still in Early Access stage, but now as a final product, I can say it's a good game with lots of fun."
76561198022562135,Not Recommended,232090,26695474,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Quxudais,"Killing Floor 2. Where to begin.. Well first things first I should give a little background. I currently have roughly 250 hours played in this game, I purchased it during Early Access prior to the release of the Firebug and Demolitionist perks, roughly a year ago. I've played every perk in the game on every main map and tried innumerable custom maps, I'm sure there are those with far more time invested than me but I'd say I'm pretty up there considering.I love solid horde mode shooters, I know many find them stale or repetitive but I could play a good one ad nauseum and never get bored. Even if it has no ""progression treadmill"" or loot rewards, if the game play is fun I will keep comming back. As such Killing Floor 2 should be right up my alley.. and it is.. for the most part.First, The Positives:KF2 is a pretty slick looking game.The animations are spot on, with multiple bits of flare for each gun that really add personality and charm to the game. Hitting the Reload button when full will queue up idle animations for your weapon that range from checking the magazine to tweaking gas bottles or charging slides. This dedication to detail is commendable and gives the game a great sense of weight. Enemies also benefit from this level of polish, each with their own unique animation quirks and well designed organic looking attacks that all flow very well. From the agile stalkers to the creepy crawlers, to the shuffling clots and waddling bloats.. it all comes together to present a solid audio-visual experience.The Goresystem in the game takes this one step further and adds a real.. meat.. to the game play (couldn't resist). Zed's heads explode in satisfying pops of blood, bodies get cut in half as their viscera and fluids paint the level red and burning corpses stumble about with some of the best fire effects to be seen in a non-tripple-A title.Couple this with a cheese-metal sound track (which, admittedly, your mileage may very on. As a metalhead, much of it sounds like generic metal to me and I turned it off after a couple play throughs) and you have a game that is dripping with a grindhouse horror aesthetic. It's pure fun that doesn't take itself too seriously (or at least, in this sense it doesn't). Really isn't much to complain about when it comes to the visual and audio presentation of the game. As a bonus it's always ran well for me on my mid-level rigs.The Gameplayis, at it's core, another win. KF2 has responsive gunplay with most weapons feeling quite powerful and enjoyable to use. The sound assets are generally good and few things are more satisfying than chaining head-exploding shots in the games signiture slo-mo as you line up zeds and knock them down. Most Perks (aka, classes) are capable of handling themselves well enough, but teamwork is very important. You abslutely will get overrun on harder difficulties if you try lone-wolfing. Things can quickly get chaotic which lends the game a high energy charm.Most styles of play are reasonably represented. You have Perks that focus on acurracy, rewarding consistant head shots or targeted limb takedowns. You have Perks that focus on mass destruction, killing large amounts of fodder Zeds so the heavy hitters can down the big threats. There's even a melee brawler if you want to get in close and chop Zeds to Shreds with a claymore or an explosive sledge hammer.You only really have one option if you want Support (which, ironically is not the Perk named support but rather the Medic) which focuses on healing the team. The actual Support Perk is more accurately described as a CQB specialist with a selection of shotguns at its disposal, it's ""Support"" aspect is mostly limited to a once-per-round ammo refill for a teammate (if you take the skill that allows it).All in all there's a decent variety of play styles available. The usefulness of each varies from patch to patch as Tripwire balances the game, but they tend to cycle around on the blancing-merry-go-round. Ultimately the game play experience is an enjoyable one that rewards dipping in and out of from time to time. It's not a bad looking game certainly and it's very well presented. Still, things aren't all sunshine and rainbows..The NegativesSo, after such a glowing first half what could possibly be wrong with the game? Well..To start with you should know what you are getting here; KF2 seems to offer a great deal of potential but a key thing to keep in mind is simply.. Tripwire was not that ambitious. They set out to a make a solid core experience and they've, generally, succeeded. The end result is, however, fairly rudimentary.There is only one (PVE) game mode available right now. Every match consists of 4/7/10 waves (depending on which length you choose) and your only goal each time is just to survive. There are no objectives to complete or bonus tasks to accomplish. Your goal is to kill as many zeds with as little ammo as possible so you can buy your next weapon ASAP. This can lead to the gameplay getting rather stale. I mentioned at the start of this review that I personally enjoy repetitive gameplay loops and that's true, but I need some level of depth to exist in them to maintain that enjoyment. KF2 simply doesn't have this. Generally speaking every game plays out the same, the only variable being whether your teammates get luckier on the Zed spawns and rack up kills faster than you (thus slowing down how quickly you can get your weapons, refill your ammo, or aquire armor/grenades).Each wave is always the same. Even without certain more dangerous enemies announcing their spawns with level-shaking roars, you'd still quickly figure out when they are comming. X number of Y baddies always show up on wave four, wave five  (in a ten wave match) always has the first big bruiser while wave seven will frequently be the fail point for a bad PuG.  There's an element of variation to this from the games ""Director"" AI, true. If you've ever played Left4Dead then you know what that Directorshouldbe capable of. Unfortunately KF2's version of this is a pale immitation and, unless you know to look for the differences it's possible you wouldn't even realize its there.Perks have only the most basic level of inter-team synergy. There are no ""powers"" in KF2, just guns, and while that's not neccisarily a bad thing it does mean that there's not neccisarily much you can do beyond shoot the same targets. There aren't any combos to pull off or bonuses beneath the surface. Team synergy really just consists of ""shoot the same thing"" with the occasional stun tossed in.Weapon variety is also a bit on the bland side. Tripwire themselves are self-declared gunnuts which is easily seen in the attention to detail they've given both the guns and the gunplay. While that's commendable, they also haven't really put much creativity into the weapon list. Most guns are based on real world, functioning fire arms which feels more than a little at odds with the rest of the games shlocky B movie vibe. There are a couple outliers; Berserkers can carry a giant buzzsaw that can shred enemies like a chainsaw or fire buzzsaw blades like bouncing frisbees of death. Firebugs get a Microwave gun that cooks enemies from the inside out causing them to explode in showers of blood. Unfortunately these are the only two really outlandish guns in the game.There are other issues as well. Tripwire conducted a community poll to see if we wanted PVP, it was overwhelmingly against the idea but they added it anyway instead of improving the PVE. The game notoriously recieved a microtransaction system mid-EA, your mileage may vary on what to make of that. Ultimately KF2 feels like a solid basis for a game, crippled mostly by an unambitious dev team. There's not much content in the game but what is there is solid enough. I really wouldn't reccomend it at full price, but on sale? Sure."
,Not Recommended,232090,22295752,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,OD,"I used to love this game. I was a huge fan of the original Killing Floor and I've always supported Tripwire in their endeavors in making KF2. However, I have to write this review with deep disapointment for Tripwire.To start off, Killing Floor 2 at the core as a game works and is fun.  It's good traditional horde based combat with stellar animations, visuals, and gunplay. That fun is very limited though, as this game has been in EA for nearly a whole year and filled with nothing but broken promises.Content is still missing and there are numerous issues/bugs that have yet to be patched: the release of SWAT/Martial Artist or any information, Support Specialist is severly underpowered and is outclassed by Gunslinger, Demolition has been nerfed to the ground even though you had to get Level 25 to make him useful in the past, the skill trees lack any variety/depth and do not make you feel like you're customizing your class to play the way you want to play, maps are filled with exploits making them incredibly easy to beat even on the highest difficulty, functionality of the game has drastically dropped and now the game  is filled with hitches. With many more numerous issues that are too lengthy to add to this review.They also introduced a cash shop in the game to a title which was already lacking so little content from the get go. Now while I do respect all the wonderful artist who sent their items in and have been approved, I cannot support them in this buisness practice as it detracts from the goal of the original games content and a finalized product. It's hard to support this game and its artist when updates only come around every 4-5 months which bring minor content that can be finished in no time. How can you expect one to buy skins/cosmetics to keep me entertained if I've completed nearly 90% of the content? There is hardly anything to go back to.The addition of a VS mode has not helped in anyway in making this game fun for the community. It's a tacked on gamemode which very little balance surrounding it. Because of this, balance issues will be distributed towards fixing this game mode that lacks any signifigance outside of being just a tacked on cliche'. Ultimately it's a gamemode nobody asked for.Last but not least, broken promises. The devs, while friendly, have broken many promises that the community was told they would receieve. One of them in particular was making crawlers (a spider-like enemy) crawl on surfaces within the game. When asked when they would receive it, TW's response was ""It's too hard, we cannot do it."" .I defended this game for a long time; but today I've had enough. It pains me to say this but you should not purchase this game anytime soon until the full intial release from early access. It's a 30 dollar game with potential that is ultimately stopped by a development crew who doesn't care enough to release things in a timely or well designed/balanced manner. I wish all purchasers good luck as we wait for another 4-5 months for the next update and all potential purchasers to wait for a very big sale or a free weekend."
76561198046650077,Recommended,232090,19276655,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Eternal President Uncle Slam,"***FUNNY UPDATE*** My review has a fan club!  Seems as though not only are the review bombers spamming bad reviews on this game, but they are also conspiring to thumb down reviews they disagree with.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=572810488Keep this is mind readers when you are wondering the truth about this game, a group of 1000 protestors are manipulating the reviews to their agenda. *Note to steam moderators or tripwire, if this screenshot violates any rules then I can remove it on your call.*IMPORTANT UPDATE I got a free head band from these ""HORRIBLE"" micro trans. I honestly could not care less about anyone that hates this update. If I can get free hats idc, I am golden. There is now also a section talking about how mts work in this game.  Back when the review was first written they were not out yet, so now its there.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=570776497This game is currently being review bombed due to the micro transaction ""crisis"".  I feel I must try to counter the complaining and point out a few things about the whole movement that I find stupid.  This is a very good game and to knock the whole game down over one trivial thing is stupid.  As someone with 100+ hours on this game and all Hell on earth achievements(at the time of this review) I would like to tell you why this game imo is very fun.  Without people to counter this non sense I feel the kf2 community will fall in numbers and that is something I will not sit by and watch.First off kf1 has micro transactions, so complaining that they are now a thing is very stupid.  Honestly kf1 had much worse microtransactions because they actually sold weapons rather then just skins, which is just straight up pay to win.  They also complain about how its bad because its in early access, but i say to that ""since when'?  Honestly compared to every other early access game I have played this is by far the most polished and regularily updated of them all.  Take a look at the garbage dump early access games on steam (such as dayz) and tell me its fair to call this game early access.  There is zero game breaking bugs, its runs extremely smoothly(on my pc), and they JUST ♥♥♥♥ING UPDATED with new maps, a new boss, character, and a new class.These review bombers like to point out how scummy it is that instead of updates they are putting in micro transactions, but that is simply not true.  Like I previously pointed out the game was just updated and there is will be even more getting added later.  The thing they are not getting is that the micro transactions need to be tested and fixed before full release just like every other aspect.  They would whine just as much if micro transactions got added after release filled with bugs.  As far as I can tell these bombers are just looking for excuses to complain and since their is no justification to their anger they make things up.  Trust me, someone who managed to put 150 hours into an ""unfinished"" game, that this is an extremely fun and addicting game.  Not only is it fun, but its probably one of the most challenging PVE type games out their.Let me explain how these micro transactions actually work, so you can get an idea of how they work from someone who doesn't hate them.  I am not really that big into micro transactions, but they aren't really a bad thing either.  Well anyways there is a store now on the game where you can buy keys to open crates filled with goodies.  If you are familiar with tf2 then you already know how it works.  Like in tf2 you get crate drops and item drops which you can then sell for real life money to people on the community market place.  Or instead of selling them you can equip them your self and open the crates with the keys to get even rarer items.  There is a quality system to the items and some items will be worth alot more if you want to sell them, so if your lucky the game can pay for itself.  Currently all the bonus micro transaction items are only cosmetic and offer no stat bonuses like in more scummy games.  The devs have stated that they plan on maybe putting new weapons in the crates, but you won't need to get the weapons in order to use them.  As long as anyone in your game has it then you can use it too, so its sounding like the devs are going to make this fair.  Back in kf1 the dlc weapons were not shared with people who didn't buy them, so its good that tripwire learned from their mistakes on that.Enough bombing the bombers though, let me give you a quick run down of why I think this game is worthy of your mighty dollar(hopefully I expunged all the♥♥♥♥♥♥slinging from your mind and you are ready for some positive reviewing).  Like I said before its basically not even an early access game, to me it feels more like a finished game with a steady stream of free dlc.  If you had ever played kf1 then you know that kf1 continued to add maps after its release and to me I think thats what kf2 feels like.  The game has a very smooth feel to, idk how else to say it.  Its just every thing you do from moving around, to shooting, and clubbing zeds everything just feels right.  Its the opposite of how dayz or Arma feels if you are familiar with those excremate piles. On top of the smooth feel to the game its also very fun and challenging.The game takes place in a sort of post apocalyptic world where mad science experiments have taken over and its your job to kill em all. The game is a wave combat type game where their is 10 waves and a final wave with a boss to fight(like nazi zombies but astronomically better).  Each wave gets progressively harder as more difficult zeds start to spawn in and  pound your group to shreds.  I dont really want to spoil the surprise of seeing these meat monsters for yourself, but just know they are truly badass!  Then when you beat all the waves the boss shows up and hes meaner then all the previous baddies put together and even calls on them to assist him.  Right now we have two bosses and they may even add in more in future updates.Another neat feature is the classes that you can choose from that all play and kill in their own unique way.  Right now we got a pyro, demoman, melee guy, assault rifleman, medic, shotgun support, and dual pistol classes.  There will in the future be a martial artist, a swat guy, and a sharpshooter.  Each class gets their own weapons to buy during the waves and as they level up you get skills to choose from like in a rpg.  My personnal favorite is the Berserker/melee guy because I like to charge in first and slam some skulls, but I think everyone has a class that fits their style of preffered combat.So basically this is an amazing game and I fully reccommend you ignore the bad reviews because they are only bring one bad thing(in their mind) up out of 100s of good things.  If you are anything like me(a gamer) then you will love this game!  Hell you might even end up liking the micro transactions too, it sure works for csgo and tf2.  You play the market right and you may just end up paying for the game and more with the drops you sell on the market, so good luck!"
,Recommended,232090,15775991,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Kaneki Ken,"If you liked Killing Floor, you will not make it hard to grow fond in this sequel, which in the Early Access version on Steam here analyzed sported a solid gameplay although no major innovations in co-op / survival. The difficulty is certainly higher than usual, the weapons respond very well and the four classes, each with a number of skills to unlock, are just a taste of what awaits us in the full game. If only one mode is not enough and are fed up with hordes of monsters, 19.99 euro required are frankly too many right now."
76561198041699470,Not Recommended,232090,22289660,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,"Chef ""Neversaves"" Zakarian","I bought this awhile ago thinking it would get updated frequently. they added a few guns since then but overall the updates are almost non-existent and the game feels very bare and repetitive.Guns are few for each class and there really isn't much player choice on how you want to play if you want to play effectively.After you play two games you probably won't want to play again for the rest of the day/week/month/year/lifetimeAiming feels odd to me for certain enemies and guns, I wish I could elaborate more on this, the bullets feels really slow, and some of the hitboxes seem kind of wonky, I will shoot at the red runner guys and miss 4-5 times in a row when I sware i'm aiming RIGHT for their head but get nothing but air. it seems strangely hard to hit anything moving in any direction other then a straight line right to you.Matchmaking is god awful, you select ""allow in progress games"" and it will frequently bring you to a game that's on the final wave or even ON the boss round... I select this option thinking ""yea it's cool if a couple waves passed"" I'm sure there was NO other game it could have put me in except that on the boss round one, sure...They are already doing miscrotransactions for weapon and player skins, and the actual games progress hasn't really moved much since when i first bought it."
76561197985072747,Recommended,232090,15642191,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Co-op wave based FPSI enjoyed the first killing floor in small doses, mainly due to the active co-op element, and also the British influence. I decided to get this after watching gameplay videos, and watching the short film that got me in the mood.The characters you can play have their own voices and can be customised more now. You can also chose one of four classes for added perks. This allows you to add your own influence on any game. These classes can be levelled up as you play each game.After several waves of enemy types, which are the same as in the original game, I think this was a case of if it ain't broke don't fix it. You get to fight the boss. This is the hardest part of the game and can also be the most frustrating, There is only one boss type at the moment, although I hope they will add more, with different tactics needed to beat them. The current one will spam various gas and explosives and will charge you to drain your life force. You will need to work as a team to defeat him.There are currently three levels and they all look great and have unique designs. The weapons are varied enough, with the new Medic weapons adding some class.The servers are quite active already so you won't have any trouble finding a game.If you want a co-op game where you shoot stuff with new friends but don't want to be bothered with side missions and a story then this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,232090,19788873,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,UnluckyDuckie,"Killing Floor as a series sits on top of a very simple premise for a video game: There are a number of monsters, you kill them, you get better gear at a checkpoint, you fight a bigger number of monsters next round and you repeat this until you get to the biggest of them. The first title in this franchise executed its basic premise using an almost perfect formula, mixing player skill as well as knowledge to provide a thrilling experience on all levels of play for something that would otherwise become a monotonous and repetitive task.Sadly, Killing Floor 2 distanced itself from that formula, applied most of its budget in the art department, kept bad things about the first game, worsened others, and, instead of listening to feedback from people who actually invested their time to analyze the title, developers began to build it around its errors that catered to new players, mostly to keep their own egos intact:Aiming for a quicker and modernized experience, the game's pacing was increased; yet, somehow, the ""killing"" aspect was made slower:Characters can now sprint and cover an entire map within a minute or so, but their ability to switch weapons and their reload speed were drastically reduced (or at least not kept up to par). Ironically, the overall size of the maps were also reduced due to (what I assume are) engine limitations, which would otherwise cause severe optimization issues, or, better yet, make some players frustrated because they weren't paying attention to their distance from the checkpoint as they were killing everything.So, you move faster now, but the maps are smaller and the things you can do in them are more limited, which when put together, in my view, makes for the definition of counterproductiveness both from a gameplay and development standpoint.Enemy spawning and speed were tweaked to ""reduce boredom"":Enemies will spawn anywhere at anytime whenever a player is not looking. That corner right next to you that you just checked? Yeah, it's full of spiders now, that can move and surround you faster than you can say ""arachnophobia"". If you somehow manage to get away from that, worry not about feeling bored from being alone for more than 5 seconds... the game willteleportthe spiders to the nearest obscured corner in your very path! Nevermind that door you just welded shut behind you, your casual real life logic does not apply here... well - except for that one part where the doors break down and don't come back magically - i mean.This is very ""exciting"" on lower difficulties where you might as well play blind folded, on higher difficulties however it will just force you to sit against a wall in a corner of a map with natural chokepoints that have you simply sit and point n click until thistorturemodernized experience ends, taken that long gone are the times where you had to think a little and make a combination with weapons in order to defeat certain types of enemies or keep welded doors closed to control the flow of the, now spacetime continuum manipulating, horde.Grinding mania 2 electric boogaloo:Having to spend 50 hours to get a character artificially buffed enough in order to tackle on harder difficulties in the first game by reaching Level5wasn't enough, now you can spend 50 hours+ getting a character artificially buffed enough in order to tackle on harder difficulties in the second game by reaching Level25... that only gets any significant strengths every 5 levels, so Level 25/5, orjust Level 5.Nevermind how much padding this adds into such a simple minded game, the sheer amount of time necessary to get the full experience (current 7 out of 10 classes so 350 out of 500 hours of grind currently) turns an otherwise interesting pastime into a chore.Clear difference between Strategies of Masochism x Optimization:Certain character classes (Shotgun Support class) takemuchmore player effort as well as in-game credit investment to get on the same playing ground of other, simpler classes (Flamethrower Firebug class).The Skill ceiling for the game has a clear cap that is not rewarding nor too interesting to explore if not for sheer masochism. Taken the game is now about running a lot and thinking little, Classes that can move the fastest have simply the easiest time in the game because they don't get hit as often (Morphine junkie Medic) and coincidentally also have some of the highest damage output weapons available (Melee tank Berserker, High caliber revolver wielding Gunslinger). Slower classes still have the ""strongest"" weapons in the game but the time necessary to output their potential stopping power outweighs the time they usually survive in order to even do it. With the teleportation and grinding, it might as well be a waste of time to not have the fastest (Berserker), dumbest (Firebug) and most boring (Medic) of classes to play as in high difficulties if you want to ""beat"" this bloody PvE game.Early Access games are difficult to formulate a solid review for, taken that things are still being made and could go from poor to exceptional and vice-versa at any given time. But, after almost a year, I feel Killing Floor 2 took this development route not for receiving feedback and offering a more lax update schedule, but rather establish a fantastical advertisement campaign bloated with ambition.The developer straight up ignores the portion with the most player feedback (Steam Forums) regarding both mechanic suggestions and bug reports, having game breaking issues reported early on remain unaccounted for as well as worsening (parry bug on KF-Outpost and now all over the new maps) among other things. They have one (1) moderator and a community manager who might as well not exist to supervise the whole thing with well over +1000 customers while their ""pray-to-get-into"" private forums where people are somewhat listened to effectively creates a catering to a certain minority who might as well not play the game (they added collectibles to their maps due to ""demand"". who even asked for this?)Updates take roughly 3~4 months, and with the content and tweaks I've seen I conclude the guys making the road map are either schizophrenic, listening to nobody in particular and making changes that make little to no sense, or simply have no idea where the game is headed; however, they remain so sure of themselves that it will be just so great, they even decided to put up a ready-to-go cash shop and gamble crate system for a game that is barely halfway done.TL;DR:If you're looking for a game to invest time into, this is currently not for you and will never be taken that it is not being developed with your type in mind. It's a simple, very flashy game to casually sit through and blast the crap out of ugly things away non-stop with little room for any sort of strategy beyond that. You get better artificially, and any difference between average and experient players either doesn't exist or will be patched out in the next update."
,Recommended,232090,15481864,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Narval (PT),Bloat has boobs physicsstalker walks really sexyclot is gangstaHans is germanthe floor still does not try to kill you11/10
,Not Recommended,232090,23617793,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Kilo,"It can't get any worse than this, right?WRONG.-Arbitrary zed resistance made to ""promote teamwork"" when all it does is just make all other classes useless other than medic, SS, and Commando-Introducing a gamemode nobody asked for that isn't even balanced at all, literally no real work was put into it-introducing micro transactions to milk more money out of old players when the game isn't even close to out of EA-Forcing us to wait months in between new perks while adding a buggy workshop, a crate system, and micro transactions-Toxic forums and community that ban people who talk bad about TW's management and handling of KF2KF2 isn't Early Access done right, it's literally done everything wrong with Early Access. When people are banned from the Steam community and OFFICIAL TWI forums for voicing their issues with the game, that's a problem. It shows how much of a hugbox TWI is and how much they can't get over people disliking their handling of a once beloved and simple wave shooter. It's funny to see how many fanboys are writing 1 word or simple positive reviews to try and revive the game. Don't make the mistake we made, don't buy this pile of early access, micro transaction, unbalanced garbage."
76561198020370387,Not Recommended,232090,23081367,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Calavera,"Early access, i want full access.... it is taking so long and they are wasting time with cosmetics. Just don't buy until release."
,Recommended,232090,16962969,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,PapaJenkinz,"For an early access game, it's really well done. I like the leveling up system, maps are great, guns are cool. It's an all around good game. Would recommend to anyone looking for a fun FPS."
,Not Recommended,232090,23599571,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,|ZCG| Zone Dymo,"Honestly, microtransactions, screw that noise.That is number 1 but there is more:To me this game lacks the fun and the serious that the original had in almost every way.The levels and the level design, I mean in its physical shape, how you can walk around AND what it looks like.I also see this in the characters and in the monster designs, gone are the human-like and therefor creepy Fleshpound and Scrake and Patriach, instead we get flesh-cow hulks after us....generic and boring.Im missing the wackyness in the characters, just look at KF1s character pack and enjoy the crazy and friendly and welcoming....non of that here.Strategy is also ♥♥♥♥ed, welding doors is much less useful and less fun then before.Hate the flashlight running out every 2 seconds in maps that are so ffing dark you need the bloody thing.Kiting is borderline a thing of the past, you dont handle scrakes like you used to or the patriach.All that has gone downhill.And then these deals....as an early adopter for being loyal to the game that really got me playing (KF1) I get♥♥♥♥♥♥on.Seriously I get nothing but having spend more money on a piece of♥♥♥♥♥This early access stuff in general is pretty dangerous tbh, and this game is an example.It is nowhere near what KF1 was when it came out, just get KF1, that atleast is fun.And then these microtransactions.....seriously....and its even forced upon you because as a reward for playing you can get a box but you then have to pay for the key....and that is shoved in your face every freaking time.F that so hard and whoever came up with that."
,Not Recommended,232090,23565466,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,slavemaster,"Ok, so I was waiting for 9 month to make a positive review. As you see, i can neither wait, nor make it positive. Why? Well, here it comes:1) EA is not really a good one. Rare additions to the game, rare bug fixes, rare balance fixes (and that sometimes makes a perk totally useless till next patch, for month). Even when a content patch comes, it may be not what everyone asked for.2) The damage system. Protip: if you have a working formula, dont change it. But who would listen? So with current patch zeds are so much harder to kill, that I found it hard to beat a map on hard with 25 lvl perk ( i could solo suicidal while drinking tea before that ""new awesome resistance system""). Why does anyone need harder mods when all the zeds have their effective HP doubled?3) VS mod. The reason I have the second point on this list. Not only noone needed it, but on release it appeared, that the game is balanced to kill waves of zeds, not for zeds to counter and kill survivors in a PVP mod. So what do we do? Add some new features? Nah, just buff all the zeds. All the games I saw in VS mod ended on wave 2. Nice balancing, tripwire.4) Microtransactions. In early access game. That does not have even half the content they promised (well, on its release at least). Yes, it is cosmetic, yes, I dont use it cause I dont want to. But dont you dare to say that system coded itself and skins drew themselves. It all consumes time that could be spent, i dont know, on what they promised to do year ago.5) Perks. I thought that KF1 was a bit slow on progress, but at least each lvl made you really stronger. lvl 6 perk was better than 2 lvl 0-s (in terms of game impact). Now you have 25 lvls, 5 of which matter (cause they give you perks) and the rest is just to fill the gap. You dont even feel 1% of damage increase per level, and some perks aren't really that great (so true with the last update). So not only progression feels slower now, it also doen't feel like making much of a difference, max and min levels are still kinda feelable, but anywhere in between does not give you any satisfaction. And in MP games if someone checks your lvl, they check 5 ""perk milestones"", so you can safely say that the game has 5 perk lvls against 6 in the first KF.6) Highly subjective, but as for me, with current bullets any zed can eat, all the weapons feel like they are made of bread and shoot butter. Tripwire is famous for their great gunplay, but this one is really below their standarts. Also, 1 weapon per tier with 4 tiers - it is not even remotely enough. I get it, kf1 had most of its weapons added after in patches, updates and DLCs, but you are not really making a first game in series, you set yourself a level, try to perfom on it.Well, that is all for now. For now, cause the game is not even out yet and I already have several serious issues with it. And  they might not even finish it in a year (better make more useless features noone asked for). I will update review when new patches show up, but with current gameplay I am not going to bother playing it (and I dont recomend you bothering yourself)."
76561197987099849,Not Recommended,232090,22486316,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,(MI) Markv39,"I really wanted to like Killing Floor 2, after playing KF1 for over 2,000 hours. I really did!  However, they game just went in a direction I didn't care for - spamming, no combos, slow roll-out of new perks,  now focusing on PvP mode.  Maybe some players like that sort of game-play - mindless and casual, but I don't.  Most of my friends, who have spent thousands of hours playing KF1 also don't.  As a matter of fact, people on my friend's list who buy KF2 end up playing 20-100 hours or less and then switching to other games.   Do I really need to say more?"
,Not Recommended,232090,23611298,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Madame Écureuil,"Got the game when it launched in Early Access, had a good time with the small amount of content available, however after coming back after a few months' hiatus, I realized that Tripwire has pulled a switcheroo on all of its fans, and completely changed the game's development direction to what it promised to its fans.Not only that, but TWI managed to outdo 505 Games in its agressively anti-consumer practices by not only saddling the game with a lot of DLCs where the cumulative prices of them greatly exceeds the price of the base game while not offering enough content to justify it, but also adding an extra layer of microtransactions to squeeze even more money out of your wallets. There's also been a lot of censorship going on in the Steam forums by the staff to silence and limit the visibility of criticism leveled towards the game's development priorities and greedy monetary practices (https://www.reddit.com/r/killingfloor/comments/4gw8xs/twi_censoring_and_banning_in_the_forums_full_pr/)As a result, the number of players ended up dwindling as consumer trust got summarily destroyed. The game peaked at around 24k players 10 months ago, however nowadays, you'll be lucky to see more than 5000 concurrent players during the free weekend and 2500 during other times. And this number will only continue to decline as TWI continues to insult its fanbase and paying customers.https://steamdb.info/app/232090/graphs/Save your money, stick with the first Killing Floor game. All of my friends have migrated back to the first game anyways. I want my god damn refund."
,Recommended,232090,16152456,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Sasuke Uchiha666,It's like killing floor but 2
,Not Recommended,232090,20994869,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Nargacuga,"Another disappointing Early Access release that rakes in money with hype and the promise of being better and more fun than its predecessor whilst quietly hiding its many flaws with bland promises.The updates are slow and the game's barely any different from when it got released. There's plenty of issues that should be fixed or changed such as the fact that enemies at the end of the round are permanently enraged and the issue that enemies like to teleport around, especially in front of you in corridors so you get locked into a death trap. The amount of guns at the moment is just sad, with only one obvious upgrade to the gun you start with the variety in the game isn't good. Classes, or ""perks"" as they're called in Killing Floor, are unbalanced and having a ""balanced"" team can often be worse than spamming a single overpowered perk. Not to mention the game is downright repetitive as hell right now with the lack of content.With so much work still left to do and almost a year into development I'm only left wondering how they have the nerve to  put in microtransactions. With a game as hyped as this the development won't go any faster with additional cosmetics nor won't you see any of that money back in upcoming updates.My suggestion? Get Killing Floor 1 first and wait how the development goes with Killing Floor 2."
,Not Recommended,232090,23602229,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,bb8 cuckbot,"TL;DR - Not as fun as KF1, but costs much more.  Microtransactions.EDIT Aug 2 @ 10:38am: Ok game is better now but I still have a hard time giving it a recommendation.  They fixed the dumb resistance update, which shows the devs are willing to respond to player feedback (sort of).  Ultimately, I have more fun playing the original Killing Floor, which costs about 80% less than KF2.  So while I don't give it a 0/5 anymore, such as during the resistance update, I still wouldn't recommend to my friends who are tight on spending cash.  If you can spare the cash, buy this game.  It's not as fun as KF1 but I'm still clinging to ""this is just early access.""The microtransactions are a huge turn off for me.  But you don't need to read my review, there are tons complaining about the microtransaction system.***Old Review: Posted: Jun 16 @ 4:09pm***I used to give this game a solid 4/5, but after the recent update (resistance update) it's just...not fun anymore.There's no reason it should take half my ammo as support specialist (shotgun) to kill trash mobs on the highest difficulty.  TW is trying to force players to play multiple roles and work as a team, but they are doing it in a completly wrong way.If your game forces you to play a certain way this much, it can't be very fun."
,Not Recommended,232090,21634473,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Razzira,"KF2 is an excellent game and is load of fun to play. Unfortunately, I see it as one of those games that went into Early Access and will probably never come out.""We know we’ve all seen games hit Early Access and seemingly never get to the point of Full Release, but our goal is to have KF2 out before the end of year. (2015)""You missed your goal and KF2 has become just that. Stuck in Early Access purgatory. Solidified by the presence of micro-transactions in a game that's technically not a full release.Don't support these business practices."
,Recommended,232090,15514737,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Virtyality,"They fixxed graphics and now I have not lags. Thank you, Tripwire! On max settings 60 fps and that's really nice!Best game forever!"
76561198033819783,Not Recommended,232090,21435667,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Blinkysaurus Rex,"Alright so, the game is a blast, for about half-an-hour.That is basically the story of this games product life-cycle for the time being. The gameplay is great, and it's very polished for an early-access game. But the sheer lack of content is killing... well, Killing Floor.You'll wait a couple of months for an update, only find out that they fixed some minor bugs that you've never experienced, or made minor balance changes, it is beyond ridiculous. What makes the situation worse is that the implementation of microtransactions has not helped the situation, the cosmetic items available through the marketplace add nothing to the gamplay at all.When new content is actually added to the game, it's fantastic. But given that we get so little and over such ludicrous periods of time; I've found myself playing the updated content to death, getting bored of it(because there isn't a great deal) and then repeating with the next update.Now, to be perfectly clear and lacking of bias; this complaint is my only MAJOR reason to recommend against buying the game. Since I bought the game, some time last year, there have been three major content updates(using the word 'major' very loosely here).- the first added one new map- the second two maps, and two perks- the third, two maps, one perk and a new bossAs the game so stands, we have eight official maps, seven perks/classes, and two bosses - each with a 50% chance of spawning at the last wave. The problem is that once you've familiarised yourself with the core content in the game now, the developers at TWI simply cannot keep up with the demand, and as a result additional features are being burned out faster than they can be produced. Which all in all, leaves me pretty bummed out.I've played 70 hours, I'd say that its good for perhaps 20-40 in its current state. If you believe thats value for money, by all means purchase the game."
,Not Recommended,232090,21875261,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,{GCN} Gen. George Washington,"""We're going to do early access right"""
,Not Recommended,232090,21264944,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,marv,"It's almost been a year since Killing Floor 2 has hit early access and we are still missing content to have a complete game in the foreseeable future. However, Tripwire is hard at work making a PS4 version, Hans is still broken when everything it should be exists in The Patriarch and we are merely told to ""get good"" when Tripwire only seems to stream on Normal Difficulty and a TF2 style market has been put in place.Many classes if not broken in the worst way, like what happened to poor Berserker, are worthless outside of the perks they get from level 5 to 25, which either involves a lot of time spent trying to find a good group or grinding in a trainer server AKA the opposite of fun. I have no clue when I can punch zeds in the face with a martial artist, nor do I know if I even want to by the time it comes out.You are better off getting and playing the original Killing Floor, a complete game, than approaching this mess until Tripwire finally fixes the hole they've dug themselves into by now.EDIT: Now Tripwire continues to dig a cavern into the earth by adding Zed resistance to guns and actual class types. Now, instead of just learning how to play as a class, you must memorize the charts, graphs and current stats of guns and classes to know if you are the one that kills scrakes or the one that does the most damage to the Siren. Unless you're the newest class to get a touch up, which seems to be the Sharpshooter currently. You'll be perfect and untouchable for about an update or so until you're nerfed into the ground to be as tasteless as every other class is as of me typing this!And the worst part about this is that Tripwire hates any sort of criticism against their ideas and will passive-agressively attack critics of the resistance system instead of think about a geniune revert. They can't even step forward now so much as hack off another part of their leg and maybe roll a few feet backwards or the side. Killing Floor 2 is still an unfortunate mess."
76561198060146292,Not Recommended,232090,23457265,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,thething000,"The devs are what made this game bad. the gameplay is solid, the maps are designed ptetty well, and the gore is second to none. (but i stopped playing) This game feels like a betrayal, releasing mircotransactions so early without telling anyone it was going to happen. telling the public they would start communicating better then totally stop talking. not listening to what people want. now banning anyone from their forums that dont accept it up the poop chute. its like going out to eat somewhere nice, then the sercive is bad, they caharge for refills on drinks, then when you tell them you wanted your steak rare not charred they tell you to leave. RIP tripwire, I no longer intend to get rising storm 2 out of fear of being floped over a table and fisted.How to fix it:1 apologize for being greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s2 apologize for telling people you would start communicating, then stayed silent for months at a time. claim that you where overwhelmed and now you are proper coming out to make things right with the community3 take all the micro transaction items and list them for sale individually in the zedconomey for .25 cents each, with the option to buy a full set (every item from a specific usb drive or crate) for a discounted price4 make a system that allows players to craft ANY skin they would like, where every skin has a set material cost of 100, and every zed they kill drops a decimal value (clots are worth .01, sirens are worth .05, fleshpound is worth 1, boss worth 10) so through grind players can unlock skins. (this would also add a reason to play after maxing out all perks)5 for everyone that has spent more than $5 on skins is given the soundtrack to the game, anyone who has spent more than $25 is given a preorder copy of rising storm 2 (as a way of saying sorry you payed $34 on something that is now .25)if you followed through with these steps you will loose a lot of future sales with micro transactions, but it would put you back on top as the good guys you used to be. right now its looking like its sink or swim for tripwire interactive and i really would like to see you guys make it."
,Not Recommended,232090,23571335,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Faggoty Andy,"Every single patch has made the game worse. Now they're balancing around the pvp mode no one wanted and recently added a damage resistance system that turns everything into a bullet sponge unless you happen to be carrying the correct weapon.I wish I could get a refund.Update for release: They fixed (removed) the bullet resistance ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t but they failed to deliver on content promised in beta and have now decided it's just not happening. They still have microtransactions. Release update doesn't even have any major content, they just slapped a ""1.0"" label on the EA version.I still wish I could get a refund."
,Recommended,232090,16481733,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Swordski,"First of all I'd like to say that at the time of reviewing this game it is in a really early build and will be subject to changes as the game gets developed. For now this review will focus on what is in the game at this current time.A quick list of Pros and Cons:Pros:Good Graphics compared to the first game.Great community of players.Extremely addictive!A decent amount of classes to choose from, each with different perks and 25 levels.Very well optimized.Extremely gory and fun with friends.Smart working AIDecent amount of weapons currently in the game.Currently 4 highly detailed maps. (2 smaller maps and 2 larger maps.)It's just a great game to throw time into.Cons:Some community members can be uncooperative which can ruin the game.The last boss can shoot and damage you through walls at times.The Scrake AI can be tricked into spinning around and not attack you.To be fair, there are not many cons to this game.. It's such a good laugh even when you are playing by yourself and all the cons that are there are to be expected for an early access game.This brings me to the big question of if the game isworththe money Tripwire are charging for it?I believe that this game is worth every bit of what they are charging for it, you get a stable game with extremely addictive gameplay and a development team that you can rely on to update the game quickly. I would rate this game but it is in early access and giving it a numbered rating at this stage would be silly, just buy the game and play it already."
,Not Recommended,232090,20988346,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Landwalruses,"This game looks stunning and plays well compared to its predecessor.When, of course, it is functioning.Never before have I played a game that crashes this much, let alone the other problems It has given me just for trying to play it. The PhysX variant (FleX, an extremely advanced PhysX extension) is brilliant when it works, but only makes the game even more crashy than it already was. (EDIT: It works much better after the last patches and such. Still needs some optimization.)Probably the biggest note I can make is the serious lack of content. This game is pretty barebones, and a lot of the perks lack the power and utility that the perks in the original had, giving every enemy an uncomfortably spongey feel even if you are landing the headshots... Even with the improved gunplay, this feels awful.This game plays and feels like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ free to play game. IT EVEN HAS MICROTRANSACTIONS. IN EARLY ACCESS. THAT IS RIGHT, MICROTRANSACTIONS IN EARLY ACCESS. Not only do we basically have day 1 DLC, we have  MICROTRANSACTIONS. I could forgive the rest of this game's misses and issues were it not for the fact that this dev team has invested time in creating a system of microtransactions rather than creating content for their unfinished, poorly functioning game. This is disgusting, and completely disgraceful.Finally, a TL;DR list of things.-Unimpressive, bullet spongey zeds with no real clever ways to kill them outside of cheese glitches that are numerous. This does not mean they are hard, what it does mean is that they are just as boring as they were in the last game.-Crashy but improving in each occasional patch. See below.-Patches and updates are painstakingly slow. Real slow. Like, more than 1-2 months between each patch, and that is fast when we're talking about updates for this game. We didn't see any really new content until the most recent large patch (bullseye) for a month or so, since the pvp is horse♥♥♥♥♥♥ and completely unnecessary.-Some serious optimization issues, probably related to the crashing.-A lot of the classes just plain suck, even for their niches.-10/10 would uninstall again.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. PLAIN AND SIMPLE. IT IS NOT READY FOR A PUBLIC AUDIENCE, AND AT THIS RATE, NEVER WILL BE.**note this review will be updated whenever I bring myself to play the damned game."
,Recommended,232090,32653171,Posted: 22 June,all,ShaYaN,♥♥♥♥ing Awesome
,Recommended,232090,33265747,Posted: 5 July,all,Caj,190+ Hours in this and I found out a few things:- The Floor still posses no threat.- It's the prequal to Viscera Cleanup Detail.- We went up from the 1st floor to the 2nd Floor.- It's like Mario party with less Mario.and finally; it's Dosh Simulator: The Sequel.11/10
76561198012286071,Not Recommended,232090,22073705,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,WazzzUppp,"as a big fan of kf 1 , i was very exited about this, i bought it when it first came out and to this point they have done very little to finish the game, They introduce MT and working on a PVP mode no one asked for instead of finishing the actual game,"
76561198038703552,Not Recommended,232090,23116476,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Bonerhead,"Tripwire, how could you have done so well in early development, but then messed it up so horribly in the long run? It's been, what, how many years now? And I'm still waiting for the rest of the bloody perks you promised before launch. Instead of adding them, you added useless skins and things that should be added AFTER you've finished the game"
,Not Recommended,232090,23337048,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,kaveiki.nk,"The censorship is insane, wow Tripwire, didnt expect this from you. Another great dev falls to peaces."
,Not Recommended,232090,23148785,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,bocksy,"Very watered down class system compared to KF. Overall not a very good experience. Gameplay is stale and there's little leniency for how you play the different classes (there's an unspoken buy order you're supposed to follow, with no variety as you progress). I know it's still in early access, but the fact they add CS:GO-like item drops instead of weapons and perks says otherwise. Either wait until it becomes 'full release' or is on sale.FULL RELEASE EDIT: The content is still lacking. I would find it hard to pay $30 for this game, it has enough content for $15 at the most."
,Not Recommended,232090,23602415,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,TheRealHaifisch,"Killing Floor 2 easily had one of the greatest potentials ever seen for a game in Early Access, to say that TWI dropped the ball on development and balancing in this Early Access would be a grand undestatement.Between the slow/poor development and poor community management i cannot recommend spending money on Killing Floor 2, the amount of time for the quality of updates is at this point unacceptable for a game that espoused ""Early Access done right"".  Several months for 1 uncomplicated perk (gunslinger) and 2 maps, one of which was an extremely unstable internal testing map... really? Currently there are more maps being added into the game built by the community to help pad out patch notes rather than actual quality content, the player count on steam alone should be a strong indicator...In the end, i still hold hope for the future of this game... albeit not as much as i did in the initial release...."
,Not Recommended,232090,23416445,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Ben Dover,An example how greed can overwhelm great idea.
,Recommended,232090,32266659,Posted: 8 June,all,Martyn Sanders - OLD ALLIANCE -,"I can recommend this game. It's a good game for easy to play rounds but where you still need some skills to complete the boss fights.Good graphics, good perks, good skins, good teamplayers.But usually most players don't want to the play the medic what I don't understand. The medic has powerful weapons and can run faster than all perks. To kill the medic in pvp or to be killed as medic in pve is not that easy! So if you want to support your team I would recommend a medic. Easy to use and powerful skills.What is not so good?In higher difficulty rounds are often low perk players what ruin the round or the boss fights.Please just join higher rounds if your perk is ready for that. Otherwise you will be killed a lot of times...So I recommend this game - there are more pros than cons.-> And if you need a higher level perk player, don't hestitate and add me as friend.I am everytime looking for good teamplayers, even if they are lower than me. Fun is fun, and this game is funny!"
,Not Recommended,232090,23601892,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Extra Fabulous,"Not the sequel to Killing Floor the fans were hoping for, further exacerbated by a devloper who doesn't want to listen to its fans and is no longer concerned about finishing the product. It's basically cursed by the same attitudes that ruined Day Z stadalone."
,Not Recommended,232090,23565718,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Tenryuu,"8 Months to add a single new perk god knows how long untill the nextNew resistances (♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t)The devs continue to implement features nobody asked for (player vs player)Developers are censoring all who talk badly against the game..I can't believe I fell for the hype, and they call the perk updates ''Free content update'' OF COURSE ITS FREE TW.get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together and work on the pc version, instead of VR and the console version.Killing Floor 1 is fantastic, sadly this isn't... hopefully eventually it will be. (if this doesnt end like overkill)"
76561198165586450,Not Recommended,232090,23576152,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,quiciev[fin],"So, Tripwire Interactive bolstered ""Early Access Done Right"" when they where launching KF2. It turned out to be quite the opposite. And that is a real shame.I recommend to wait until this game is released before even cosidering buying it. Here is why:1. Development speed. This game has been in Early Access since April 21 2015. Originally they planned to release during 2015.2. Major feature creep: they added microtransactions (Nov 2015) and pvp game play (April 2016). These new ""features"" came out of the blue. And according to developers, these features didn't have any impact on rest of the game development schedule. Yeah, right (I am a softwared developer by profession)...3. Slow major update speed. It can take many months between any major additions like maps, weapons or new characters. They do release smaller fixes more frequently but those fixes tend to focus on techical issues like crashes. UPDATE: minor updates now slightly more frequent and trying to address balance issues.4. Game has and has had manymajorbalance issues. Some updates have fixed some and some updates have made things worse.5. Game mechanics has lots of small or bigger problems. Most since the EA. For example:- Zed teleportation where zed which you where running away from might suddenly teleport right front of you. Extremely annoying (and deadly).- Welding doors is pretty much useless (was useful in killing floor 1).- Bugs. e.g. rpg shots just disappear sometimes.- Silly zed resistance system. Zed might be resistant to shotguns but not assault rifles, wtf. UPDATE: they mostly fixed it but it is still not properly balanced.- Zed camera grab. You are about to shoot big zed into head while small zed attacks you forcing you to face it. Meanwhile you deal with the small zed the big zed comes and deals with you. Nice.In general, it seems after more than one year in early access the game still has lots of major issues. Attempts to fix them are rare and not necessarily too successful.That said, the game is fun and playable but you've been warned.UPDATE: development/game has recently (Jul 2016) started to head into better direction but I am still keeping review as negative (just keep up the good work, TWI, and I will change this to positive)."
,Not Recommended,232090,23611527,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,HYPER ONE,"This is a great game, an absolute blast to play with a group of friends or even randoms.But the most recent update (Sharpshooter content) has pretty much crippled every single perk to the point where they are completely useless.  Berserkers can no longer tank, Firebugs can no longer perform crowd control now that all but one enemy has insane fire resistance, and the sharpshooter is overpowered as hell.  Oh and there are microtransactions now.  I'd say wait to purchase this until Tripwire pulls their♥♥♥♥♥♥together.TL;DR: Fantastic game, but right now it isn't fun anymore due to the devs ♥♥♥♥ing it up in just one update."
,Not Recommended,232090,21681513,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Doctor Sus,Unfinished game that seldomly updates? Cash-shop in said unfinished game?What better to spend your hard earned shekels on?
,Recommended,232090,33595242,Posted: 16 July,all,HosTeb,"-New guns-new perks-New cool graphics-not pay to win this time unlike kf1 and other games (not really)-2 bosses + The weekly bosses , waiting for a new boss, plz tripwire-Stunning zeds are much easier than kf1-you can sprint (unlike kf1) makes things easier-you can punch/push things with hands/any gun makes things easier too- all of the Charcters has different voices (They talk to eachother so much)-Hell on earth deifficulty still unbeatable (not really)-Respect +200%"
,Recommended,232090,30191317,Posted: 26 February,all,はく ✿ しょう,"I really recommend you buy Killing Floor 2.Nowadays Early Access game are rising in a large number, we have seen a lot of Early Access games on the steam market but very little of them redeemed what they promised. KF2 is one of those Early Access games done right. There was a period when a huge wave of survival/open world/sandbox games came out in early access stage. For instance, Dayz Stand-alone Version, H1Z1, Rust, they are well-known games which I think they really spin this survival titles off and so many similar titles followed up to this tide.After a few experiences with the Early Access games, I’ve found not all of them are decent. Some of them are still in Early Access after some many years which it seems that the devs have abandoned their projects. Which it is sad and even pathetic, I can totally describe these actions of abandoned developments as commercial deception. We gamers are always customers, we payed for Early Access game because we want to trust this project’s development and willing to see a great evolution to this game. So, KF2 has done it, it grows from a Early Access stage to a finished-product. At least, there are developers with consciousness.About the game-play, it is basically a high-paced, zombie shooter game. I know that FPS game is a huge title, I have played many FPS games as we speaking. It follows a simple rule, you sit in first person point of view and you shoot things to score. This is the principle but this is boring if you just follow it without any specialties or creativity.So what is special about KF2?Firstly, it is all about the “shooting feels”. KF2’s shooting feeling is tend to be realistic but not too much, it maintains in a very comfortable field and especially they did motion captures on the reloading animation which it all looks very beautiful. To simply describe it, you can feel the power of the gun and the joy of destruction, everything you shoot those bullets tear your objects apart. A single click on the trigger, and the explosion from the muzzle looks very detailed and amazing.Secondly, developers made a great decision on the difficulty modifier. Often we’ve seen higher difficulties in other games just simply buff up enemies’ status value, inside of killing it on 100HP they change it to 200HP on higher difficulties. In a result you find your guns become lame and weak. For instance in TC’s the Division, I found it very viciousness of developers when they do such modify to game difficulties so I have to shoot a full clip of my gun to be able to kill a single target. That is totally different in KF2, inside of simple buff-up they added advanced type of enemies with different attack patterns or higher speed or special abilities. Even some of the enemies on higher difficulties learned how to block incoming bullets. Your guns are kept in its original form, not shooting a water guns instead. That’s what I like to see, and that is wisdom design.Different perks are limit to their weapon types, for instance perk “Support” is only granted access to shotguns, “Gunslinger” is only granted to use dual-pistols. It doesn’t mean you cannot use other type of weapons when you are on other perks. If you choose Support perk but want to go with dual-pistol will only result in a experience growth to your Gunslinger’s perk. Your Support perk will not gain any exps when using none-perk weapons. Not to mention different perks have different passive abilities, choose them wisely as you level-up.Despite of lacking campaign mode to this game, KF2  has a really strong execution on the core gameplay. Just a game you can tap in and enjoy the shooting and tension when enemies are coming in waves and every directions, you really have to focus on your accuracy and your team corporation. Team co-op is important as well, I have seen people solo high difficulty but it is very hard to do so. I really want to talk more about KF2, I really enjoy it ever-since I bought it in the Early Access stage but I have summarized a lot. I’ll leave the rest of the game experiences to yourself.Verdict: Fast-paced and heavy gore. Cool guns and destruction awaits. Go crazy when that slow-motion triggered. 9/10 - ” would shut doors on my teammates again."""
,Not Recommended,232090,21175493,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Monkerlotus,"Wait for a full release, the devs have been less than genuine with updates news.KF1 still looks feels and plays great, try that in the meantime."
,Not Recommended,232090,23597083,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Plesi 42,"-Slow upda-I mean ""CONTENT PACKS™"" (1 perk, 1 character, 2 maps made by community). Development time? 2-4 months...-After years in Early Access, announced to release this Fall without 2 of the promised player classes (Martial Arts, SWAT)One would think they are really stressed by this fast paced, content filled update schedule, right?but they actually had time to add:-VS mode tacked on just to get some money from the L4D bunch and console crowd-VR spinoff when the main game isn't even out yet, just to get some money from the VR crowd-Microtransactions, Crates and Weapon Skin Wear, just to get some money out of everyone they canand just to prove they don't have the slightest idea about what they are doing:-Resistance system that turns basic enemies into damage sponges (firebug's job is to kill crawlers? well, now they have 70% resistance to fire, enjoy!)Truly ""Early Access Done Right®"""
,Recommended,232090,26533108,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Nova Terran,"despite some bumps and controversy in the development process, it's still a fun game to run around and kill zombies with your friends."
,Recommended,232090,15564614,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,CryCel,"Ok, so this is my first review I am willing to write for a game which I have waited for so long for. Undoubtedly, it instantly blew me away and fulfilled all my expectations.I'm not a friend of Early Access Games or how the community likes to call them ""E.A."" titles.This game is one of the few games I love to support even though it's only in Early Access. Once you are in the game, you will notice an inevitable few bugs and glitches, but despite this, overall the game is more bug and glitch free than other games which do not go into Early Access at all and get spammed with ""Day-one-Patches"",  so it is at least for some users playable.Killing Floor was amazing ever since it began as a Mod for Unreal Tournament 2004. Then, the first actual Killing Floor game came out and I was absolutely blown away by it. Most Devs can't keep up to their first game in a Series but Tripwire Interactive managed to do so. They even stepped up in Quality of this brilliant, new game.KF2 is amazing and worth every penny that I so gladly paid. I enjoyed every minute in this game and I am very excited looking forward to its full release with more Weapons, Characters, Perks, Maps and much more!I can recommend this game to everyone who loves to kill Zombies and play as aTEAM, and yes, I am writing the word 'team,' in uppercase letters, because in my opinion, without a good team, you won't enjoy it as much. You will wholeheartedly love this game if you follow the statements listed above.Killing Floor 2 is already pretty bug and glitch free (as mentioned above) and I love that the Devs stayed with Unreal Engine 3 they got used to this version and did the best they could. Even more so, they forced the last drop of Graphic quality out of it and the result is of course, purely stunning.All in all, if any of the below things listed are for you all I can say is buy this amazing game!ZombiesTeamworkNice GraphicsBig GunsBeautiful Designed MapsEnhanced GoreCharacter Selection and CustomizationEnhanced Perk SystemFast and easy to understand GameplayFinal Release. Still an amazing game."
76561198150793511,Not Recommended,232090,23609419,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,[RIP] Mr.Nixon,"Developers are a successor to the KGB, silencing the opposition or critics. The product is still an unfinished mess, with tedious grinding system, and microtransactions. Would not recommend even to most hardcore fans."
,Not Recommended,232090,23606597,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,HAPPY HEAVY,"This game has been in early access for quite some time with only very few updates that can barely be considered major updates. Tripwire used to have a good reputation but they clearly disappointed mostly the entire Killing Floor fanbase.This game is nothing like the first Killing Floor and feels more like a chinese bootleg version providing a lot of horrible things.Awful balance (zeds, weapons, perks, perk skills. Basically everything is a disaster.)Lack of gameplay (Maps and weapons.)PVP (No one ever ask for this and completely unnecessary.)Microtransactions (This has probably slowed the development a lot and earning money from gamblers is just disrespectful. Why can't we have DLC characters like we used to in the first game?)PS4 release (Tripwire can't even make this game good and they dare to introduce PS4 to KF2 the half-finished game that most likely will never be finished. Tripwire really wants PS4 gamers to immediately think this franchise is garbage.This part is more personal and what I think KF2 should have been.All I wanted was basically an improved and modern copy paste version of the old Killing Floor, but with new content like:New zedsMore gunsMore perksMore objective mode mapsMore normal mapsUnfortunately Tripwire was not able to follow such a simple formula. This game can't be recommended at all. I wouldn't be surprised if this game turns out to be another abandoned project. Making a constructive negative review on this game will help its development more than Tripwire have ever done."
76561197992163461,Not Recommended,232090,22965341,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Hyde,"The gameplay is good, the only problem is the devopment.they promised to finish the game last x-mass, they haven't even come close to finishing the game.They added microtransactions, so we can reward them for basically lying to everyone that actually expected them to deliver what they promissed.then instead of finishing the game (maps, perks, bosses) they developed a gamemode that no one asked for, and we didnt buy the game for this.i like the game, i have a strong dislike for a developers, will not buy from the same devs again."
,Not Recommended,232090,26690124,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Tenebre Nightwalker,"Now that Killing Floor 2 is FINALLY out, I can now finally say with absolute certainty, there are 5 things wrong with this game right off the bat.1. Survivalist Class. What the hell is this? People could play how they wanted to before, are you shoehorning them into one class now? What can people do as their classes now? Are they not allowed to purchase any other weapon except their own class's designated weapon?2. Another one of those games that is boring as hell to play alone and I can definitely say with all perks at 25, I hate this game solo.3. The Versus mode is imbalanced and always will be.The ZEDs, no matter what you do to them, will always crush the other team because of the Bloats who can place mines everywhere, creating a camping problem and Gorefasts are force spawned on players way too frequently.4. They replaced the datamined Martial Artist class for the Survivalist class. Why? The Berzerker could be based around attack speed and/or damage depending on your playstyle. Even using the parry ability to increase your attack speed or movement or what not. Don't make the Berzerker a tanky class like Martial Artist was meant to be. The Katana does not suit the Berzerker's style of play. It's very based on finesse and precision. Berzerker is not precise. End of.5.  Their communication with the fans/customers when they were doing this game was TERRIBLE. You expect them to actually fix stuff and/or listen to their customers to make the game better? No. What do they desire? Releasing the market on Early Access customers to see how much money they can milk on an idea that could have been stripped away in an instant, running away with the money. Do you desire to help a developer with risks like that? I wouldn't. I regret it too as I was thinking they were updating the gfx from KF1 and expanding on the idea, not... this...4 things I like about the game.1. It's fun being the Gunslinger, Berzerker, SWAT and Support classes. Dual wielding, meleeing up close, using the Kriss smg and shotgunning your way to victory is very satisfying.2.  Being a Scrake, Stalker, Husk and a Fleshpound is SO rewarding in versus. I would definitely recommend it.3. Hate grinding? Want to experience the game at full potential? Go to perk training servers. You can soon see what the game is like without the long, strenuous grind on the same 3 maps that people play. It's like Counter Strike all over again with de_dust. It's not balanced or anything in terms of layout for versus, it's just because of people liking all the MLG garbage that comes from those maps. Why is this in the positive section? Well it's the positive. You can farm this annoying grind away, because let me tell you. The grind is irritable.Do NOT get this game if you play a lot of games solo like me. They chose to release the market while it was still in early access. If you trust a shifty company like that that doesn't communicate with their customers properly, give this one a definite skip to tell them that you won't stand for shady practices.DO NOT GET GAMES IN EARLY ACCESS! This is the first and last time I rely on a sequel of a good game to be just as good as the first.ALWAYS be paranoid everyone. Let them cater to YOU! You hold money. They don't, unless you give it to 'em. You have the power to make them better, you also have the power to make them worse.Don't get this game."
,Recommended,232090,17717747,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,• ES3TH,"After first minutes of gameplay it seemed so different from the original Killing Floor and still I found it more challenging and much more dynamic. Zeds got some new moves and animations, new perks system is quite interesting. They finally added sprint so you don't have to hold your knife to run faster anymore. Reloading, despite the fact that it's less realistic than in the first Killing Floor, is much better now. You don't have to deplete entire clip before reloading to save some rounds, now you can reload whenever you want or have to. Despite of over detalization levels looks and feels more complex (to be honest I played only Biotics Lab and Burning Paris) and I really like them, a huge improvement of environment over the first part of the game. In Killing Floor 2 the boss also got some new tricks to get rid of you which, to be honest, I found quite unefficient or maybe I'm just good at this game. You just can keep running from him and dodging his neurotoxins bombs or whatever they are. ZED time is so satifying, it doesn't just slow the time as it was in first Killing Floor, it also have som nice visuals. I really like the visual effects in this game, although I can't enjoy them at a proper level because of lack of a decent graphics card but even at lowest settings the game looks gorgeous. Almost forgot about soundtracks.. I f*cking love them!There are a lot of differences and improvements over the original Killing Floor but I'm too lazy and tired to talk about all of them. Maybe I'll update this review as the new content or changes will come to this game from the developers. I can say that at this state game is made well, no issues found yet.9.0/10 You definitely should try it!"
,Not Recommended,232090,23487517,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Shadow,game died when the moment they added microtransactions even worse they added them in a early access game.
,Not Recommended,232090,23366626,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Juan Solo,"They said it would be done in six months.It came out over a year ago, and has microtransactions, on top of the devs going full Overkill on the Steam Community.Don't buy this game."
76561198047623320,Not Recommended,232090,22837545,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Burther,"What can I say about killing floor 2 that hasent already been said?The combat is fun, simpley put. its not overly fast and its intresting to try the diffrent playstyles. But as each update came along at a snails pace, which I could understand if a studio of devs who dont have the funding to pay for work hours worked on this. Theres simpley just no way I can justify its slogging pace, questionable actions and business coices.I used to love holding down a fort in this game, but as of the release of its newest spawning system mobs just spawn in a painful unrealistic manner that punishes you for so much as turning your back for 3 seconds on what was once a clean hallway to realise a duo of fleshpound are halfway down the hall. I whouldent mind if there were vents they just slid out of but the way these creatures appear in otherwise inaccessible locations just gets on my nerves. mostly because it gets me killed for what whould be in any other situation a sound call.That and a bunch of other annoying changes that were more pet peeves. but I still think welding should be made something great again rather then that utility thats good every blue moon.My advice, buy killing floor 1. Its a horror survival thats surprisingly not stuck in early access... and dont invest in early access games. Wait til the finished product and research the developer. Advice I wish I took myself before listening to my freinds..."
,Recommended,232090,15520361,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Khamous,"Just writing here because, while I though this game is amazing and deserves the #2 sales spot it has at the moment, I know this is because people already played tons of KF1, know what to expect and want to get to play KF2 as soon as possible. If you have no idea what KF is, then beware, as the game at the moment is pretty bare bones (relative to what is expected to be the full game) and the stats (which level up your characters and make them stronger, which is essential for higher difficulties) will get wiped sometime in the future, so you might get bored or burned on it before getting a chance to experience the real game.tl;dr: did you love KF1? Get this. Are you asking yourself wtf is KF? I'd check videos and wait for more content."
,Not Recommended,232090,23109776,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,MaroBaro,"Hi guys,I missed the train on the first killing floor so I was pretty excited to pick this up a few months into early access. The game itself is pretty great altough grindy.The graphics are pretty good but nothing to write home about. But this game is not supposed to be about that. Sound is also passable, the weapons give out a good oomph. If you like heavy metal music then you will probably like the soundtrack, I personally don't so not really a plus for me.The levels are not that big and there is generally no strategy to where you are going to hole up. I would have liked to see some mroe variety in that and bigger levels where you move up little by little or at least have some incentive to change locale. I guess the trader acts kind a like it but it doesn't feel enough.Now, I give this game a thumbs down because of the total lack of development. I basically bought it right around when the demo and pyro were released and that was that. That was almost an year ago and there has been 1 perk released since then and a couple of maps. The game was supposed to be released by the end of 2015 and now it is almost 6 months later. And the player numbers have suffered, so basically even if they were to finish it tomorrow I doubt we will be seeing any regular updates after that to keep it fresh so basically it is dead.If you are thinking of buying it I will tell you not to since it basically has about the same amount of players as Killing Floor 1 and it will just get worse, so I wouldn't if I was you."
,Not Recommended,232090,23547078,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Gamma Lyrae,"Longest early access I've seen from a developer of this calibur. Let's go down the list of what they're doing wrong, and you can decide for yourself whether or not the game is worth playing (but i'll spoil it here for you: it's not)*Patches are SLOW to release. Many perks have sat in a useless or near-useless state for literal months, when simple numerical tweaks would fix them or at least make them more appealing in party play.*Hans has consistently been the worst boss. His new design is still garbage and they didn't really fix the fact that his melee attacks effectively delete 1 player from the game at random.*Community content is getting rolled into official patches because Tripwire apparently can't develop their own assets anymore*Developer time has been spent fixing the perpetually broken Nvidia ""Flex"" issue, which is not only still broken, but only ""works"" on one brand of video card*More developer time spent on the PS4 port when the PC game isn't even done*Even more developer time wasted on implementing a PvP mode that no one asked for, a mode which has seen balance changes that negatively impacted the PvE gameplay*Yet again, developer time spent creating things no one asked for - please look forward to the half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥VR implementation, when the base game is still incomplete*Overpriced cosmetics and ""gacha"" style gambling system implemented, spending dev time that could've been allocated to fixing existing bugs or implementing gameplay tweaks to improve the EARLY ACCESS game that's ""technically"" not yet complete.*Clueless developers that claim to be doing early access ""right"", yet they're completely out of touch with the majority of the player base. Rather than try to fix the game to draw in new players and invite former ones to return, they've begun catering to the hardcore, yet dwindling playerbase that either believes the game is going in the right direction or would play it regardless of what state it's in*Their overall design philosophy is to locate perks and strategies that work, and then nerf them to be as worthless as everything else in the game, rather than find the worthless perks and strategies, then buff them to be as effective as the ones that work or barely work*Several game breaking bugs that have existed since the initial public release have yet to be fixed, going beyond their broken ""Flex"" system*Continues to claim that their patches and changes ""tested well internally"", omitting the fact that every time they've streamed the game they play on NORMAL and actually aren't very good at the game themselves, leaving the balance for hard+ difficulties completely ♥♥♥♥ed.The game used to be flawed, but fun. Every patch makes it worse - pay close attention to the new review system highlighting that a majority of the players that have recently reviewed the title actively dislike it, for reasons that go beyond what I've chosen to highlight in my review. Don't reward them with money. If anything, grab the game on a free weekend, play it yourself, realize why it's bad, drop a negative review on it and move on.Go play another horde shooter like Payday 2 instead, at least that developer listened to their players and actively work to improve the game."
76561198078377718,Not Recommended,232090,23602106,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Limbonic,"I cant recommend this game at allFirst of all game has a lot of problems with its content which is painfully slow  yeah i know we got a new ""content update "" with 1 character 1 perk and 2 community maps LOL they are even too lazy to make their own maps so they just decided to take the best maps from the GRINDHOUSE CONTEST atleast i am hoping that in the future they will put all those maps from that contest into the official gameThere are barely any maps within the game you literally repeat over and over and over and over again maps that you played 100 times already with barely any characters inside the gameWe still didnt get fully updated perks lack of weapons you cant even customize your loadoutGame is not very well optimized it has its problems it dips down from stable 60 fps to 40-45 without any damn reason and dont even think turning on the gibs+fluid it will just eat your entire freaking fpsMicrotransactions are in here in the early access game dont know why they went with that i guess they really want to screw up their own gameWith the lack of content and updates are nowhere to be seen as well as balance of the game i suggest you stay away from this game untill its full release even then i doubt we will have much more content then we do now its just painfully freaking slow even when they do update its just not worth mentioning"
,Not Recommended,232090,26705466,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,A Random Canadian,"Bought the deluxe back in 2015, got shafted out of the early access loyalty reward because after a while, I decided to wait until the game got released. If this is how they handle reward for people that supported and bought the game before it was done, then I pity the people that buy it now. Very glad that microtransactions were very clearly a priority. At least it showed what the real priority was. Money over the game. My only regret is that it's way too late to refund. Since it is too late, I will keep playing it so that my money wasn't a total waste."
,Recommended,232090,28094393,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Ggdograa,"Fun game, if a little bit repetitive. Shoot lots of zombies in slow motion, use a bazillion weapons and buy new ties and fedoras from the Steam market. Looks good, sounds good, plays good. It's everything I've ever wanted in a game.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvkOAWJxFic"
,Not Recommended,232090,23575406,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Chris Columbo,Another early access blunder
,Recommended,232090,24941752,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,cronixen,"Very fun and casual game with depths to gameplay on higher difficulties. With higher difficulty, normal enemies don't get more ""HP"", instead they run more agile, have more ""moves"" and attack more. This forces one to adapt. Can be played for fun but also cranked up for a challenge, hence the name of the highest difficulty ""Hell on Earth"". Also the gunplay and the sounds are pretty nice and guns have realistic ""feedback"". Overall recommended game, best to be played with friends."
76561198012988831,Not Recommended,232090,22090753,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Mooseknuckle [1upZ],"After 553 houurs, I have decided to stop playing.  Rng/crate system was added 7 months after EA launch.  Coming up on a year, we are still missing perks.  We have PVP though.  If I wanted that, I would play left for dead.  They seem to have no direction anymore on this game.  Slow to update.  They do not respond.  They do not listen to the community.  This is not the same Tripwire from years past."
,Not Recommended,232090,23600997,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Hawk,Could you at least give me a reach around next time you assault me with microtransactions?
,Recommended,232090,15509678,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,s.k.0.m.,This is a MUST BUY!Pros:- Improved GFX quality compared to Killing Floor- Awesome animations- Awesome soundtrack- Awesome Perk system (In my opinion.)Cons:- I still didn't find any floors to kill.- Can't see my legs!Recomended? Hell yeah! The only reason I'd give not to buy it right away would be if you think it doesn't have enough content. But that is to expect since polishing the game is more important.
,Recommended,232090,30488526,Posted: 13 March,all,𝕔𝕣𝕠𝕞𝕒𝕥,"Killing Floor 2 is the follow up to one of the best Co-op experiences I have ever had. Killing Floor sucked out well over at least 4000 hours of my life since I started playing the original game back when it was just a free mod for Unreal Tournament in 2005. On the first day of playing the somewhat lackluster mod, I knew that this game had the potential for being something truly great. I followed its development over several years up until its Tripwire retail release in 2009. Even after launch the new devs kept adding new content which kept me playing for years to come. I can remember after playing for quite some time (1000+ hours retail), I started hearing rumours of Killing Floor 2's potential existence. At first I was dismayed and saw this only as a bad thing however a part of me was truly interested in its potential.When the early access version of Killing Floor 2 released on steam I had mixed feelings regarding the title. I praised the fantastic gore system and weaponry however the game still needed major balancing and bug fixing. Time passed and improvements and fixing came through. As the game is now it is definitely one of the finest co-op shooters out there. Wider array of classes over the original, Fun to use weaponry and the gore, Oh man the gore.To most people games like Killing Floor 2 may seem mundane and repetitive but lets face facts. I am a man with simple tastes. I love my games to be as Brutal/Gory as possible. And Killing Floor 2 delivers that by the bucket load. If you want a game that allows you to massacre zombie like foes with over the top weaponry along with your friends, You have come to the right place...Final score: 90/100"
,Not Recommended,232090,23025147,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Durlk,"Tripwire has been handing out bans on their forums to anybody who DARES criticize anything about their game(s), informal or not. I think it's ridiculous how they're opting out of providing new, exciting content updates and instead giving us cash grab skins in lieu of them. Nobody asked for them. this game has been in Alpha for over a year, and before it can release--they decide it's a good idea to unload tons of microtransactions and tie-ins that do nothing but alienate Tripwire fans/customers.Tripwire may no longer be the same company that you knew in 2007, getting a small payday from you is their primary focus now, and giving a quality experience may not even be a secondary or tertiary one.An example of formal criticism:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=674648279"
76561198028419938,Not Recommended,232090,23005346,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Lҡ | ellogovnor,"I was a KF 1 veteran and put in over 300 hours into the game. I loved how you can post up in one position and steadily take on higher levels of specimens.Since this game is still in early access mode, I recommend for the developers one thing for KF 2 - ""make it more like KF 1"". The specimens were much more fear invoking in KF 1 compared to KF 2.One thing I liked about KF1 was that ammo was always an issue no matter what level you were playing. You feel like the specimens are coming toward to you like molasses while you empty your clips. This isnt the case in KF 2. It is easy to run away from the specimens compared to KF 1. You can more easily survive without your team in KF 2. Team work isn't as crucial in KF 2.Also the scrakes used to invoke fear to every KF 1 player unless you were a sharper shooter, medic or beserker. This isn't the case for KF 2 - the scrakes are much easier for every class to take on which takes away the challenge and dependency on team work.Last the map positioning makes it almost impossible to not restock on weapons. In KF 1 the maps could be very large sometimes and unless you planned accordingly, you can miss out on restocking weapons which adds more challenge to the game. KF 2 maps are smaller or the running option makes it easier regarding the logistics of restocking weapons.All in all, I still play KF 2 for the updated version but I am very much upset KF 2 isn't as good as KF 1."
,Not Recommended,232090,23405219,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,XnZeRK,My biggest mistake was buying CoD: GhostsThis was second.F*ck EARLY ACCESS GAMES!!!
,Recommended,232090,24950265,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,iineedfire,"//THE GOOD(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧↑ Gore. Lots and lots of gore. Just how we like it.↑ Extremely fun co-op. Mostly, players I've encountered are good team players.↑ Music. Metal, my favorite. Although a somewhat small tracklist.↑ No performance issues, at least for me.↑ Graphics and animations are just awesome.↑ Sounds. Guns and zeds alike.↑ Zed behaviour changes on higher difficulties.↑ Kill ticker.↑ Normal difficulty is perfect for newbies.↑ Load times (SSD) are great. I'm usually first in lobbies.↑ Custom maps.//THE BAD୧༼ಠ益ಠ༽୨↓ Microtransactions..... in Early Access....↓ The drop system is buggy and almost non-existent = No rewards for time spent in-game.↓ Updates are few and far between. Maybe I'm used to ARK updating almost daily..↓ Levelling can be a grind.↓ Needs more weapon options.↓ Needs more official maps (I assume they will come after release).↓ No Objective Mode (yet).//OTHER COMMENTS & SUGGESTIONS(◕_◕)○ If you're against Microtransactions, goHERE.○ More frequent and better quality drops are a necessary adjustment, in my opinion.○ More levels to break up the grind would be a great change, personally.Possibly consider 50 levels with perks every 10 levels instead of 25 and 5.Although quite dated, an interesting similiar convoHERE○ Could use some more player text/speech in the Quick Talk Wheel. Or whatever it's called.○ Footstep sound while standing still and turning is annoying and unnecessary IMO.○ Dual wielding weapons - shoot 1 bullet - reload both guns..○ Laser sights being available for more/most weapons would be nice.○ Addition of customisable weapon loadouts (accessories) would be great!Possibly purchasable from trader in-game or have a section similiar to ""Gear"" in the pre-game menu.○ Addition of ability to choose your melee/blade.○ More Player Stat Tracking would be nice.○ I feel like the Devs definitely need to focus more on content updates rather than balancing with every patch. Not saying they aren't needed or appreciated - just that the content progress is very slow.//TACTICAL RESPONSE UPDATEGOOD↑ SWAT - My new favorite Class!↑ Infernal Realm - Bigger, better and community created! Need more maps like this!↑ M16 for Demolition! Yay! M203 seems a little underpowered however.↑ Blocking and Evading makes things interesting.↑ New Trader layout. Big improvement.↑ Fixed the spectator glitch.↑ Some new Menu options.↑ Small map changes are great. Moved objects, removed railings etc.MEH↔ Infernal Realm collectables were insanely easy to find. They're everywhere!↔ Timer glitch? Waiting for next map timer to finish, it resets sometimes. Might just be me.BAD↓ Crawlers are still a thing ᄽὁȍ ̪ őὀᄿ↓ No real negatives found yet.. :)I'm considerably more casual than those who would pickup on certain bugs and any necessarytweaks to the analytical system for damages/resistances - So I can't really comment on them. Those that do, please don't hate on me if the stats are still unbalanced. ◕‿◕ ✌//SCORE & FINAL THOUGHTS→ → →  7/10 - Pre Beta Patch (Posted 16/08/16)→ → →  8/10 - Post Beta Patch (Edit 01/09/16)Definitely recommended as long as it's completed.Still in Early Access it obviously has some places where it needs work.Marked down for microtransactions, Zedconomy trade market and the crappy drop system.BUT - For me, it's a super fun game that I'm dumping most of my spare time into currently.I like FPS. I like Zombie/mutants. I like gore. I like metal. I like guns. I like horror.It has all that and does it quite well..The Tac Response Beta is a much needed improvement.If updates like this are continued - I can't wait to see the final product!🔥"
,Not Recommended,232090,22921604,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez,I am a long time fan of killing floor and I have loved the series... until now.It seems Tripwire turned into Crapwire with horrid updates and pushing crap content out instead of giving us a more balanced game. It also seems that they have stopped listening entirely to the fan base and are banning people who are speaking their mind in respective manners on the forums.I regret ever purchasing this game and I will no longer be playing KF2 or anything Derpwire makes.
,Recommended,232090,31659807,Posted: 9 May,all,Gropiemon,My favorite zombie killing co-op since Left 4 Dead 2. If you want to kill zeds and run away when people start dying there is nothing better.
,Not Recommended,232090,22795425,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Vampyre,"The game released entirely playable but missing content, and it remains in that state. Map content has become better, but perks (roles or classes in other games) are overtly missing (i.e. there are weapons for them that don't have a class to match), and the game is full of micro-transaction BS that doesn't belong in a full-price title, especially in early access. This is not remotely like a Free-to-play game.Graphics and soundtrack are good. The voiceover work is a bit stale. It is still fun to play, but it's questionable if the game will be finished in anything resembling a reasonable time frame.I'd say give this a pass and wait until it's out of EA. I don't regret buying it, but I put hundreds of hours into the original, and there isn't enough content here to keep me playing it more than one night in 60 days. Your dollars are better spent elsewhere for now."
76561198066578175,Not Recommended,232090,22964748,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,BattleSarge,"As of now, I cannot reccomend this game.Before I begin, do not get me wrong! This is not by any means a bad game. In fact, it has quite good entertainment value, especially with friends! However, in my mind, and the minds of many others, the devs have simply crossed the line.When this game us first unveiled to Early Access, I was so excited! KF1 seemed a bit dated, and had the classic 'bullet tanking' issue. This game does not suffer from that, and that along with quite good gameplay and stunning visuals, I had to buy this!So buy it I did! I was confident in my purchase. Tripwire was responsible for the massive success of KF1, and one of my favourite FPS games of all time, Red Orchestra 2. This also didn't seem like it would be in Early Access for long at all! At the time of release, the devs stated in a gameplay session with TotalBiscut that the game should definetely be out of Early Access by September 2015, and they were confident with that fact. This is one of the reasons I bought the game.Well, the september promise turned out to be a big lie. September 2015 drew ever nearer, and the updates to the game were few and far between. I wasn't too alarmed, as I expected just one massive launch update. Well, I actually stopped playing the game, and forgot about it, waiting for it to be released. Then I heard of all the microtransaction controversy, and warning sirens went off in my head. I checked back on the store page for this game, and sure enough, game is still Early Access in December 2015! And here we are, middle of May 2016 and the game is STILL early access, over 7 months behind their promise! Not only that, but they actively censor community outcry!This type of developer behaviour should not be tolerated, and thus I urge you not to buy this game. Not to mention that there is hardly a difference in content since the release of the game into Early Access and now. Same boss. Same 5-7 enemies. Same guns. Same four maps (how many have they added? four? two?)TL;DR ♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers. Microtransactions. Slow progress. Do not buy."
76561198038190767,Recommended,232090,31293934,Posted: 22 April,all,Oly~,This game takes killing floor 1 to the second floor!
,Not Recommended,232090,21404019,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Spuderman,"Adding in-game cosmeticts before fixing any of the glitches , bugs, performance  or matchmaking... GJ tripwire, try to make one of your games run at all for once...."
,Not Recommended,232090,21495132,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Hero of Kvatch,KF1 is so much better.
76561198067835188,Not Recommended,232090,22203605,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Celeryismyname,"Do I recommend this game at its current state? Not really. Would I in a couple of months? Possibly. I expected a lot from this game, considering Killing Floor 1 was one of the best if not the best zombie survival game I've ever played; and I love COD Zombies. Anyways, this game is good for a couple hours, till you realize you get a couple (3-4) guns for each class, which all of them arn't even out yet but were suppose to be out ""by the end of 2015"" which they told us last year. There is good intentions for this game, because it's suppose to be Killing Floor 1, but with a lot more content, which could lead to hundreds to thousands of hours worth of content. I know its early access, and I know its only be a year since it was realeased, but come on, they barely worked on it for the whole time it was out and im certain they made enough money to fund it considering it was $30 dollars for early access. I love the games that Tripwiire make, but this was just bad taste for them to hype this game up and let the title early access consume it and make it take years to be finished like a lot of early access games now. I'm hoping when its finished I can make a positive review for it, but this is depressing seeing talented game developers make such aweful decisions in their game development."
,Not Recommended,232090,22076483,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,AETHER,"Early Access done horribly wrong, key and crate microtransactions added before the game is even complete, without even all of the classes implemented.Ignoring of the community, very late updates, and lies.If you want eye candy, then pick this up. If you want a great co-op survival shooter, pick up KF1. Thou at this point I would refuse to support TWI in any way and tell you to pick up L4D2 or something instead.Here are some raw numbers to help soldify how people who bought this are feeling.Last year, April 22nd, 2016, around 800k people bought this for $30. That is $24,000,000, more then enough to not only fund this game throughout its dev cycle, but to also give unhappy customers refunds if needed. And yet, we have seen zero refunds, updates that are on par with a low budget game, and the implemation of microtransaction gambling!What is worse, no one is playing!! The 800,000 players are gone, and only about 1,000 or 2,000 are online at once. To put this in perspective, L4D2 is a similar game that was released some 6 years ago, and still manages at least 6,000-12,000 players a day. No microtransactions, hell, it was given away for free a very good amount of times and is commonly on sale for $5 or less. It still has dedicated servers as well.Save $25 and buy KF1 or L4D2 instead of this mess."
,Recommended,232090,33170193,Posted: 2 July,all,BOT Clara,"10/10 ❤lots of killings , endless floors.a zombie game i actually enjoy playing."
76561198011381330,Not Recommended,232090,23149794,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,IT()E Blake Ice,"I still play it, but I can't recommend it.  This is not the killing floor 2 that I was hoping for.""We've got a big secret surprise we can't tell you about yet.""  Here I am hoping for objective mode.  VS Mode instead, worst mode ever. No one plays it.""Big announcment coming!""  Again, hoping for objective mode...The Descent.  Basically taking the worst aspect of the game and giving it a map.  Fall through hole in ground to next random room.  The worst aspect of this game is the repetitive nature.  This map removes any need to even find a good hold spot and just puts you in a spot that you must hold from.This game needs objective mode.  It needs a reason to move around and interact with the surroundings other than shooting stupid bling.  A sense of progression and a plot unfolding.  It has none of this at the moment.  Just repetition."
,Not Recommended,232090,23602694,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Master Pekkanort,At first i loved it then tripwire ruined everything...Time to go back to KF1!
,Not Recommended,232090,23604385,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Lord Taco the Great,"Try getting rid of my opinion here, tripwire ;)"
76561198027682020,Not Recommended,232090,26705693,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,「GEAR † DEAD」,"Well this game has been an interesting lesson to say the least. I bought this about a few months into early access, and I cannot recomend it.Pros:+Good weapon animation for view models.+Runs decently on my Nvidia GTX 960 (EDIT: My card has 4GB).Cons:- Extremely poor balance with ZED mode.- The Launcher tends to crash the game before it fully loads (possibly a local issue).- Very poor value for the price, this factors in the time spent in Early Access and the timing of each update during that period. As well as content such as maps, classes, class skills, and progression to higher difficulties- Classes like the Martial Artist (previously datamined) are not present in the final version of the game, despite being advertised as such.- Blatant microtransactions and skinboxing, easily avoidable, but clearly this was where most of the devs focus went- Boss Characters like Hans, were never really balanced in early access. He alternated from being too difficult to too easy at many points. I don't believe a proper balance was ever found. Almost as if the devs gave up.While I enjoyed the first Killing Floor quite a bit, it is clear to me that Early Access has not done this game any favors. And seeing it's changes throught the (excessivley lengthy) Early Access period never at any point gave any indication that this was a game that could surpass or be on par with the original. Killing Floor 2 is a microcosm of why Early Access is a generally bad idea. And I hope that it can serve as a guide for future developers as an example of what not to do.Had I bought this game when Steam Refunds were an option, I would have refunded it two years ago."
,Recommended,232090,15533522,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,A51an,"Great game, much better than the 1st. Also no paid mods <3"
76561198097140269,Not Recommended,232090,23593278,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,BRAAAAAP Stutututu,"You know when you're walking along, it's a nice day, then you step in some dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you look down at it with this mixed feeling of disgust and disappoinment tinged with a little sadness? And the♥♥♥♥♥♥isn't just superficial, it's worked it's way into the tread of your shoe and you know you're going to have to givie it a proper good scrub but no matter how hard you scrub your shoes will never quite be perfectly clean as they were.That is how I feel about this game.The devs have no idea what direction this game is going in, they've tried to win our approval with stupid over the top graphical effects and ridiculous and unbelievable characters with stupid dialogue. They're constantly changing classes and features, so if you see something you like that makes you buy the game, there's a damn good chance that it'll be nerfed or altered in some way. They introduced a stupid microtransaction system because we all LOVE those.The original Killing Floor was great, and this game could've been so much better than it, but instead this game is the dog♥♥♥♥♥♥that ruined your day, and no matter how hard you try, your Steam library will never be quite as clean as it was.Avoid at all costs."
76561198094162297,Not Recommended,232090,22778321,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,R3QUIT3D,"Another criminal comany but this one is actually screwing you over before it leaves Early Access.  The balls on these people!! how do they live with themsleves, the employee's with a bit of moral's all quit."
,Not Recommended,232090,22796953,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Dreadful Dan,"While the game is in a playable state the perks remain unbalanced and not fun, with the recent Pvp addition the game hasn't really changed because... Let's be real who expected the pvp game mode to be good."
,Not Recommended,232090,21763672,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Alles,"Just realised that this game uses microtransaction now? really? after u take our money then u decided to sell some stuff to us? yes i know you might think oh its only cosmetic blablabla you don't need to buy blablalblla but seriously its an EARLY ACCESS GAME at least finish your game first then talk about selling us stuffDisgusting way of selling this game, you should be ashamed"
,Recommended,232090,15499014,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,White_Warlock,Do not play this game if you have any of the following:AchluophobiaAcarophobiaAcousticophobiaAgateophobiaAgliophobiaAmbulophobiaAmychophobiaAnglophobiaAphenphosmphobiaApotemnophobiaArachnephobiaAtelophobiaAtychiphobiaAutodysomophobiaAutophobiaBacteriophobiaBallistophobiaBlennophobiaBromidrosiphobiaCacophobiaCarnophobiaChiraptophobiaClaustrophobiaContreltophobiaandHemophobia
,Not Recommended,232090,23568861,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Ping|Archimaede,Every update makes the game less fun. Every update shows that the devs don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about the players.Don't buy the game.
76561198079938954,Not Recommended,232090,23556456,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Emperor Weisser,"Unbelievable. Microtransactions and a incredibly slow development team. Don't buy. Don't support  a company that will actively censor its players and keep a game in ""development"" for a incredibly long time with few and far between improvements/ new content."
,Not Recommended,232090,22384060,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,YellowCellPhone,"It's sad. They sold this game on being an updated, much more polished version of KF1, with more perks, bloodier zombies, and flashier guns, and so far all they've done is postpone the perks, zombies, and guns to spend all their time mimicking other games.We're a year into EA and three perks are still missing (two of which the devs have said literally nothing about), balance between perks and zeds are still bad despite the community's constant demands for change, the devs have been selectively deaf to any outcry and will alert the community about the plans for the next update maybe once a month, and the biggest stinger is that it's not really Early Access. The real betas and early access builds go to the press, and we're given their scraps about a week after the press are finished reporting it.They decided to put a CS:GO/TF2 cosmetic economy and a L4D2 Versus mode in when approximately nobody asked for them. Meanwhile, Crawlers still can't climb walls despite that being on their to-do list since day one.I WANT TO LIKE THIS GAME. It's actually a good game. The problem is Tripwire being so slow to release updates, with content that nobody wants, and then taking months to respond to criticism.Meanwhile, KF1 is $20, has a lot more content, and is a completed game."
76561198026362340,Not Recommended,232090,23443264,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Pill Cosby,"""where ever microtransactions go, my negitive reviews will follow.""this game is not much different from KF1 except updated with new mechanics and graphics. ohh, did i mention early access microtransactions?slow updates make for loss of interest also."
,Not Recommended,232090,23558362,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Time Traveler,"I would have recommended this game to anyone last week.With the new resistance (Bulls-Eye) update, the game is going further and further away from what made it so fun.Team work which was a large component to the game's success is now more difficult than ever, and although there are many more in-game classes, they all seem slightly less useful in the wake of overpowered enemies.The point of Early Access is to give feedback to the developer, and this is what I am doing.If they change back the game to the more balanced and reasonable setup they had prior update, I will do the same with this review."
,Not Recommended,232090,23589733,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,VertiBRO,Don't buy this game. It's going to die in early access. The development pace is glacial taking multiple months between sparce updates. They have crates like TF2 with microtransactions but they hid behind Early Access. Its a finnished game and should be treated as one. Don't expect anymore patches.
,Not Recommended,232090,23031926,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Ketchup,I really had high hopes for this game. I played most my hours when it was innocent. There were no microtransactions and everything looked good. Now microtransaction and garbage dlc rule the day. What a shame.
,Recommended,232090,29248984,Posted: 14 January,all,Intumesce,"NOTE: This review has been cut down on words because it is too long for the Steam page. Read the full reviewhere.Foreword: This will be my third and probably final review on the game. I have reviewed this game twice before, both times in Early Access, both times I had a mostly negative opinion on the game. This time the game has left Early Access and I have a positive review. At the time of writing this, my old negative review was found useful by 2,944 of 3,461 people (85%) despite it at the time being outdated by many months as things that had been issues in my review had finally started to change.I have 2 opinions on Killing Floor 2, my first is my opinion on KF2 as a game and my second is on KF2 as an Early Access title.Let's start off with what we have now, the game that has left Early Access. If we strictly compare it to Killing Floor 1, I can lay out the pros and cons of this game like so:+ Significantly enhanced textures and models, audio quality, lighting, and so on+ MUCH better animation, and when it comes to Killing Floor this is such a huge step up I feel it deserves to be its own pro+ Much less tiresome grinding, faster leveling, more perks on offer+ More bosses, more zeds to kill+ Crossperk weapon functionality (one of my favorite new things)+ Melee system expanded upon and improved; blocking and parrying now exist and give MUCH more depth to Berserker+ New crowd control effects like stumble, freeze, knockdown, etc.+ Characters now have unique voices and personalities, rather than copies of each other's dialogue with 2 voice variants+ New cosmetic system improves your customization options available rather than needing to buy a character pack in the store- Significantly less style and atmosphere; the first game had a clear survival horror/grindhouse theme, while I can only describe KF2's style as ""realistic""- There are more perks on offer but they feel less unique, partially because all of them are just old perks split in 2- The customization uses the ""key and crate"" system, meaning you need to get lucky to get what you want out of a crate and the market prices of items in this game are extremely expensive considering they are cosmetics in a PvE game- Only a fraction of the voice commands on offer in the first game and the voice command UI is 100% meant for consoles with little consideration for how annoying it is to use on PC; KF1 had 21 voice commands in total while KF2 has only 8- Scrake and Fleshpound roles have changed significantly for the worseOverall, Killing Floor 2 is a good game. At the start of Early Access I thought it was just going to be Killing Floor 1.5 HD Remix, but I was wrong on that. Later on the game morphed so much several times I wished it WAS just an HD mod instead of a real game. But after what feels like an eternity in Early Access, the game made it out alive and is arguably a good game that doesn't deserve a lot of flack it gets these days. Though some specific things that are still unique to KF1 (atmosphere, dialogue, style) are still missing and probably will remain so forever.So if that's all you care about and you're asking me ""is Killing Floor 2 a good game worth buying?"" I'd say: yes! It's a good game and you should buy it.But if you want to hear my full opinion, I think you should keep reading. KF2 has been a good, mediocre, and HORRIBLE game several times in the past. This has to do with the developer, Tripwire Interactive, and how they managed their title throughout Early Access. So let me give you a very brief history of why this game was a horrible Early Access title and whose evolution through it will leave it permanently scarred in the minds of players.For a very long time, there were only really perks designed to kill trash in the game. (Before you tell me Support/Commando can take on big zeds or whatever, no, back then they couldn't) Eventually this was fixed, but for a long time it was a dreadful task to kill big zeds and it shocks me Tripwire went with adding Commando instead of something the likes of Sharpshooter or Demolitions.Resistances were added (and quickly removed because it was such a horrible idea) that gave zeds nonsensical, random damage modifiers to different damage types. For example, Stalkers might take 1.7 damage (x1.7 modifier, more damage) against ARs, but only 1.0 damage against SMGs.The damage values and types were chosen completely arbitrarily. It was meant to ""promote teamplay"" but all it did was make the perk with the most average modifier king (Commando) for a brief time.This is an example of how horribly disconnected Tripwire were from the people who actually play their game.Perks have been nerfed or buffed to extremes, with either far too quick changes or changes that take way too long. The best example that comes to mind would be how Firebug has almost always throughout Early Access (and even now, post-release) been either totally broken or horribly bad.Microtransactions are a very dividing issue with people rabidly defending one side or another. I'm in the middle. I don't think MTs ruin the game, but I think the way Tripwire went about implementing them couldn't possibly have been worse. Out of nowhere, Tripwire added MTs to the game and they added more crates and keys whenever they feel like it. I don't think people were expecting the game to have NO paid content (KF1 had lots) but they sure as hell didn't expect this.Had Tripwire simply given players more time to accept it and perhaps make some changes on how the basic system works, like by getting user opinions with a poll or something BEFORE they add MTs, then I wouldn't have had any issues at all with it.PvP mode, an entire game mode, was a waste of development time and effort. Tripwire's excuse for developing it was that ""the people in charge with working on it had nothing better to do,"" but almost NOBODY wanted PvP mode, yet they went ahead with developing it. But it's about more than PvP mode itself, PvP mode is the symbol of all the wasted development time that Tripwire put on various items and updates throughout the game that could have been spent on something MUCH better had they simply asked the players what they thought about it and if they want it.Now lastly, what will most probably affect the post-release content now that Tripwire is officially in ""no need to rush yourself"" mode.The time between updates was ridiculous. I don't care how patient you are, 2.5+ MONTHS between ""major"" (non-micropatches/""live updates"") is unacceptable. I don't think the game will ever be the same to some of us simply because it was that bad, and some people will always feel bad about this game because they felt betrayed by Tripwire when asked to wait for so long for even a small update.So to summarize my thoughts on KF2 as an Early Access game, it was plagued by lots of bad decisions. Tripwire has learned a bit from their mistakes and have made mostly good or neutral decisions since the Tactical Response update, but if you're the type who's weary of developers that screw up big time, you might want to stay away from this game."
,Not Recommended,232090,22886018,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,White Kamikaze,"Wow, still in Early Access, and already we have dlcs, crates and all that F2P good jazz. I love Killing Floor 2, it is a great shooter with good balance and wonderful level design...but I cannot help but feel that I've been tricked into buying a F2P game... Not a good feeling. Cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,232090,22436985,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Little Mighty Rabbit,"Tripwire has basically given up on development. Key staff members have been fired and paid for cosmetics have been implemented, but aside from that not much content is being released anymore (snippits of stuff come out once every 6 months roughly, but there haven't been any balance adjustments in a long time). Looks like they're going for a grubby cash grab. I'd avoid Tripwire in the future. Game had a lot of potential."
76561198110406618,Not Recommended,232090,20586131,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,✿ Adela ✿,"Killing Floor 2 is a sequel to the popular and successful Killing Floor 1. Keep in mind that Killing Floor 2 is in early access and has yet to receive a full release. Many players from the previous title may know that some of the new features of Killing Floor 2 included sprinting and crosshair, which may come as a disappointment. While I personally do not believe this should be an issue at all for both veteran and new players, it does remove the aspect of having your knife out to run quicker.About thegraphics- there is no doubt that there is a big improvement. The game has updated graphics and textures which look significantly better than they did before.There are 10wavesand on the 11th wave you have to fight against a boss (either the Patriarch or Hans Volter for now). By the end of your tenth wave the map you’re surviving appears splattered in blood from each shot you make. It’s a good feature and definitely adds atmosphere to the chaos.The first Killing Floor provided a selection of 7perks. Killing Floor 2’s Early Access contains 9 perks for now - Berserker, Commando, Support, Field Medic, Demolitionist, Sharpshooter, Firebug, Gunslinger and the new perk Swat. Once the game reaches its full release it is rumoured that it will include 10 perks in total. Each perk has its own special skill which is unlocked at levels 5,10,15,20 and 25 and there are two options of which you can't choose your special skill.The specimensin Killing Floor 2 are a bit modified compared to Killing Floor 1. There are not many combos you can use for the insta - kill of the big zeds. I have seen one for the medic with his nades and I can't even call it a combo, more like a simple strategy and one for the firebug. So it is not very easy to kill Fleshpounds and Scrakes. The one thing I don't like is that if someone enrages the Scrake or the Fleshpound, they can attack anyone they want. So I find it really annoying to have them charging against me, without being prepared to kill them. Headshots here are essential, so try your best not to miss them.I have a mixed feeling when it comes toteamplay. When the waves get harder in some of the cases everybody just runs around trying to save theirselves and it would be pure luck if you end the wave with your teammates being around you, because in some situations it is impossible to stay together. So it is best to count on yourself to finish the wave, alive.There are not manygunsadded to this game, but hopefully new ones will be released soon.More maps, weapons, game modes, removing classes imbalance, fixing teleporting zeds and concentrating on the game's development rather than adding cosmetics will definitely make more Killing Floor 2 players happy.Overall I would not recommend  this game to other people for now, because Tripwire have turned it into  a casual game. You play 1-2 maps and everything is okay, but  after that it gets deadly boring ... If I have to compare it with KF1 - a BIG lack of content. Sure it is an early access, but there aren't any signs of progress.In the end after playing around 400 hours I came to the following conslusion: Killing Floor 2 - a game where disscussing other player's performance it is more important than the game itself. Enjoy."
76561198042998141,Recommended,232090,15503656,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,RC1207_Sev,"I've got close to 250 hours in the first Killing Floor so its a no secret I was excited for the sequel, but after playing a few rounds last night now I can truly express my happiness at what a great job Tripwire did!First thing I noticed was file size: 5GB - none of this 60 GB nonsense, thank you very much.Next up, I only have a GTX 570 but I'm playing on max settings and everything looks grand.While as of this writing only 4 perks are active ( berzerker, medic, support, commando) I'm appreciating the level of detail going into the creation of those classes' weapons. They look, feel, and sound great.True, the match format is slightly different as you start with a class-based weapon in round 1 instead of just pistol & knife, but I don't see this as a bad change for now. The starter weapons are appropriately weaker: .22 AR, what looks like a 20 gauge shottie, for example for the support & commando class. This is something else I like - they're not just gonna randomly assign different weapons strengths over others. They've thought out how to logically rank guns in order of usefulness to plucky zed-hunters. Now enough typing on my part... time to get back to it!"
76561197980934631,Not Recommended,232090,22316400,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,NoobDaddy,FINISH THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME BEFORE GIVING US♥♥♥♥♥♥WE DONT WANT YOU ♥♥♥♥ING MUGSHorwood is ugly.
76561198052294033,Not Recommended,232090,23601453,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Friendly Fire,"Was a long time killing floor 1 fan with 300 hours across 2 accounts (120 on this one)Genuinely love the game. Got level 6's and did nothing but play for hours on end.Put 100 hours in killing floor 2 on this account so far.But tripwire has taken a wrong turn with this. Besides the updated graphics, this game isn't what killing floor was about.They've lost the spirit of the original game."
,Not Recommended,232090,22758235,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,That Guy Over There,Where is my content?
,Not Recommended,232090,22885094,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Freezard,"If you want to check out a game that's been doing early access right, look at Grim Dawn. This game is not one of them.KF2 has been in early access for over a year and the updates are released at a snoozing pace. I have not even touched the game for a long time because of annoying things like teleporting enemies, which apparently are still in the game. Releasing PvP and microtransactions instead of working on things that are core to the game and actually trying to make a finished product is something I can't even understand. The maps are way too few and the perks are incomplete, yet they put efforts into a PvP mode in a game that has always been about co-op? Releasing an early access with only four perks out of ten in the game was a bad decision in the first place, because players are unable to test the core of the game which are the different perks and the ability to mix them in a team and try different strategies together. There's not much to be gained for Tripwire since the game will be changed so drastically in the future anyway.Grim Dawn did early access so well because they prioritized finishing the actual integral parts of the game and now after release they're working on additional content like survival mode, new dungeons and items, and even an expansion pack - all which take nothing away from the player experience, they just add to it. Tripwire should have done the same and released PvP after being done with the game, not when there's still a ton of other stuff to work on that are core to the game."
,Not Recommended,232090,22796289,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Mons,"General verdict for me, if you played KF 1, keep playing it. If you haven't played KF before, buy and play 1. Ignore 2 completely. Don't know if it's just the early access phase, or if KF2 is really heading down a path to failure. Either way, just buy KF1, get a couple of friends to skype with and pop some zed heads on that instead. It's much more fun than anything KF2 has to offer.Couldn't bring myself to dump as many hours into this as I did with KF1. Probably because this game takes a little more effort to play, or maybe I'm not high enough in the perk levels, or maybe because the gameplay isn't as predictable as KF1 where zeds seem to appear from every crevice imaginable. I liked the ability to lock myself in a room and blow the doors as the zeds storm through; now the doors are permanently destroyable and the focus seems to be keeping the players moving. It was easier to just rock out to KF1 and be mindless whereas in 2... it's lost some of the charm for me.Improved graphics, game(gun)play and general game mechanics.Finicky trade menu, takes a little time to get used to.Music choice is questionable. It doesn't sound as good as KF1 but each to their own. Too many vocals? I don't know, it just didn't do it for me.Zeds. They are cool this time around, but some of their unpredictability, move speed (oh god the move speed) and certain traits (such as moving erratically, you invisible lady things) are more annoying than they are fun to play against. I get that it's easy to kite things in KF1, but that formula feels fun to play with. My biggest example / complaint would be the ""last few zeds left"" thing the game seems to do which is that it speeds up the zeds so they are harder.Fleshpounds in KF1 were predictable and fun to fight against. You hear the music rumbling and you see it in the distance, feeling a sense of dread as it got closer; if someone accidentally shot it and it went nuts you had a rush of adrenaline. In KF2, fleshpounds that aren't even aggro'd are nuts to fight against, which isn't a good thing imo... If it's part of the last few zeds alive, it's perma-aggro'd which is pretty aids.There's just something about the predictability of the mobs in KF1 that makes it so much more enjoyable. It's like playing pacman where you know how everything will act so how far you got depended on your skill level. But with KF2 the formula has been changed so much in my eyes that it's like you play pacman but everynow and again the ghosts will go through the walls, so whilst zeds are spawning out satans♥♥♥♥♥to keep you on your toes, you sort of lose the will to play the game. A lot of my friends used to love having a chat whilst playing KF1; but it seems nigh impossible in KF2."
,Not Recommended,232090,22213069,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Superscooter,"I was waiting for this game to come out of Early Access or have enough content to give the game a meaningful review.That was a massive chore to keep up.About a year... or more... around... into early access, the game is still missing significant critical content supposed to be in the full game. I don't know why they're peddling this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of ""a map taking like six to seven months to make"", and then along the way think it is more important to FIRST implement microtransaction systems, a TF2 crafting and loot system... HATS. They still manage to fail on implementing proper Nvidia Flex support since release, still aren't even CLOSE to the amount of weapons in the original Killing Floor, perk updates take more than half a year... and the most INSULTING of them all is that every single time a meaningful content update does come out so we can (obviously) try to break the hell out of the update because it's EARLY ACCESS, we are told it is a ""free dlc pack"" or ""free expansion"" like we are privileged to have such a fun, new diversion. ♥♥♥♥ no. This is Early Access, we paid for an unfinished game and would offer criticism and support for it until it released (hopefully) in a finished, polished state. As far as I can tell, Killing Floor 2  was never meant to be a game to release in Early Access. It has too many finished parts while completely lacking on the promises in a REASONABLE TIMEFRAME from the developer.I mean, the game plays good and all (and balance and certain weapons are absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ though) but this game is moving at such a pace while prioritizing microtransactions that it won't be finished soon, at all."
76561198068645569,Not Recommended,232090,23563313,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,CHICKEN TENDIES CHICKEN TENDIES,Developpers hate their own customers it seems.
76561198025866098,Not Recommended,232090,23318575,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,robotpenguins,"I bought this game to play with my friends, but then soon after they announced the microtransactions and my friends bailed on me, and I was past the refund period. Now I hear about these crackdowns. Game was fun for the short time I could enjoy it, but frankly every time I get involved with a game at full price, they immediately salt the earth and I\'m ♥♥♥♥ing tired of it. This is the kind of people who are making it worse for all of the good folks out there working hard to make a game."
,Not Recommended,232090,22358272,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,DOOMJESUS,"11-24-15 R.I.P.for the benefit of those who do not understand what the real customers are upset about and because most of you kids seem to be missing the point, entirely, i will elaborate and spell it out for you in simple, down-to-earth language that will be easy enough for even a child to understand:tripwire sells you the game for thirty dollars, which they see only as their ""initial profits"" from the game.after you have given them your money for the game and you think it's been bought and paid for, tripewire then insists on trying to sell you randomly generated crates, containing unknown items (that just should have been in the game to begin with, the missing parts of the game). but you can find out what's inside the crates by paying whatever arbitrary figure they finally arrive at and you get whatever you gambled your money on out of the crate, like it or not. but they know you'll fall for it because of your natural curiosty. ""aren't you dying to know what's in the crate? to find out, all we require is some more of your parents' money"".but their profiteering doesn't end there, after that second wave of profits they receive from selling you the random crate, they then profit a third time whenever you buy, sell or trade the useless crap that you don't want out of the crate with other players in their bs marketplace. you heard me right, when you send back the randomly generated stuff that you don't want and you take a monetary loss on it in the process, tripewire gets a percentage of the transaction you made, allegedly with another player. and you will ultimately sell back (at a loss) most of the crap you get out of the crates because you'll receive numerous duplicates in the process, because they don't allow you to simply pick which items you want to buy from them because they want you to use their marketplace ""to trade"", every time you launch their game, that you paid thirty bucks for already. so maybe you'll end up getting the item you wanted out of the random crate the first time around and only pay five bucks for it, just as you would if it was simply on the steam store front. or maybe you'll have to spin the wheel several times and make a few ""trades"" before you get the piece of useless cosmetic crap you wanted and likely end up paying enough money to have bought three or four more copies of the game before you get your favorite, shiny highly-coveted-rare-weapon-skin. perhaps you may have heard at some point in your young life that gambling is ""a fool's game"" and that ""the house always wins"" well maybe now you can begin to understand what these phrases really mean. tripewire has turned their game into an online casino where they control the algorithms by which the wheels in their slot-machine are programmed to turn. think about what you are doing with your money. do you believe they are going to allow you to win what you want on your first spin of the wheel? second spin? tenth? or the hundredth time you gamble your money? maybe.by buying into this form of ""business model"", essentially you become tripewire's slave, which amounts to nothing more than a legalized consumer scam.on the business side, this is known as arevenue harvesting system. however most customers have naively come to know it by the kinder, gentler name that the game publishers have provided for customers to call it, namely,microtransactions.by now you're probably saying; ""well that sure is crappy of them. tripewire's greed obviously knows no boundaries. but how do they get away with a thing like that?"" well because it's perfectly legal to do this. ""but why is a thing like this legal?"" you may ask. well kids, again the answer is simple, they can do this because ""it's only a game"" and the gaming industry is not subject to any sort of government regulations as long as they pay their taxes, it is perfectly within their right to trick and manipulate their customers in any way they can manufacture in order to get you to give them more money for nothing and to charge you the most exorbitant prices that you could have ever possibly imagined seeing in a consumer outlet for any industry, for content that should have been in the game when you paid the initial price and you assumed that you paid the full fare.with that in mind, you have no recourse against scams like these EXCEPT TONOTBECOME A WILLING PARTICIPANT.so how do you like them apples?(that is what is known as a rhetorical question. i am not interested in your thoughts on the matter. so you can keep your critiques of my review to yourselves. i'm talking to you, shills.)frankly, at this point, i am surprised tripewire are not selling the bullets for the guns in this game, for real-life money. but it probably won't be long before they ""implement that feature"" too. and they will likely sell most of their customers on that idea too because they have a vast army of shills (and their mindless parrots a.k.a. fanbois) to get behind them on that, evidently.if i was you, i would not buy this game.i will not even go into the lack of content, the poor game mechanics and the broken promises because you can look at any number of other reviews to get information on those aspects of this scam of a game.if you think i'm just talking out of my behind for the fun of it, then look at my hours in the game and maybe you'll understand how serious i am.in case you don't know what i meant by R.I.P., 11-24-15 is when they added this money-milking update and that is the day i uninstalled this game and i will never look back. so that's one less low ping server running on tripwire's behalf for free.""early access done right""? as i see it, this is much more akin to anal-daterape. in fact, that's precisely what this ""business model"" is.also included in this rip-off model, tripwire pretends to be giving customers stuff for free with these so-called loot drops but they hardly ever happen and mostly what you get out of them is shi_t that is behind a paywall, pay to unlock this encrypted usb key or pay to open this supply crate and one out of every ten drops or so you get a single common item. and this is where the uber grind begins, if you are into this kind of shi_t, i am talking about crafting items in exchange for hours of playing the game instead of paying outright with real life money. i just now recycled every one of the items that i've collected from the pathetic loot drops in this game after 1100 hours of play time without ever having touched the crafting system before. i had just enough items after 1100 hours to craft a single common weapon skin that can only be used on one gun after 1100 fuc_king hours of play! fuc_k you again tripwire, you greedy mother fuc_king, sadistic, cutthroat, bast_ards. 1100 fuc_king hours to craft a single common item that they don't even sell because it's too shi_tty to be in their store, no one would spend money on the crappy item that i crafted after 1100 hours of playing this game.on top of all that, they change the rules of this game every two or three months so just as you get accustomed to the game being one way, tripwire changes the rules and the gameplay almost invariably gets worse with each update to the point where classes don't make any difference at all and the only way to win is to find a new way to exploit the ai because all the maps are sh_it and the monster spawning system is completely fu_cked as well and has been from the start and has only become progressively worse with time. no matter what the rules of the game are, tripwire will supply their customers only with maps that are impossible to win without playing in some unfair manner, and that is done by design. tripwire doesn't want thier cusomters to have fun. what they expect is for the players to be an extended network of tripwire employees who pay tripwire to allow them to come to work for them each day.fu_ck tripwire interactive. killing floor 2 is a complete waste of money and time."
,Not Recommended,232090,23319297,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,<HF> ☠Shonem☠,"I\'ve had a great experience with the game thus far when it comes to gameplay.But now I\'m going to say exactly why you shouldn\'t buy this game, at least not yet.1. it\'s early access and it has pay only content, and is further planning microtransactions.Currently there are two bundles of content you can only get if you purchase entire other games.Totally up to well over 40 dollars for 2 extra characters and weapons.They have laid out the plans as well for an extensive microtransaction system, much like CS:GO.While some people might not mind that sort of thing, it completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ises the spirit of the original game, something they said they never planned on doing.2. Censorship and bannings for those offering criticism for this game.The bad criticism they have recieved because of these actions is also currently being cracked down on in their forums by moderators and the devs themelves.Many examples can be found here.http://steamcommunity.com/groups/TWINOMICROTRANSACTIONS/discussions/0/371918937258389095/3. If you don\'t vote with your wallet, they will continue down this path.The devs at least CLAIM that if an idea gets a bad response, they will change.So unless people actually express their displeasure at these things, nothing will get done."
76561197999209563,Recommended,232090,28212713,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,With_Teeth26,"The original Killing Floor was the epitome of a simple concept well executed. You and up to five teammates shot a variety of mutants who arrived in waves, which earned you money to spend on better weapons between the waves. That was it. That was the entire game. However, it got the basics of great gameplay mechanics, great map design, and a meaningful set of difficulty options that tied in with the progression system so very right, that it remained compelling. Everything I just wrote could be applied to the sequel as well, but with all of the standards brought up to a modern level, with the possible exception of map design. Killing Floor 2 is once again a very simple game, but it also excels in the area of gameplay mechanics, good progression and a good level of challenge, even if overall it plays things a bit safe.continue reading"
76561198027873535,Not Recommended,232090,19144339,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,={GMU}=WeissenStein,"Still waiting for official launch and while that, Tripwire Interactive update the game (which is in ""early access"") and they give the impression that it's a ""free content pack"". How can you receive a ""Free content pack"" from a ""In development"" game. It sounds like something negligible."
,Recommended,232090,15478951,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,MrJenssen,"First impressions based on around 6 hours of playtime:Killing Floor 2 shows great promise, its core mechanics are nothing short of fantastic. And for an Early Access game, it’s surprisingly almost entirely bug-free. More content is coming in due time, and the devs have promised full mod tools during Early Access so the community can start churning out maps.So whether or not you find Killing Floor 2 worth buying during Early Access, comes down to how much money you’re willing to spend on a game that you’ll likely only try out for a few hours and then put to the side for weeks or months to come. This isn’t a DayZ type affair, however. The developers estimate six months, possibly a few more, before the game is out. This isn’t some proof-of-concept or pre-alpha tech demo, after all. It has enough content to have fun with, and it won't frustrate you with game-breaking bugs.I love it already the way it is now. It doesn’t try to pretend something it’s not. What it does is wave-based shooting, and it does that already exceptionally well. I’ve rarely played an FPS that gives as much of a visceral feedback as this. It’s gun-porn, pure and simple.If you're interested in reading a more in-depth full preview, head on over to our site:http://www.pixeljudge.com/en/previews/killing-floor-2/"
76561198228677964,Not Recommended,232090,19279215,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Bubber Duck,"I actually liked this game, it was going on the right track and now it's gone to utter crap. Microtransactions have already been announced and the game isn't finished, get it together Tripwire."
,Recommended,232090,15764598,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Blaze in the Northern Sky,"-One of the best polished early access/Beta games out with content promised & no doubt delivered.-Great music for this kind of game with and without vocals.-Graphically outstanding with the best gore effects ive ever seen and solid optimization.-Very stable with little to no glitches and bugs.-Would like to know a bit more about the LORE but that will probably be more fleshed (hehe) out in the final version.-Guns and zeds sound really good although i would prefer the zeds to have some primitive vocals like in killing floor,the gore effects sound disgusting in all the right ways.-The occasional comedic relief from the characters is a nice touch.-AI is good although there is some room to improve.-Animations are spot on.-the UI in-game is quite basic, nothing too innovative and nothing to complain about.-The menu UI on the other hand is great with the classic Zeds popping up in the background.-The characters are solid with customizable cosmetics.-The selection of weapons is pretty small but will undoubtedly have additions in the future in great quantities.-Maps are good and innovative although quite claustrophobic, and more will be added in the future im sure.-Perks are solid with 4 options for now with sub-perks in 5 level intervals with 2 options each up to level 25,More perks are guaranteed in the future to up to 10 options.(http://i.imgur.com/yGGn4d3.jpg?1)-Graphical options are are plentiful with loads of options and pre-presets.-Sound options are basic with the added vocal or not music, & minimal character chatter box.-All in all its a masterpiece for an early access title 9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,232090,23457524,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,The Time of History,"Tripwire's fallen. The game lost its magic at the start of early access, now I just avoid this like the plague. In short, it's lame."
,Not Recommended,232090,19380077,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Savage,"It's now seven months after it's release into Early Access and we've had two updates. Seems lethargic by all standards, even for indie developers, but don't worry. Next up, microtransactions! Ironically, this announcement comes immediately following the backlash against Overkill Software for a nearly identical content update in their game Payday 2.Between rumors of staff cuts, poor developmental decisions and Tripwire Interactive's disasterous PR department there's not much worse that could happen to Killing Floor 2 other than outright abandonment.""We're going to do early access right"" - Tripwire Interactive"
,Not Recommended,232090,19240910,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Mitt,Tl;Dr: Adding micro transactions to an unfinished low content game. Do not purchaseThe game released 7 months ago with the promise that they were aiming to finish the game by the end of the year. Well here we are at the end of November and the amount of content added to the game is ridiculously low. Three maps and two perks added. Which while low isn't that big of a negative considering the quality of the maps has been in my opinion very high. However the big deal breaker is the addition of micro transactions in the form of crates and keys. I was able to forgive the slow content up until now knowing that the content has generally been high quality but now knowing that content addition has been slow due to the creation and implementation for micro transactions is extremely offensive.
76561197994853884,Recommended,232090,19468409,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Struggler,"Alright gotta get something off my chest. Every single complaint you hear about microtransactions is the baby rage of a pack of children, the game is in NO WAY ""half finished"" it is a complete experience with the extra content being simple guns and classes. This game is the most complete early access title on steam and a hell of a lot of fun, JUST PLAY IT AND ENJOY IT, WHO CARES IF THERE ARE COSMETICS WHY ARE YOU SO UNREASONABLY ANGRY ABOUT THIS?This game is so much fun and promises to only increase in fun, get off you're terribly high horses and stop the melodrama about TWI ""betraying"" you and just enjoy the experience.Definitely reccomend this game to everyone, grab a few friends and definitely buy it. I can now break monsters in half with a giant revolver or sprint around with a zweihander lopping off heads.Ignore every single review that makes no comment on the gameplay they are worse than useless."
,Not Recommended,232090,23600333,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,W-Magic,"Tripwire pretty much pooped the bed with a COMPLETELY unnecessary and cumbersome resistance system.  Some zeds now take 30% of the damage from your bullets, or fire, or whatever.  It is not intuitive.  Every zed has a different table of resistances, you have to memorize it to have a clue about what's going on.You're walking around with your shotgun, and you run into a zed. ""Oh, it'll take me 3 shots to kill this one.  Better hope we have someone that does halfway decent damage to it cause I'm going to run out of ammo quick.""  Except it turns out there are 6 zeds of that type, and they are swarming you, so you unload but it turns out Tripwire didn't want you to be able to kill the zeds hurting you with YOUR particular shooty bullets.I have encountered, on public servers, literally 0 people who enjoy this new system."
,Not Recommended,232090,23569960,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,YIFF ME DADDY,This game is in early access hell. The developers have completely lost sight of what made KF1 good and what would have made this game good. Content updates are so sparce and when they come majority of the time they are terrible and add very little to the game (see Zed-conomy and PvP).
76561198061554388,Not Recommended,232090,23589592,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Chowdah,"The ""major content"" updates such as new classes/weapons felt like they fell short of impressing me and lose their novelty really quickly!Any content updates are few and far between ever since this game's release in April of 2015.  Since then there's only 2 bosses to fight in survival mode.  They're both nothing special and are bullet spongey.The progression system where each class can be leveled to a maximum of 25, takes an incredible sum of time and each perk gained after every 5 levels are not very unique (ie. more dmg/reload quicker etc.).  Might I suggest going to a custom map called ""Perktraining"" if you really want to grind out experience points.I lost interest in the recent PVP mode, quickly.  If you join in midway through a game you cannot jump right in and will have to wait until the end of the round.I found that many of the original maps are flat and not very interesting.  I eventually sought custom maps, regularly.I wouldn't recommend this game unless it's heavily discounted.  I plan to try this game again at its full retail release in the Fall of 2016.Edited: Grammar & added more explainations."
,Not Recommended,232090,23568505,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Shrock,"Too many promises, too little content, and thanks to the devs; no community.Not comparable to KF1, don't buy."
,Not Recommended,232090,23577047,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,WAAAHH,"Absolutely not worth the buy. I was excited for this game before I realized they just wouldn't update it and take it anywhere. I'd expect this out of other developers maybe, but I thought Tripwire was above that. Just goes to show no company is above it."
76561198033262977,Recommended,232090,18667599,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,The Cream of the Crop,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Not Recommended,232090,22321939,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,adrianowski,"Early AccessThe game simply feels like paid testing. Tripwire has it's own version of KF2 in mind and they won't change it. You get to play the game early, but nothing more than that.ContentThe game has very little content.-some basic weapons,-half or less planned perks,-small amount of maps (there is workshop though)-2 gamemodes:a)standard survival - gets boring fastb)PvP - same as survival, but you can play as a zombie. It's VERY UNBALANCED.GameplayCurrently, both 2 gamemodes get boring pretty fast. All you do is kill some zombies, buy the same 1-2 weapons (as there are no other ones), kill some more zombies, kill boss and repeat. I tried to play more, but I just can't. If you're wondering why I have 20 hours, it's because I idled skins on solo. So now about skins...Development decisionsThe game is a mess. There's little to no content, PC version is being consolized (auto aim darts, auto turning when clot grabs you, radial menu is made with controller in mind etc), because implementing separate features for both versions would be too much work and they added skins even though the game is nowhere near complete. There are many things people ask for (like objective gamemode from KF1) yet they chose to get more money and ignore our suggestions as I said before.Do not buy.If you're KF1 player, stick to that."
,Recommended,232090,15480078,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Crowii,"==================== THIS REVIEW WAS WRITTED AND SAVED DURING THE BETA, SO PLAYERS KNOW WHAT IT                    WAS LIKE A LITTLE WHILE BEFORE FULL RELEASE==========================Great game, where do I start?Killing Floor 2 is a massive step forward from Killing Floor, with many new features and an amazing sound track!The game visually has made a much larger improvement, more gore, better looking ZEDs, better looking characters, even the amount of corpses you can see on the map can be adjusted!Keep in mind that this review is in the Beta stage, 4 days before the release on the 21/4/2015.Here are my personal thoughts, chalked up to a simple Pros and Cons list.PROS:Very fluid gameplay, never a dull moment, the action is nonestop.ZEDs have had a few little adjustments, including two new sub-types of clots. (The Slasher and the Cyst)Those tough ZEDs you hate fighting, FleshPound and Scrake? Oh, of course they've been buffed and much more of a challenge!Visuals. The game looks utterly stunning, it's always attracting me with the precious eye candy of ZED giblets flying around.Soundtrack! The soundtrack KF2 uses gets your blood pumping, and your bloodlust too, for that matter, killing hordes of mutants is always better with some hardcore music in the background.CONS:A little too much chatter from the characters. (However, this can be disabled in the menu)The loading screen can sometimes take quite a while, even for those with an SSD, however this is a 1/10 chance, I've found.Loading the game up can be a task, though this is because Steam treats the game (as of beta) as locked, and can be a pain to actually get up and running.    Note: I'm sure this will be resolved as soon as full release hits.Killing Floor 2 is as unforgiving as the original, and I would 100% recommend it to old and new players alike.For only £19.99 (Or £26.99 for the Digital Deluxe Edition), you'll find yourself emersed in hours of none-stop slaughter and fun."
76561198008556333,Not Recommended,232090,21693820,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Bellerophon,"""Early access done right"""
,Not Recommended,232090,22612193,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Silman,you know when a game is going to be a fail when they bring a delux edition out on alpha
76561197970166426,Not Recommended,232090,22845995,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Nothing.,"I like to keep things simple without making some huge blog post on a video game, so:Killing Floor 2, when you actually play the game, is quite fun and enjoyable.  The guns feel great, the environments are pretty, and the challenge and progression is entertaining.However, the enjoyment will usually only last for maybe a week or so.  You'll play, maybe grind a little bit and get to a respectable level, and then you'll find you hit a figurative wall because there is a lack of content in the game.  And while the current content is enjoyable, the amount of things that exist compared to the promises of Tripwire make it all tend to expire very quickly.  If you're familiar with the previous game in its current status, that's not a problem, because it feels like a finished game with piles of content, Killing Floor 2 doesn't.Killing Floor 2 looks enticing, and it plays great, but once you are captivated with that image enough to buy the game, you'll find there is very little to actually keep you playing the game for very long.  So, I implore everybody who sees this game and considers buying it:Don't.Do. Not. Buy. This. Game. Now.It's just not ready.Just wait, wait until Tripwire actually finished the game enough to get out of early access and hopefully have considerably more content than it does now.  If you buy this game now, you'll just be given a whole lot of undelivered promises, and graphs. I'm not kidding either, Tripwire provides us graphs on the status of their content, and they've probably given more graphs than content at this point.  Ideally, you may even want to avoid Tripwire's future products altogether if this is any indication of how they work."
,Not Recommended,232090,22846397,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Backupcavalry,"It's pretty indicative of their aptitude when they can still lose your control settings every time they do an update, which I suppose thankful happens once in a blue moon for this ""early access"" game."
,Not Recommended,232090,19241808,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Bob Dylan,Maybe Tripwire should finish their game before adding paid microtransaction DLC. Payday 2 is not meant to be a guidebook for anyone.
,Not Recommended,232090,19241150,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Beezlebob,"Its become abundantly clear that Tripwire is more concerned with milking their consumer base than actually making a game.  ""Early Access Done Right"" apparently means rarely patching longstanding gameplay issues and instead inserting more and more ways for people who already paid $30+ to spend even more on an incomplete game.In all honesty I did have fun with the game, but anyone interested in an upgraded KF1 is going to enjoy the visuals for the span of one map, get bored with the stale, broken gameplay and then wait for the next perk to be released in 2045.Should have seen this coming with the direction the DLC went with KF1.  Don't make the same mistake I did, or at least wait for the game to come out of Early Access, if that ever happens.EDIT FOR SPELLING"
,Not Recommended,232090,19239459,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Snake,"Game introduces microtransactions that are PAID before completing the core content necessary to exit early access and launch.When you have twice as many negative reviews as you have peak daily players, you know something smells really funny with your game.But Yoshiro said KF1 only picked up almost 2 years after release, so expect to have some fun times in KF2 sometime in 2018!"
,Recommended,232090,15570725,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,pawz,it's like mario party with less mario
,Not Recommended,232090,23556419,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Rollo,"I was going to write an in depth review of this game from when I started playing from Alpha (1yr+ ago) to the current state but it's just not worth it, Tripwire have proved themselves slow and incompetent and certain aspects of the game are just getting worse.The balance is god awful and Zed resistance sucks all fun from the game, the current hipfire ""improvements"" are twitchy and clunky.The Grind is just ridiculous, I've put 80 hours into the game and I have a grand total of 1 out of the 8 current perks max level. This is especially problematic when you want to play higher difficulties with friends but you are blocked by the stat grind barrier.The optimization on the newer maps is just not up to scratch with the originals and you find youself running around on 20fps in parts. No testing done by Tripwire at all, it's the Ro2 problems creeping in yet again."
76561198014740482,Not Recommended,232090,19377577,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Luna,"While KF2 has great promise, excellent gun play, awesome gameplay, it still has a few bugs that need to be worked out. It's still EA.Since the introduction of crates and keys, I can no longer in good conscious, reccomend this game to my friends. I will not support a game developer that wants to fleece its customers before a game has even been retailed. I don't support the practice of gambling in my games, nor will I ask a friend too. I give this game a negative review NOT because its a bad game, but because of horrible business ethics employed by the developers/ publishers, TWI."
,Not Recommended,232090,19240819,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Motorcycle Cop,"Instead of focusing on game content, developers release in-game hats.No thank you."
76561198021154908,Not Recommended,232090,19240717,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Falleax,"It's fun and improves upon Killing Floor 1 in almost every respect, but the lack of content updates isn't great. You would be better off playing KF1 instead, it's actually finished."
,Not Recommended,232090,19240978,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,SquidTheSid,"So, we've gotten all of ONE major content patch since this game launch on EA, we've gotten nothing but small bits of information since the last update in August (the only major one), and now, the next sizable piece of information we get is over the microtransaction system?Tripwire has royally messed up the EA launch of KF2, and at this point, I want a refund. It might be a great game when it launches, but at this point, stay far away from this game."
76561198057030734,Not Recommended,232090,26718210,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,BlazeShadefire,"Killing Floor didn't have microtransactions, why do they think kf2 needs them? First one is still amazing WITHOUT stupid crates and keys. Tripwire needs to get its head out of its♥♥♥♥♥and listen to the community and not the assinine shareholders"
76561197978369091,Not Recommended,232090,19240706,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,T/4 Dethfield [29th ID],"The game has potential, but the devs seem intent on wasting time with cosmetic items and trading. Skip this one until the devs truly finish the core game."
76561197997732752,Not Recommended,232090,24276126,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,MANdles,"Disclaimer: I really want a 'neautral' option but will be down voting cause I just think the game is too average.I LOVED KF1!Played it a lot. Over three hundred hours. All through college it was the game me and my mates would play when we should have been studying. It was great. It had open levels, encouraged teamwork, was hard as hell, but always felt fair. In a way, like Dark Souls. It beat you but you kept coming back.KF2?Its...okay. I mean, I play it but there is just something ...off.  Not as is ‘not KF1’. But as a shooter in general.  I think part of it is that the maps are not very interesting in their design and they are rather small. Some maps alleviate this by being vertical with multiple levels but overall the levels are just cramped and give you this weird feeling of being in a corridor shooter even though you can go anywhere. Imagine if Call of Duty made you play a whole campaign mission on one of its multiplayer maps.Not that you’ll really explore much of the map because it sort of becomes a tower defense game. Unlike the first game that encouraged movement, or at least holding up somewhere where you could escape (and often you would need too on the hardest difficulties) this game encourages you sit in one place (and most levels only really have on good place to defend) with your team and just shoot down hallways. Honestly, it becomes mind-numbingly repetitive because you never feel the need to haul♥♥♥♥♥cause you can take down anything.I could go on. I mean it’s a pretty game. And the sound effects and the recoil of the guns are great. But there is just something so 'meh' about this game that just follows you the entire time.  Not to mention Tripwire is micro transaction the hell out of its game. Sure, if people want to buy new outfits, that's great. But its been a year Tripwire.  The game is still in Early Access. How about you focus on -finishing- the game, fixing its known bugs and issues, and releasing it; THEN try to nickel and dime your customers to death?Overall, I'd say get the game on sale and then only get it if you have friends who want to play. It CAN be enjoyable with friends but the friends are doing the heavy lifting.  But even then, in my mind, I can't shake the feeling that there are more rewarding games we could be playing."
76561198042253853,Not Recommended,232090,23444126,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,fatass dog,the game is better than what it use to be but it still needs more content
,Not Recommended,232090,23419145,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Space Lobster,"Do not play this game. The Dev's will ban you for posting your complaints. Very reasonable ones too, like having microtransactions in an unfinished, rarely updated game. They censor people to try and look good instead it makes them look horrible.   These Dev's are very greedy. Last TripWire game I will ever buy."
,Not Recommended,232090,23589500,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Snf,"refund requestedrefund request denied even though the game isnt out yet, leave it to steam to continuously disappoint. needless to say probably the last time i buy anything in EA considering the other one was spacebase DF9 and well all know what happened to it. hopefully tripwire will come to there senses and not become another overkill but as it stands tripwire will not see another dime of my money and im going to abstaint form the steam summer sale this year since they arent willing to refund a game that isnt even freaking out yet."
,Not Recommended,232090,19300638,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,constchar*,"Killing Floor 2 itself is a good game and a faithful successor to the dated original, however I can no longer support this game now that Tripwire intends to introduce microtransactions. Right now Tripwire says the microtransactions are purely cosmetic but how can we trust them that they won't change their mind down the road (à la Payday 2)? Even if the microtransactions remain purely cosmetic I fear the game will become poluted with the non-sense that ruined Counter-Strike and Team Fortress. Furthermore these ""microtransactions"" are expected to be around $~2 which I hardly consider micro (I'd consider micro to be sub-$1). I much prefer the DLC model that the original Killing Floor had to support its continued development."
76561198047314351,Not Recommended,232090,21032012,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Puff Puff,"Early Access for a year or so, do not be like me, be smart, do not buy EA games! God dammit, another game in EA for ♥♥♥♥ing forever!"
,Not Recommended,232090,19241431,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Slice,"The game is a fraud. They took our money and stopped developing the game for continuing on other projects (they just give us ♥♥♥♥♥♥ updates every 4 months or so). NOW, they introduced♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing microtransactions!!! I want my money back. I advice you to to run away from Tripwire.The game is dead"
,Not Recommended,232090,19295425,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Brolaire: Mean bully,Well since I cant refund this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I might aswell write a review for it.The devs have added a microtransaction system to a game that has not only had unforgivably slow updates but also IS NOT FINISHED.Do not give these awful people your money.
,Not Recommended,232090,19241086,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Sentinel,Microtransactions before the game is even near completion.2 years later it's not even complete.Half the team at Tripwire left the project/studio.This game is a big fat mess.
,Not Recommended,232090,19244269,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Cap'n mouse,STOP RUINING GAMES I LIKED WITH MICROTRANSACTIONS. FFS.;_;
,Not Recommended,232090,19242255,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Demoncard,"We're getting cosmetic nonsense, but the game still isn't worth the dosh I paid for it because it isn't anywhere near finished.Finish the game first, and add cosmetic junk later."
76561198057863855,Recommended,232090,17937354,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,FriedChickenBob,"You're sitting in a dark cavern, with 5 other people you don't know. You're all armed to the teeth, and suddenly a few zeds start to pop out, from the walls or from other parts of the cavern. You pop them off no problem. Suddenly, more start to arrive, and there's some variation in them too. Some of them are big and spit acid at you, some will scream at you, some are invisible, ect. You are your companions hold off in the center, and get into a good defensive position where if everybody does their job right, no zed should ever walk inside the square and flank anybody. Right?There is heavy metal playing, and it really sets the tone for zed-killing. You're getting pumped, but start to wonder where the action is? As long as you hold formation and nobody leaves, none of you will ever get damaged. Suddenly, the music stops and you hear a roar from the distance. More zeds start pouring out, and they get a little bit closer but not close enough to hit you. A massive zed with yellow arms comes around the corner, and you start to take shots at him. He turns red, and charges right through your formation. He starts wailing on one of your companions, and brings her down to 1/4 hp before the medic arrives to save her. The big zed is then met by your berserker (melee class), and you see a tiny man with a katana dueling it out with a huge zombie the size of a truck.Everybody is surrounding the big zed, trying to bring him down. During all this commotion, you forgot about the little ones. They grab you and your friends from behind and crawlers start to pour out of the ceiling. Your fire bug (pyro class) tries to clear out the massive horde, but it's a desperate attempt at best. Some moron shoots out the lights, and now you're in a deep dark cavern, surrounded by zeds and no idea where your allies are at. You're shooting by the light of your friends flashlight, trying to hit whatever you can to stop the slaughter.The big one goes down, and the berserker is left at 2hp but the medic is taking care of that. Less and less zeds start to pour through, and you know that you've won this round, but you still have 2 more to go...This is a completely accurate description of most of my games. Killing Floor 2 is an intense zed shooting game where you earn money by killing zeds, which you then use to buy guns which you use to kill more zeds. You survive 4/7/10 rounds of zed killings, and you win. Simple. The controls are great, and there's enough content even in early access to keep me entertained. The soundtrack is amazing and really adds to the game. The only thing I would improve is the content of the game (more classes, more types of zeds, more maps) but I am more than positive there will be more by the time the full game is released. 10/10 game, I highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,232090,19291069,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,mishi,lets add microtransactions instead of content
,Not Recommended,232090,19240985,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Chickensalad,It's not even released yetContent is coming super slowThe grind makes playing new classses boring for the first few hoursStill only one poorly balanced bossMICROTRANSACTOINSWhat a cheap product
,Not Recommended,232090,23144643,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Synthalisk,Microtransactions in early access. Unbalanced gameplay. Severe lack of content after a year for an early access. Dead before full release.
76561197994671795,Not Recommended,232090,23318564,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Dgate6117,Just add new perks and maps. This game can be out of alpha in a month if the devs stopped working on stupid features.
76561198008808806,Not Recommended,232090,23564449,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Duck von Bartlesby,We were promised a full release by now. Over a year in and we don't even have all of the perks.
76561198013418743,Not Recommended,232090,23608937,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,PUNISHER,last game I'll ever pre-purchase!
,Not Recommended,232090,23578168,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,distrade,"Literally the worst game ever made, Tripwire Interactive put microtransactions in this game just so they could make money, but no one is gonna buy this piece of crap. -10/10 game, won't spend money on another Tripwire Interactive game ever again, worst company ever besides Walmart, but that's another story."
76561198108035147,Not Recommended,232090,23577297,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Captain Kyoryu,"The game is fun and beautifully gorey. However, in its state now, it isn't worth the $30 they charge us. Devs have been updating all the wrong things and updates come every blue moon. Should you buy? In my opinion, not yet, and if things keep up like this, not at all."
,Recommended,232090,33174383,Posted: 3 July,all,Nec,"After playing around 200 hours of this game I think it's time I write a review on it. Just keep in mind I am not comparing this to the first title. If you are into co-op wave based zombie survival games then this is a title you should give a shot. As much as I love this game, I would like to be as fair as possible on it. Here are my opinion based pros and cons.Pros:Good graphics,Good soundtrack,Custom community maps,Good balance & variety with most classes and weapons,Solid mechanics for the most part,Good variety and balance in NPC foes (also known as Zed),Difficulty adjusts with more players,So far no paid DLCs,Simple achievements,Neutral:Only 2 bosses,Cosmetic only micro transactions.Cons:Base maps get boring quick,Grinding classes can take a lot of time(because of the number of classes),Maximum waves capped at 10,A few under powered/useless weapons.For the most part this game is solid and is a ton of fun for the right person but in the end it's a game you're either gonna love or hate. I say this because I tried getting a few friends into it and they either ditched instantly or loved it and played it a ton. The one thing I would love to see is an endless wave mode sorta like nazi zombies but not as poorly done but thats just a personal wish.if you're still not sure pick it up on sale and if you don't like it then there is always a refund option. Happy Zed hunting."
,Not Recommended,232090,19241262,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Encina[LinkinPark],http://killingfloor2.com/Zedconomy/Group NO MICROTRANSATIONS!http://steamcommunity.com/groups/TWINOMICROTRANSACTIONS
,Recommended,232090,15784088,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Kesayangan Kuu,"This is an Early Access review, so this review will not apply to later updates. I will do my best to update this review as it gets launched or when it gets updated.Right, so where do I start? Initially, when I heard that this game got released in Steam as an Early Access game, immediately I decided not to touch it at all. The swarm of crappy, nonsensical tats that have been released in Early Access have embossed its first impressions in my mind as a section that no casual gamer would want to step foot in ever. As presented by many reviewers who have done their best to expose Early Access to their viewers like TotalBiscuit and Jim ♥♥♥♥ing Sterling Son (I had to say that), Early Access had been labeled to these reviewers as what they are. Games that are in an incomplete state and should only be bought by those who want to support the development as it goes on. Unless you are enthusiastic about the game, no casual buyer should purchase Early Access games.And then, Killing Floor 2 got released in Early Access. (And there was much relenting...)I saved my money to buy fault milestone emoticons but when reviews after interviews with my friends who purchased this game educated me about what this game is, I decided that the emoticons I want to buy can give itself a flying toss into Grand Canyon for all I care. And so I purchased Killing Floor 2, with full awareness that this game is in an incomplete state, which as far as I'm concern, I do not encourage myself to buy.And I enjoyed it to my heart's content.Alright, let's get this straight. This game is in fact incomplete. There are many things missing and features that aren't in the game yet. For one thing, from the date that this review is published, there are missing weapons, some minor bugs and just a handful of maps that you can only play over and over for so long before you drop onto your desk, with your saliva escaping your mouth like a stroke patient. But nevertheless, the game, in its current state, is enjoyable and almost feature-complete. You can even lie to yourself that this game is feature-complete and you will fall for it. (But, really, let's not do that)We'll start off with the gameplay aspects. Right from the get-go, this game is somewhat different than its predecessor, Killing Floor. And yet, despite all that, it feels quite similar. There are weapons from Killing Floor that made it in here, like the Beretta M9, the L85A2, the SCAR-H, the Mossberg Pump Action, lots and lots of old weapons can be found in Killing Floor 2. And yes, the previous zeds you kept fragging in Killing Floor makes it here as well. The perks are also identical to the one in Killing Floor. However, one thing about the gameplay is that the zeds now have more animations and furthermore, their AI isn't donkey-♥♥♥♥ stupid compared to Killing Floor. Even in the easier difficulties, the zeds are more likely to swarm you in every direction and once you do, you only can pray that you have a double-barrelled shotgun stuck somewhere up your♥♥♥♥♥♥so you can mow them down and escape. And if you don't, well... see you in Hell. As if the zeds aren't hell enough. But if you do make it pass through all the waves, you are greeted with a sight of a new boss, to which surprise surprise, it's not the Patriarch. I did hope that the Patriarch makes a comeback to the sequel but instead, we have this new boss that is far more deadlier, with claws that could pass off as fingernails, weapons that involves a minigun and several explosives which will punish you if you don't evade them properly, as well as the ability to go to you and suck your health while leaving you incapacitated for a short while while he promptly regenerates his health back.tl;dbtr: It's like Killing Floor, but better.As for the graphics, well it's no surprise that it's amped up quite nicely and let's face it. They jumped from the Unreal 2004 engine to the Unreal 3 engine. If there is no aesthetical changes to the graphics, the world would be very surprised. To allow you to witness the graphics in all of its glory, the menu shows you a bunch of zeds in close up, staring with their wide-opened eyes and demented look which sort of feels like they're staring at a painting published by Salvador Dali (I wouldn't blame them. I do that too when I look at his paintings). The Unreal 3 Engine that the game uses also allows the game to look more polished and shiny, allowing for a more graphical edge which was what Killing Floor needed and I'm quite glad that Killing Floor 2 got that right, along with the other things Killing Floor 2 got right so far. You now have a myriad of customizations in the graphical setting which Killing Floor doesn't offer and it allows to witness the awesomeness of the game while feeling like you're just playing Killing Floor with better graphics.tl;dbtr: It looks like Killing Floor, but better.I can hardly find any cons in this game due to how great the gameplay is. Well... maybe there are a few. The weapons are really lacking. You have an arsenal of weapons to choose from, but despite all that, there are a lot of weapons that didn't make it in there. The Barrett .50 Cal, the LAW and the all-time favorite chainsaw that was featured in Killing Floor didn't make it in Killing Floor 2 yet, which leaves my heart slightly broken. And furthermore, the lack of maps only makes this game as playable as Half-Life. It's a great game, but repeating it every so often only makes it bland as the time goes by.Overall, I think that this game warrants a purchase as far as I'm concerned. It's a great game at this point and it is enjoyable to play by yourself and it is even more enjoyable when you take it to multiplayer. Due to the missing features and content, you might be put off into buying Killing Floor 2, but compared to the other sad excuses of Early Access games, this Early Access game deserves your money than the rest.Alternatively, you can choose to play a more feature-complete game of the first Killing Floor. It's not going to be as pleasing as playing Killing Floor 2, but hey. At least it's a complete game. Meanwhile, I'll just sit here and kill some zeds with my dual-barrelled shotgun that reminds me of when I once fired a Blunderbuss against a watermelon, except this watermelon comes in packs and wants to maul me to death."
,Not Recommended,232090,23593123,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Topsi,poop
76561198073323379,Not Recommended,232090,23544445,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Marco Bot,"Used to be quite interesting when I first join the early access, but the following changes and updates kinda ruin the fun and there are still some annoying bugs not fixed.If you would like to purchase this game , I suggest you wait until the officially release and then decide."
76561197984288559,Not Recommended,232090,22635394,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Shoulda_Wore_A_Belt,ummmmm early access done right. finishing the game done wrong.
76561198017126976,Not Recommended,232090,23604097,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,BUDUDUBDUBDUBS,"There are already a billion negative reviews listing♥♥♥♥♥♥about how dumb and slow TW is with everything, but let me just emphasize that this zed resistance crap absolutely ruins the game. Zerk, demo, support, and firebug are now complete dead weight, and gunslingers got hit as well. I didn't really care about how slow the updates were but I uninstalled this game after this resistance update went live and I will more than likely never look back because even if they do fix it, it probably won't be until like next year."
76561198045454441,Not Recommended,232090,21736834,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,al is gangster,The only game I regret purchasing. I literally feel robbed.
,Not Recommended,232090,20615776,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Puckwudgee,"A lot like the first one. Except terrible.Obviously constantly picking up creeps and spawning them elsewhere (if you don't want people to notice, don't do it with slow stumbly guys like the clots... pretty obvious when they go from not even in sight to having crossed a huge chunk of open space in 1.5 seconds). Crashes far more often than it should. Load times are long enough to make a grilled cheese. Classes largely pigeon-hole the play style so there's no creativity. Some of them also not really viable at low levels, which means the only way to level them is to grind on Normal for ~20 Long (10 round) games. Other classes can easily be set up to be nearly unkillable. Glitches in several of the baddies, including scrakes, make them easy to solo even on the upper difficulties with the starting 9mm if you have the time - you can essentially keep them from ever hitting you, if you invest a few minutes of practice in solo mode.So, basically... glitchy for sure, ranges from frustrating that they took so many shortcuts to boring that there's no real challenge or intensity there."
,Not Recommended,232090,19395704,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Empress Misery,"The game's development isn't exactly progressing in an encouraging direction. It's basically an Early access title with 1 proper content patch in 8 months. It's a game with a few small maps and a few inbalanced perks to grind right now.Even though there's been this huge void of content, the developer decided the next addon instead of finishing the game should be microtransactions and an ingame store. You know because finishing the game and completing it or giving people something for funding their development should be a secondary step over monetization schemes reselling content made by other people.So you're left with a fairly expensive game for a few small maps and a few badly done perks and weapons. It works fine graphically, but there's a few issues with online lag and the beserker's parrying being a bit random. There's also a few silly balance issues with perkdecks and other such things as the developer seems like they don't know how to balance anything. Of course these issues will probably be ignored now that the developer wishes to focus on monetization over giving this enough content to be a full game.Really at the moment there's very little to do but play the same few maps over and over and grind perks. The rest is just hollow promises that haven't yet materialized. It seems they are relying on modders to provide the actual content, but this hasn't exactly happened. I'd probably have much more playtime if there was more ""gameplay"" to be had right now. Of course now they expect the new gameplay to be grinding the same tiny samey maps for ""free"" microtransaction junk. Exciting.It looks fairly nice I suppose, but it's a bit clean. Not really gritty or dark rather than comic and a bit silly. Kind of like a childish gore sim than something gritty and ""realistic"".The classes are a bit imbalanced, to put in nicely, with some just clearly better than the others and some perk deck skills just kind of useless. The bosses aren't very well thought out for all classes and really theres not much reason being anything but 1 or 2 when facing them.Maybe if the developers start being less lazy, produce more content and focus more on finishing the game than adding ways to make money while they sleep this review will improve. But really this game is really minimal and utterly lacking in content and substance compared to the first game.To be honest, compared to the first game it's kind of a continuation from when they started adding golden weapon skins instead of content (other than a few maps from mods) not a direct improvement. If you care about graphics over gameplay then i'm sure this is a clear improvement, but really it's just empty right now.Them not really moving towards make a better game, just making money makes this unappealing to play currently. Maybe they will wake up, remove this gross junk and actually work towards making it a full and complete exprience. Maybe not, I guess we'll have to wait and see, but it's not something i'd recommend getting on right now.Also developers, don't advertize ""FREE CONTENT PACK"" for an unfinished early access game. That's just stupid. Though it kind of draws attention to how actually releasing some content is a big event :pOh and adding in old junk with the same boring maps isn't really helping. This game is in no way worth it's buying price, especially when they add free to play microtransactions in."
76561198067851126,Not Recommended,232090,19244228,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Dread Baron Beardly,"This game already wasn't as good as KF1 which I played the crap out of but I was willing to give it the benifit of the doubt because all of the content was not in the game yet. BUT now microtransactions announced before even getting the initial content all in the game? I paid for a full game and this is not a full game yet... but you will charge me for items in microtransactions?Bah! The overkill business model. I hope this hits you where it hurts tripwire... in the wallet. I thought you were better than this.*UPDATE SINCE RELEASE*I was really upset with TW for a lot of reasons during the early access process, particularly with the microtransactions. On release.. it is ok. Still no KF1 but there is hope shown that they will get there over the years as they did with KF1.Recommending this as a buy in probably in the long run. Worth it now I think but probably not for everyone.A few detailed notes:- The new level asthetics are quite nice but I miss a lot of the old maps. New maps seem smaller and less open. This should all be resolved down the road when custom maps become a normal thing.- Weapons I find largely dissapointing in this game. Hopefully that will improve.- Bosses are hard. Much harder than first game. That can be good or bad depending on howyou look at it.- Zerker is different than KF1. I loved KF1 zerker... others hated it. People love KF2 zerker... I can't get into it.- The microtransactions aren't bad. It actually gives you a chance at cosmetic rewards straight up at no cost. I am tired of getting crates and USBs I will never open though.- No listen servers so if you want to play private with friends all of the time like I do, you will want to set up your own server.- Public players I have played with are pretty nice for the most part but I have also seen many hackers and cheaters."
,Not Recommended,232090,19242075,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Benofdoom,"This review might say early access, but they added micro-transactions to the game.  There is no world in which micro-transactions should be added to an unfinished game.  They should be working on finishing the game before adding things like this.  I would be less than thrilled either way, but at least finish the game before doing this."
,Not Recommended,232090,19241291,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Panda6100,"MICROTRANSATIONS, ♥♥♥♥ YOU TRIPWIRE."
76561197991374166,Not Recommended,232090,19241304,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Lucky_Star_Fan,"Six months since EA launch.  One major patch and a handfull of small additions.  There are indie devs who put out many times this much progress on a fragment of the budget.  Now there are microtransactions before promised game content is added.  I will never buy another Tripwire game.  Any goodwill built by KF1 and RO1 has been frittered away by the sequels.  A good company gone bad, driven by greed.  Bail out now, stay away from Tripwire.  Sadly Valve did not allow me to refund this title even though most of my time in game was spent fruitlessly searching for non-existent servers on the day the game was released.  You have been warned."
,Not Recommended,232090,19240777,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Grizz,"27 August 2016 update:While I still profoundly dislike microtransactions, especially in a early access game, I gave the game another shot and it seems that Tripwire is finally picking up the pace and actually develops the game by adding new modes, perks and maps.I haven't gotten into the versus mode just yet, but it sounds like a nice feature, which should add replayability. To what extent remains to be seen.KF2 still doesn't have better gameplay than Killing Floor 1, perhaps it will never will. But it's taken enough steps in the right direction to make me change my mind about the game. I just hope they don't stop here.The full price, 27€, that I paid for the ""Deluxe"" edition still seems too much for what the game has to offer at the moment, but I'd say it's worth buying the regular version of KF2 during sales if you can get for 10€ or under.On a side note, if you hate the business model that most gaming companies seem to be adopting, excessive DLCs, microtransactions, season passes that don't have all the story DLCs et cetera, you might want to check out this Steam group:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/TWINOMICROTRANSACTIONSI doubt that it's going to achieve its goal, but it's a noble effort nonetheless.Original review below:Microtransactions announced.Do not buy. Play Killing Floor 1 instead.It's still in early access and they prioritize microtransactionsover adding actual content like the Gunslinger perk or more maps or more game modes?Even if it's just for cosmetic items, it's still a money grab. Paying full price for a game should mean that you get a full game. DLC are bad too, but at least DLCs go on sale. Keys and crates will likely not be on a sale.Source:http://killingfloor2.com/Zedconomy/"
,Not Recommended,232090,23629649,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Zezima,congrats tripwire u ruined your game
,Recommended,232090,15621535,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,ValentinBk,A review of the gore effects in Killing Floor 2. Verdict - goryoushttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulHT3Kg9bB4
,Not Recommended,232090,24142517,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Calm Max,"Killing Floor 2 started off as a much loved and potentially amazing game, but even the most fervent fanbase can only take so much abuse.I've had KF2 pretty much since it was released on early access. This game was supposed to be the game that ""did early access right"". And I know, obviously in retrospect, this is completely untrue, but there were very few red flags that presented themselves in the beginning of the development cycle, and the game was fun! I mean, it was real fun. My friends and I all had a great time blasting zombies (or 'zeds', as they're called in this game), and it was great, although it got a bit stale after a while.""But that's okay!"" I told my friends. ""More classes, guns, and maps will be added shortly! After all, the full game will be released November 2015!""Or so we'd thought. But that gives you some perspective on how stretched out this development has gotten. It is now July 2016 as of writing this.And I know. Developing a game is not easy. I code things myself, and it's not easy. But the delays aren't the only issue.Besides extremely long gaps (and I'm talking 2-3+ MONTH long gaps of SILENCE) between updates, the other bad thing TWI did was offer almost no communication at all for their player-base, outside of vague, ""we promise it's coming soon(tm)!"" updates. Not only did they not communicate with the player-base, they also refused to listen to what the players (the people funding this game) wanted. Instead of a new perk, we got crates a la CS:GO for weapon skins, which would have been fine if they had just talked to the community a little more! Told us what was coming! Instead they only revealed new content through press releases to the press (like GameSpot), leaving the players confused and frustrated because, again, we were the ones giving them money and backing this project. Why would they not just let us know directly what was coming?Finally, the gameplay. The game plays well for the most part. Which is cool. But it lacks content, so it gets stale after a while to everyone but the most diehard fans of the game.  Another lame thing is that TWI (the developers) constantly release new balance patches without any communication to the players, and when the players don't like them, TWI gives nothing but silence in return (except for the most egregious changes). As of now, there are many widely disliked changes that have been implemented that TWI still refuses to change.The thing is, it's 2016. Developers can no longer go the ""Valve route"", which means be completely silent on future content (think Half Life 3), and somehow still have people worshipping them. At best, it's disrespectful to the player-base, because they were promised this when they bought into the episodic game series. At worst, well, your target audience gives up on development and writes bad reviews on the game's Steam page.Perhaps this game will be good in the future. Mechanically, it's decent now. But since this is an early access game, you're probably purchasing this with the question, ""is it worth getting this game in the state it's in, and what is the road map for future development looking like?""The answer to the first question is - No, it's not worth getting at the moment.Second answer is - No one knows, and that's why it's not worth getting at the moment.Hope this helped."
,Not Recommended,232090,22266387,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Ariadne,"This is a review coming from an avid KF1 fan.  I loved KF1 so much that my friends and I bought KF2 the first chance we got.  The hype was real and we were so excited.  Unfortunately KF2 did NOT deliver.  Everything I loved from KF1 was missing in KF2.  Here I list my comparisons between two games:First, with KF1 you can reach max levels on all perks at around 400-600 hours mark.  With over 1800 hours gameplay on KF1, I continued to play KF1 simple for its replayability.  Having max levels doesn't necessarily ensure a win and strategy most often comes into play especially on higher difficulties.  Certain perks play certain roles and certain zeds need to be killed by certain perks for efficiency and minimal losses.  With KF2, I find that perk roles are more blurred and that almost any perk can kill any zed.  Any perk can also heal from a distance.  KF2 feels less strategical and more about luck - relying that you don't meet some unfortunate spawns in front of you as your run around the map.  The fact that doors don't respawn each wave almost entirely eliminates the ability to camp at the same spot (but the green welding effects look nice though).  Some people may disagree but that's fine.  This is my opinion.  I love that in KF1, you are able to hold camp spots till wave 10 and strategically eliminate threats like scrakes from wave 5+ and fleshpounds from wave 7+.  Whereas in KF2, I see most people running around - it feels like every map is KF-Farm.Second, KF1 trader really gives the players the apocalyptic feel.  You see the trader is just like any other human trying to survive and make enough money to survive the apocalypse.  While on KF2, you are met by a computer trader in place of KF1's human trader.  If it was a digital trader, why would you still need to ""find"" the trader after each wave?  With technology, you should be able to access any digital interface anywhere - ANYTIME.  Why would you need to wait every end of the wave to access the digital trader?  I understand that the human trader needs to ""close the shop and find a safe shelter"" while the wave is ongoing but ""shutting down"" a digital trader will not save it from getting sawed off by a scrake.  Besides, many games have already implemented digital ""shops"" into their game.  Having a digital trader is another reason why KF2 is less special compared to KF1.Third, KF2 leveling feels so much faster than KF1.  Now this is purely subjective as some people hate the grind.  But watching someone go from level 0 to 25 in a few days wasn't something possible in KF1 unless you play on custom maps.  But personally I liked KF1 leveling much better as it really forces the players to learn to play the perk before being awarded max level.  By the time you are legitimately level 6, you would've experimented with all the guns and know which ones you prefer to use.  You can definitely tell which player speed leveled their perks by the way they play, use their guns/dosh and how they keep themselves alive.Fourth, spawning with guns on low level perks is outrageous.  What made KF1 so satisfying is the reward that you get to spawn with a weapon or armor at level 5-6.  Spawning with weapons other than the default pistol and knife at low level perks is like starting a sandbox game or mmorpg and being given free midgame to endgame tier items.  The essence of being a newbie is gone.  The challenge and thrill of climbing your way up is gone.  You no longer start from scratch.  On top of this, when you die you don't restart with 100-200 dosh.  You respawn with 1000+ dosh, which typically is enough for you to buy 80% of your items back - or more if you happen to drop all your guns.  So in reality, you don't get punished as much for dying and players don't feel the importance of not dying as strongly as in KF1.  In KF1, once you die, you must face the consequence of losing a portion of your current dosh (and not spawn with more dosh) and lose your guns.  This is why teams in KF1 do their best to keep everyone alive.  This is one of the reasons why KF2 has turned into a boring FPS game IMO.  Oh yeah, did I forget to mention that weapons are scrambled into different perks?  Machete is a support weapon and vlad is a zerk's and katana isn't belonging to any perk. Hmm.Finally, the addition of a slasher is more frustrating THAN challenging.  If you are running away from a horde of zeds, you wouldn't want a zed to forcefully turn you around.  One slasher is not much of a nuisance but when there is a slasher in front of you and behind you, they just keep turning you around back and forth that you can't even shoot them without losing a good number of ammo.  This aspect of the game makes me so dizzy and makes me hate the way KF2 turned out to be.  Also the siren on KF1 is much better than the one on KF2.TLDR: Overall, KF2 had too much hype but it was a disappointing sequel to KF1 in my opinion.  The graphics upgrade is not exceptional - I personally don't mind if they kept KF1 graphics.  SC and FP on KF1 looked way better than the ones on KF2.  The characters also don't look impressive at all - so do other cosmetic items.  The impersonal trader is also not impressive.  There is no post-apocalyptic feel to any of these maps.  This game is just like L4D2, running around killing zombies yet never reaching safezone unless you kill them all.  You don't feel like a team on an extermination mission.  It is less strategic than KF1 and lots of running.  Very boring to play - I can't even get past 50 hours.  Quick to level, you get spoiled with guns right from when you start your KF2 career.  KF1 didn't need a sequel anyway.  It was still an amazing game even when KF2 came out.  After trying KF2, I found myself returning back to KF1.  If this was a YouTube channel, this is the point where I hit unsubscribe.FYI, some positive observations I've seen on KF2:-nice welding effects-more perks to choose from-addition of perk benefits tree is a brilliant idea-ability to choose levels of gore"
,Not Recommended,232090,19296854,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,♒ Shadow Bearer {Keezy},"It's reall not that fun. Now they're gonna add paid micro-transactions to a game that isnt even finished yet. Oh, and its not that fun. I log in because the music is cool, i play 2 rounds out of 10 online, and end up just closing the game out before im finished with the level. I regret buying this game. If i never bought it, i wouldn't have known i wouldn't have liked it, so its really a catch 22."
,Not Recommended,232090,19241788,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,mrdelish,Adding microtransactions before the game is complete? That's a paddlin'
,Not Recommended,232090,19242403,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,_Riot,Devs added microtransactions before even adding playable classes.  Got a refund almost immediately.
,Not Recommended,232090,19241003,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Eternal川普,"Microtransaction in a paid unfinished game? KF2 just collapsed in on itself.Basic gameplay is hella fun with fantastic gunplay and animationDont get this game until they fully delivered all the promised perks instead of spending development resource on ZEDconomy cashshop cosmetic.I dont mind cosmetic in a complete game. They havnt even finish all the promise perks and now theyre working on cosmetics instead.Its like asking for taxes before you win the presidential election AND after you collected money from them to fund your own electionAgain, KF2 is a really fun game, but don't buy this in Early Access. Wait until Tripwire deliver all the perks they promised in the base game on full release."
76561198032670865,Not Recommended,232090,23689233,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Sauer the Kraut,"The devs take ages to update, give journalists (who suck ast the game) the updatesd first instead of EA buyers, treat the updates like god himself is giving out free DLC and implementstudd no one asks for.And some of the stuff they implement, like resistances, raise the´question if they even play their own game.And they teamed up with Oculus..."
76561198013460002,Not Recommended,232090,19267380,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,The Cupcake KING,Mircrotransactions before the game is even done? No thanks.
,Not Recommended,232090,23589688,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Dehumanize,"Latest updates horribly implemented resistances turned this decent game into borderlands, apparently they thought people wanted an RPG shooter with bulletsponge enemies and paper bullets."
76561197976447344,Not Recommended,232090,23561034,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,qBernie_GER,"Killing Floor 1 was my all-time-favorite. Killing Floor 2 was promising - looking great, same concept as Killing Floor 1, pure fun. Then we got this ""great"" update with the new sharpshooter-perk and some ""balancing"". Meaning more zeds, faster zeds, tougher zeds, running out of ammo constantly and getting overrun and killed. Single player fun is completely gone for me. And the sharpshooter-perk is just unbearable. Sorry. This game is quite sh*tty at the moment. Fix this!"
,Not Recommended,232090,23356697,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Oveneise,Wait until further development. Not enough content here for it to be worth it.
,Not Recommended,232090,23147941,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,pauge,Old kf1 was better :(
,Not Recommended,232090,23541660,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,krellator,I just don't understand this company.
,Not Recommended,232090,23446652,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,passionofthesunshineandthemoonof,"When I first played and supported it I would have recommended this great game. But with the overall choices done to the sequel of such a great game I just in good conscience cannot recommend it in its now current state. Its moving way too slow...The game is still an Early Access unstable mess and loss of priority. Even though their original intentions for the game were pure with ""Early Access Done Right."" has shown all evidence recently that this is not true anymore. The game still is incomplete, bare bones, glitchy and almost Hell on Earth unplayable mess with Zed Teleportation, Unbalanced Perks and a small roster of Official maps after being out over a year of its development. Also the game is already over 6 months beyond its finished release, putting it behind schedule. Another issue is that they have been cracking down on people's opinions and feedbacks on the Early Access game creating bans, moderatings and locking discussions from public eye on anything about their beloved Mts system. A big concern no matter how you look at it is the Key'n'Crate Gambling Crate System. This MTs system is junk, and expensive when it is 2.49 a shot and all by random dupes and overpriced saturated market prices when a DLC or a Digital Store would have sufficed all of this issue, but they refuse to change it. The game also suffers from long grueling 5-6+ months in between updates to add new content to the game, but they never slow down on skins and crates, that is for sure. Making junk cosmetic items and content very cheap, and the good unique customizations over the price of the actual game. And just downright giving the community right winged answers.It is really sad.As a longtime fan which chose to support your first Early Access endeavor, I have to say I am extremely disappointed in your lack of transparency with your fan base. I was excited to witness and provide feedback in the development of ""Killing Floor 2"" and was happy to contribute economically, given your previous track record of a solid title lineup and reasonable business practices. However, I was blindsided by your decision to include a complex microtransaction system 7 - 8 months into Early Access while failing to disclose your clearly long held intentions to incorporate this Zedconomy into the game.I exhort you to reconsider your business and monetization approach to a more open, honest endeavor where a healthy relationship of mutual respect with your fanbse can be achieved. I really wanted to enjoy your game and had high hopes for the successor of KF1, but the addition of a key crate microeconomy is an unacceptable practice in a game at this price point. Even though DLC style microtransactions would be expected and understood, given KF2's success with this model, the current/planned model is ridiculous due to its insistence on restricting the player to utilize the key crate RNG microeconomy on one hand or the inflationary Steam Market on the other. This is unacceptable, especially when you take into account that there is already an in-game store in place. Please reconsider the Zeconomy, I cannot in good conscience support or recommend your titles anymore until you fix this broken system and address these issues with your fanbase."
,Not Recommended,232090,23524848,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Retro,Oh look it's nothing!
,Recommended,232090,18245821,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,SkyyNet,Was playing as zerk on biotics labsKilled a bloat and zed time activated immediately afterCommando extended the zed time by 5 seconds and all i could see for those 5 seconds was the butt of the dead bloat covering all of my screen.11/10
76561198032727666,Not Recommended,232090,19243645,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,BudgieBeats,When I bought this game I had hoped for semi consistent content updates. not only has this not happened but now they are adding an ingame microtransaction store for cosmetic items. This is a very bad foreshadowing of whats to come.
,Not Recommended,232090,23128000,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,NeutronStar,"Tripwire, this is no longer Killing floor. I've never seen a good thing flop so hard.The guys at TW should might as well put these graphics and skins on to the KF1 mechanics of gameplay and character interactions. That is probably the only way to save this sinking ship."
76561198075249328,Not Recommended,232090,23276212,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Point Blank Lexicon,"When negative reviews begin to surface from players with over 300, 400, and even 500 hours in a game, you know it's time to listen up. The community wants change. End the censorship."
76561198012474009,Not Recommended,232090,22386830,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,One Tasty Piece of Bitch,"A rather great revamp of the original Killing Floor, but the unscrupulous behavior of the devs can cause some hesitation toward the future of this title.With only the choice between ""Thumbs Up"" and ""Thumbs Down"", I must very reluctantly give this game a ""No"" IN ITS CURRENT STATE.PROS:+ The guns are among the best of any game out there. They feel great. They have excellent impact. Their models are spot-on. Their animations are very appealing. Their sounds are on point for the most part. Bullet velocity is unrealistically slow, but that's only apparent in ZED time.+ The game looks absolutely gorgeous. The lighting and fine detail on the maps are top-notch.+ Characters are not particularly memorable beyond the old favorites, but they all have many cosmetic options and excellently peformed voices. ZEDs as well are appropriately frightening and discusting with well-mixed grunts, screams, and voice lines.+ The gore system is excellent. Even hard-to-kill ZEDs give nice visual feedback. Guns rip appart enemies in responsive ways. Low-cal bullets chip away at a ZED's face to reveal its skull and brain as it's still walking. Bladed weapons split a ZED down the middle to reveal its full anatomy. Gorey soup goes flying when a ZED is hit by an explosive, etc.+ Soundtrack is not original, but well-compiled nonetheless. Hard and fast metal with a few electronic tracks that remain interesting for a while.+ Action is faster and more intense than Killing Floor 1. Camping one spot and one doorway has been replaced with faster humans, faster ZEDs, different spawn patterns, and areas that become less viable (lights/doorways get destroyed) to hold out in over time.+ Skills are much more well accounted for than in KF1. Progression takes a bit of investment but is not a never-ending grind like in the first game. Perk trees offer one of two interchangeable skills (that can be changed any round) for each 5 of the 25 levels in a tree. It's a simple-yet-complex system that gives most classes some good choice and variety, plus flat-out buffs each level increased.+ Steam Workshop support. A good distribution of maps, cosmetics ideas, weapon propositions, and other neat game tweaks. There are many servers that run custom maps that can keep the gameloop fresh.+ Well optimized. Lots of options to tweak for solid performance.NEUTRAL:+- While maps are much more gorgeous and more detailed, they are also noticeably smaller than anything you'll find in KF1. While this serves to keep the team together, it's a shame there don't seem to be many vast landscapes to explore, and some maps get very samey.+- Microtransactions. I detest the principle of this move (I will explain that in the cons) more than the MTs themselves. It's very similar to the TF2 crate system with the Steam Market tie-in. The crates contain player cosmetics and weapon skins. While many of these skins are nothing short of cancerous, at least they are not game-affecting.CONS:- ""ZED Time"", this game's ""Bullet Time"". I didn't like this system in KF1 either. Semi-randomly, a few times a round for a few seconds, time is slowed down and the world goes to shades of only black, white, and red. While visually neat, it's mostly an aggravation. Bullets move stupidly slow, making you have to do a lot of unnnecessary leading of targets. Many classes do not benefit from the extra percision. While an auto-rifle-wielding Commando or a percision-based Sharpshooter might enjoy ZED time, the AOE Firebug/Demo, close range shotgunning Support Specialist, non-percision-based Bezerker, or the reload-intensive Gunslinger benefit very little from this frequent occurrence.- The devs. ""Early Access done right"", they promised. The basic elements of the game have not arrived after over a year. Each class only has four weapons (1-3 of which you'll probably be using), there are only 7/10 classes in the game, and a small handful of maps. The devs claim they want player feedback, but instead of finishing the content the game was sold on, they allocate their resources towards a poorly balanced ZEDs vs Humans mode that no one asked for. Did I mention they're working on a PS3 version of an unfinished game?In addition, microtransactions have been added midway through Early Access for a game that not only has a purchase price, but has future plans of paid DLC. Add the fact that they refer to updates as ""free content packs"", and you know Tripwire has been touched by the modern games industry in the wrong way.This is not Overkill Studios level of abuse, so I will continue to the play the game, but very cautiously.- Versus Survival. The game was not originally designed around this the way Left 4 Dead was. As an afterthought, it is currently very imbalanced and unfun. Playing as ZEDs often results in instant slaughter. Their moves largely consist of mindlessly spamming mouse 1 to smack players with futility. Players are treated to new ZED attacks that consist of biological landmines and kamikaze attacks that make only the real challenge trying to wipe a bunch of annoying decals from your screen.The mode is still in its infancy, but considering it's good enough for Tripwire to ship out, it's good enough to be critqued.- Class balance is quite out-of-whack. Classes like Demo have very few effective options low-to-mid level and can't hold their own too well. Classes like Medic seem blatantly overpowered in their seemingly infinite survivability and viability in all situations. One Medic seems good enough to wreck an entire game of Versus Survival for the ZEDs.OVERALL:I like the core gameplay loop. As many have said, it's like a KF1 2.0. I sometimes miss the larger maps and the ability to hold out without being quickly overwhelmed by the surrounding spawn system, but the new visuals, guns, and gore make me feel at home. HOWEVER, the uncertainty of what bullsugar the devs are gonna pull next combined with the fact that it feels rather light on content now means you should probably hold off until it's ""done"" done."
,Not Recommended,232090,19240675,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Grit,"After several failed promises and a delay of nearly a year, KF2 is finally out of Early Access. I can't recommend this game in its current state, especially when several features that the developers promised in the final release are still not in the game.Tripwire projected this game would leave EA by the end of 2015. That was false, but it's understandable that they'd probably have to push their release date back. It hard to fault them here. Delays happen.Tripwire also promised 3 bosses by the time the game released. That's The Patriarch, Hans, and the new boss ""The Matriarch"".There was to be enhanced enemy AI on harder difficulties, such as Crawlers being able to crawl on walls. The devs have admitted they've worked on this, but that it's still bugged. They've had a year and a half to work on this game.The 10th perk was going to be the Martial Artist (hence the Katana) but it was axed in favor of The Survivalist. This is quite possibly the biggest cop-out in the entire development of this game, considering that Survivalist is a creatively bankrupt perk that required no extra weapons to be created and just focused on off-perking. Off-perk weapons are fun, but they don't need an entire perk surrounding them. The perk has been coldy received by the playerbase.Now real quick let's talk about the things they did add in that nobody asked for:The resistance system. To their credit they've dialed back this system, but for awhile Crawlers could take AA12 shots to the face like it was nothing. The team thought it was a good idea to give Crawlers this huge resistance to Shotguns and Fire Weapons(I'd like to point out that Firebug's XP Objective is to kill crawlers with Fire weapons). Their philosophy was that you should constantly be changing perks to deal with the situation at the time. How moronic.Versus mode. A mode nobody asked for and nobody wanted. Go ahead and check the servers and you'll see plenty more people want to play Survival over Versus. This isn't Left 4 Dead. Killing Floor was built on the foundation of co-op, and a Versus mode goes against the very groundwork of the game. Who are they catering to in this instance? L4D2 is still quite popular and is the preferred game for PvP gameplay.Crates and the shared content system. I'll tell you right off the bat that crates don't affect gameplay. They don't. What I will point out is how scummy it is to implement this system before the full release. Wouldn't it make more sense to build crates around a complete game? ""No, because how else could we sell more keys when all the classes come out?"". It doesn't hurt the gameplay, but it really shows where their priorities lie in that they would rather reskin the same guns over and over before making a new weapon for an existing perk. Shared content only affects one weapon right now, the zweihander, and can only be accessed if you or someone in your server owns the game Chivalry. Any way you slice it, this is a paywall, a barrier of entry. You can be completely denied a weapon if no one in the server owns that game, and I don't think that's right. Granted, it's a step above Killing Floor 1's paid weapons, but it's still wrong.And they keep nerfing the Firebug what the ♥♥♥♥?tl;dr I don't recommend this game right now. They failed to meet so many of their promises, and their development choices have been very poor. So until they get their act together, I'm getting my refund."
,Recommended,232090,15547333,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,smokeymcROOЯ,Well it's time to puff ganja and kill tha floor again.
,Not Recommended,232090,19242443,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Average User,"I tried so hard to love this game.And I do, I really do love the work that Tripwire's put in to evolve and refine the KF formula.But I just can't take it anymore.""Early Access done right"" was one of the taglines for this game, and, ironically, it is one of the worst, if not THE worst example of early access I've ever seen.Since the game was released into early access, there has only been 1 content patch. There have barely been any patches other than that. Early access games are meant to be developed ALONGSIDE the playerbase, effectively using them as playtesters. Not only has tripwire neglected this, they've outright BETRAYED the community. Most of the content coming out for the game won't be availible until release, which completely defeats the purpose of Early Access at all. They effectively just wanted your money sooner, so they didn't have to wait until the actual release of the game to hoard all the dosh. Sometime in the next week or 2 (maybe) there is another content patch coming. This patch, along with the last one, should have been added in the first MONTH of early access, not 7-10 months down the road with no news or updates. There was an almost 5 month period of NOTHING. No content, no updates, nothing.Now, for the best part. Just today, Tripwire has announced microtransactions for Killing Floor 2. So, what we have now is a game that is BARELY 50% complete, and now, since the THIRTY-TWO CANADIAN DOLLAR entrance fee wasn't enough, they now want more of your precious dollarydoos for cosmetics. While many people will argue that since it is cosmetic, there is no reason to be upset, that it has no effect on your game whether you have them or not. Well, it DOES have an effect on the game. Effort is being taken away from ACTUALLY MAKING THE DAMN GAME to asking for you to fork out more hard earned cash to fill their already inflated pockets.Please understand, I love Killing Floor, and I love what Tripwire has done in the past, but for now, I'm done with this game. This was one of the games I was hyped for more than other in 2014 and this past year, but now, I probably won't be touching it until it comes out. If it ever comes out.Please, if you haven't bought it already, please refrain from doing so, at least until the proper release. There isn't enough content for the price and it won't take long before TW is asking for more of your money."
,Not Recommended,232090,23593993,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,BUILD A WALL,"I regret buying this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameStay tuned for the never-coming promised content, mindless mechanics and EVEN MORE MICROTRANSACTIONS."
,Not Recommended,232090,23621131,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Name Change,"The KF2 damage system review.Before the Bulls-Eye update:Can you aim? Enjoy popping heads!Good luck out there!After the Bulls-Eye update:Can you aim? That's okay if you can't. It doesn't matter anymore.Your class dictates which head you can pop now.Edit: I forgot a few things. Here are a few more no-nos.- There are microtransactions in this ""Beta"" game.- This game is being developed at a very slow pace.- The developers are starting to get a reputation for silencing their players.- Tripwire working on a new Killing Floor VR game before finishing this game first.I think the current Mixed review rating on Steam is just.Edit #2: I think some people are confused by what I mean by ""Your class dictates which head you can pop now.""The new update gave Zeds resistances that make each Zed stronger and weaker against certain player classes. I do not feel that I know the new damage system well enough to do a full review on it. For your convenience I'll link a in-depth guide here. I do think that tweaking guns and skills is a better option when compared to this new system though.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=702207621Edit #3: The free weekend is now over. If it comes around again I'll update this final edit so people can try the game out and see if it's for them."
,Not Recommended,232090,23359634,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Calamity Dog,"6 player COOP using tons of weapons and class that player wants, killing ZEDs gorely as hell with screaming heavy metal BGM. It is what Killing Floor is.yes, you made the game nearly satisfying above qualification...so PVP and Skins?what the hell?even could not finished Sharpshooter.so Dragon this winter, SWAT next year?come on...it is more annoying than playing only 4 alpha perks.."
,Not Recommended,232090,23279248,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Zaldron,This is not killing floor 2. This is devs took the money and ran. All you guys did was tarnish your own image and I will never buy another product from your company as long as I live. I will also tell everyone I know not to ever buy or play your half baked games either. Your censorship is garbage which only proves how cowardly you actually are.
,Not Recommended,232090,23452615,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Mik@,"This is the last time I buy a early access game !I believed that Tripwire was ok and would do a great and fast job to finish the game. But after I don't remember how many months I bought this game, it is as poor as it was at the beginning. And it is really not as fun as KF1, because of the map design that don't suit the hardcore party like in KF1."
76561198015333429,Not Recommended,232090,23605699,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,survivorpoptart,Very little content♥♥♥♥ed up perk balanceTwo years with scarce updatesPayed addons for an early access gameMicrotransactions for an early access game
,Not Recommended,232090,19246318,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Alatreon,"Tripwire has turned out to ♥♥♥♥ me in the♥♥♥♥♥  This is what I get for buying the deluxe version like a little♥♥♥♥♥♥on day 1.  Paid microtransactions before you even finish half the♥♥♥♥♥♥that was promised by the end of 2015.  Extremely dissapointed in tripwire, do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,232090,23547773,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,cDKI,"Killing Floor 2  is fun to jump in every once and a while, as it looks great and fun to play initially. However,  it needs more attention from the devs regarding optimization, weapon balance, and game design than where it is right now.With the recent update, weapons are now arbitrarily strong against some ZEDs and terrible against other ZEDS, creating a weird flux where some classes are literally useless and other classes are broken in terms of power, depending on what class Tripwire feels like nerfing. Classes don't feel balanced, rather more of a ""flavor of the month"" power curve. This is the third time weapons were re-worked, and it made it a frustrating experience for a casual to try and memorize what gun to point at what thing.Playing anything higher than the ""normal"" difficulty as a newer player will get you kicked because you have not grinded out your class, which makes you much weaker than someone who did (thanks to the new resistance system). And with the server population as small as it is right now, you may simply not be able to play games with other people during parts of the day unless you purchase or host a server.With such an emphasis on trying to market the game instead of finishing the game: with skinner box microctransactions, an unfinished PvP system, and now VR support, I'd wait until Tripwire at least released the promissed features for the game before considering a purchase.Tripwire, please stop trying to re-create the wheel and finished the wheel you promised to make. KF1 was a good wheel. :/Not Recommended"
76561198006106262,Not Recommended,232090,22959767,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,BlackenedPies,"I put 220 hours into the original Killing Floor and was excited when KF2 was first released in Early Access. KF2 is overall a good (albeit flawed) game for the price of $20, but it's been ruined by the dev teamThe fact that KF2 is still in Early Access is absurd, but the real reason I'm giving a negative review is how TWI treats community feedback. They hand out permanent bans without reason. This behavior is unacceptable and should not be supportedDevelopment has devolved into milking every $$ they can without actually developing the game. TWI needs to restructure and get their act together"
,Not Recommended,232090,19240915,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Ｓｕｉｃｉｄａｌ　ＯｌｄＭａｎ,Game isn't even finished and they've already announced microtransactions.Game isn't even finished and they've already announced DLC.Game isn't even finished and they've already killed it.Game isn't even finished and is dead.
76561198018558098,Not Recommended,232090,19386559,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Amexx_,"I always wanted to buy a KF game. So I bought this one. Played it with friends was alot of fun but the game didnt have alot of content. But gunplay, maps and overall feel of the game was great. But like I said only 1 boss and only few maps. I was hoping this wouldnt turn out as one of those games like Payday 2 with 100€ worth of Dlc.Because when I bought vanilla PD2 there was just so much♥♥♥♥♥♥locked. I swear 50% of the game is Dlc. Base game is glorified demo for 20€ and when they put in microtransactions it was just too much.Anyway back to what I wanted to say. I was looking foward to a new content and was very interested to see how the game will develop further. It has been like 2+ months without a single patch. And the 1st thing after 2+ months they announce microtransactions and Dlc. Im sorry but wtf is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I dont think I want to keep playing because I just know this game will become infested with dlc.TLDR: Game is great f microtransactions"
76561198017893952,Not Recommended,232090,19243962,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Repoman,"microtransactions... welp, into the trash it goes."
,Not Recommended,232090,23702632,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Dick Tucker,"Tripwire announced that a VR version of this game will be exclusive to Oculus. Tripwire is now supporting console-like exclusivity on PC. I regret spending my money on this game, and I'd advise anyone else to avoid it - don't support anti-consumer practices by funding the people who use them."
,Not Recommended,232090,23378483,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,o|-} Patches,"It's a great game, I loved it the first few weeks after release. Still, there's not enough content and thus it gets boring quite quickly. Their plan was to incorporate more content for the full game release. Still, they were talking about a year of early access and they're still far from done. The reason I can't recommend this is they were talking about doing early access 'right' etc. Just read the early access description to understand their bs."
,Not Recommended,232090,22393411,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Euro Trash Techno God™,♥♥♥♥♥♥ poop game
,Not Recommended,232090,19266990,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Hobo Elf,"It is hard to recommend a game, or a company, that is pushing for microtransactions before the game is even ready. It's really telling of where their priorities lie. I dislike microtransactions of any kind, but as long as they are purely cosmetic (though this was not the case in KF1, there were some P2W guns locked behind a paywall), I'll live with it. But this simply isn't the time for them, this is the time to make the content for the game. It is a shameful thing to do and sends a message that Tripwire is more concerned about lining their pockets than delivering to their customers who already paid them; paid them in good will, as that is what EA is all about. I'll certainly never buy another Early Access game from Tripwire, if I eve buy another game from them at all, if this is what I can expect from them."
,Not Recommended,232090,19240678,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Nukle,"Everything about the latest update has been said so all I have to say is, this is the first and last game I buy in early access."
,Not Recommended,232090,19241383,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Commissar Storage,"Most of the lofty promises made in the wake of KF2's early access announcement have fallen flat. The recent deal with microtransactions is yet another strike against Tripwire. The cosmetics themselves are perfectly fine since they do not alter gameplay in any way - but that is not the major issue here. We were promised frequent free content updates in the form of maps, weapons, characters, and perks; now Tripwire announces an entirely irrelevant marketplace for cosmetics instead of a sorely needed content patch. Just the presence of a cash shop in an unfinished version of the game is fairly suspect, but doing so in a desperately unfinished state is even worse. On top of this KF2 is a paid game, not free-to-play, most people agree microtransactions have no legitimate place in a paid game."
,Not Recommended,232090,23695888,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Catwrangler The Brave,Between the caving to the Oculous DRM machine and lying to Early Access customers multiple times  I just can't reccomend this game to anyone.
,Not Recommended,232090,22396341,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Dominic,Well its all come down to this a man who has played Killing floor 1 since like 2010 or some thing around that.A shorter more simple styled review.Upsides1. Graphics.2. Each character has there own arm models and not just reskined arms unlike the first game.3. Each character has there own voice with there own voice lines aswell.bad sides.1. microtransactions. want to own the game hope you are willing to pay over $300 dollars for every thing.2. PVP Well this can ether be good for you and bad for others or the other way around But I did not buy Killing floor 2 to play PVP when its a Strict PVE Series.3. Kind of boring levels compaired to the first game.4. Commando is super crappy compaired to the first game. Mine as well be a firebug.5. The creators of the game do not really seem to take feedback that much even though they told every one they would make feedback a big part of the game during early access.6. Zeds will teleport in front of your face or around walls. So even if you make a clear escape they just pop up in your face again trapping you with stuff that may be even worse.7. The feeling from the Unreal tournament 2004 Killing floor mod and the Killing floor 1 game it self is completly gone. Only thing still here is the Zeds and characters.8. all perks can sprint but half of the perks you can pick will always be slow while the other half can run faster as they level up meaning they are better because they can avoid getting hit. not to mention two of the three fast classes are pretty powerful.9. They kind of messed up some of the characters looks. maybe its how they dress or maybe its there face they did some thing. Not to mention they made the Classic mr.foster $5 in the game store while he should of been free in the first place.10. The big zeds just suck up your bullets like they are nothing. Unless you are a support or a gunslinger. They even take fire very good can take like 200 out of 300 flame thrower ammo to kill a flesh pound. Best way to kill them run up to there face and beat them with a hammer some reason.11. Lack of ammo that promotes people to play as berserker's He also is the most powerful class in the game at the moment. So you may see a few of them.12. At the moment they messed up loading levels in the workshop so you have to do it in game by console. seeing how the updates come this may be fixed in three to four months.13. Not enough levels. I would rather have more levels that are small then a few levels that are big. Can be fixed using the steam workshop but I think they really should of put in some of the first games level to.14. Pick a spot and stay in it style gameplay. While the first game you could find multiple spots or just run around and fight. The second game kind of forces you to pick that one same spot over and over again making it repetitive.15. damn thats a lot of negatives.16. If you are all alone good chance you will die unless you are a berserker or a gunslinger.17. Characters do not look as great as they did in the first game. Look at Briars outfit for a example.18 I feel lied to.Over all there seems to be a lot of downsides in this game compaired to upsides.I would recommend the Unreal Tournament 2004 Killing floor mod. Or Killing floor 1 over Killing floor 2.If some one told me the same people who made Killing floor 1 made Killing floor 2 I would not think they were telling the truth.
76561198063851723,Not Recommended,232090,22434246,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,MaysersLasers,"I loved Killing Floor 1 to death even though some of their marketing choices were less than desirable for the fan base. When I heard about this game I though ""Yes, an updated, more interactive, and better marketed KF1."" This is not at all what I got. There are great things about this game like it's beautiful weapons and animations, ZED Time, and that it looks great visually, and for these reasons I will keep playing it but I won't spend another cent on these devs until they can stop taking months to make updates, messing around with scummy microtransaction systems, and having terribly bad priorites.If you want to try this game out, be careful. You'll be waiting months for content and you'll have to deal with the odd and kind of frustrating way Tripwire is going with this. If you can get over that, have fun, but consider yourself warned."
,Not Recommended,232090,19244110,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Deadhunt49,"""Early access game"" adds microtransations early...gg"
76561198074124785,Not Recommended,232090,19301740,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Hanz Guvenschmitz,Game isn't finished yet.>MicrotransactionsI don't want another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Market community like TF2/CSGO/DOTA2
76561198023436874,Not Recommended,232090,23617614,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,that was nasty,"low perk and map pool, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs, long periods with no content/patches. Bad public relations (banning/filtering reviews)"
,Not Recommended,232090,23312988,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Austupaio,"I am leaving my review in much the same vein of others that were far more detailed. I don't show many hours on this as a few were prior to the major early access release and I've been really holding off on playing this until it was complete. I've been and have remained an avid player of the first Killing Floor.Well, it seems like I'll never get around to playing the sequel and I regret at this point buying in. It doesn't seem like it will ever be finished, another victim or eternal early access due to feature creep and the 'protection' early access gives them. Even if it were, the microtransactions, the crafting system, the focus on the PvP... they've all completely transformed this game from what I was looking for.At this point, you're better off with a different horde shooter, there are plenty of them. Try the Left4Dead series if you haven't played it somehow, maybe Vermintide for something newer. I know the Call of Duty series zombie modes have always been really popular. Or just play the first Killing Floor, it holds up. There's a game I actually can recommend.What happened?"
,Not Recommended,232090,23303033,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Kingofsmash101,"It hurts me to say this... Don't buy the game in it's current state, if not at all.It was promising at first with some noticeable bumps, ""but it's early access so they can smooth them out"" is what I thought at first, but it just kept dragging on with no reasonable explanation as to why the devs aren't updating the game with the biggest drought being maybe 4-5 months. The game being ""early access"" is an excuse to put this game on hold for a few months at a time without looking suspicious, with the ""updates"" they're putting out being just tiny fixes and not putting in the content the players want, like the devs have absolutely no faith in the base game and bringing up my next topic...They have microtransactions with TF2-esque crate systems where you have to spend $2.00 to get a chance to get the skin/headgear you want, sometimes in a color you hate, ♥♥♥♥ that noise. I think the extra salt in the wound is that I'm 60% sure people would have bought these things if you could buy them individually at very low prices, I bought the classic Mr. Foster skins and biker gear for Hayato, why? Because I had a 100% chance to ♥♥♥♥ing get them instead of buying in to the hardcore gambling platform that modern gaming is becoming.The microtransactions are going to kill this game faster than anything, gamers hate nothing more than complete betrayal and damned, blatant lies. ""The Zedconomy update will help the game"" one of TWI heads (probably) said. No. No it won't, and it didn't. It's doing the exact opposite, you cannot snake your way out of this, you stabbed your fanbase in the heart and twisted the knife several times. You can follow the communities desires and demands down to the letter, but you have essentially lost all the respect that came with your name just for a small handful of $10. The people you are pandering to with your crate and drop system will complain about the difficulty and leave.I'm not going to comment on the PvP game mode because it wasn't something I asked for, or wanted, I might sound unappreciative, but the ""be the zed"" game mode wasn't something on the community's wish-list of features to put in the game, instead of- I dunno, maybe trying to finish the game and put in some of the friggin' perks alreadyThe game is dying, and might already be dead unless the developers put some damn faith in the game and get rid of their microtransaction system.I hope the extremely short term ""profits"" were worth it Tripwire. I hope you choke on them."
,Recommended,232090,30792906,Posted: 28 March,all,FreeZer (Weapon X),"PROS- 6 person co-op mode- Lots of maps/gun combinations/charachters/visual unlockables and more content coming- Respondent DEV community who listens- Great player community and support, servers tend to fill up quickly if you have a few people in them- Replay value, always a different team/map/weapons- Work as a team, strategize, and pick ""perks"" (AKA classes) that mesh well is vital- Gamemode always available that is very challenging, even for peak level 25s, although I would like to see 1 more level above Hell on EarthCONS- Gameplay is still a bit wonky (grenade usage, jumping onto cars or over walls, picking up guns on the ground)- Can be a bit repetitive after awhile- For players who reach max level of 25 for a ""perk"" (or class), there is nothing else to gain XP for- Server browsing and lobby, need a serious UI/UX upgrade for menus- Only 2 bosses (Patriach/Dr), and 2 types of sub-bosses (Scrake/Fleshpound)SUMMARYThis game is the best FPS I have played in quite a long time and not because of the gameplay (still has some work to do with grenades, jumping over cars and walls) - but because of what it represents - 6 person FPS co-op style versus AI hoardes. Other games should take notice, because this mode in of itself is what the huge value is for me. I have played TF2, Overwatch, Counter Strike, L4D2 etc etc etc - but this is the first one where you don't have to worry about someone talking useless smack on the other team, or even cheating and ruining it (because if they are cheating, well they are always on your team.) Definitely would recommend this game if you are looking at another FPS to kill some time!"
,Not Recommended,232090,19243684,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,nawjauhg,"The game in early access with barely any content, terrible balance, rare updates and now, a fan favourite - microtransactions.It's like Tripwire have not learned anything from the Payday 2 drama."
76561198019735957,Not Recommended,232090,19239323,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Xodis99,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! It was just announced that tripwire is introducing microtransactions and paid cosmetic items! not only is it still in early access but there has only been ONE major update since its initial release and they tease content at you but just keep doing it over and over and over not giving any hint at a estimated release date - clearly developers are not taking the hint that mictransactions are NOT what we wat especially after the incident with OVERKILLS PAYDAY 2 where there was a massive outrage over it...i truly want to enjoy this sequel but tripwire is making it nearly impossible and now that they have announced god forsaken microtransactions - i have never wanted to return a steam game as much as i do right now - shame on you tripwire i hope this looses you at least some money
,Not Recommended,232090,23625751,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,KITTENKRUSHA,Killing Floor 2 is just like me- Filled with potential... and squandering all of it.
,Recommended,232090,15754763,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Forsberg,AWESOME JUST WISH MY FRIEND BEN WOULD BUY ITEDIT: DONT DO IT BEN ITS NOT WORTH IT NOW
,Not Recommended,232090,19273660,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Noustupd,"goddammit tripwire, you were supposed to be the good guys"
,Not Recommended,232090,19243625,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,𝕳𝖊𝖒𝖕𝖙𝖔𝖓,"Microtransactions in early access, only a few of the KF1 staff."
,Not Recommended,232090,19241401,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Wolverine,"Had great fun with the game, but not anymore. It was supposed to be released till the end of the year - instead of that we had only one major update, which was cynically called ""Free content DLC""  and the announcement of microtransactions. I do not care how optional they are - they are going to be included before the final content from what it seems. It is clear enough where the focus of the developers is.In the meantime with the last updates (skin types make big Zeds almost invulnerble if you do not have the right classes to deal with them) the big Zeds are wrecking. No more fun in casual games with random people - better get your organised team, having Berserk to tank, healer to keep the team, comando to clear trash, demo to kill Flesh Pounds and whatever class is most effective vs Scrakes aside from zerk. It is a miracle to reach boss on Hard with random people these days.The game in the start of the Early-Access was hard, but fun and rewarding. Now it feels like a pain to play on anything but normal, unless you have a team. I am sure hard-core Killing Floor fans would enjoy it - but this is no longer the causal fun for me. Things might change when the last 4 classes are released, but with the current speed that will take another 7 months - thanks, but no, thanks. More likely to have more gun and character skins.If you are not hardcore Killing Floor fan, I would advice to wait until release and see in what state the game will be by then. And if you are, and you are not bothered by the latest updates and microtransactions announcement by the least - keep throwing money at the screen.EDIT: After last big update- I mean ""FREE CONTENT DLC PACK! FOR FREE!!!"" - medic useful traits nerfed to the ground instead of buffing the useless ones - good job. Talking about artificially bumping the difficulty, so people can say how hardcore you are, well done. And speaking of pointless nerfs - I am sadly looking at you, Berserker. Oh, how the mighty have fallen with all the talent + claymore nerfs. That +1 HP on kill from Vampiric though! A whooping +4 HP, from +3 previously - must pick now. Let`s also not forget the big Commando ammo price/kalashnikov mags capacity nerfs and the major price increase of the Support`s AA-12 from the previous major update.Predicition for next patch - even MORE hats, Firebug and Gunslinger nerfs. Zerk`s Vampiric talent increased from +4 to +4,5 HP per kill, because let`s face it - +5 is too much.I have been just slightly sarcastic. A little bit more of it would spoil the milk in the fridge two rooms from here.UPDATE: The bug in which the game randomly changes your perk after entering menus still hasn`t been fixed. This ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t has been going on for months. If you play with gamepad and decide to change talent between waves, the game randomly changes your perk and you are stuck with it untill the end of the wave. This is simply ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,232090,23131432,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,SirTurdle,"This game was really fun, it still is really fun, but i just cant recommend this game due to the extremely shady and unfaithful development team and its recent addition of microtransactions to an early access game with much more work that was needed to be put towards balance and gameplay instead of new outfits.Just wait to buy this, if they remove the microtransactions, or better fix the game and add more content regularly, then grab it."
,Recommended,232090,34176592,Posted: 11 August,all,Punisher,Great game worth the money!All it needs is an offical endless Mode.
,Not Recommended,232090,19243745,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Mother Beef,"here is my two-cents on the game/TWI in general. -First things first, i'd be lying if I said I do not enjoy the game, or that the game is a broken mess. In fact, i've put a decent 96hrs into the game - arguably i'd say ive got my ""moneys worth"" already. But with all the drama associated with this Early Access it's certainty come with a 'price' on how I feel towards both the game and TWI as a company. As a result, withstanding my enjoyment of the game, I probably will never back a Early Access title from Tripwire Interactive again.These guys make some fantastic games, Red Orchaestra is brilliant, Killing Floor is a bunch of fun. But unfortunately the way they actually develop their games could do with some serious work. KF2 players have long complained about how long the games updates have been taking, the infrequency of any form of patch, big or small (Or 'Free Content Packs' as they arguably misleadingly call them), a massive lack of communication, and actually quite a few unprofessional, aggressive comments coming from the developers themselves. (One dev stated that legally they owe EA backers nothing, and that we bought the product as is, and that they could abandon it whenever they wanted despite the promises made. Whilst this is technically true it doesnt feel good as a customer to hear a developer say that to you.) Of course this is then coupled with some of the microtransaction controversy, which whilst cosmetic and expected (the U.I from day 1 suggested it) came out arguably at a poor time when the game is largely content starved, and select cross-promotional weapons being better than ones available to all players (which was fixed....4 or so months after players complained...). Personally I have no issue with the cosmetic transactions, I play CSGO/Dota2 and I see how well it can be implemented, I just think it was primarily done at a really, really poor time - which given how TWI have ran this Early Access, is incredibly fitting.Now there is nothing inherently wrong with a development team taking their time with a product, if any company knows that itd being TWI with the absoltuely terrible mess of a game that was Red Orchestra 2 on launch, BUT, so far it's been the matter in which TWI has stood themselves and how poor they have been at handling their audience and customers. People will rebut and say that ""noone likes seeing how the sausage is made"" in regards to Early Access fatigue, but it really isnt that. I get that games are hard to make, audiences are hard to talk to and that everything takes a long time. I just havent enjoyed the way that theyve acted, it doesnt seem professional, I get that they must deal with some real ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s on the forums etc... but god damn dont take it out on the community or be ignorant for the sake of it. I guess the only reality in that sausage analogy is that i've never had the 'joy' of interacting with developers so much, sure you see devs over at /r/rainbow6 or /r/GlobalOffensive but its different.I am super excited to see what they do with Rising Storm 2, but i'm not going to give TWI a single cent until at least a few weeks after that game launches completely 100% done. I will avoid their EA like a plague.I'll be happy to provide further examples/answer any questions needed, please refrain from just being outwardly aggressive, im fine with a discussion/civil argument/debate if you intend to defend TWI, but lets not make this childish.Edit - the whole 'we owe you nothing in EA' thing can be seen here -http://forums.tripwireinteractive.com/showthread.php?p=1429890#post1429890"
76561198049317136,Not Recommended,232090,22180932,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Jäeger,"""Early access done right.""""The game will hit full release before the end of 2015.""""Not a cash grab.""Lies, lies lies and lies. Scumbag developpers do not fail to disappoint. Shame on you, SHAME.UPDATE 27/08/2016:The game is still in the same state as before, Impossible to finish matches due to the final boss being far too hard to kill.But instead of fixing the game's OBVIOUS flaws that are sucking away the fun like a black hole, The developpers have opted for:You guessed it, MORE MICROTRANSACTIONS! The game is STILL in EARLY ACCESS and has CRATES.Absolutely shameful and disgusting behavior from the developpers. You disgust me you filth-ridden scumbags."
76561198034525914,Not Recommended,232090,22293655,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Got Baking Soda? #Dicks Out,"Dear Tripwire Interactive,Is this video game a first person shooter or a gambling vending machine simulator. I can't seem to figure that out. It looks like to me that you go about doing one thing and do the opposite next week tell the community and think that is a great idea to change the entire design and development program of your project. You guys definitely have 'other agendas'.Don't promise the community what they want and give them something else. Right now this game has blown out of its original schedule and original release and now no one knows when this game is going to get released because you are abusing the Early Access system to avoid criticism and responsibilities of meeting deadlines and are perceiving yourself as a inadequate incompetent video games developer.This is directed to TI by the way, I don't care if fanboys attack me or downvote this because I criticise what I see and really this project has being butchered ten fold over and I don't even care about this game anymore. I cared about the original concept which was to make a sequel to killing floor and now we are getting a Left 4 dead 3/killingfloor2/csgocrates. Yeah what is this game again? do you even know what it is? I'm sure in a week you will add another feature no one asked for or wanted just to destroy the design even more. Good work this is truly becoming DayZ 2."
,Not Recommended,232090,19250103,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,[HTT] im wooser,"Dead game from being in early access for almost a year, still in early access and now has microtransactions."
,Not Recommended,232090,19264245,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Tora,Micrtotransactions for unfinished game.
,Not Recommended,232090,19338531,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Altrentoræ,"This game isn't finished, and from what we've seen so far, it never will beKilling floor 2 was a game that could go far, slowly progress and eventually it would be better than the original KF.Unfortunately Tripwire thought ""should we finish the game?"" ""no, let's add microtransactions and tell them they're lucky the actual updates are free""Don't buy this... YET. come back when it's finished"
76561198007840444,Not Recommended,232090,20650712,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Docalypse,"My desktop is a i7-4770k, 16gb ram, and a GeForce Titan X, win7. The game crashes on start up. I've gone through all steps for a fix, nothing works.My laptop is a i7 6820hk, 32gb ddr4, GeForce 980m, win10. Brand new laptop and a fresh install of this game and I get the same crashes on launch.I get this is early access, but I've been dealing with these issues for months, while sending bug reports to the devs every so often, and nothing has been fixed."
,Not Recommended,232090,23082405,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Che,"Don't waste your time and money, not worth it. Period."
,Not Recommended,232090,23640479,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Rapscallion,feels like an improved version of KF1terrible buggy matchmaking and client in generalstupid♥♥♥♥♥cancerous cash shop♥♥♥♥♥♥fun game though
76561198039728628,Not Recommended,232090,23459078,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Jome Harrd,"There is currently a bug in this game. A bug not all people face as none of my friends have reported seeing this problem. If you use the scroll wheel to select a weapon, there is a chance the game will decide that you want the welder instead.""BUT JOME! THE WELDER HAST BEEN SLAY BY TRIPWIRE! IT CAN NO LONGER HARM US BY BEING THERE!""Hush now, fair mercenary, I know of the injustice Tripwire has done to the poor welder. But now the welder in angry. Angry and vengeful. It still haunts this game and will make it's presence know when you least expect it. Such as when you are staring off two fleshpounds on solo Hoe and you thought you wanted the AA-12 but instead you see the little yellow welder pop onto the screen.But in all seriousness, I consider this extreamly annoying and though it would have been fixed by now. But since it's such small bug that almost nobody seems to face, Tripwire doesn't care."
76561198041950811,Not Recommended,232090,22411278,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Mr. Hankey The Xmas Poo,"you know a gaming company has screwed upBIG TIMEwhen they make a sequel to a good game, said sequel ends up not only not being as good, let alone a worthy sequel to the 1st one, gets into Early access & expect people to pay micro transactions (a somewhat small issue, but still...) wastes their time in making it more similiar to other games rather than the improved version of the 1st it should be, haven't given that much of a crap about the perks (aka classes), completely forget about 1 of the versions (in this case the PS4), removed 2 of the best voice commands in any online team game ever (Insult Players & Thanks), ran over the game's charm with a train&they expect to pay usEVEN MORE THAN BEFORE AS IT GETS ""updated"", did i mention this applies to the 1st game as well? ya know? the 1 they stopped updating at all?"
,Not Recommended,232090,23603936,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Celty ♠ Sturluson,"♥♥♥♥ you and your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t SJWire, you lost a fan from 2009"
,Not Recommended,232090,23604171,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Viktor,"A potentially good game marred by increasingly baffling design decisions, glacial pacing in updates, and a lack of a clear scope. For a game so often championed by its developer as ""Early Access Done Right,"" it just doesn't show, and I can't possibly recommend purchasing this game in its current state.EDIT 6-24-2016: I was hoping this patch would undo a lot of Tripwire's bad decisions. As we can now see, it didn't. It's still very clear that Tripwire is hell-bent on making obtuse gameplay decisions with no input from their playerbase and, as usual, only pays lip service to the idea that they're responding to player concerns. Friends don't let friends Early Access."
,Not Recommended,232090,23547047,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Spike1996,this game is like the first a one trick ponythere censorship and microtransactions is infimasand I cant conect to a game soI think thay shadow banned meI never did anything rude or hacker-ish
76561197978165185,Not Recommended,232090,22392716,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,revolverheld,"Game is still not finished and still has bugs and those never ending loading screens!Perks are missing, not that many guns and maps in the game yet... BUT we got microtransactions and cases to open.Well done tripwire. Last game i bought from you for sure!Another example for a bad early access title with broken promises and developer that is only interested in money insted of keeping promises to there fans and making a good game!"
,Not Recommended,232090,22388507,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Tet,"Initially, I rated to recommend this game. Brushed off the hate for the microtransactions. I guess I just really wanted to believe Trip Wire could deliver what we wanted, but they haven't. I haven't played the game in a few months because I was waiting for better content to be released, but they added a PvP mode similar to Left 4 Dead....WTF?Trip Wire, please get your priorities straight or give the license and IP to literally any triple A dev company because despite what nickel-and-dime strats they implement at least they'll finish the product. I know TWI is not a big company and it takes more time to flesh out more content as such, but you need to finish the core game before introducing new game modes or even microtransactions. I feel they did this to bring new people into the game and bring people like myself back.They would have done much better to keep KF2 out of Steam's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ early access. The growth is non-existent and I feel this game is going to get abandoned.  So, until there is a legitimate final release with the main 6-man team PvE finished, I suggest sticking with the original Killing Floor."
,Not Recommended,232090,23648836,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Kunagi,"I really don't know what Tripwire are actually thinking at this point.They have legitimately ignored fan feedback and implemented broken features several times.Please just admit that you have screwed up Tripwire, it's not a fun game anymore. Admit it and change the bloody damage resistance, so we can all be happy.-An ex fan of your games."
76561198054449289,Not Recommended,232090,23717763,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,darkside48500,"i really like kf1 i have over 1200 hours in game. so i got kf2 an i like some of the new things an had very little i didnt like about it , just had to get use to it ,but now with all  that has been done/not done to the game in the last month like the nefing . i dont recommend this game to anyone as it is right now as it  would be a wast of money , if they can get back on track an pull there head out of thier  a*****  , it will be a great game an worthy sequel"
76561198057427199,Not Recommended,232090,19244036,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Rat Wizard,so they released sharpshooter so i had to change this reviewtoo bad the devs have continuously made bad choices so it's still a negative review
,Not Recommended,232090,19240515,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Techlologist,Crates and keys?  Really Tripwire?
,Not Recommended,232090,19253369,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Meepsauce,"I was looking forward to playing the multitudes of content tripwire would make for KF2 early access, just like they had developed lots of content through KF1's lifespan.My first impressions were this would be a great, fun co-op experience and an improvement on KF1 in just about every way.I'll admit I was waiting for some more content to sink my teeth into (being early access you don't want to burn out on the basic content iterations).Apparently I waited too long and they're already spending development time on their already early access title for MICROTRANSACTIONS.Honestly, what the actual? Has Tripwire not learned from Studio Overkill's mistakes? I paid for early access, don't nickle and dime me for having paid towards your early development and testing as a gesture of good faith.And they say they have a 50 man team and need emone to feed their dev team. That investors and stockholders want to see returns. Well some people on that team has spent time and money producing microtransactions especially for those who have paid for early access. So we paid for microtransactions to be developed. Aw shucks, fellas.As far as I'm concerned, when I'm funding the alpha and beta of your game without having the completed product in my hand I am invested in your product. And now you've♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me and half of the other investors off by asking us for more money with little to show for it.You're literally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the face of your most important assets Tripwire."
,Not Recommended,232090,19244342,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Appley Hooves™,"Alright, I'm gonna amend my rant to be a little more chill. This is not that bad of a skin idea, compared to what Payday 2 had. Even the skins are a bit better, considering they were made by the community. We'll see how it goes, hm? Still, Tripwire, stop sucking off Nvidia and make some actual content, like the gunslinger and new Patty are shaping up to be.(Edit: ""We've been around long enough to know that we can't always make everyone happy. Even if we're adding free content to our games we can't make everyone happy, even more so when we are adding paid content to our game. As a developer though we feel this is the right thing for the game to ensure that we can fund free content updates for a long time to come. We are willing to take a few lumps right now, so that our playerbase will be happy getting free content updates years from now.""Alright, if you say so.)Don't make people throw away their hard-earned dosh into this insatialble money pit you call a game when it's not even out of Early Access, shoulda done this when you had a more complete product to offer, but now that chance is blown.Original review:If you've played Killing Floor 1, you know most of what to expect.If you haven't played that, then you've got a lot to learn.Killing Floor 2 is an FPS abomination-killer with some RPG elements. Find a class you enjoy playing, whether it's shotguns (support) or healing (medic), melee (berzerker) or assault (commando), with more classes promised in the future.Those classes level up by getting kills or other criteria specified per class, there's levels to survive through, but not all of them are available yet. Do not burn yourself out by playing too often, because you're going to be disappointed. I don't have much to show for my early support other than some skins and a chance to experience an incomplete game. Just remember to buy it later rather than sooner, because you'll get more instant content for your money."
,Not Recommended,232090,23615118,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Go Towards The Light,"Wasnt much here that was better than KF1 besides the graphics. A shame this one, the original formula worked and was good, although I didnt waste money on DLC."
76561198057321128,Not Recommended,232090,23429587,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Wiley,"If you wanna know why this game has received such mixed opinions as of late, heres the short version...This game is in no way a bad game, updates have just been really slow to roll out and there have been reports of the forum being overzealously policed toward people that criticize the game and it's progress.I personally would wait for a few updates before considering a purchase, but the game still maintains some level of fun nevertheless."
,Not Recommended,232090,23213500,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,DoomOnYou,Fell for the old oh I liked the first surely they won't ruin the second with early access scheme.It started off good then they took a nose dive into trash-tier. Not worth the price-tag.
,Not Recommended,232090,19244440,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Rob,EARLY ACCESSMICROSTRANSACTIONSNO
,Recommended,232090,31250671,Posted: 19 April,all,Rk_fraGGers,absolutely f..k yes ... no strory line no imotion with charecters but who cares u get to kill zeds... its a grinding fest doing same thing and never been so fun .. give me some dosh will ya??
,Not Recommended,232090,19243980,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Sharahfluff,Game is now out and would be fun if it wasn't for the horrble lag I get all the time even with double digit ping.
,Not Recommended,232090,19284703,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Buyu,Microtransactions??
,Not Recommended,232090,19266264,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Subject,Just why..... Damn mictrotransacionts
,Not Recommended,232090,19269182,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,bL4sT!,Microtransactions on a game that isn't even finished.10/10 would get scammed again.
,Not Recommended,232090,19240330,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,LiFTdcooptroop,"Lovely game, but they ruined it with microtransactions.  Dont buy this game till they fix the greedy money grubbing scheme they made.Honestly, microtransactions in an EA game?"
,Recommended,232090,15479050,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Bini Inibitor,"It's not about zombies, it's about DOSH!"
,Not Recommended,232090,22452718,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,JBomb,"Microtransactions in early access, stay away"
,Not Recommended,232090,22453639,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,[e] cynox,"This game is great, but what killed it is in the settings. Every single update the game dishes out, your setting resets. Which I can say is ♥♥♥♥ING ANNOYING. I want to play this game, not tweak the settings to what I've already did COUNTLESS TIMES. This kind of minor detail overlooked? Trash."
,Not Recommended,232090,23547551,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Hurricane Jesus,"Could be a great game, but the developer has gone full retard and forgot what made the first game awesome."
76561198043883715,Not Recommended,232090,23564104,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Inrumatioque Sutor,"This is ♥♥♥♥ing rediculous. KF2 has only gotten worse as the days go by and it's not gettin any ♥♥♥♥ing better. Don't bother getting this, it would be a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,232090,22750136,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Nugget Head,Remember when Tripwire used to be for the players?Remember when they were developers that appreciated their small but loyal fan base?Remember when it all changed?I'm still not forgiving them for how RO2 turned out and this sure as hell isn't helping.
76561198180452055,Not Recommended,232090,23620249,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Xman,"♥♥♥♥ this game. It had so much potential. I mean, it's a zombie horde survival, how could you ♥♥♥♥ that up? Well they found a way. I don't know what they were thinking but they found a way. 1) It seems they have a new update every 5 months 2) When they DO release an update, it is♥♥♥♥♥♥and something that nobody asked for 3) They put in ♥♥♥♥ing microtransactions like we didn't already comprehend that they only made this game for money and to jack themselves off with.If you're reading this and still are thinking about getting this game then go ahead, if you like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games for the memes they make (♥♥♥♥♥♥ ones at best) then go ahead you can waste your $20. But if you are a normal, responsible human being, then DO NOT GET THIS GAME!!!!It's everything that people didn't want this game to become."
,Recommended,232090,15513201,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Pickles,"Killing Floor 2 is really all anyone could have hoped for in a sequel to the original. Nearly every aspect of the game has been improved upon but not changed drastically enough to be unfamiliar. As of writing only 4 perks and a handful of maps are available, with more known to come, so I won't review based on the amount of content available but the quality. I'm not usually one to be impressed by visuals but KF2 is leaps and bounds above the original in this respect. Animations are much more natural and smooth, and enemies look much more threatening. The new gore system is pretty much as advertised, I don't think it's as big of a deal though. Characters can now be limitedly customized, and each character has its own voice acting which is very nice. Perks have been expanded a bit, with a sort of ""skill tree"" aspect alongside the normal passives, and xp gain is changed so that you don't have to grind stalkers forever or tape down lmb with the welder next to a sealed door to level up. Guns feel mostly the same, just a few touch-ups. Core gameplay is pretty much unchanged from KF1, but given that the core gameplay was the selling point of the original it's understandable that they wouldn't tamper with it. KF2 also strikes an interesting balance between seriousness and humor; on the one hand, the atmosphere of the game is much darker and the visuals/sound effects push the feel closer to the horror genre. On the other hand, money is literally referred to as ""dosh"" and some of the voice lines are ridiculous and hilarious. Overall KF2 is a more polished and expanded version of KF1, and what more would you want?(I also want to note that the game is very polished and stable for an Early Access title, it's not the sort of game where you'd be buying it now to support future development; it's more than playable in its current state)"
,Not Recommended,232090,22949239,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Don't Look at this Chicken,"It's quite astonishing that this game is still early access a year after it's release. The devs has really made an effort in implementing profitable itemtrading, microtransactions but when it comes to content not much has happened. We're still fighting only two bosses.Don't buy this game until it's out of early access with several large content updates.Killing Floor 2 has potential but in this pace it will be a dead game with too few active players to keep the multiplayer alive."
76561198148924906,Not Recommended,232090,23601345,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,BreakingCoin3™,i dont have the game anymore but to be honest its pretty bad compared to killing floor 1. Not enought content and devs are censoring people who have a negetive opinion on the game. I hope they can get there♥♥♥♥♥♥together.
,Not Recommended,232090,23645383,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Major Malfunction,"It's ironic that once upon a time people called this the alternative to Payday 2 that wouldn't go down the same path; swirling down the toilet. Don't buy it, read other reviews that sum it up, know they're all consistant because they're being honest about what this game objectively is by running through a features list and various events/patches that happened and that opinion has no part of."
,Not Recommended,232090,23645603,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Bimmy,"Lost all my trust in Tripwire for good thanks to this botch job called Killing Floor 2.Thanks for lying to me and everyone else, TW. You did nothing right when it came to this game despite your claims.Never again."
,Not Recommended,232090,23126728,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Nexxa,"Extremely long loading times ruin what would otherwise be a lovely game. Until Tripwire addresses this issue properly I cannot give this game a positive review. I understand that early access is early access and all but this is simply my means of offering feedback and expressing my opinion on what I feel their priorities should be so hopefully this dissuades the white knight taliban from coming with their torches, drool, licked windows, and pitchforks.Also it's not my machine. No other game presents this problem or anything remotely close to it."
,Not Recommended,232090,23544196,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Fenrir,"Early access always gives me pause, but it is a total dumpster fire when said early access title also decides to throw in microtransactions before they finish the product which we thought our money was going towards....RUN LIKE HELL , dont buy this garbage the money would be better spent as kindling for a campfire."
,Not Recommended,232090,22692911,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Bacillb,"When on EARTH will you go out of Early Access? IT's taken over a year. I want this game, but I refuse to pay for early access. Don't want undone crap."
,Not Recommended,232090,23544930,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Ahiqar,"Micro-transactions seems to be a focus vs fisnihing the game.  I am a big fan, but releasing more content to sell, before you deliver to a community that has already paid is simply wrong.  Pass on this game until....""IF"" it ever leaves Early Access."
,Not Recommended,232090,23559131,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Odey555,"Graphically, a step up from the first KF.Gameplay wise, a couple steps down, pretty disappointed in it, then again that's what seems to be happening recently with titles, all the hype leads to a sh*tty game.6/10"
,Not Recommended,232090,23578052,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,IvanTheTerrible79,"its as bad console port with unbeleivably difficult inventory management that flat out makes the game unplayable in my playstyle of using more than 2 primary weapons and cycling between them often, teleporting zeds that ruin flow and make any difficullty above normal a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥not a challenge. -(teleporting zeds essentially completely fixed in most recent patch, yay!)everything about this game is plainly a console centric design, that I would imagine screws console players over just as much as it does pc players, things like your aim shifting to the harmless clot that grabbed you from behind away from the fleshpound headshot you where lining up, or the new railgun that automatically locks on and tracks bullets to whatever is locked instead of where you are aiming, making it incredibly difficult to get successive headshots on a scrake or fp instead of spending a hundred dosh per bullet on clot after clot as the gun prioritizes their heads over the raging scrake's head.overall I would say that the game is worth less than 10 dollars at best, but at this point I would not recommend it for free. definetely would not justify a $30 price tag when you can get killing floor 1, or cod waw both of which are extremely mod friendly and are frankly solid 9/10s for gameplay even vanilla. if you really like kf1 and want a different kf experience then get the kf unreal tournament mod, it has solid gameplay and a campaign with a story (and its where it all began)!"
76561198037149630,Recommended,232090,26205458,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,NoobLunch,Got a headshot with each of 12  bullets of my dual six shooters in slow motionTwirled my guns like Doc Holliday with a tin cupGot brain melted by a siren's incessant yodeling10/10 would prioritize trash zeds to look cool again
76561198023158086,Not Recommended,232090,19258511,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Ph0b0s,"Killing Floor is one of a few marvelous cooperative shooters where you and friends face off against waves of enemies. With a selection of different perks/classes and weaponry, up to six players can engage in some zed killing fun, and lord knows I spent quite some time playing 1 before I moved on to 2. Killing Floor 2 had from early access promised to be more of that, however as it stands I can't recomend this game to anyone.Still in early access, unfinished as I write this review, the updates have been progressing at a rate akin to watching a glacier melt.  While that could be overlooked, theres no overlooking its attempt to impliment a microtransaction system to the game before its even finished. Some would argue that the items gained from said microtransaction system are purely cosmetic and thus could be ignored. This is true, however, this ignores the fact that this system works off once again a lotterly similair to TF2, CS: GO, and now Payday2: a microtransaction system that is less convienent for players wanting to get cosmetics and more for Tripwire's profits.For those not familiar with this system: on occassion you will receive a ""loot crate"" (or ""blueprint"" in this case) that requires a ""key"".  The only means to get this key of course involves a fee using your real money.  Once said transaction takes place, key into crate, and *POOF* heres your reward: a completely random skin which can be one of three different qualities.  Don't like it? What a shame, but you do have some options which include selling the item or trading it with others for something you would better prefer. Of course, even in selling your items you can expect Tripwire to make a portion of the profit.  If it were simply an online store where individual items would be purchasable directly from Tripwire, without the potential for outragous inflation rates of a player-driven market or the sheer randomness of RNG loot, I doubt this would be much of an issue at all.The timing for this microtransaction system couldn't be any worse, in the wake of Payday2's Black Market update, making this course of action all the more questionable aside from its implimentation in early access. While I can't say the game itself is dead, I won't recomend this game to anyone until Tripwire's priorities of game development and profit are more clear.EDIT 5/4/16: The addition of PvP before even finishing all the game's planed perks and proper balances only further shows how tragicly half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Tripwire is treating this game. While KF2 still shows promise, we've seen more and more skins/cosmetic crates released than core content such as classes with fully functional weaponry. Stay clear for now until its fully released."
76561198047896055,Not Recommended,232090,19243902,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Caesar,RIP Killing Floor 2 2015-2015Death by Mircotransactions
76561198171737522,Not Recommended,232090,19313713,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,AscendedPupper,Game isn't finishedBut still has microtransactionsRIP Killing Floor
,Recommended,232090,29505670,Posted: 26 January,all,Nexiu,"It's like painting, but instead of a brush, you use a stream of gunfire to mow down hordes of zombies."
,Not Recommended,232090,26724828,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Randys950,"Killing Floor 2After initital release....I can finally give this title an accurate review.It's way more beautiful than its predecessor.  Game is gorgeous.  The blood effects are amazing...especially if the user enables the flex technology.Sadly...this game isn't as fun as the original.  Everything is so much faster, too fast.  The Zeds come out of nowhere and spawn so much closer than the first.  The game is graphically darker too....way more difficult to see your enemies.  During the action...there is so much going on in the screen at once.  Way too many effects from the health bubbles, the Scrake's chainsaw oddly glowing its too much figure out what's going on sometimes.   I went back and played the original not too long ago...and remembered how much more fun it was.6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,232090,19399343,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Jdjfusion,"This game keeps changing core mechanics of the killing floor games. This game just seems like it was made to milk the players money, even now with the annoucement of micro transactions, REALLY!?, the game is not even fully out and you want to charge players more money."
,Not Recommended,232090,19256641,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Senko.,"7 months in early access, only 2 actual updatesstill no full roster of perksonly a handfull of mapsLET'S ADD MICROTRANSACTIONS♥♥♥♥ off tripwire"
,Not Recommended,232090,19267242,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Hubert C. (✿◠‿◠)󠀡,6 months into wait for updates & chill and he gives you microtransactions♥♥♥♥♥
76561198065259686,Not Recommended,232090,23601203,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Spoopy Skeleton,Early access for over a year and not much has been added. I'm not expecting a finished release.
76561198040941810,Not Recommended,232090,23600195,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,NappingPlant,"Tripwire used to be beloved. KF1 was a fantastic game with devs that gave the impression that they were dedicated, smart, and all around good guys. So when they said, ""hey, we are going to release KF2 early access, have the whole thing done inside 6 months, and change the game based on player feedback,"" (paraphrased) I bought the game day one. That was back in April of 2015. Since then, the developers have either changed into or revealed themselves to always be dishonest, greedy, and straight up incompetent.The optimization is total garbage for a game that has been out for as long as it has, early access or no. Even adding all the perks the previous game had takes them major updates that are several months in between. The laundry list of negative changes is very long, the latest being outlandish zed resistances has the more invovled members of the community in a total uproar, and top developers have shown total disregard. They even went as far as adding cosmetic microtransactions before even finished basic features of the game.Tripwire does not care what you have to say, what you want, or what you think.I cannot overstate how strongly I suggest you take your money elsewhere. Really, you are investing in a poorly made game with bad developers behind it."
,Not Recommended,232090,23640502,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,LIKE A DAMN FIDDLE,"The developers seem completely removed from reality about this game, they created a wonderful engine in my opinion that was at one point very playable, and have done  nothing since but stupid gameplay decisions that have turned away fans from the series.Probably the biggest dissapointment this year, I would reccomend not to buy."
76561198052743399,Not Recommended,232090,22921228,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,BobDoleReigns,"Longtime KF1 fan, but this is not kf1... put simply its a cashgrab and development has been both slow and misguided. This game is not kf1 and unless a serious change of course it taken it does not even have the potential of kf1. Run for your life and take your money with you.Edit: I forgot to mention forum nazis"
76561198006922557,Not Recommended,232090,23553939,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Suzuya,"Decent game,♥♥♥♥♥♥community.Picked it up in Alpha and held off playing or buying it for new? good luck playing on anything but normal becuase you'll be kicked from most servers for not being level 25 or having spent $40 on micro-transaction cosmetics.Save yourself the cancer and just buy KF1 when it goes on sale, better players more well rounded game."
76561198035094378,Not Recommended,232090,23553897,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Mentlegen,"Empty promises and missed opportunities. That's what  you're buying when you purchase this game. TW has had some major restrucuting and a lackluster PR front of late, and the flow of updates (initially supposedly one every 2 weeks to a month) has slowed to a pathetic trickle. It's been out almost a year now, and we STILL don't have all the perks, or enough maps, or enough guns. It's fun for a dozen or two hours and it's a decent game. But it had the potential to be an amazing game. It's like if in skyrim the entire south of the map was blocked off and you didn't have access to magic or stealth. It's fun, but you won't sink 40,000 hours into it, savy?"
76561198082915043,Recommended,232090,35172825,Posted: 23 September,all,gameintruder💋,"i love this f*king game!  loads of fun!  especially with generous friends.  i never expected that, but i'm glad that i was proven wrong.  i highly recommend it."
76561198040085793,Recommended,232090,34765508,Posted: 5 September,all,Seek & Destroy,Awesome maps and weapons. Would recommend 10/10
76561198001357544,Not Recommended,232090,21346987,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,jester,Didn't change the last half a year or something I've been having this game.
76561198070162353,Not Recommended,232090,20015995,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,hades1260,"I loved the game. To be honest, one of the best I've played in quite a while. However, it sometimes spontaneously stops working. It will work one day and not the next, and that is absolutely infuriating. If tripwire would ever focus on these issues, I would give the game a very good review, but that is not the case. I bought it on the early access during the first day and it remains unreliable, and borderline unusable. PLEASE FIX.EDIT:Since the last time I reviewed, the problem I was having was fixed, and I was able to enjoy the game, which is really fun when it works. True, the content system with paid guns and merch is annoying and expensive, and should never have been added in early access, and the content is almost never updated, there aren't enough classes and after a while the maps get repetitive, but I can't help but still enjoy the gameplay. However, that doesn't mean that I can, with good conscience, recommend the game to someone who hasn't already got it, not in Early access, and with content updates being as slow as they are. When the updates (if ever) become more frequent, or they release the full version, I will change my review happily."
,Not Recommended,232090,19288248,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,アレクサンダー,"Good gameplay mechanics, but completely idiotic behaviour like introducing microtransaction BEFORE game full release. Plus constant earlier access to journalists and most useless people on the internet - lets players instead of giving content updates to people who payed their money to support this... development. Looks like lessons of pillars of eternity and payday 2 were pointless for whoever greenlight these idiotic microtransactions doesn't matter if they some ""tier 1"" paywall or tier 21 - paywall is a paywall. My interest in the game and its future dropped significantly after this. Sadly can't get a refund anymore."
,Not Recommended,232090,23599619,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,кот,Everything about this game is worse than the first.
,Recommended,232090,25134118,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,CalienteQuacker,"KF2 has been trough a bumpy Early Access but I feel like they are on the right track, we finally have a difinative release date, the game is as stable as ever (for me at least) and we only have one more perk to be released before the game leaves EA."
,Not Recommended,232090,23603732,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Honey Bunches of Oat,"Garbage game. garbage devs.They don't listen to the right players, pander to the wrong players, divert resources to stuff nobody cared about or wanted.They still haven't finished the game and are a long way from doing so.Every update breaks more than it fixes.Employees dropping like flies.Banning players on steam forums that point out their flaws.Deploying armies of shills with less than 3 hours of gameplay to rate their game highly in light of the recent wave of bad reviews.I might just quit killing floor altogether. I regret my purchase."
76561197971081622,Recommended,232090,15851987,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,=GzR=Fireman,"If you liked the original Killing Floor, you are gonna love Killing Floor 2. Makes KF1 look like an old Pong game!If you have never played Killing Floor at all, but are interested in a basically simple game with lots of hrs. of entertainment, then read on.Even though the game is in ""Early Access"", which means to me, an open public beta test, it is still a hoot to play. In the Early Access you only get 3 maps to play on, another to be released soon, and only a partial array of classes and perks but more than enough there to satisfy you. Tripwire is doing a great job in getting all the bugs worked out, for me there was none, and have the time to really develop the rest of the game. The FINAL release, total game package, will come in due course.Gameplay is similar to KF1. The BIG difference is Tripwire's attempt to keep you moving and NOT being able to just camp a spot or two and kill all the mindless ZEDS. I won't tell you how they are accomplishing this, I will let you find out on your own!AI with the Zeds is much more enhanced over the original KF game. These guys seem smarter than me... but that's not a real big leap for dead things! ;-)The BIG difference is in the graphical beauty of this game. Man, this thing looks awesome. Here, they get a 15 out of a score of 1-10! It will take more umph to run KF2 then it did with KF1 but you don't need a ""Latest and Greatest"" Gaming machine.So if you are looking for fun, excitement and simple game to play... this just might be the one for you."
,Not Recommended,232090,20044751,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Green Gunman,"In one word I will sum up what this game makes me feel: tired.I'm tired of TripWire's awful philosophy on balance.I'm tired of TripWire's awful level design.I'm tired of what TripWire expects their players to do to progress.I'm tired of waiting on TripWire to make good on their promises.I'm tired of TripWire.I will return to feel disappointed about the small content updates they will release that they expect us to grind out for a month straight even though it will only be about a weekend's amount of content.June 2016 EditWell well another update, another disappointment. The game's generally improved but TripWire hasn't. It's been half a year since my review and 2 or 3 maps have been added and the Sharpshooter and sniper rifles have FINALLY been added. While trying them out, I realized something: he's the same as every other class. No think about it, every class's purpose is to deal damage in their own special way. That sounds obvious I know but when you account that this super basic idea took HALF A YEAR to produce, it comes to show that TripWire's method of holding all this stuff (which isn't much to begin with) and trying to release them in these ""big"" content updates isn't working. Why take so long to make a class that is basically like the other classes when all it accomplishes is adding another 25 mind-numbing levels to grind out?Then I realized it's not the perk that's important, it's the weapons. The game NEEDS variety and the best way to obtain that is through weapons and maps. Characters add very little to gameplay (other than bosses) and the perks have changed little from merely being the carrot on the stick. Perks and weapons need to separated from each other. Shotguns are the Support weapons, assault rifles the Commando weapons ect. This forces the perks into a playstyle and restricts the weapons from the other classes. Sure another perk can pick up another perk's weapons but then you're gaining very little benefit from your perk. Weapons and perks need to serve their own purpose. A sharpshooter should be able to use a shotgun and still be able to do his job while gaining benefit from his perk. I've thought of a way this could work out. One way is that a perk interacts differently with every weapon. Let's say a sharpshooter picks up a shotgun then he would have access to slug ammunition or enhanced optics for any weapon he picks up, likewise a firebug would have tracer rounds for assault rifles that set enemies on fire that would spread through crowds. With this system, the perk's purpose is synchronizing with the weapon's purpose replacing the linear ""get the better x weapon"" progression every round goes through.Those are my thoughts on these content updates. I actually have a lot more to say about the game in general but trying to articulate them isn't worth the lack of attention it would get. When the SMG perk gets announced, think about how much you actually want the perk or the weapons. That's all I'm saying."
,Recommended,232090,34160895,Posted: 10 August,all,[SY]Sam,"I really tried to find something bad in this game .. i couldn'tThe game teach you how to play as a teamEspecially ""Hell On Earth"" .. if you tried to solo and ignore the team you will lose for sureIf you like Co-op Zombies games .. you will love this one for sure.GLHF :)"
76561198013673940,Not Recommended,232090,19244060,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,BastardFish ` ͟ل͜´,"""but our goal is to have KF2 out before the end of 2015""finishing the actual game is overrated, better introduce microtransactions and cosmetic DLC"
,Not Recommended,232090,19242549,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Retard,Who needs a finished product when you can just keep throwing money at it as is?
,Not Recommended,232090,19243558,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Kitty Kat Snypa!,Adding microtransactions and cosmetic DLC to an Early Access game is a joke. Thanks for the big middle finger you just gave all the people who supported Killing Floor 2.
,Not Recommended,232090,22331109,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Edryad,"Just play Killing Floor 1. It has more guns, better maps, better voice acting, better perk balance, better enemy mechanics, better meta, less bugs, no skin marketplace and better mods. And it just FEELS betterThis game has no soul. It honestly feels like I'm playing CoD. It's mindless and so fast that there's no time for tactical thinking. Fights are a cluster♥♥♥♥ and with Zed teleporting back in the game it's even worse than beforeBut if you want to keep holding out hope then I guess you should stay tuned until 2017 when they finally release all the perksEARLY ACCESS DONE RIGHT. YOU ASKED FOR THIS, NOW HERE IT ISE3 Edit: AHAHAHAHAHA! FULL RELEASE FALL 2016, NO SWAT OR MARTIAL ARTIST! IT'S JUST POETIC HOW BAD TRIPWIRE ISRealese Edit: No new guns. No new maps. Just one sad excuse of a ""new"" perk. What a complete joke of a release. I'm getting my $29.99 back. Hopefully the game gets good when they add some substance to it in 4 years. Until then I'm taking my money and running. I advise everyone else to do the same and stay far, far away."
,Not Recommended,232090,19312141,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,detc,"Despite still being in early access and far from a complete game, Tripwire has seen fit to add hats and microtransactions ala TF2. Until they complete the game, I can't recommend buying it as it's unclear whether or not they'll ever finish adding the promised content."
76561198000365424,Not Recommended,232090,23153733,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Rensin Redjaw,"I played the original Killing Floor for quite an extent... and expected this to be as good or even better.  I mean, it's a sequel, so there's got to be more content, right?I was so very wrong.  I bought this when it was in it's Alpha/Beta/Early Access, and expected a good developement path, right?  Well, initially the game didn't have much content, so it didn't have the draw to get me to play more than the hour I have on record---not like the original game.So I thought... ""Okay, well, given the history of those behind the game, I trust them to do well and load this with more stuff than the original!  Here's to hoping we get new enemies/maps!""Well, as of this review... that hasn't really happened.  Even worse?  This game is now ""Full release"" it seems.  Don't waste your money on this.  I'd say buy the old Killing Floor instead.  Or, save your money all together and don't enable a company/dev team that wants to milk your wallet for microtransactions when they haven't finished what they said they'd finish.In other words, learn from my mistake here.  Don't buy this crap.  Don't buy promises.  Don't support even ""proven"" devs until you know -exactly- what product you are buying.  I bought an unfinished game, and that's what I'm left with.EDIT:  Also, I flubbed up.  It appears the game is still in early access and -not- full release.  My mistake---I thought it'd be foolish to have payed DLC and microtransactions on an early access game (Because it is pretty dumb to add more charges to a game that doesn't have the core content finished), so I assumed that as well as it didn't initially appear to be an Early Access review upon writing this.However, until more content is actually added... this game still gets a hefty downvote from me.  Not worth the purchase."
,Not Recommended,232090,19374714,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Pope Platypus,"I wanted to believe you Tripwire. I wanted to believe you were one of the few devs that could keep an Early Access project engaging and exciting...and for a good chunk of the year, you did. I've sunk a lot of hours into this game, very fondly. Leveled up almost all of the perks at least halfway. Maxed out one, close to maxing out another - but enough's enough. The game as is is just, insufficient. Woefully incomplete - the foundation is amazing but you can't just paint over that a million times and expect everyone to♥♥♥♥♥♥themselves excitedly and give you all of their money.♥♥♥♥, now you wanna include microtransactions? Can you at least wait until the game's finished? No I guess not - gotta make a bunch of money somehow. Lotta sperglords in the higher difficulty level lobbies that'll love that cosmetic♥♥♥♥♥♥ I for one couldn't care less. You should have integrated full workshop support a long time ago, not just approving what MIGHT be available...and speaking of lobbies, no listen servers? No opportunities for friends to play on their own? That's not to disparage the community of this game, y'all are some funny, punctual sonsa♥♥♥♥♥es, with the exception of the aforementioned sperglords.So, for anyone who's debating whether or not to pick this game up, take it from someone who supported this game from day one - someone who's friends told him he was throwing away his money but didn't listen because the shooting mechanics are outrageously fun, the gore and giblets are literally mind blowing, the graphics are phenomenal, the music is stellar, the flow and pacing trumps the first, the maps are awesome and Hans is a hell of a boss ~ it isn't worth it. Not so long as Tripwire refuses to finish their game. You wanna know exactly how much they don't care? They released a patch for Red Orchestra 2, a game which for all intents and purposes is dead unless you and a few friends hop into a bot lobby before releasing more content for this game.The only reason I will continue to play is for my friends' sakes. We have fun, but we're not happy. Not in the slightest - and I don't think two more maps, one more perk and one more boss is going to change that. So, Tripwire, from the bottom of my heart please, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together and finish this game. It can't be that ♥♥♥♥ing hard, stop sucking the SJW teet for two minutes and remember you guys make VIDYA GAEMS first and foremost, okay? Okay."
,Not Recommended,232090,19346604,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,RageMojo,Another fantastic game ruined by greed and crate drops. 2015 the year two of my favorite developers became two devs i will never buy another product from ever again. Do not support this kind of behavoir or gaming will only continue to get worse.
,Not Recommended,232090,19263833,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Malkraz,Micro-transactions.
76561198003492643,Not Recommended,232090,22315808,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,VatelFak,"Revenge of the Zeds? Really?Takes forever to get an update with Tripwire, and when we get updates - it's♥♥♥♥♥♥like this..."
,Not Recommended,232090,19291056,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,eihei,game isnt even halfway finished and they're flaunting with FREE CONTENT PACKget f'ed
,Not Recommended,232090,19293464,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Happy Store,"It's difficult to recommend a game that isn't even finished yet, but still has microtransactions. Don't buy at least until the final version is out.(edit) I'm not saying that Killing Floor 2 is a bad game by any means. It's actually really fun. But it bothers me that the developers added microtransactions to the game before adding in more core content. If you want to buy the game right now, then go for it. But I'd recommend you wait at least until the final version comes out. With or without microtransactions."
76561197976820041,Not Recommended,232090,19269185,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Kire,"Killing Floor 2 has been the worst Early Access experience I have seen - and I have DayZ.  There has been terrible communication, and hardly any updates.  And now they are introducting microtransactions...WHILE THE GAME IS STILL IN EARLY ACCESS.  Do yourself a favor and pass on this."
,Not Recommended,232090,22262212,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Waldo,"The game is good, but the devs are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with how they handled everything related to releasing this game.Expect a content complete game sometime in 2022."
,Not Recommended,232090,19261876,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Nova,"http://killingfloor2.com/Zedconomy/This is all I have to show. Tripwire, you're going the route of every other team based shooter on steam. It's unoriginal and becoming a common habit to add in microtransactions to make more money off your already well selling game.On top of that, you're shutting down hard working authors on the workshop because you would rather steal their idea for yourself? Distasteful.This review isn't negative because it's a bad game. That's not true at all. I never liked the idea of microtransactions for in-game content."
,Recommended,232090,17197025,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,❖§tewaℜton❖,This game is a lot of fun. Graphics are nice and the combat is fun. You should get some friends to play with and coordinate with. Overall a solid 8 from me!
,Not Recommended,232090,23619437,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,^Pirate ^Sam,"Sadly, KF2 does not live up to it's predecessor's expectations."
,Not Recommended,232090,23080118,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,StarlightTH,"Buy Killing floor 1 rather with all the DLC then this.(On sale, all together should be somewhere 20€/$ at most, while this would by it self would be 20.)Killing floor 2 is rather disappointing for what it is.Yes it is in alpha, yes they are adding things  and updateing but the game will never be remarkble close as the first one.Reason beingTriwire disseded to go with the moddern way of making games: it is in alpha (what it will be for a long time), rather add microtransactions (and make moddels for it then the game), ""if you buy/have this game, you will get free stuff""(♥♥♥♥ you PAYDAY 2),glitches and bugs wich don't get fixed and boring gameplay.I've played so far 36 and I am a lvl 13 medic wich perk whise isn't as rewarding as the first game. You can choose the perks but they are♥♥♥♥♥♥ I am honestlly bored of it.Also the so called ""added"" two NEW enemys, the slasher and the cyst. It's the cloth remodeld ffs."
,Not Recommended,232090,23118408,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ashen_Light,"Warning Stay Away! This game is worth maybe $5.00............ gmae play is crap, maps suck...... nothing like the first one. If you have never played killing floor just go buy the first one."
,Not Recommended,232090,23558449,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,step the FUk up Kyle,by the time this game releases all the perks and weapons i'll be a grandfather to 12 children
,Not Recommended,232090,23193804,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Darth Zed,"Quit playing for a while, partially for Battleborn, mostly for other terrible reasons.First off, this game is not finished. In fact I'd only put it at around 70% done. And this is after like...2 years, when they originally planned to finish by the end of 2015.Here, have an example. The next perk to be released is supposed to be sharpsooter. A perk that was in the first game, so most of the conceptualizing groundwork was there. Not to mention the weapons were there as well, evidenced by the fact they released 2 of the perk weapons and they're carbon copies of the two fris ones from the first game. We were all waiting for the perk, thinking it shouldn't be too bad a wait for the above reasons.And it was months, like 5 I think, and what did they release? The above mentioned 2 weapons and a PvP mode ripped from Left4Dead that NO ONE knew about nor asked for. Apparently all that time developing ""sharpshooter"" was well spent...on some random whim they had rather than what the customers all wanted.But don't worry...I'm sure sharpshooter would be soon after...granted that was like 4 months ago now...But hey, looks like the devs are taking a cruise vacation? According to some guy I read? Makes sense, I mean santa also works one day a year and takes a 364 day vacation.This is what happens when a game adds REAL MONEY transactions into a game when it's barely half done. All the kiddies spend hundreds for shiny gold skins and suddenly the game's made thousands in profit, why even work on it anymore...I shun all of you who defended MT's. Enjoy your half-a-game, maybe it'll be done in time to play Half-Life 3. Assuming it's ever done..."
,Not Recommended,232090,23626083,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Crenchie,bad devs/10
,Recommended,232090,35390749,Posted: 1 October,all,Ressstyyyyy,DONT weld doors on Hell On Earth
,Not Recommended,232090,19244257,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Dreadlord Jaina,I knew Tripwire wanted some £££but not like thisno one wanted this
,Not Recommended,232090,19356127,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Vivi,Wait until the game it`s releasead with all its content. Microtransactions on a early access games with to much time between updates was an bad move by tripware.
76561198053709945,Not Recommended,232090,23525802,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,the,"I don't even know if completely new people are in charge of TWI now but the current direction kf2 is going in is completely awful""We see Early Access as an opportunity to involve you, the community, and actually incorporate your feedback as we balance and put the finishing touches on the game. For example, we know how to nail the feel of Killing Floor 2’s weapons, but perfect gameplay balance can only come from large scale play testing. ""the newest update is the complete opposite of what they said here. STAY AWAY"
,Not Recommended,232090,23522518,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Tom,incredibly slow development excuse after excuse for poor production rate of content. Thats not even touching on the disgusting practice of RNG cosmetics in an unfinished game.... I was taken for a ride on this one
,Not Recommended,232090,23605749,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Marvin,Every few months Tripwire deign to give us an update of their early access title while advertising it as a free content pack and demonstrating that the first Killing Floor was a fluke and that nobody on the development team understands what made it such a great game.
76561198013032393,Not Recommended,232090,26834294,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Paukku,"It's a good game except for:1. It has overpriced gamble-like cosmetic microtransacitions.2. Last perk was scrapped and instead we get a jack-of-all-trade perk, essentially (at least it makes it look like) devs decided they couldn't bother with making proper last perk and because release date was nearing they chose to come up with a perk that really doesn't take any extra effort.Other than that I like the game but I'm not going to recommend this game until they remove the gamble-like microstransactions.""Just one more game."""
76561197975183427,Not Recommended,232090,22437959,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,|A!mSuXx| Senfi,To start I have to say that I loved KF1 and was waiting excited for KF2Alas the bugs in the game and the overwritten settings after every single update is unacceptable.I am so ♥♥♥♥ing tired of adjusting the game settings every time they release an update (3 in the last 2 weeks) that I can NOT recommend this game.The developer just adds lame and technically uncorrect excuses to this problem......On top of this the developers added a microtransaction system in the game even before its finished.
,Not Recommended,232090,19271200,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Somewhat,Nope.
,Not Recommended,232090,23546785,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Lyrical Genocide,"Months and months have passed and a new update has come out and I couldn't care less. Instead of focusing on balancing gameplay mechanics and delivering new content in a reasonable time frame, Tripwire decided RNG Cosmetics and pvp were more important. I believe that initially this game was supposed to be Early Access done right and I believe that Tripwire intended on keeping that promise. However, Tripwire started to struggle fininancially and instead of being transparent and listening to the community, they censored those who criticised their game and antics. A year ago I would have recommended this game because it was in Early Access and that there would be more great things to come, but that justification doesn't cut it anymore. This game is circling the drain.UPDATETripwire has started development on a new occulus game called Killing Floor Incursion. I can say now with absolutely certainty that buying this game would be a terrible idea. The development has been limping and now it seems they're jumping ship to cash in on the VR market. Expect even slower updates.NoteThis game will have a high population as all games do with content updates. Especially on free weekends. So please take that into consideration."
,Not Recommended,232090,19440774,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Farbeyondwastedせんぱい,Game is good but MICRO TRANSACTIONS?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
76561198073075790,Not Recommended,232090,23657573,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Volke,"I love the series and have over 340 hours on the original Killing Floor, simply because my friends and I could enjoy it so much.I've reached a 10th of that playtime on this sequel, and just came back from a long hiatus after Sharpshooter came out.  What the hell is this?  Micro-transactions are being focused now?  I'm expecting a longer Alpha than Day Z for this one..."
76561198056835285,Not Recommended,232090,23645145,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Garam Orange,its♥♥♥♥♥
76561198043865358,Not Recommended,232090,23307195,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Watchmytail,i have owned this game from the moment it came out i enjoyed it alot and still do BUT i do not recommend this game you do not get your money worth out of this game the time they take to update is incredibly long the things they promised are put on hold for stuff we didnt even ask for or even want(micro transactions among other things)Ontop of that tripwire asked for reviews when the released early acces but if you give a even slightly negative one on the forums you are looking at a perma bans
,Not Recommended,232090,19248631,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Qlite,Gj tripwire in making the same mistake as overkill ♥♥♥♥ your early acces and microtransactions won't play again if i could get refund i would do that.
,Not Recommended,232090,19258501,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,element,"This game is a prime example of releasing a game in an alpha/beta state then just getting lazy. Killing floor 2 showed a lot of promise when it first got annouced and to be fair the game improved on a lot of things from Killing floor 1, like the graphics, sound effects, gore system, and the feel of the weapons all got improved. Killing floor 2 has a good base game but the problem is the lack of content and how slow content is getting released. One of the first big updates the did adding the firebug and demo they had the nerve to call it a ""Free content pack"". as if they are saying we already bought the full game and they are just adding stuff on for free. On top of all of this now they are adding tf2/csgo styled purchasable cosmetics. Is it a big issue? Probablly not, But when the game is lacking so much content and they try to prioritize microtransations over core content that just shows where Tripwire's priorities are."
,Not Recommended,232090,19345259,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Danish_Hole,"Scummy devs at the moment. Could be a great game if they screw off with the trading floor (marketplace for skins) until they actually finish the game with the promised perks and classes. What a joke, takes several months to push out a patch and when they do, the journalists get it first, not the community who paid for early access to test the freakin game and help make it a classic like KF1.Buy kf1, this game won't be finished for a while."
,Not Recommended,232090,26728144,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Se1337i,"Decent game, Just not a Killing Floor standard sequalReleased a year later then first expected releaseBalancing issues (Both PvP and PvE)MicrotransactionsStill not finished (Content previously discussed is not in game eg. Martial artist perk, Story mode)Say it with me kids!""Early Access done right"".~ Tripwire 2015"
,Recommended,232090,18178871,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Ka$hA£ot,"Gore, Guts & Metal.Hours and hours of joy.Highly addictive."
46489456494354648,Not Recommended,232090,23525230,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Sonichu,Very slow developement and poor direction.
,Not Recommended,232090,23692153,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Shawnecy,"A lot of people are going to write hate about the microtransaction system. There's a legit complaint there as Tripwire focused development resources on that system rather than gameplay content which was already beyond its promise date. My guess is that their hand was forced due to not having the necessary funds to complete development with the current rate of purchases being made, but they could've at least been honest with fans and customers who already purchased the game.Aside from all that, my real gripe was just how dumbed down the combat got. In KF1, thanks to subtle mechanics like mini-stuns and such, you could do some amazing strategic plays even by yourself or with few team mates left standing. In KF2, it's just point and click, do some damage, hope it dies before it reaches you. The biggest problem there being with the Berserker (read: melee) class. The weapons became homogenized, and are barely differentiated in a way to make clear tiers stand out among the different weapons. The same uninspired, homogenized type gameplay is only further reinforced by the maps and the boss (though the later re-added Patriarch may not suffer as much).As time went on, even before microtransactions, my weekly play time was dropping consistently until one day I realized I hadn't played in over a month. The game's fun factor just wasn't there for me like KF1. I was looking forward to coming back to it when new content was released, but that's been so little so often, I'm barely bothered to even do more than glancing at patch notes anymore.With the announcement of everything else Tripwire is now spending development resources on, I'm left with even less hope that this game will reach the glory of its predecessor. This is not the same Tripwire that developed KF1, and it shows not only in their business decisions, but far more importantly in the drab and lackluster gameplay in KF2.Bottom line, while the game may look fun from the trailers, it's a level of enjoyment that wears thin fast and leaves you with unfinished content. You'll be left waiting for balance and more emergent game mechanics to arrive with new patches only to find that it never comes.If you're really eager to try this game out, at least wait for it to leave Early Access such that you understand what the game really has to offer. Because right now, what it does offer is woefully short of what's promised, leaves a bit to be desired, and how much better it may ever be is a question that no one knows the answer to, likely not even Tripwire themselves."
,Not Recommended,232090,23622466,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,FranckyFox2468,I still don't get how this got ♥♥♥♥ing micro-transactions when its on early acess (in other words they take the tf2 key/crate system and the game is not even ♥♥♥♥ing finished).
76561198051112349,Not Recommended,232090,23563787,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Mighty Annihilator,"If you are searching for a team-based PvE experience of fighting hordes of enemies... You can go and buy KF1.Killing Floor 2 is a pale shadow of Killing Floor 1, and although it looked like things would improve when it went Early Access, time showed that things only got worse with dubious design decision and introduction of microtransactions before the gameplay itself was half-finished."
,Not Recommended,232090,23544766,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Lestat13,"Every day this game gets worse, and by every day I mean ever 8 months."
,Not Recommended,232090,23308830,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Kreddi,With the way TWI have been treating the game -as well as the playerbase- I wouldm't be able to tell my friends to get this game and not feel bad about it.It's odd that the game felt more thought-out and complete 4 updates ago.
76561198026153395,Not Recommended,232090,23563031,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,chickenarise,Developers take forever to update this game.  Laggy mess of a game...I would hate to play on Hell on Earth with the zed teleportation.
,Not Recommended,232090,23552472,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,pelvKeaux!,"""we didnt finish this game yet so instead lets focus on developing more games ayy oaml"" - tripwire"
,Not Recommended,232090,23345388,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,KONG [D..R>F>],"After release: doesnt have any features that KF1 had, (sandbox,mutators,talking zeds,fun,people who talk,FUN,♥♥♥♥IN MUTATORS) its just a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game is a reskinned kf1 with less of everything. Its♥♥♥♥♥♥  Despite having about 1 million copies sold sales, it struggling to even hold 3k players shows how boring and♥♥♥♥♥♥it truely isEDIT: a year after release like 3 new maps and 4 weapons, i dont know and dont care thats how much it makes me want to play. Also microtransactions in a dead♥♥♥♥♥coop game. GENIUSF   U  C  K   YOU TRIPWIREPre Release: After maxing out all my perks, wtf is there left to do? Instead of unlocking cosmetic items for playing (payday 2-ish) you have to pay for them. Would recommend when microtransactions are gone and the game doesn't bore me to depression. SUCH A DISAPPOINTMENT. DEAD BEFORE ARRIVAL, I WANT REFUND."
,Recommended,232090,32916273,Posted: 27 June,all,Sgt.BKK💰,So much BLOOD!!
,Not Recommended,232090,19409776,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,MoarAsianThanU,I was having lots of fun until they announced paid DLC before the core game is even finished.Those goddamn idiots.
,Not Recommended,232090,19302249,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,crazyjaydon,"Microtransactions in an unfinished Early Access game, coming soon in a later update."
,Not Recommended,232090,19321549,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,I N T E R R O.,"I thoroughly enjoyed the original Killing Floor and, truthfully, enjoy Killing Floor 2 as well yet I can't recommend purchasing the game in its current state. Content updates have been incredibly sparse, with only two major additions coming since the game released in late April, but worst of all is how Tripwire is set to include microtransactions and, eventually, DLC before more content is published. I bought KF2 on day 1, so it's disheartening and frustrating to see how little the game has progressed half a year later."
,Not Recommended,232090,19385055,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,SlowScan,"Had I written this review even a month or so ago, it would have been an overwhelmingly positive review. The graphics are beautiful. The gunplay is beautiful. The melee is fantastic. It isn't finished in that it still needs more content like maps, weapons, and classes, but all around, it is a very polished game and I love playing it, so why the negative review?Tripwire has opted to add microtransactions to the mix. Microtransactions have absolutely no place in a paid game. I was slightly okay with the DLC added to KF1 because it was added after the game was considered finished and they also added in a lot of free content after the fact as well such as new maps and weapons. Right now, there are not nearly enough weapons, levels, or classes to consider this a finished game, of which even the developers admit because the game is still is in Early Access. Adding paid content to an unfinished game that we already paid money for is not acceptable under any circumstances. It doesn't matter that it's cosmetic."
,Recommended,232090,27522894,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ryan,Fun!
,Not Recommended,232090,23756873,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mounting Dread,"Don't even bother until release. This game has, so far, no redeeming qualities in comparison to the first one in order to make it the superior game. Update cycles are the slowest of any game I've ever seen (except for abandoned games), and the devs clearly have no idea what to do with the game. They keep pushing useless additions and updates (microtransactions, VS mode), taking up dev time that should've been spent improving and adding on to the game, as they originally promised. This review is written ~6 months after the game was supposed to be released, and it is nowhere near finished."
,Not Recommended,232090,23646419,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Killroy,"The developers have refused to listen to the community. Instead they prefer to mute and delete the words of the masses.Game had a lot of promiss a year ago...but now....If you can get the game to work, you may enjoy it as did I. But eventually an update will come out, be it free or paid, and it will ruin the exsperience for months till the developers decide to hear the crys of the community. Even then it will no be resolved.Microtransactions, much like the system in another game (CSGO) was added to the game well before the game had been finished. Had the game been finished before the release of this form in game market, it would have been a good idea. As is, it is still unfinished. It will never be unfinished simply because that would open the Developers to criticism for making so many dumb mistakes for a finished product.Now that I am off my soap box.Pros.- Nice weapon variety.-Class system is dynamic each has pros and cons, gives game balance.- All the nice things from the first KF are still there.-Pretty.-Nice gore effects.-Monster/Zed variety is there.-Boss variety-Maps are well done.Cons.-Game going down hill.-Bugs, bugs bugs.-Game community is dying.Now, the pro list apears to be longer than the Cons, this is true. However its not because the pros are overwhelming, but a large majorty of the good from the previous game is still there. Just not as well implemented.I recomend if you still want this game, after reading this reviews or others. Wait for a free weekend. As I said the community is dying and the game is advaible for free weekends on almost a monthly bases."
,Not Recommended,232090,23506846,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Munchkin,"I love this game alot, i`ll keep it short:Pros:Game is awwsome!Cons:Game Developers sucksGame probably wont be updated as much as they promisedIt might be worth buying, you can see lots of people who say this game sucks play it like a drug, but we hate what it has turned into. So depressing."
76561198014946574,Not Recommended,232090,23555245,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Tormound,I would avoid this game until they either remove the resistence system or change it because it is trash right now. The current system right now forces you to know a staggering amount of statistics to know what guns are weak against which zeds. They also make no sense either with weak zeds having arbitrary resistences to weapons that were really good to use against them.
76561197969422761,Not Recommended,232090,23568061,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Sidewinder,"An unfinished, unbalanced mess. Was waiting for sharpshooter, hoping it would turn things around, but it only made things worse with a terrible resistance buff for every enemy, basically making every single one a damage sponge. There is no excuse for content updates being this slow, and completely ruining the balance at the same time. PVP mode no one asked for is terrible too."
,Not Recommended,232090,22922989,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Scottypoo,"Tripwire went from a small game studio of passionate developers to the greedy aholes that rarely ever released an update, released microtransactions during early access, banning people that dared to object to the development path of the game from the steam forums. Keep in mind this game has been in early access since December 2014.For the love of god, do not purchase this ""early access"". And F you tripwire."
,Not Recommended,232090,20343760,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,☂Mawiois,"First of all I love this game and will keep playing it, but don't you go and buy it. Yet. It will be a solid game 14 years from now, but at the moment there's a huge lack of content. Content which is coming out every 3,5 months.It mostly works and is usually fun, but...Not all classes are in. The classes that are in aren't balanced at all. There's not enough weak enemy spawns. Strong enemies are bullet sponges, and there's not enough bullets. One of the two bosses is very badly balanced. Not enough maps. Not enough guns. Difficulty levels aren't well thought out."
,Not Recommended,232090,23615022,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,mego950,"I couldn't believe how garbage this game was after I bought it.  Had refunds been a thing at the time, I would've gotten my money back.It's almost baffling how long it has taken them to introduce more content (that was already existent in the previous game) and introduce it so poorly along side awful balance changes and what not.  We are past a full year after release and the game doesn't even have all the classes that were promised BEFORE release.  I won't even mention them shoehorning in microtransactions into a paid game before it's even done; which is heinous regardless of the game.Tripwire's post to the community on their forums are also terrible, but I won't indulge in any details (feel free to read yourself).  To top it all off, the ""recent"" updates have all been awful balance changes that didn't exist in the first game and are mostly just filler content that doesn't add anything to the base game in any beneficial way.They have a good engine and the game looks really nice, maybe if Tripwire stopped being incompetent for a little while and actually worked on making good content (AND FINISHING THE CLASSES) I would come back to this game and play it as much as I played the first Killing Floor.I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,232090,23613839,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,cKy Stew,"Unethical behaviour from Devs, anti-consumer practices in-game."
,Not Recommended,232090,23665421,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Esteban Julio Ricardo Montoya,"As a massive fan of the first game, I bought Killing Floor 2 the very first day it was released. Ever since then, development has been nothing but dissapointment and practically a joke. The developers Completely ignore player feedback and do whatever they want, usually making things even worse instead of any better. They censor people who talk negatively about the game, they take months to update the game in even the slightest way, and they've broken probably half a dozen promises they made about the game since release. Overall Tripwire Interactive has shown they are not competent developers and KF2 is picking up where KF1 left off as it got older, as an obvious cash grab and nothing else. But this time the gameplay meta and mechanics of the game aren't nearly as good or as fun. It's enjoyable here and there if you enjoyed the first game, but for the most part it's a shell of it's former glory being created by an incompetent developer. Avoid this game unless you're a die-hard killing floor 1 fan and are okay with a worse game with better graphics."
,Not Recommended,232090,23723500,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Saika55,"I thought I was good at killing things, with many hours in KF1 and a few more in KF2 I have killed countless numbers of things, but damn Tripwire, way to outclass me by killing your entire game."
,Not Recommended,232090,23545409,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,TheMizl,"Read the below reviews for more indepth analysis, but i will say this: KF1 was a simple game that worked amazingly well. KF2 manged to♥♥♥♥♥♥it all up in one fell swoop. aside from pretty graphics there is nothing that KF2 does better than KF1. If you're thinking of buying this, dont. Buy KF1"
76561197999979605,Not Recommended,232090,23545992,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,CptStickyBuns,"Its really sad seeing this game towards the money hungry BS side... Trying to charge people money for minor cosmetics? I can understand a farm system within the games, as in rewards for completions... but to get people to spend $10 on a hat? or a change in their gun appearance? KF.. i know your better than this... KF1 was so amazing, and i was in love with KF2 when it first came out... but now... wtf?Other than that, the game play is fun, A little challenging compared to number 1, due to no corners, its a constant move and shoot, no safe points.. fun with friends.. but not the greatest with random party's... *like any online games.. gotta sift through the poison players."
,Not Recommended,232090,23733524,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,FreeKill,"I liked this game a while ago, but after watching what happened to community and dev relationships, I can't recomend it."
,Not Recommended,232090,23567764,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Timbrewolf,"Completely ruined by recent rebalances to the game.  In order to crowbar in a L4D style Vs mode all classes were savagely nerfed.  Tripwire has ruined the reason I bought this game (fun co-op!) in order to create space for a gameplay mode that has never existed in Killing Floor before and nobody could've conceivably bought this game in order to play (competitive modes).It's a hard right turn into territory Killing Floor has never been, and in my opinion has never belonged.It's a genre leap I can only hope the majority of fans were asking for, but based on all the reactions I'm seeing from other gamers that's doubtful."
,Not Recommended,232090,23715789,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Tawmaws,Please stop.
,Recommended,232090,17465096,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Lucifer,"I've been a fan of KF1 and it has always been a great stress reliever for me. Putting over 500+hrs of gameplay on my previous steam account, my opinion on KF2 is this.PROS:-You actually have to stick as a team! (The more people that join, the harder it is to take on FlashPounds and Scrakes.)-The music is alot more enjoyable than KF1 and you have the option to add vocals to it.-People are alot easier to talk to in KF2 also, which is easier to make friends.-Characters are more appealing and do plenty of commentary.-Character Customization is added so everyone doesn't look the same.-Has Workshop!-The higher the difficulty the better the zeds are at pursuing you and using different techniques to kill you. (For example, the husk will unleash a large flamethrowing attack in sucidal+. And the clots will really chase the hell outta you as you turn up the diff making this game alot more thrilling)-Great graphics and animations that make this game really awesome! (pressing R when your mag is full does a variety of animations)-Being updated with great♥♥♥♥♥♥CONS:-Early Access so you're limited on weapons, maps, and perks.-People will still pull the ""Wielding Doors To Get To The Trader"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t-A lil expensive for an Early Access.The Conclusion:Alot better than the first one, dispite the lack off weapons, maps, and perks due to Early Access.Should be a little cheaper until they improve more on it, but other than that I really dig this game.If you buy it, be patient and remember that you can always help the creators improve the game viahttps://www.facebook.com/tripwireinteractive-Cheers"
,Not Recommended,232090,19242882,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Miles Spineless,"Game introduces microtransactions that are PAID before completing the core content necessary to exit early access and launch.The team also took 7 months to add 2 perks / classes and 3 new maps.Basically, with the added paid microtransactions while still in EAccess, this game is now pure cancer.UPDATE:They cant stop ♥♥♥♥ing up, they just replaced the last perk that was supposed to be martial arts / scientist with a extremly boring perk that just uses other existing perks without new weapons.The game got released today and Im really really dissapointed, i played alot of Kf1 and i have been around since launch of early access and the game just doesnt live up to Kf1 and im usually the person that hates the people crying about how much better the first game was and dont even give the sequel  a chance,i did give KF2 a chance, a big one and i invested alot of time but Tripwire changed like Overkill did and many other companies and this game is just not worth more than 10 euros at max. if you loved Kf1 and dont know if you should get kf2 or not, please dont. Tripwire does not deserve your money."
,Not Recommended,232090,19296169,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Digby.exe,insert DOSH hereCredits:Producer: pcsoldierCo-Producer: Baddamobs
,Not Recommended,232090,21628930,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Damuel,"Rewritten since last review was very early in early access.Has the game gotten better? Yes. And a big NO.They've taken ages to add content and while the game is currently in a decent state they put out microtransactions ala TF2/CSGO crates which is IMO the worst thing to happen to gaming. The game is STILL IN EARLY ACCESS, and they put in microtransactions and put items exclusively behind it before finishing the game.The game is fun, but the developers are absolute pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Buy it if you really want it, but just try to get it on sale at least to give the developers as little money as possible."
76561198153778487,Recommended,232090,26563686,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,RaζX3r,"So, what can I say about Killing Floor 2?I´ve bought this game without having looked at any video or forum thread nor have I played the previous game KF1. The decision was just based on my fascination with zombies in general.I tried out games like No More Room in Hell, Left for dead, Read Dead Redemption: Undead nightmare and the Call of Duty zombie stuff...so after considering that there are so many games of that genre out there, is Killing Floor 2 worth buying?My answer is a confident yes, if your pc manages to run the game on a high graphical level everything is very appealing and enjoyable. The detailed maps are just awesome and there´snot even one!I don´t like.Im also a huge fan of the different perks (classes) because there´s literally everything you might want to try out. You wanna slash zeds like warninja? No problem! Give the berserker a go!You like doing some aim practice head shot action? Play gunslinger,the McCree of KF. I think you got what I mean by now..A last point before I end this is to give u an impression of the community. In my opinion KF2 has definitely one of the better communities out there, if you are used to CSGO or Moba games you will be suprised how friendly online gamers can be ;)"
,Not Recommended,232090,19313109,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Inaniman,"They're calling updates ""content packs"" before they have even finished the game to sweeten us up for when they add microtransactions only so they can claim that they are being so generous to us by giving us all thjis ""free"" content. Sounds very much like another online multiplayer co-op game that is currently shreading its community.About the actual game though:Gore is goodGuns feel fun, but there is not enough of themFirst-Person animations are greatMovement speed is still painfuilly slowThird-Person sprinting animation is super goofy because of thisIf you need to play it, play it with friends."
,Not Recommended,232090,19340250,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,OPSW,"It was a great game, now it crashes at launch. And dont get me wrong with the MT's it's in early access for Christ's sake."
,Not Recommended,232090,19346425,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Elder Steel,Microtransactions? ♥♥♥♥ off m9
,Not Recommended,232090,19291435,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Lycemia,Liked the game till they introduced micro transactions
76561198063717040,Recommended,232090,19524344,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,twitch.tv/1mprovise,"8 perks/classes,alot of maps,weapons and unlimited possibilities.I love this game despite people bashing on it and it's devs.Why should i write a negative review if i'm enjoying the game?Yes,it has some flaws but the core gameplay hasn't changed.Still fun!7/7"
76561197962881831,Recommended,232090,15586372,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,=ShoX= Draxthos,Awesome game and music is fantastic.Most buy if you like first game10/10
,Not Recommended,232090,22764397,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Blank,"People : We want the rest of the perks!TWI : We just released a new ♥♥♥♥♥♥ versus mode!In all seriousness though, if you're thinking about buying this game, just don't. Maybe when it goes on a sale. I'd say 7€ max, and i'm being too generous."
,Not Recommended,232090,23299968,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Spoopy Spooples,"mt's + not listening to the community + banning people with reasonable opinions that were civil with their opinion = kf2This game was okay at launch, little content however everyone who bought in knew that and they stated they would add new maps as time went on, as time went on, less and less maps were being released, then we got the Zedconomy update which brought in MTs in an early access title that already had little content to begin with, right after Overkill's horrific attempt at MTs themselves, to probably try to hide the update behind the ♥♥♥♥♥torm of PD2.It was okay since they were purely cosmetics, but time went on where mods would ban anyone who had a differenting opinion towards it.edit: review was changed to remove it was an Overkill thing to do, since at least Overkill fixed their mistake."
,Not Recommended,232090,22905595,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Trump Girl,"♥♥♥♥♥updates, game breaking bugs, microtransactions, zeds teleporting in front of you, developers censor anyone who doesn't bow down and praise the game. run now while you can. run far away from this game.░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█░░░░░░░░▀▀▄ ░KF2░░░░ ▄▐▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░"
,Recommended,232090,16092354,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,cpl. Fyzinsky,"Six bloody pikeys interfere with two scientists' work.P.S. THOSE ARE ZEDS, NOT ZOMBIES"
,Recommended,232090,29739306,Posted: 6 February,all,GP-5,"Killing Floor 2 : A short review that became a bit long.First off, if anyone is wondering the game totally lives up to it's predecessor the one and only original Killing Floor we all know and love. The major change is the amazing gun play, the weapons feel realistic and do the ammount damage you'd expect from a certain caliber and they handle like how you'd think. From the peashooter AR-15 to the AA-12 that'll kick 'em in the head all guns still feel useful and semi-powerful. The visible change that is very noticeable is of course the graphics, Killing Floor 2 look beautiful and you don't need a NASA supercomputer to run the game either! A decent graphics card and a 2nd gen I-7 still does it at 60 fps on high settings, of course if you want the best graphics and you want to spoil yourself like the PC master race 2nd coming of Jesus you are I'd suggest getting a NVIDIA graphics card (Or if you already have one, good job you.) Personally I have a GTX 980 (MSI) you can enable special physics for blood. Now this might seem as something silly ""Oh physics for blood? In other games blood dissapears after like 4 seconds. Why would I want extra physics for something stupid like blood for 4 seconds?"" But no, in Killing Floor 2 you're like a professional painter, a Picasso.. With Zed blood instead of paint, the blood of deceased Zeds stay on the map, you start off with a clean(ish) map and the further you get into the match, the more rounds you survive you'll see that the map is turned into modern art. The walls, the floors, the f*cking ceiling... Blood is everywhere. If you play the game on high(er) settings Zeds will also explode into magnificent gibs; a bit of brain, the intestines and so on.There is also Zed time, you remember the amazing slowmo's in the first Killing Floor where you felt like you were Neo from the Matrix? Well that has returned but 83% more epic (percentages may vary). Everything that is red, mainly the artwork you created with the blood of Zeds but also red camouflage on your weapons or the red jacket your character is wearing or Mr. Fosters patriotic Union Jack GP-5 gasmask lights up, while all the other colors fade to grey.Furthermore the perk system feels balanced yet really good. It's worth the grinding, being rewarded by getting getting XP and rewarding you more by giving you special abilities per 5 levels of your perk such as ; 50 extra HP or just simply more damage for perk weapons and faster reload times and many more! And for the love of god use the weapons for your perk! Don't go running around with beserker weapons as a commando or field medic.That's about the end for my short review turned long. If I haven't convinced you to treat yourself on a fun game or to give tripwire a pat on the shoulder for yet again making a wonderful game then I don't know what will."
76561198087485000,Not Recommended,232090,22328904,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Ali,This game went down hell.GREED
,Not Recommended,232090,19319312,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,A Ghastly Ghost,"Don't expect Tripwire to listen to the community, and don't expect frequent updates. The game may be labeled as ""Early-Access"" but that's clearly not how Tripwire sees it. They treat it like it's fully released. Updates aren't called that, they're ""free content packs."" Balancing is all kinds of messed up, you go months without updates and the content gets stale fast. Adding microtransactions to the game sealed the deal that it's not early access to them, so if they're treating it like a fully released game, you should too.I owned the first game. I loved the first game. This game, though? It's a dropped ball that's still falling. They don't care about feedback or testing, they just want the money. They fooled me into giving them some, don't let them fool you as well."
,Not Recommended,232090,22271152,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Rawsome83,"""We're gonna do early access right""   -   3/10"
,Not Recommended,232090,19268045,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Dicky B,"microtransactions, 2 content updatesm 7 months"
,Not Recommended,232090,19306489,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,IImayneII,"I bought into the Early Access because I liked Killing floor 1. But now, 6 months later, with barely any content updates or descent patches I already wished I never bought into the EA. They even announced a gambling system like the csgo crates (supposedly) for skins only, I am sorry, but I just don't believe any company that says it will be cosmetics only, specially when they add a note saying they can add about anything they want to it later on (yes, not only just cosmetics). If this update happened while the game was more fleshed out I maybe would have been more forgiving, but as it stands, adding microtransactions to an EA that had barely any updates over half a year feels like a cashgrab and I won't support companies like this.If you want this game, wait it out until it's released so you know what you get."
,Not Recommended,232090,26737828,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Yonyomi 🐾,"Refunded as soon as it got out of EA. Tripwire went the wrong way, the ""I want to be like CS:GO"" way, and ended up with..this.It is fun, at first. Then you play the same maps, again, and again, and again. Then you change difficulty, same thing, same maps, but now the zeds heads are bullet sponges.Lack of content would be the main reason I stopped playing this. Of course, it's EA, it is a phase where they work on that but, they didn't. Intstead they:Added microtransactions. Skins, specifically. Ugly skins, moslty, more specifically. +2 euros to open one crate, to get battle scarred skins.Added a PvP mode we didn't need, nor ask for. Which none of my KF friends really play, and they play this game a lot.Out of nowhere, they decided to develop a console version, in case the content development wasn't slow enough already.So instead of getting us the story mode, or the martial artist perk, or some other things we asked or they promised, they got us that♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't get me wrong, I am not against having cool skins, but they could bring good looking skins, or even animated skins, like H1Z1 did, but not when you are supposed to improve the core gameplay and bring more stuff to play with.Yes, there are good things in it, no fps drops, mostly stable builds, original and well made weapon models..but if they had invested all the time they spent making that crappy PvP mode or the skins in improving the core foookin gameplay..this game would be completely different.Just get KF1 instead during a sale and enjoy all those maps and dlc content cause this is just a good looking KF1 wannabe. At least these skins are not as ugly as in Payday 2, guess thats a pro."
,Not Recommended,232090,19307013,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Kerma,"The game announced microtransactions before adding in classes that were promised a long time agoThere are going to be paid weapons, hats, weapon skins, and other things before maps and gameplay content are addedAnother triumph of early access.Are the graphics good? YesIs the gameplay fine? YesIs what's there worth the price? NoWill this game be good when it comes out of early acess? In the way things are going, probably not.Stay away and save your money. Seriously not worth your time right now. Maybe when this game gets enough updates in a hundred years it'll be worth your money (assuming literally every single thing is not DLC). By then starbound might be good too."
,Recommended,232090,15593952,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,☆ Mikaela,"When this game came out. I bought it and it wasn't disappointed.My first question that I have played this game.""This is really Early Access ?""This game it's awesome!About soundtrack and graphic it so epic in 4.6 GB. I don't thought it's possible. But it's possible!Graphic so beautiful.Soundtrack very excited. (If you want to buy DLC, yes it's worth.)This game is still in the original. Like KF1.-----------------------------------------------In KF2 I thought it have more time to go to Trader pod.Beautiful character,can put gear on character.Weapons in a perk it's so cool! Seem like it's can be real. I really like Medic weapons its have a blue neon in each one.Healer and Welder are so amazing! I like capsule of Healer. And I like Welder when it weld the door. If a door broken it's not respawn like KF1.Boss-Hans I thought he cheater! Hard to kill. If you got good teammate or you have a good skill, yeah you can kill him.Cyst,Clot,Slasher,Crawler so Bloodcurdling!Stalker, is she learnt Kung fu? lolSiren, very horrifying.-----------------------------------------------But i don't like something.Why Katana don't be in Berserker Perk?Medic SMG gun seem it's don't make any damage, lolI guess. KF2 need everythings to be real."
76561198007203923,Not Recommended,232090,23608029,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Hizze,"Even if it is in early access, KF1 was still better than this crap"
,Not Recommended,232090,23626096,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,JoshuaC,I wish I could get a refund.
,Recommended,232090,31197575,Posted: 17 April,all,Joe,Money money money !>Hey mister money bags i guess drinks are on you tonight.>Helps everybody buy weapons and ammo.>Wave begins.>Got killed by 3 Scrakes.>Wave ends.>Nobody helps to buy armor and ammo.>Server ADM stole my AA12.>Ask him to give me back.>Got kicked out of the Server.Best team work ever !
,Not Recommended,232090,23548844,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,J-Bomb,I now have ahigh resistanceto playing Killing Floor 2.
,Recommended,232090,30723807,Posted: 25 March,all,"Wynnda, Miko of the Gusta","Best zombie hunting/co-op experience I've gotten in a game.  Was a little on edge and didn't really try it out because of the bad hype generated from super early access, so never really gave it the time of day... that is until a free weekend and 50% off came along [p.sure they knew what they were doing ;)] low and behold I finally try it out and it's.... just... incredibly good.Gunplay feels very good, the weapons feel and act powerful, there's no hitscans here, so you have to lead your shot, and in slow motion, seeing the bullet tracers hit the target and totally dominate them is so satisfying.Game is HEAVILY teambased, you can share your money and weapons with the team, if they go down there's no reviving... they're out til the next round. Coordination is key, having people assigned to watch certain areas, and calling out bigger enemies so your focus can shift is needed in order to tackle larger foes.There's nine totally unique classes, and one sort of jack-of-all-trades master of none class, that play all very nicely and different from eachother, though you can buy weapons that other classes can use, they won't be as strong without the accompanying perks.If you're looking for a game to kill time, definitely recommend this one, I may shelf l4d2 after this, it definitely beats out the call of duty zombie mode, and what's more the developers release their content updates for free; only thing you can buy in game are cosmetics, and, all of them except the absolute highest tier all drop in game, you get 1 drop a day and all the stuff from crates (again, barring the exception of pristine gear) drops for free(and you can sell on steam market, always a plus.)! At the price tag of $20 for the digital deluxe it's a deal you can't pass up if you're at all interested in the genre; I haven't even touched the surface of how varied and strategical/strong the enemy types are... It's something you gotta experience."
,Recommended,232090,35099472,Posted: 21 September,all,ArchieExamZ,"DOSH MONEY MONEY MONEYOne of the best coop survival shooter ever madePros+Addictive, fun and sometimes challenging game+Sexy graphics, look at the blood+Gud Optimization+Custom Map support(Steam Workshop)+Weapon animations are very detailed(Each weapon is motion captured)+Enemies actually become harder and has different dodging animations on higher difficulties+Each character has good sense of humor(Classic Matterson FTW)+Game scales enemy number and healt based on the amount of players+DOSH+Free content updatesNeutral(Can be Positive/Negative based on you)+/-The voice acting is slightly meh compared to KF1+/-Buyable cosmetics and weapon skinsCons-Slow updates-Zeds spawns are kinda unfair especially when you kite around the mapOverall this game is truly a must for every steam library, an underrated gem for sureI give this game 9/10Dosh grab it while it's hot"
,Not Recommended,232090,19265256,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,proud kebab,LOL ♥♥♥♥ you and your ♥♥♥♥ing usb sticks ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198032998120,Not Recommended,232090,19264390,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,dartusf,"This is a good Game but since they introduce their micro transaction i just can say ( Are you kidding me ? ) . We pay for the game , everything should be in the game even if its cosmetic part.Instead of losing time on cosmetic and useless♥♥♥♥♥♥, why  dont you finish this game that is supposed to be finish since septembre"
,Not Recommended,232090,19263890,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Krombopulos Michael,"wonderful that a game gets microtransactions while still in early access, great priorities from a great company. thankfully because of the absolute lack of content I didnt get enough hours in this game to void my chances of a refund."
,Not Recommended,232090,19319689,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,ChainsawPukingEtherKitten,"TWI have gone off the deep-end.They went from being bros who play matches with their community to greedy children. The game isn't out and they are touting their ""FREE****"" updates during early access while rolling out a  microtransaction loot crate model."
,Not Recommended,232090,19371856,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,エリ,"NOTE: I have played and bought the original Killing Floor around its time of initial release.-One major content update since it was released as Early Access back in April 21st, 2015.-Last content update was back in August, which was ~3 months ago in writing of this review. That same update is advertised as a ""free content pack"".-TWI claims the game will be out of early access and will also be on PS4 before the end of 2015.-Microtransactions akin to CS:GO/PAYDAY 2 before they released any content (Perks/Maps).Early Access done right (lol)"
,Not Recommended,232090,19381206,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,xingped,Stupid slow on updates. Dev doesn't listen to community at all. Adding microtransactions before even releasing a complete game! Done. Done. Done. Do not trust this published ever again. Stay away from this game. It's boring and unoriginal and no better or different than the original game. In fact it's probably worse. Just don't play this game. Don't waste your money.
,Recommended,232090,17865763,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Richard Dangles,"Extremely polished game, excellent gun play, and amazing gore! Definately worth a buy at full price!"
,Not Recommended,232090,23554917,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,eulogy,"The microtransactions in this game are ridiculous. There is no feasible way to earn cosmetic items by just playing. And this isn't a F2P game so it's even harder to justify the ludicrous prices.Also, their future VR Killing Floor game is going to be Occulus exclusive. ♥♥♥♥ that - it's a peripheral, a device just like my monitor. If they required you to have a Facebook monitor in order to play, wouldn't you tell them to ♥♥♥♥ off?"
76561198067116068,Not Recommended,232090,23525511,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,The Dirty Donkey,"""Early access done right"""
,Not Recommended,232090,19349758,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,☣Jäger☣,"I have begun to feel as if this Early Access title was just a waste of my time and money at this point. The game launched with some of the available classes and content which was to be expected at first. Now it feels as if they are running out of money to keep developing the title and so are trying to squeeze as much as they can out of their fan base. This will only turn the community away from this game and once its finally finished it will be yet another empty title in which nobody plays. I would have preferred to have seen more than the content we received before the ""Cosmetic"" items were released. Just because I can buy a flashy gun doesnt keep the game fun. Sorry Tripwire but you have lost me so far."
76561197995204363,Not Recommended,232090,19293402,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Ishima‽,"Tripwire interactive have proven over the course of the developement of this game, that they really do not care about actually developing their game. They also do not care about their customers or are willing to listen to what is that we want.Slow developement with dissapointingly dysfunctional content, when we do eventually get it, very little if any hotfixing or patches.And now they're working on ways of getting more money out of us, before the game's even finished.Do yourself a favour and stay away from this game and stay away from future games developed by TWI."
,Not Recommended,232090,19282939,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,plus*,"KF2 goes like the PAYDAY2.Yes, microtransaction. RIP Tripwire.Edit: 04/08/16Map added! still Early Access!Achievements added!! still Early Access!!Perk added!!! still Early Access!!!added PvP mode!!!! still Early Access!!!!♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Y O U"
76561198033114058,Not Recommended,232090,23611005,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,WolfOfTheNorth,Still loving this game but adding visible boss health bars and players icons so you know where the other players are ruins the feeling of tension kf 2 had for me. Hopes that these changes get's rewoked or put only for normal difficulty or i can see myself stop playing this game
76561198015196671,Not Recommended,232090,22749979,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Planet-Zen,"Fun at first, but then complete meh.Early Access for over a year with no end in sight...  KF1 was way better and addictive.  Don't get me wrong, the graphics and gore in this game are amazing!  However, it just falls shorts on everything else.  Save yourself the money and wait until its on sale, because this game will never be finished and their updates are just more cash grabs without actually finishing the game.  Lack of good fun weapons for ♥♥♥♥♥♥ classes to play as.Never buy a Early Access game again. Thanks KF2."
,Not Recommended,232090,22747690,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Teoria Nanaya,"Mindlessly bought this game because im a big fan of the first one, day one purchase and they told us to be completed by the end of the year we are in May and still incomplete wtf they are adding stupid modes, features before even completing the perks and i wont say the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t about micro transactions i think a lot of others have done that already.Second time i have bought a game in EA and last time, both games  dissapointed me.Still ♥♥♥♥ing waiting for sharpshooter, a perk to add bonus dmg the katana(dragon) and a year where they buff demolilions...Played KF1 for over 400hrs, this one? i dont even have 50 in it..."
76561198018605792,Not Recommended,232090,22748070,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Popcorn-n-chips,"""Early access"""
,Recommended,232090,15573381,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Northman,This time with dosh physics.
,Not Recommended,232090,19258500,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Sir Dick Drizzle,tfw you exceeded the 2 hour refund limit.
,Not Recommended,232090,19304538,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Rick J19ζ7,Remember when one of the studio leads at TW said in a statement that Call of Duty ruined a generation of gamers and followed that by making a game years later and deciding to put microtransactions in an unfinished early access title?Pepperidge Farm Remembers.You'd think they would have learnt from OVERKILLS mistakes on that last bit there.
,Not Recommended,232090,19379863,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Moinky,A great example of why you should never buy early access games.
,Not Recommended,232090,21843996,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Mustached Star: Betrayl Upgrade,"Honestly, the game is overall great. Cinematic quality effects, a large choice of weapondry, vast amounts of enemies. Oh, and perhaps slo-mo kills while in multiplayer that fits well. Overall, I enjoy it, i've been able to play with each of the six classes so far in to get a feeling of them, and how they are independent and have their own important roles. I've only found one little issue with the game... Well, it's not so little, its game breaking, and I mean literally! The game has some serious compatibility issues, and usually take a few months to have ironed out. For example, right now it is sayingSteam is required to play this game,but as soon as I press okay, it closes. I've looked for ways to solve this for hours, and the only one(which is not fully confirmed) is to reinstall steam itself, which has hundreds of gigabytes of information. I know you may think I am over reacting and such, but I've also had another time when I was unable to play for about relatively 3 months due to my little steam icon turning green and then blue again, without launching it. Once again, I also looked for hours for a solution, all of which that failed.Basicly, if you want to buy the game, it's a great game except for the more ingame purchases reflecting counter-strike and the fact that you may not be able to launch it, and the issue won't be patched for a few months."
,Not Recommended,232090,23618126,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,mantoe,"Had high hopes, but Tripwire has consistently dissapointed with every update.  I don't know what happened, but it seems like the entire studio forgot how to make video games."
,Not Recommended,232090,23616837,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,CreativeInstinct,The ignorance on the side of the game developers is mind-boggling. I won't bother with their bad and slow updates anymore. Call me when it's out of early access - or when TWI finally went bankrupt.
,Not Recommended,232090,23740927,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,sploof,"I want to, but I can't. The core shooty/gore part of the gameplay is fantastic, but almost every other system built on that solid foundation is an overdesigned unfun cluster♥♥♥♥.And it isn't getting any better. Every update has been more disappointing than the last. Winners don't Early Access, kids."
,Not Recommended,232090,23622342,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Mr. Moon,"This game was once one of my favorites. being able to feel the nostalgia of the first game with some new stuff on the table. I loved this game, it was so much fun and rewarding being able to be usefull for a team or even just being a part of one. everything was fine, some needed nerfs and new things untill the faithful day of the bulls-eye update where they neutered all classes except the op sharpshooter while they sat there counting money taking away the fun of the game. most of the class are now replaced with sharpshooter making many of the other classes obselete, zerker was once a powerful class that may have needed nerfs but now has trouble taking out a single fleshpound, firbug is now useless, he doesnt have that trash eating characteristics it was suppose to have, commando made it into weaker dumbdowned version when it was perfectly fine in the first place. this game was one beautiful but now its just spoil the sharpshooter while we make everything else not worth playinguntill they decide to fix everything i think im done with this game, thanks for caring about community tripwire we trusted you"
76561197989419441,Not Recommended,232090,23653004,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Kankers,"The concept is great. The delivery is not.Me and my friends loved Killing Floor 1 and played it a fair bit long ago, and we decided to try the second installment as well now.However:I can't party up with my friends, start a private lobby and play with only my friends. Not in a simple way at least.When we do party up and search for a game, the online matchmaking isn't working. That means we have to search for games manually in the server browser. Almost all games are full. The ones who aren't are password locked. The few servers available to us gives us a failed download prompt when we try to join them.In other words, we can't just get into the game quick and with ease. It's too much of a hassle to play with my friends which result in us just abandoning the game instead.Fix it."
,Not Recommended,232090,23657986,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,MicroPastry,"The game is like that feeling you get when the chef brings you a raw steak, you see the potential but you really shouldn't be eating it before it's done."
,Not Recommended,232090,23549307,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,masterxxassassin,"It could've been so much better, tripwire screwed it up by prioritising money over making a decent game for the consumer"
,Not Recommended,232090,23553941,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,brolly5678,Tripwire is lending itself to the exclusivity of the oculus rift and ignoring the people who first bought their game for pocket change instead
76561198049006079,Recommended,232090,15575638,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,ParksAndWreck,"Killing Floor 2 is a more complete and addictive game than the original, and thats saying a lot because Killing Floor was amazing and lasted and stayed awesome for ten years. better multiplayer, improved and more realistic shooting, improved player progression, more guns and meele weapons, and the incredible slowmotion is back and twice as good as the old game's. was it worth the ten year wait? Yes, it was. did i mention that this game is only in beta too? if you liked killing floor then trust me this is worth the $30. 10/10 would buy again"
,Not Recommended,232090,23553295,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,BinarySanity,"Added micro-transactions into the game while still in early access. Barely any content updates and every update makes the game worse. Just play the first one.UPDATE 28/08/16: Recent update made the game a lot better, if they carry on like this I'll change my review. However at this current time I still recommend people play the first or buy KF2 when discounted."
,Not Recommended,232090,23609745,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,STOOGEN,"Game is alright but it gets repetative super quick, you fight the same bosses over and over again with little variance if at all, and the weapon selection is lackluster to put it nicely. Not to mention that this has the same problem many games of the style do, increased difficulty comes increased health bars rather than numbers of enemies leading to a surge of bullet sponges that absorb a silly amount of bullets.Fun with friends, not worth the asking price imo."
,Not Recommended,232090,19242340,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Pippers,"What started as a fun game and sequel to the much loved Killing Floor, promptly turned into quite the blunder of an early access title.While it was fun for a while with what it had, the developers have decided to already add a microtransaction shop to the game (Think cases in CS:GO, Crates in TF2 and the whole ongoing Payday 2 debacle) whilst the core content is still seriously unfinished and lacking.It wouldn't be as much of a problem if it wasn't stuck onto a game still in early access without most of it's content, such as maps, weapons and the iconic Killing Floor classes, but to suddenly slap it onto the game is a decision I can't agree with."
,Not Recommended,232090,19244853,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,FetchingToaster,"Two content updates in and TWI is already implementing a microtransaction system for cosmetic and gameplay-altering items down the line. They are extremely behind schedule for the full release and they are already diverting manpower to milking our cash. This is not what we were promised when the game was first released to early access, and chances are it won't leave early access until 2017.In short: Stay far away."
,Not Recommended,232090,21031333,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Cosmic,Didn't work for me and I'm not going to jump through 100 hoops to get a game to run for me.
,Recommended,232090,33456913,Posted: 11 July,all,Total.Beppone,"Ladies and Gentlemen,here you can see a great example of a sequel done right. Everything that made the first one good was improved.We've got nice graphics with some of the greatest gore effects ever.The gameplay was improved. Zombies now get beamed near you, so no more run and hide...You can run without selecting the knife!Maps are funny and sceneries differ much from each other. You can see Zombie guts flying in an apocalyptic version of Paris, Doom-like mad scientist labs or a bunker in the middle of an ice desert for example. I'd say there is a map for every flavour. ^^There is really nothing bad I could say about this game besides that system requirements are pretty high if you want full gore effects (and they are NVIDIA only). But that's all... Buy this game and blow off some steam! :)"
,Recommended,232090,27233156,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,IIIBIGBOSSIII,"The hours I've put into the game speak for itself. The experience the game offers is well-polished and very enjoyable for any gun fanatic (the attention to detail is amongst the best FPS out there regarding the gun-play). Although repetitive by nature, the gameplay itself is very addictive.However, this game still has so much potential - at times it feels like the developers have only scratched the surface of what is to come. Here's hoping for the best of futures for Killing Floor 2.Would I recommend this game... absolutely!Does one need to do some research regarding said title before purchasing and see if said title might be something they would enjoy... absolutely!This game gets the ""We've Only Scratched The Surface"" award."
76561198011273655,Not Recommended,232090,19267693,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Captian Autismo,Microtransactions before game is finished
,Not Recommended,232090,19268806,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Captain Coconut,"I regret so much having purchased this game. I bought it early on, to play with friends.At first, I had a blast. But then I realized the game just didn't have much content, and dropped it, to wait for updates.I thought it was OK, since it was early access. But after many months with barely any significant updates, I started to lose faith it could even be good eventually.Then came the final nail on the coffin, when Tripwire added PAID MICROTRANSACTIONS to an UNFINISHED, PAID, EARLY ACCESS GAME.Instead of focusing on the developing the content the game obviously lacks, they are just trying to milk whatever they can from their players before people realize this game is going nowhere. This game is simply not good enough right now, and the way Tripwire is handling it, it's not gonna get better anytime soon.Do yourself a favor, and stay away from this one."
76561198107577521,Not Recommended,232090,19856823,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,RealHumanDog,"I find it rather boring. Sure, the graphics are swell - but theres hardly any strategy beyond 'stick together' and 'get better weapons'. There was slightly less tedium early on - when you could go Rambo - but thats gone now because the updates all but wiped out crates and guns (aka incentives) to run around the map solo.The lack of strategy though is the real killer. Its just a dumb, by the numbers game - with over the top graphics. Add to this, what seems to be to my perception, the increased teleportation of Zeds after the update, removes even the slim vestiges of strategy that were left.Just checked that corner? Check again - its full of Zeds now!Annoying. And boring."
76561198019572384,Not Recommended,232090,26724518,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,[DoH]Heartstopper,"Update 3:  Was finally able to put in a refund request to wash my hands of this mess.  They are still heavily censoring their forums to this day, and the last ""class"" they released was a complete joke just so they could say they released the 10 they originally promised.  Never again will I spend my money on early access.Update 2:  According to the recent live stream,  they only guarantee support until the end of next year unless they make more money.  There's so much wrong with this I don't even know where to start.  It just blows my mind that they have a date like that when the game isn't even out of Early Access yet.Update: TWI is now lying not only about unbanning everyone(not even close)but also about how many were banned in the first place while trying to pass the buck to steam global moderators. Integrity obviously means nothing to these people.The moderation on the steam forums is out of control.  People are getting warnings and bans left and right for almost no reason at all just because they aren't praising the game.  It's like Overkill 2.0.  Threads concerned with the direction of the game are constantly disappearing.  Yoshiro is actually stalking people by following them to other websites, and using conduct there as grounds to ban them on Steam.  What the hell?Early Access is no excuse for treating your paying customers like garbage.This is all on top of a gambling crate system introduced more than 7 months after the initial release of the game, having ridiculously slow development, losing staff, major balance problems, screwing up the development cycle even more by adding a PvP mode that nobody asked for just so they could push their stupid MT skins, adding a ""game conductor"" which nobody asked for,  the ""flex"" feature they were so proud of that still isn't working properly...so much for planning to release last year.  At the rate they are going the game will be obsolete by the time it's finished.Edited for spelling/grammar"
,Not Recommended,232090,23644741,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Jimbodavidson,"That's it. I'm never getting another Early Access title. Ever.When a friend expressed concerns that it was Early Access I literally said ""It's Tripwire. They're not gonna ♥♥♥♥ it up.""They ♥♥♥♥ed it up.Guess I'm eating my words now.I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ happened at Tripwire, but get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together."
,Not Recommended,232090,22302484,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Zealous ᕙ( ︡’︡益’︠)ง,game is ♥♥♥♥ing awful go play KF1 it's better.
,Not Recommended,232090,23568241,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,sandraker_∞,"How do you mess up this badly?All you had to do was remake Killing Floor 1 and balance it a bit and update the engine. I'd have been happy to pay for that. Instead I got this abortion of a game that feels like Activision saw Killing Floor 1 and tried to copy it with a dev team consisting of five people, non of whom speak the same language."
76561198018687695,Not Recommended,232090,23605644,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Davexv,"Overall, the game is still fun. Having said that, I feel disappointment by Tripwire and the state that the game is in. I enjoyed the first game so much I purchased the special edition early release of KF2 at full price the second it was available. Since, we've seen broken or imbalanced perks, a small selection of maps, some of which are community-made, and updates are several months apart, bringing a scarce amount of new content. This is frustrating because instead of developing and completing the game, Tripwire felt it was necessary to focus on a PS4 and VR port and an microeconomy. Fix the game for your loyal fans."
,Recommended,232090,30933189,Posted: 3 April,all,Liquid Mantis,"Killing Floor has come a long way from the summer of 2009 and like Payday i was there from the beginning, gripped after playing the Free Weekend. I HAD to play more, the combat felt visceral and up close. The ZEDs felt creepier and the weapons crashed and boomed and they felt absolutely solid for the most part ESPECIALLY the support weapons.Will you find a similar experience with Killing Floor 2? and more importantly is Killing Floor 2 really worth your time? Back in 2009, there wasn't a over saturation of survival mode shooters in the fps genre and they had only really started being a thing with Left 4 Dead and Gears of War 2. I'm going to play it straight, if you don't enjoy Horde Mode then you aren't going to enjoy this game. Regardless of if the gunplay is great, you are not going to enjoy the same formula over and over again unless you play through other difficulties like Suicidal or Hell on Earth.While there is a large amount of class variety, KF2 fails to really expand on the original KF1 perk system. Yes, you can change up builds whenever you want however with the way the metagame is at the moment it really isn't true freedom with certain classes as you're more often than not forced to pick certain builds and stick to them religiously for higher difficulties and there isn't much reason to go outside that as the perk trees are extremely limited being at least 2 columns while other games are absolutely insane with the ways you can customize or specialize your classes. (Like Warframe for Instance.) Do not even try to argue with me and say that the Neutral Perk class is some sort of answer to my prayers because it isn't it's basically a jack of all trades and master of none class, which immediately gimps it on Higher Difficulties. It doesn't even provide any sort of class skill variety either, Disappointing.The enemies are one of the greatest strengths of this game, while ZEDs more often than not acted the same as they did on all difficulties with minor tweaks to statistics or anti-exploitation methods in Killing Floor 1, Killing Floor 2 goes straight to 11 if you decide to play on HOE, all of the previously walking or marching Clots,Cysts,Gorefasts,Stalkers and Crawlers are suddenly sprinting and scrambling to get you, the Husk has a new flamethrower attack that brutalizes anyone that gets close and a suicide explosion that instantly kills any players that are unlucky to get near it, the Gorefast is actually a fairly nasty enemy to fight if you get cornered on low health, The Scrake and Fleshpound require different approaches to fight. It actually makes things really intense on certain maps as your reloads barely manage to keep up with how fast you're being attacked from multiple fronts. It really puts more emphasis on having as wide of a variety of class skills within a team as possible as each has their own strengths to clear trash or larger enemies. There are multiple boss fights in the game, One being a Gas Grenade throwing black sun tattooed nazi called Hans Volter that whines on and on about how he's going to kill you and another being an upgraded patriarch with a series of really nasty attacks and surprises in comparison to his original appearance in killing floor 1. Both are fun but i feel as if Hans is the weaker link here. Instead of having 3 syringes like the patriarch, he relies on lifestealing people 3 times and on HOE it can be a nasty situation as you come out of that with very little health. He's more like the original patriarch than the upgraded, which has a couple of nasty attacks if you're playing on a harder difficulty and if you are attempting certain strategies.The Maps for the most part are actually pretty good looking in comparison to Killing Floor 1 with interesting mechanics behind them sometimes to mix it up a bit. The settings could use a bit of spicing up to be honest.I'l recommend it, even Microtransactions and questionable design decisions aside Killing Floor 2 at it's core is a fun enough game to recommend even though in my opinion it has a bit to go."
76561197964856261,Not Recommended,232090,19360411,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Big Boss,"They went and added a real money cosmetics shop before the game is even finished instead of adding actual content like the missing classes and more maps to play on. This was the straw that broke the camels back, last game I will buy from Tripwire Interactive or early access in general. Hope you guys are proud."
,Not Recommended,232090,21737112,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,TxCForever,"What would you get if you removed everything that made the original KF stand out except the basic concept? Well, probably something really close to KF2. If I didn't know better I would think that a different team altogether came to develop the sequel since so much of the formula that made the first game such an enjoyable experience is missing from here. It's like someone came out of nowhere, saw a couple of videos of gameplay on Youtube and decide to ""improve""it for the sequel.And on paper the changes to seem to be for the better, but for a seasoned KF almost all of them made the experience worse. ""Let's make the maps smaller, removing any chance of teammates losing each other and Zeds picking them one by one. Let's add a sprint buttont, removing any sense of danger since now you can basically outrun even the worst of enemies. Let's add more levels on the skill tree, even though you get a perk only every five levels. This way we give the impression of deeper rpg elements, even though nothing changed at all. Let's add perks like everyone else, and while we are at it, let's make most of them useless.The worst part is that they changed the mechanics so much but they barely added anything new for old KF players. With a few exceptions, all classes have basically the same range of weapons as the first game. I played mainly as support for more than a hundred hours on the original so making the transition and seeing again the same weapons was really dissappointing for me. The monsters are basically the same. With more details on their design yes, but there aren't any new monsters.At this point, the only reason of getting KF2 is for the visual upgrade. The game is pretty good looking and with all the options enabled, the on screen carnage is impressive, but still this is not enough.I know it seems that I'm bashing the game really hard, but it's not because it's a bad title. For the new players, it's still a fun little title that can provide countless hours of entertainment. But I doubt it will please most of the veterans of the original Killing Floor. Same/similar weapons, small maps that look more fitting on a CoD game, sprint button that removes almost all sense of danger, uninteresting level up system and perks...The only hope I have is that the game is still in early access. Maybe the final product will have bigger maps, more weapons, and improved mechanics. But as it is now, I can't recommend it to old players. And seeing the servers quite empty I'm not the only one having the same opinions."
,Not Recommended,232090,26561048,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Zodiac,"Paid gameplay altering DLC during Early Access(Actual brand new weapons which meant they needed the animation team, SFX team, programmers, and modelers to create and then sold as DLC instead of putting it in the EARLY ACCESS release), spent development time and money on creating a microtransaction based marketplace then spent more development time & money on creating paid cosmetics that can only be obtained through crates.Completely scrapped one of their original perks for a ""new"" perk so that they could make the ""10 perks on release"" promise they made. This new perk doesn't get any unique weapons, perk talents, or even a unique perk knife like all other 9 perks got. Said new perk is literally just every other perks talents and passives at 15%-25% effectiveness with nothing new, Probably took about 2 hours to create since it is nothing but lines of code and a 250x250 perk picture and a day to balance.If you can pick the game up for $5-$10 I'd say go for it, otherwise it's just not worth it. So much of what they did during early access should have been post-release content (Microtransactions, crates, PAID DLC WEAPON PACKS)"
76561197996721415,Not Recommended,232090,19429304,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Chicken Skin Duffle Bag,"I will start by saying the game is fun. But buying it nearly 8 months after its release I expected more content. The updates seem grim aswell, adding new classes and nerfing the old ones."
,Not Recommended,232090,19259100,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Sandi✔,"""You know what we should do instead of finishing our nowhere near complete game?Add microtransactions.""-TWI"
,Not Recommended,232090,19465115,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Disparu,"Little content, slow lazy devs. Hardly any communication with the community and keep saying that finishing the damn game is ""free DLC"" like we should be grateful for what we've already paid for. Then before they are anywhere NEAR finishing the game they release microtransactions. Pathetic.Stay well away unless you want to be a walking wallet and like getting taken advantage of."
,Not Recommended,232090,19343741,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,conductor we have a problem,Bought this game because I wanted to play a good co-op zombie game with friends that wasn't L4D2. Now I hear there will be microtransactions in an unfinished game. Cannot reccomend for anyone to buy this until that goes away. Will change my thoughts if this is ever resolved.
76561197997240693,Not Recommended,232090,19313753,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,DrongoTheBongo,"The game is just like the first one, but with better graphics. I saw nothing new worth metioning. Gameplay is the same, the feel is the same.... But the announcemen of micros is just silly. I know other games do it too, but those games are finished and most of them are free to play. I expect when I pay upfront for something to gt a finished product at least, not half way down to get ""Now you can give us more money"".Finish the game and then do micros"
,Not Recommended,232090,19292638,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Payody,"Even before the game is released tripwire already made me regret my purchase. before i thought they would do what they did before, just release a dlc for a skin here or there but nope, their greediness manages to pass my imagination.Such a shame."
,Not Recommended,232090,19327207,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Young_Gangrel,"I played the First Killing Floor and I loved it, it was a gritty, grimmy journey into the pits of scum filled bogs, buildings and labs to slay threats that were slowly overwhelming humanity in the UK. I LOVED IT, the action was intense, the rush of slowly climbing up to Suicidal and then Hell on Earth with a team of hard core players was pure bliss and as the first BIG purchase for Steam I made (The game that made me get steam) for sale for $10 it was every bit an amazing trip that made me respect and follow its creators.So when KF2 came out in Early access did I get it HELL YES, was it enjoyable HELL YES, did I make a group of friends that enjoyed classy banter whilst blasting bits of infected gobs and staining our shoes HELL TO THE YES ONCE MORE.............THEN TRIPWIRE PULLS THIS STUNT.Three other reviewers wrote my feelings in very nicely.****I wouldn't mind paid for weapons - As long as they're reasonably priced and clearly specified in content.I do mind random gambles and price hiked second hand sales due to artificial rarity, since that creates unreasonable prices and exploit players into paying more (Grind for a free drop or spend money to ""unlock"" one of the crates you've already gotten). People stop playing for 'fun' and start grinding for boxes and unlocks.Random drops can ♥♥♥♥ right off. I don't mind paying for specific cosmetics, guns or even maps. I believe strongly in paying for what you use - Which is why I take particular issue with a system where you pay for things you might not even want (This gamble system) or pay excessive prices due to artificial rarity (A rare digital item is a completely alien concept, considering that data is infinitely replicatable).The very idea that whales and addicts are supposed to subsidize my fun is disgusting.****""There's no such thing as a gambling addiction, there's nothing inherently wrong with gambling addictions. Profiting off gambling addictions is a-ok and customer-friendly. Driving up sales by exploiting the insecurity of teenagers isn't unethical business at all.""""We're Tripwire Interactive, and we really, really like money.""******3/4 of a year later and rather slow development TWI reveals that they already want to add microtransactions without even having the game finished.Seriously...Tripwire...I respected you guys so much, you fueled hours after hours of amazing gameplay and actually got me most of my friendship list on Steam....HELL I was starting a Youtube channel to show off your games...Im sorry Tripwire...I cannot in good will give you a positive score for."
76561198027279342,Not Recommended,232090,19291068,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Picolino,"another Early Access Tale, and Tripwire calls updates ~free content pack~. The game is fun, but little content and no real promisses of a release date"
,Not Recommended,232090,19258227,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Icepick UK,"I absolutely loved the original killing floor, please dont buy this game. It has absolutely no content, the devs arent keeping any of their promises and now they've announced microtransactions. Just another contribution to the current cancerous state of the gaming industry"
76561197993328638,Not Recommended,232090,19321341,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,The Governor,"Played Killing Floor and Killing Floor 2 quite a bit. I'd like to play more Killing Floor 2, once they've finished the game. Announcing paid DLC AND microtransactions for a game not even finished is disappointing. They need to put more brain power behind completing this game for final release. Having said that, even if/when it is finished, with paid DLC and mircrotransactions, I won't recommend this. Besides that absolute nonsense, it is a lot of fun."
,Not Recommended,232090,19387581,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Bender,Microtransactions? Hell no! *booting Killing Floor 1*
,Not Recommended,232090,23564263,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,wat.ww,TELL ME LIES TELL ME SWEET LITTLE LIES
76561197970004695,Not Recommended,232090,23566559,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Hovis,"It's all right for a bit, but it's not the game it's trying to be."
76561198106290494,Not Recommended,232090,23194039,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Squarebox64,microtransactions
76561198056402005,Not Recommended,232090,19306844,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Sman,microtransactions in a early access game...........
,Not Recommended,232090,23660841,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,BAWB.BAGET,Can only be played in bursts of 2-3 matches before it gets boring.
,Not Recommended,232090,23626354,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,ndragon798,Game is garbage compared to the first one and there is no improvement in sight. With the addition of the resistance system everything is a 3 shot headshot to kill. The game is currently unplayable in this state.
,Not Recommended,232090,19418595,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Cab🎃raX™,You've got to be kidding me with this microtransaction bull$hit.
76561198025359524,Not Recommended,232090,19263504,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Myst King,Microtransactions in a full priced and early access game.Weapons that are straight upgrades from owning unrelated games.Content gated behind following the steam group.A bad start.
,Not Recommended,232090,19258600,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,SnakeSneaking,same as payday 2 .....all game with 2 IN ITS NAME HAS microTRANSASSTIONS
,Not Recommended,232090,19325031,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Nanostrike,"Adding microtransactions while still in Early Access?A questionable dev decision at best.Adding microtransactions while in Early Access before most of the core game content is even done?These devs have lost their way and are 110% in it for the money.  It's getting sadly obvious at this point that KF1 was done because they wanted to make it and loved the game.  KF2 is being made because their other games bombed and they need money badly.All this while they're throwing advertisements for the game out on Hulu, Youtube, and some TV channels.  And still calling themselves an ""Indie developer"" and pretending that the big mean gamers are picking on them.This game is a prime example of the cancer that is killing the gaming industry.  At its full release, we're seeing tons of broken promises, cut content, censorship on the forums, and poor game balance."
76561198002987799,Not Recommended,232090,19307182,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,WAcow,"I was a Killing Floor 1 fan, that's why when early access version of Killing Floor 2 came out and I made purchase immediately.However, current game companies/developers seem to have a habbit to take Early access launch as a OFFICIAL RELEASE, rather than mere support of fans. and EARLY ACCESS is becoming an excuse of ""Guys, I know the game is lack of fun/function/stability, but it's just early access, right?""Comparing to the ""OLD-TIME"", when Game Realse meant to be a well polished, optimised Version 1.01, We now have Day-1 10G patch, we have early access, we have 15+ DLCs, we have pay2win...but they are not the problems of KF2 here.There is commercial feature in a commercial software like KF2, I can understand, however the criticism on KF2 is not solely about Micro-transaction, it is about users PRE-PAID for a finished GAME/PRODUCT, but the company re-allocated their fund raised, human resource, and time into a barbecue stand to sell you ""game theme sausage"", rather than to reach the purpose that the pre-paid money was meant for: To finish the game.So no, I am not supporting a company that use early access as a chance to raise capital, but never released a decisive, progressive update in 2-3 months, .  I am not supporting a early access game to sell DLCs and not focusing on finalise the product. I don't like the game has a new charging system and I was not informed before my purchase. And I don't like that I have to buy another game I DON'T WANT BUY to unlock the best weapon of berserk class in KF2.Please don't support this game, or they will start to charge for mods not for long."
,Not Recommended,232090,23147315,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,SaltheSicilian,"They have ruined the game with this recent update. microtransactions, bad servers, laggy game play that allows you to get stuck on any little object. I am UNINSTALLING this garbage!"
,Not Recommended,232090,23698562,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Little Boy,"Resistance update is garbage, just like these developers"
,Recommended,232090,15607577,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Wurielle,"Once you press ""Play"", everything around you feels divided by zero.Your body is stuck in an infinite loop of pleasure and your mind experiences the sensation of fire embracing ice with an intensity that only gods know.You can't go back. Why would you go back ?You'll realize that there is no escape. But it is too late.When your soul will fade from existence, you'll whisper to yourself:""It's beautiful""."
,Recommended,232090,15501922,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,ooMIGIToo,"Coming from the first Killing Floor this game look, feels, and plays completely different. And it is only in beta AND I LOVE IT! The zeds look fantastic, the new skills are fun and make gameplay more dynamic, visual this game is candy, and BLOOD! SO MUCH BLOOD! Definitely worth the DO$H!Will review in detail when the game comes out of EA."
,Recommended,232090,15532779,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,SupermanDan,"If you loved the first Killing Floor this is a must buy currently this is in early access with only 4 of the 10 perks playable (commando, support, berserker, and field medic) 3 playable maps (outpost, biotics lab, and burning paris) and a new boss Hans. The game is a very polished beta of whats to come as more content is added and would recommend it to anyone that loves zombie horde mode games and has some friends to play with!"
76561198080353387,Not Recommended,232090,23538448,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Better dead then red,"I would love to say this is a good game... i really would. ""early acsess done right"" my♥♥♥♥♥Tripwire stated they would constantly keep us updated on the development process and would try to stick the the dates they had listed. instead they delayed development to add a layer of micro transaction for cosmetics {I.E. cs:go crate system} and then partnered with nidivia for other things as well. they added stupid ristances to some zeds that nobody asked for and nobody wanted. it was so bad to the point where a crawler could survive a shotgun blast to the face. (im not joking or exagerating that happend i think they lessend it a bit but it is still there)But in all honesty if you can get past all that its an ok game, but as of now i dont reccomend it. I voiced my oppinion aobut the resistances and a few other things i found. unsavory. and was temporarily banned from the discusion board without warning or reason.in the state the game is right now and how the devs and going aobut controling everything i cant say its a good buy. spend your money else where. and when the game is better this review will change"
,Not Recommended,232090,22334360,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Flamingo Twist,"Not sure what it is... its something about the way that they released early access so that you could play it during its development, but they are still trying to sell you stuff in game before they've even finished the stuff that they took your money for...."
76561198016869079,Not Recommended,232090,19373747,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Hems,"The game looks great and is fun with a decent amount of content, with most of the core in place. Unfortunately the developers are insisting on a RNG stlye DLC moving forwards regardless of the fact that the core is still incomplete, claiming that it's the best thing in order to support the players with free content as opposed to the true reason of stuffing their pockets.As much as I would like to reccomend this game, I simply can't. Sure it's fun for a while, but until the game is near completion (i.e. when all perks are in game, and only balancing remains) I would not reccomend it, as we cannot sure how much content the developers will be willing to push into the RNG DLC.Perhaps look back at this game in a few months time to see if anything has changed. Updates are released approximately once every 3 months, so all of the perks may have made it into the game within the next year or so.To clear things up, I am not opposed to DLC. I actually purchased every single DLC for Killing Floor 1, but I will not support paying for ""a chance"" of getting what I want."
,Not Recommended,232090,21770763,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,moonracer,"If you decide to go the Early Access route and ask for money to develop a game, don't add micro transaction/DLC to the game before it is finished. It feels like the money I gave them to make the game has been used (at least in part) to make items to sell me in the game.Had they just waited till the game was finished to add those things it would be fine.Also, what admittedly little I've played has yet to pull me from Killing Floor 1."
,Not Recommended,232090,19326755,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,[L.D.K] Voncullinator46,Hey hey hey! Microtransactions in an early access title!
76561197997082784,Not Recommended,232090,20776003,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,❀✾❁Pyrus❁✾❀,"Essentialy just a graphics upgrade on the original killing floor. It's a nice game, but nothing has changed really it's still really repedetive, the same stuff happens in every single map, same monster  and same boss, U can chance difficult and the amount of waves that come, but u can do that in the old killing floor anyways. Maybe if they add more mods, with variation in the maps I can recommend it but not for now."
,Not Recommended,232090,22345005,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Kyzen,Finish the game first.
,Not Recommended,232090,19282406,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Dr. Buzz,"At least Payday 2 was a complete game when they added microtransactions (still an incredibly stupid idea). This is just getting ridiculous now.Edit: Your move, Tripwire.."
,Not Recommended,232090,23599121,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Iffy the Bothan Booty,Game was released in April of 2015.Bought the game in September of 2015.Sharp was released in June of 2016.Game is still Early Access in June of 2016.Almost no one plays it anymore.Best Early Access purchace ever.Review Updated on June 16th 2016 because they finally released the Sharp
76561198066873387,Not Recommended,232090,23626856,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Europa,WTF Happened to this game!?Used to be fun!
,Not Recommended,232090,26713280,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Captain Jack,"They added microtransactions, like before it was even released properly.Bruh what the ♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,232090,20503185,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,ハル　>_<,"Decent game. A bad game if you know how fantastic Killing Floor 1 is.7/10Buy KF1 instead. MOAR fun, more servers, legacy support (32 bit, server can run on UNIX, wooden PC support), also more players I guess..."
,Recommended,232090,15494855,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Homura Akemi,Get to kill floors for the second time.Flesh pounded a second time.Chainsaw'd a second time.Bloat biled on a second time.Lods of dosh a second time!This time with more gore.Killing Floor 2: Floor Harder10/10
,Not Recommended,232090,23502395,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Villian,This game is turning into♥♥♥♥♥♥Play this on your plebstation if you got bored of cod zombies.
,Not Recommended,232090,23525604,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Pyce,Newest update has ♥♥♥♥ed up everything.I played this game in person with some of the developers and one of them stunk like Subway.
,Recommended,232090,30492089,Posted: 13 March,all,尺adioactive,"""...Collapsing in on yourselfI don't know why I tryCollapsing in on yourselfI don't know why you deny...""10 Demon Hunters of 10"
,Not Recommended,232090,22350841,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Yung Loko,Decrease in quality from the first game.
,Not Recommended,232090,22320829,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,stay woke,"They really ♥♥♥♥ed it up this time. Skins and a PS4 port before the game is even finished is such dogshit. Just buy KF if you want to play with friends, this one isn't that great. Besides that, the ranking system is bad, it takes FOREVER to level up, and will require at least 50+ hours to reach the level cap for your class. In addition, medic is kind of boring, but that could get better I suppose. At least wait if you want to get this game. And yes, the slow-mo does get old."
76561198065755717,Recommended,232090,25058259,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Athena,i have no life
76561198008865827,Recommended,232090,16432434,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Grail,"The temptation will always be to compare Killing Floor 2 with the original, and whilst that is only natural it is also probably unfair.  The original Killing Floor was kind of polarizing, and I say that as a huge fan.  I have logged over 2500 hours of the original Killing Floor across multiple accounts (because I liked getting achievements and grinding perks over and over, but keeping my original ones intact).  But it's fair to say that not everyone enjoyed the original Killing Floor even when its fan base was incredibly loyal and dedicated - my 2500 hours pales into insignificance with a lot of players.Killing Floor 2 must be viewed on its own.  It is both better and worse than the original.  And that is the last I'll mention of the original in this review.Killing Floor 2 is a wave based horror survival FPS game.  Characters have access to 10 perks (or classes), with the ability to gain XP in each, allowing the level mechanism to take characters from Level 0 through to 25 for each of them.  The perks have passive skill effects (such as  bonus % damage/level with Perk weapons), and a skill tree that has an option of 2 skills fore every 5 levels.  This allows 2 players with the same perk to have slightly different makeups, even though they will play similar, they operate slightly different.The 10 perks are:* Berserker =  melee expert, tank, fast striking guerrilla and kiting exponent* Commando = assault rifle expert, scout with optics capabilities, perfect for cleaning out the smaller enemies en masse.* Support Specialist = shotgun expert, heavy carrying capacity, damage dealer and able to equip allies* Medic = healer, able to operate as a pseudo-commando lite, fast moving and can be tanky* Firebug = flame weapon specialist, perfect for cleaning out smaller enemies en masse* Demolitionist = explosives expert, capable of both big and small zed destruction but weak up close if not protected* Gunslinger = pistol expert, a fast moving harrier and headshot proponent, capable of dealing with all zeds with the right skills* SWAT = SMG expert, armoured tank, trash cleaner and large zed kill capacity, grenades are close to the best in the game* Sharpshooter = a rifle expert and sniper, a headshot expert capable of killing anything with a couple well placed and timed shots* Survivalist = a jack of all trades and master of none.  Survivalist attempts to mix the other 9 roles together.Of the perks, there is clearly a power hierarchy, with Berserker and Sharpshooter at the top.  Commando, Firebug and Survivalist towards the bottom.  The others tend into the middle, with power moving up and down based on the skills and equipment - Gunslingers can be brutally effective and their speed makes them able to survive potential wipes.Saying that, all the perks are easily playable on all difficulty levels, of which there are 4 (Normal, Hard, Suicidal and Hell on Earth).  As the difficulty increases, Zeds get tougher, faster, and access to more maneuvers and lethal forms of attack.  Husks for example, (a flame based zed), only has a fireball and melee attack on Normal and Hard, but on Suicidal and Hell on Earth they access a flamethrower attack which is incredibly lethal at close range and much harder to avoid.There are currently 13 types of zeds (from memory) ranging from the weak and plentiful Cysts to the rage-prone and deadly Fleshpounds and 2 bosses, Hans (a crazy ex-Nazi scientist in an exo-suit) and Kevin Clamley the Patriarch (the mutated and cybernetically enhanced former CEO of the company that made the zeds).  Each zed and both the bosses require different tactics, different approaches and feel completely different when you face them.The gameplay in Killing Floor 2 is repetitive, but addictive.  For the most part, the community is excellent, though there will always be that small element in any online game that seeks to cause problems.  Thankfully, Killing Floor 2 doesn't seem to have many of these individuals, and they can be pretty easy to identify and avoid.TWI seem keen to continue to improve the game, and to provide new experiences.  New maps continue to come out, though some might say not fast enough- there are currently 16 official maps (Biotics Lab, Outpost, Burning Paris, Volter Manor, Catacombs, Evacuation Point, Farmhouse, Black Forest, Prison, Containment Station, Hostile Grounds, Infernal Realm, Zed Landing, The Descent, Nuked, and The Tragic Kingdom).  There are also countless unofficial, fan made maps available through the workshop.The game contains no paid DLC, though there are certain bonuses for the owning of other products.  The Zweihander (a Bersker 2-handed sword) is freely available to players who also own Chivalry: Medieval Warfare.  Most of the other bonuses for owning products are purely cosmetic.  There are also micro-transactions in the game, but these various weapon and character skins do nothing but make you look a little more cool (or weird depending on what you equip).  The price for these micro-transactions though is totally out of hand with some items costing only a couple cents to buy on the steam market, or over $100 US, purely for a single cosmetic.#TLDR: The game is repetitive but fun.  With multiple classes to level and skills to choose from, each with their own role and plenty of different enemies, maps and difficulties to challenge you.Killing Floor 2 is a 4/5"
,Recommended,232090,30820698,Posted: 29 March,all,Bass][e,"★★★★☆If you're here after viewing the screenshots and videos, than you'll probably know if this game is something for you or not. For instance, it has no story mode, it is just a straight up murder simulator.Lots of fun, good looking maps, but too grind-heavy if you're going after all the achievements. But the excellent gunplay, the fantastic gore-effects, the intensity of the last waves and the rewarding teamwork (though not required to be succesful) are the biggest reasons to keep playing this game for the year(s) to come.Seriously, the guns feel amazing. There is a weight to them, that make them feel so powerful. It's like the game is build around them, since they also create an enormous massacre."
,Recommended,232090,30875390,Posted: 1 April,all,BroDator,Gore plus metalcore? what are we waiting for
,Not Recommended,232090,19242291,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Speaker,"Tripwire added micro-transactions and RNG crates before they even finished all the perks, weapons, maps or bosses. Seriously. micro-transactions in a paid early access title.Steer clear of this one."
76561198005029322,Not Recommended,232090,19436097,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Dead or Alive,"BOOOOO, MICROTRANSACTION.GOODBYE T, GOODBYE KF 2."
,Not Recommended,232090,19295553,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,bánh meme,"They have added microtransactions to an early access game instead of finishing it, instead of sharpshooter we got hats for extra real money."
76561197998371865,Not Recommended,232090,19297348,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,von Montag,early access crates and keysth-thanks tripwire
,Not Recommended,232090,22293636,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Jord68,Microtransactions...in Early Access...
,Not Recommended,232090,19292927,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Buce,"They saw what Payday 2 did and said to themselves, ""We should ruin our community too for LODS OF MONE"""
,Not Recommended,232090,27708287,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[SMC] Raptor,"What the hell happened, Tripwire?As a long time KF1 player, this game was so promising in the beginning, the gameplay was solid, the combat was hectic and satisfying, the guns were nothing short of amazing (Did they ever fix reloading both guns after firing a single shot with akimbo pistols? Literally the only complaint I can come up with). The graphics were equally impressive. And then it all fell apart.Updates were slow. Fine, game development isn't an easy task, and is time-consuming to say the least, particularly when you're aiming to release a product at its best.Then the microtransactions came. A system intended to maximize profit for literally zero effort beyond the initial implementation, and extremely minimal effort should they decide to actually add new ""content"" to the system. For one thing, the timing couldn't have been worse with another well-known game screwing over their players by doing the exact same thing weeks prior. They still haven't fully recovered from that, and probably never will even with all of their damage control and making their crates free to open (though I'm fairly certain the trader crowd has happily moved in to replace the players they lost - ensuring the already terrible community will never recover).I'll admit I was intrigued by the concept, but felt it would be out of place and would waste time and money to implement it... I am of course talking about the PvP mode. PvP was a mode that ""everybody"" apparently wanted. I have no idea who ""everybody"" is as I have not met or seen them yet. I suspect they're currently silver ranked in ('competitive' game here) and are playing that instead. I'm assuming it died about a month after release on account of being boring, repetitive and horribly unbalanced. I myself played it for about a day.Oh and let's not forget the (Rushed? I don't know, but it literally brings nothing new to the game whatsoever) new perk. Because we weren't insulted enough with the delays, unwanted ""content"" updates and questionable business practices already, right?I want to like this game. At some point in time I did. Somewhere underneath it all there actually is a truly great game trying to break free of the things holding it down. Unfortunately it can't, and never will."
,Recommended,232090,34086636,Posted: 7 August,all,Dido,bought this game at steam summer sale.loved it but i do have some problems in matchmaking since im from india almost 80% of servers i play gives me a ping of 400 to 320ms .and rarely in some stocked maps i get around 90ms..that makes me sad i dont know if there are any community servers in india (none) but still this game is fun...
,Not Recommended,232090,15539775,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Varaosa,"ENG:Micropayment objects spoil the gaming experience & it's mainly just a multiplayer game. Here, however, a list of what I appreciate & not appreciate in this a game:I appreciate:- The single player game exists.- Gore settings- A wide range of weapons- The characters skills development and upgrades- Visual identity and Implementation- Sound World- Game EnvironmentI do not appreciate:- Micropayment items- The game is hardcore & is not suitable for the basic player- Level of difficulty- High blood level- Poor soundtracks- The main focus of a multiplayer game- DCL additional contents if any, will be developed.I can not recommend the game anymore.FIN:Mikromaksu esineet pilaavat pelikokemuksen ja on pääosin monipeli. Tässä kuitenkin lista mitä arvostan ja en arvosta tässä pelissä:Arvostan:- Yksinpelin olemassa oloa.- Gore asetukset- Laajaa ase valikoimaa- Hahmojen taitojen kehittyminen ja päivitykset- Visuaalinen ilme ja toteutus- Äänimaailma- Peli ympäristöEn arvosta:- Mikromaksu esineet- Peli on hardcore eikä ole sopiva peruspelaajalle- Vaikeustaso- Korkea veritaso- Huonot soundtrackit- Pääpaino vain moninpelinä- DCL lisäsisältö jos sellaista kehitetään.En voi suositella peliä enään."
,Not Recommended,232090,23621875,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Tyquanda,"I purchased this in Early Access a year or something ago. Unfortunately, like most games on the Steam greenlit marketplace which has pretty poor screening nowadays - it was a sad purchase.They took X months to roll out the full content (by then I lost interest and uninstalled) - and then lower the price/put it up on sale as soon as the actual content is complete. Basically they were too lazy to work the game before seeing profit - and fellas who early purchased paid 2x for 1/7th of the fun.Poor game, poor everything. With games like FO4, MGS5 and Hitman - this isn't the ""kewl supergame"" that it acted to be with the weird pricing model for ""early lack of content access"" and whatnot."
76561197999066184,Not Recommended,232090,22748984,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Jyrlan,"If you had asked me to write a review when this early access first launched, I would have definitely recommended it. As someone who has played it over a year since the Early Access launch, I would now however not recommend it to anyone. The update pacing has severely lagged without any sort of reasonable explanation from the developer. The worst part however is the fact that they added a microtransactions economy. This is an early access game that already costs $30 and they now added a luck based microtransaction crate system (akin to TF2) while this game has not even full launched. To add insult to injury, they have been steadily pumping out updates for said microeconomy without any other content updates. TWI used to be one of my top 5 favorite developers, now I will gladly lump them in with EA and the ilk.Tl;dr microeconomy ggwp TWI"
,Not Recommended,232090,23552606,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Chunk,"Do yourself a favour, Play Killing Floor"
,Not Recommended,232090,26737714,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Unmutual,"Expectations established in early access were unfulfilled, instead we get microtransactions and a god-awful PVP mode that no one asked for. While the fundamentals of this game are great, the business practice behind it is not. TW cannot be given a free pass on this, as we got closer and closer to launch the quality of content added to the game started to go down the tubes. When was the last time we got a TW official map added to the game? Instead we get community maps added to the full release that are no where near the quality of dev team maps. Where's the third boss? Where's the martial artist? Take one look at the forums and see the countless posts about content promised that we have yet to receive. Don't worry though, it's cool, I'm sure the new KF VR will ~blow everyone away~ (sarcasm)Did it really have to go down like this?Do I like KF2? Yes.Do I think TW shafted many of us? Yes.Would I recommend KF2? Begrudgingly yes..."
76561198033948831,Not Recommended,232090,19304542,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,SmoothCriminal,"This game looks nice. The gore system is all there. As a GTX 980 owner, Nvidia really did well with the FleX system. Everything is very beautiful to shoot. Popping a Zed's head is always a treat. The Zed Time contrast effect is very pretty and gives you much needed seconds to line up a trio of shots on a Siren before she can open her creepy scream-hole.The sound design is excellent as well! Shotguns sound like god slamming his car door. The healing grenades are MUCH more pronounced, a definite improvement over KF1. The music choice is somewhat...meh. I've never been too much of a metal head, but I muted them rather quickly. The same riff sawing away in your ears gets old relatively fast and the tracks all sound far too much alike. The character vocalization is fun. Each character sounds excellent and has their own sense of personality. I usually take Anna Larive because, well, a crazy who likes explosions is always grand. Though I will admit the Reverend is really irritating with his hurt sounds. A ""Gah!"" would suffice rather than a two-second clip of ""Huunnrr gghhhrr neearrr"" repeated every time a Crawler gnaws on him.I even went so far to buy this for my friends. Leveled up Support, Medic, and Commando to 25 all vanilla. Played the maps on every difficulty and beat them all.That said, do I reccommend it?No.The game's development cycle is unearthly slow. I know it is not ""fair"" to compare TWI's relatively small staff of 50 people with something like Digital Extremes 150 and say that KF2 and Warframe are equals. But there have been a myriad of issues with this developer. Balance problems crop up and TWI is glacial in its response time to fix them.And to be honest, at this point, it is fair. TWI added microtransactions. Which might be fine later in the game's life...except it hasn't started yet. TWI promised to have this ready and out the door around the end of 2015. Seemed simple. Just cut-paste the seven previous classes and add the new ones. Except AI glitches abounded for a long period of time. And with the advent of these new microtransactions, one should really start to scrutinze, especially after what Overkill did. DE does it, yes. But their game is free-to-play and updated near weekly. I understand, again, a difference in manpower. But now TWI is trying to get to equal financial footing and so should start to be evaluated by higher standards.Plus, I just geniunely don't agree with this practice. In an F2P game, it's fine. It keeps it alive. Heck, even in a few P2P games, it lets the developer work. But in a game that's not even out of Early Access? That's fishy. Had the game gotten finished and we recieved a Zedconomy update, I probably would've ignored it at worst. Or, hey, maybe bought a reskin for whatever the Sharpshooter had. But in the early stages when the game isn't even finished? Heck, isn't even halfway done? That smacks of something darker.The game is pretty, but I wouldn't buy it. There aren't enough classes to keep things fresh and the dedicated mapping community is really the only thing that was keeping this alive for me. The excess achievements (complete every map on every difficulty as every class) are just lazy and are based more in your own patience than any skill. After Overkill poisoned the water, I'm extremely wary of this type of behavior from developers. I understand developing a game is an outlay of labor and cash, but this is not how you get your community to support you. Electronic Arts can redeem themselves and Valve can become the evil empire of video games, things change. Not to mention TWI's little side comment of ""adding things later"" in their interview. I really don't enjoy P2W games. I don't like playing those because I play one 24/7. It's called real life. The graphics are amazing and the controls are phenomenal, but the gameplay is lacking and I can't find a story.tl;dr Pretty game. Appeal is short-lived. Developer updates are faster only than Valve. Microtransactions worry me down the line. Not enough classes to keep it going and gets repetative quick."
,Not Recommended,232090,19470271,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,General Plastro,"Tripwire, you have failed me...Adding microtransactions to an unfinished game completely destroyed whatever consumer trust i had in you as a company.Now i even worry about Rising Storm 2, will we also get droppable boxes in that game?I would have never bought Killing Floor 2 if i knew Microtransactions would be in it, at the very least i enjoyed almost 40 hours of a barebones beta without that greedy gamble system.Funny thing, there is already 4 diferent kinds of keys to open 4 diferent kinds of boxes, is it just me or Tripwire prioritized this whole scheme instead of actually finishing the game?EDIT: As of today, 11/12/2015. TWI just placed this game on free weekend + -33% off.So they are canibalizing this game even before its finished. I wonder if we will see -50% or even -75% off during winter? will this game go straith into the steam ""dollar bin"" before its even out?"
,Not Recommended,232090,19402782,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,jacksian3000,"As a community, we cannot tolerate these kind of business policies, its not right, the audacity to announce microtransactions AND paid weapon DLC before the game is even released from Early Access! Thats just lunacy, Tripwire is starting to look worse than Overkill. You wont be getting any of my money anymore."
,Not Recommended,232090,19421801,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Askaris,"Early access done right, according to Tripwire:-Glacially slow update speed.-Nearly all testing done internally, negating the point of early access and contributing heavily to the previous point.-Microtransaction store in a £35 game taking priority over much needed rebalancing.-Following on from the previous point, microtransactions implemented in an unfinished game.-Referring to updates as ""free content packs"", despite the fact that said packs provide core gameplay features.Game design, according to Tripwire:-Bullet sponges are good.-Invulnerabilty phases are better.-Guns should handle sloppily and imprecisely.-When making a sequel to an arcadey shoot-em-up, you should turn it into a tedious slog.I cannot say that I am a fan."
76561197991524678,Not Recommended,232090,19401151,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,CHINA NUMBA WUN!,F*** U .WERE IS MARKSMAN!
,Not Recommended,232090,23534386,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Whelpie,"It's been over a year and the game still hasn't been fully released. Not only that, but implementing basic elements is still not finished. That's not acceptable."
76561198085652046,Not Recommended,232090,21983173,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Raptoros,"KF2 is a solid game for what it is, but man early access is killing it. I don't really care about the microtransactions, because at the end of the day they are just optional, and if you buy them then you have no right to complain about them. (At least they didn't do what the payday 2 devs did, and make the drops have stat boosts.)What is really killing this game is the severe lack of content. 3-5 months for what amounts to a map, and maybe a class or a few weapons if we're lucky. Ranking the classes is better than KF1 in my opinion, but whats the point if you're just playing the same couple of maps with the same old weapons over, and over, and over.Honestly I can't recommend this game right now. Sure you can have some fun for a few hours, but unless they have a half off sale don't bother.Just not enough content. Pure and simple"
,Not Recommended,232090,23607419,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,poke a ginger,"TWI needs to speed up their development timeline because the promise was to be done in a single year, that is obviously not the case and they knew it from the beginning as they back-tracked almost immedietly and now with the sick joke that is microtransactions i am wishing i waited to purchase. at least they got the matchmaking better than at release but honestly the development schedule has gone snail speed and hasnt gotten any better"
,Not Recommended,232090,23646987,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,treis42,They took over a year to include my favorite perk from the first game (Sharpshooter) and it doesn't even come close to compare. It's just another perk that isn't a viable option without a great team to tag you along. This game is very unbalanced.See the review by Intumesce for everything else.
,Not Recommended,232090,23551838,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Zetsuei,"I have 1k+ hours on the original Killing Floor and almost 300 on Killing Floor 2. So I am definitely a veteran and I have been playing both games for a long time so I have seen everything. For KF2 Tripwire decided to take the Early Access approach and gett the community involved. Sounds great doesn't it? Well the way they handle(d) it is like this: They want each patch to be as polished and bug free as possible before they release it. What does this mean? By the time we get a patch there is a lot of stuff they're doing that they should've asked for community feedback. Oh, and patches come out about every 3 months or so. So not only are patches extremely rare by the time they come out you have to wait another 3+ months before they implement changes based on user feedback. Yes over the last few months this cycle has gotten a tad better but barely.Now let's talk about the game. The game does resemble the original in a lot of ways but it definitely is a new game and with that come new mechanics/system. The game looks amazing. Animations/sounds are great. The game plays really well and its very satisfying to fire a gun and watch it literally tear apart the zeds. The core game is done very well and is not in anyway a issue with the game. The way Tripwire is handling the game is the issue.For awhile now Tripwire has decided on their own that they should divert their attention and rather than finish a game we all paid for(Early Access) that they want to try to fatten their wallets even more. They decided to add a Crate/Key drop system that a lot of other games have. So this is time they took from the core game(you can say it didn't take them long or wasn't that hard to do but its still time taken away so they can try to make even more money since the game is bleeding players hard) that they should've only done once the game was done.And now we come to my final point. As of writing this review the Bullseye Update has just gone live with introduces the Sharpshooter perk and with it comes the Resistance system and a whole slew of nerfs/buffs to all perks. Originally they let us play on this patch early(3-4 days) before it released. Its extremely rare for them to let us play a patch early and hopefully give some feedback on this patch that changes the game so drastically. Then after we barely have any time to play on this patch and give feedback they decide its fine to release. This is just another example of Tripwire doing what they want and ignoring an already shrinking community.tl:dr - The game used to be a extremely fun co-op zombie survival/fps. With the most recent patch they have changed things so drastically without listening to community feedback that the game should be avoided until they balance it. Tripwire is a company that does what they want when they want and that slowly kills their games."
,Not Recommended,232090,23553650,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,SG,"Absolutely scammed. I preorded because of KF1 but this game has been disappointing to me since the first playable release. Minimal content apart from PVP which was not something the community asked for even? Then TF2 like chests, now more player models and perks/weapons being released at a snails pace? Oculu$ exclusive?Don't do it."
,Recommended,232090,26873936,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kiiko ♥,I Like Gore.
,Not Recommended,232090,16362819,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kadon Alastyre,"I have a ton of stuff to talk about! OH BOY!It seems the devs acknowledge this, and are working on it. Woohoo, community!For the most part, the game runs well, amazing optimization, pretty graphics and gore system. The selection of guns, and perks for early access are well, although some tweaking is in order, and the maps look REALLY interesting, especially Burning Pairs. Zeds look meaner, and pack more of a punch than usual, and Scrakes and Fleshpounds look as terrifying as ever, true death machines!I really enjoy the new voice actors for the characters, as well as the characters, and enjoy the nice little homage to the first Killing Floor game.What I feel will repel players who are into team-based games (PAYDAY, DoTA, Etc.) is how incredibly easy it is in the lower difficulties, with the scrakes and fleshpounds, and EVEN THE BOSS, easy to surround and take out. Alas, this DRASTICALLY changes due to a little something not really seen much while cutting through Zeds on the lower difficulties.Zed Teleportation. Basically, a Zed out of range or stuck will teleport to a place that is out of your line of sight. Why is this bad? Well, ALL Zeds can do it. Even the boss. Time and time again I have played the harder difficulties only to be cheated by the game because a much stronger Zed, that has much more health than I, decided to teleport behind me while I was welding a door.THIS IS A BAD MECHANIC.This is what experienced gamers call 'artifical difficulty', and it's been a hot topic, updating it in the most recent update to ""Not break the illusion."" In my personal opinion, it's still breaking the illusion by letting Zeds hocus pocus around the map, eventually leading to a cheated death, and losing the whole idea of strategy. This was to ""Make it harder to camp and kite."" when in reality, what it really does is influence camping, and not welding doors.Instead, I say remove the teleportation, and let the bigger Zeds strategize with smaller zeds to focus on welded doors, flank players, or have zeds focus on the stronger players, while the big ones take out the much weaker ones. THIS is difficulty in it's most simple form. It also makes the game look more interesting, having an AI like that is rare, and gives the game brownie points for being smart, and instead of people complaining about teleportation, they can't because it was their own fault they went out on their own. This will also influence welding, and strategizing amongst a team.Also, please bring back the radial attack. I'm surprised half the berserkers in KF2 haven't overdosed from being pumped full of drugs when circling around a fleshpound. It's incredibly nonsensical.As much as I enjoyed this game at one point, these things ruined my experience of the game, which is saddening. I'm sure they'll fix it with something nice, but until this is fixed, I'm keeping this negative review.Please consider. It's for the sake of everyone."
,Not Recommended,232090,23635577,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Valcgo,DAY-Z 2.0 here! Please don't buy this. DLC while the game is in Alpha is just a slap in the face to early adopters. Save your money and skip this money grab. I'm sorry I spent money on it.
,Not Recommended,232090,19646400,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Ziggylata,"Sorry about this.The gameplay is solid, but not alot of uniqueness going on compared to KF1. Its more polished and more teamwork oriented if anything.The big negative is microtransactions.Now microtransactions are one thing, something I dont see too much of a deal if its not really gameplay changing. ""Pay 5 dollars for this hat."" Thats fine.I have a BIG problem with TF2 and CSGO crates, especially in an early access game.And now lets spice it up by making any hat that isnt garbage very rare so people sell it on the market for an unreasonable amount of money.Theres hats on there from anywhere between 40 dollars and 150. Some go even HIGHER.And then theres CSGO styled gun skins with conditions and everything going for even more money.https://steamcommunity.com/market/search?appid=232090#p1_price_desc"
,Not Recommended,232090,19420773,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Dr. Ricky,just cuck my♥♥♥♥♥♥up with these micro-transactions fam
76561198015227194,Not Recommended,232090,19571046,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Noodle Master,"Incinerate'n detonate update set expectations for the final product really high. Game was half ready, had some flaws(bugs and perk ballancing) but was still loads of fun. 4 months later we got another ""big update"" that can't be considered anything else than kick in community's face. This game has gone from ""Good with potential for Greatness"" to ""Bad and getting worse"" really quickly. I just hope that devs will notice that before the point of no return. RO2 was really bad game when it finally came out, but TWI made it a great game, lets hope KF2 will be fixed that way.I will not make a review of the game as it is, I will point a direction of the changes made to KF over the past.Bad tendencies:Game is more perk-level based than skill-based (contrary to KF1)This leads to more and more ppl getting frustrated cuz they cant do a jack♥♥♥♥♥♥with low lvl. Game is too boring on lower difficulties. Using perk levelling maps is common now ppl grind XP not learning how to play properly. Altough this game is perk-lvl based, some skills are required to play on higher difficulties. Not many ppl know that.Making each class less playableAlmost every change to perk system/weapons involves nerfing. While I dont like my game being too easy, devs mistake ""Easy to win"" with ""Enjoyable to play"". Examples? I enjoyed playing comando, now its insanely accurate. Demo was pathetic from the beginning, he got nerfed to the point of uselessness. A good Zerk/Med combo was able to withstand much punishment, so.......they both got nerfed. Latest hotfix introduced us to ""fixed a bug making some weapons dealing too high dmg"" issue. Thank heavens they fixed that.Not fixing bugs...There is a lot of map exploits involving shotgun jump that are not fixed since the first release. Perks sometimes switch by themsevles. No perk-change confirmation button. Zeds corpses getting stuck out of map....but adding new onesNew perk tree is bugged as hell. Game started to crash frequently. Runs less smooth since last update(meaning ""I had to lower graphic settings to get similar FPS"")genaral dev lazynessIncinerate'n detonate update took about 4 months to complete(too long IMHO), but added 2 new perks(fairly well made) 2 new maps(big, well polished), 8 new weapons(not counting 9mm and knife), 2 new characters, almost complete perk-system overhaul, dual pistol mechanic and a lot of bug fixes. On the latest update wich took also 4 months to cook we got: 1 new perk(bugged), 2 new maps(1 looks like a mix of maps from KF1 but waaaaay smaller, made in a hurry perhaps?)4 new weapons(that dont even have different animations, 9mm, Colt1911 and DE share exactly the same ones, Revolvers share most), 1 new character(looks ok, but voicepack....), new boss(IDK why he is called patriarch, i know he has glasses and similar chaingun, but seriously what the ♥♥♥♥ is that?), last but not least........adding additional paid content BEFORE FINISHING THAT DAMN GAMEInstead of making the game better devs focused on making it more profitable. In KF1 I bought every skin DLC at full price as a manifestation of my support for the devs, for keeping that awesome alive for so long. Now I feel someone tries to rip me off more money before aquire sth I already paid for.Good tendencies:(suprised?)Microtransaction system (even more supprised?)I'm not really into MT, more of a KF1 DLC guy, but cant deny it has some good sides. MT system adds more variety to game and provides devs with more cash than DLC. My only concern is ""Will new skins and cosmetics fit the game?"". I dont want my game suddenly turning into some hentai. Japaneese naked chick shooting pink♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at raging♥♥♥♥♥♥limbs-cosmic-fleshpound is not my story. I hope devs also see it that way.Devs do some good changesCollectibles on new maps are finally not those ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dosh-blings. Me and my friends agreed that collectibles should be more map specific(KF1 style), white flags on burning paris f.e. :PThe game still isn't a complete failure (yet) and can be fun. If you didnt play KF1 or KF2 earlier you should try playing now, you will avoid the ""disappointment from devs"" factor completly :) . Playing with random ppl can be tiring, random kicks from admins and other players can happen. Play with friends, on own server if possible. As for me after those months.... I wish Steam refund policy was more liberal :(Post Release editBest post relese feature added was an option to refund this game. I got it full price, and it clearly doesn't deserve that kind of money. Game feels unfinished(2 last perks were already existing perk-copies, only 4 weapons per perk) and with the pace devs currently have KF2 will be enjoyable 2-3 years from now."
76561198007857671,Not Recommended,232090,23867586,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,hellbl4zer,"The game gets worse and worse... It's absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥now.There are very few perks even worth playing anymore...This game isn't working its way to be ""on par"" with KF1. The developers are actively trying to ruin the game and ignoring its fanbase. Do not buy this game.Early Access Done Wrong."
,Not Recommended,232090,19465493,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,M!Ki,">microtransactions>paid DLCsSeriously, this is the last time i bought any game in early access. I wish i could get my money back."
76561198089384786,Not Recommended,232090,23624438,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Millertime,Incomplete for over a yearMicrotransactions already in game♥♥♥♥ off Tripwire
,Recommended,232090,15505374,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Musicman,"I have been waiting for this game for sometime. Whne I saw it was for early access, I had to check it out and not wait for full release. WOW! A total revamp from the 1st one. Graphics, gameplay, and the fact that you can actually SPRINT is why this is the game that I would pay $40 for the full version. For those who are wanting to get in the franchise, definitely get the Deluxe Edition, as it includes the first one.The upgrade system with your class is something new that has been added to KF2, which gives you incentive to play the crap out of it. Early Access, I observed, only offers 3 guns as the Commando class (which is how I roll) but with the term ""Early Access"" hopefully more will be added. The Zed's and Patriarch are a little smarter and harder to kill on this one, and makes it to where if your team DOES NOT work together, you will fail.This game will offer the player hundred's of future hours to the player, and a way to build great memories with his/her friends. $30 for this Early Access Feature is a drop in the bucket compared to the time you will spend on this game. 10/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ce8Mto_4Qrg"
,Not Recommended,232090,23709695,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,PrinceCharming,"Do you like wasting money? Do you hate yourself? Then this is the game for you! When you purchase this game you are GUARANTEED to play for countless seconds! Get constant crashes! And yes, TONS of Microtransactions! Buy this game NOW! Or burn your money. Both equally as smart."
76561198032585301,Not Recommended,232090,23100099,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,paul8410,"This game was not ready for release despite what the developers say. I've had numerous crashes at different points in the game. Sometimes you can make it through a match and sometimes you don't . It is a lot of fun when it works, and provided they deal with the crashing I'd recommend it. Best advise is to wait a while before buying this game to give them a chance to fix it."
76561198028826320,Not Recommended,232090,22964191,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,[NWR] Crytech,They are the slowest developers ever.
,Not Recommended,232090,23696468,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,420YoloSwagMaster69,"I've spent an unhealthy amount of time playing KF1, but KF2 isn't holding up.As a zerk and firebug main, the new updates are like a punch in the d:ck.zerk got nerfed all around, and now firebug does one third damage to the small zeds.kind of hard to kill things when you can't hurt them.SS is cool, but why does the railgun highlight the patriarch's arm instead of his head?I don't like the boss health bars, now the fights are a bum rushDamage fall off and the ruined welding have made support uselessI personally hate microtransactions; I bought so much dlc for KF1 because I could buy outright the things I wanted, not waiting on a convoluted drop system.For KF1 we were always excited for the new big updates, but in KF2 it's more like: Oh great, what did they ruin now.If we even get updates.The graphics are better, but the game isn't.I'm going to go back and play KF1"
,Not Recommended,232090,23641080,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,TrashButt,"The game isn't even finished and they're already selling DLC. Now they're working on a NEW game (Killing Floor Incursion) for VR and making it oculus rift exclusive. Tripwire has become a very, very bad company. Do not support them."
,Not Recommended,232090,23641139,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,♥ | Wacky Chan,This game really lost its way. Started really promising but recently the development has come to a crawl. Takes 4 months to add a perk. Development focus is  wasted on stuff like microtransactions. Really disappointing how this is turning out.
,Not Recommended,232090,23672841,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Action Bastard,"It is incredibly obvious that this game's development is simply a product of the current gaming market. Almost everything good about it has changed since alpha, and many changes were just ways to get more people buying this game, which has made the game crap.They fix one thing, break another 5 things, and then call it good. It's comparative to Blizzard's youth with constant nerfs in World of Warcraft, where nothing really was fixed, but things were simply changed and broken in different ways.Medics now can't kill anything, so you're a healbot now.Demo's still suck.Zerker's got mega nerfed and aren't fun to play anymore.The boss fight, particularly Hans, is just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ zerg now.They're just constantly changing crap in an attempt to keep it fresh, but it's dumbing the game down and causing more and more issues.Also, when I bought this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game I was promised a 2015 full release... well guys, it's currently June ♥♥♥♥ing 20th 2016, where's my full game?"
,Not Recommended,232090,22731454,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,MylittleCapitalism,Tripwire are banning people from their forums who make negative comments and removing negative reviews.
76561198066183384,Not Recommended,232090,22326190,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Tahu903,"The first thing I would like to get out of the way here is that this isn't a truly bad game, there is a lot of potential here for a  great game. I am also not going to include any complaints about bugs in my review because the game is in early access. The biggest problem I have wit hthis game that I think makes kf1 a better game in my opinion besides the balancing is something that others might consider minor, the guns, in kf1 each gun feels unique and when you fire it it feels satisfying to use. In this game each gun just feels like the same gun with some minor damage and rate of fire differences, this in my opinion ruins one of my favorite parts of kf1 which was the weapon diversity and how cool and interesting each gun was."
,Not Recommended,232090,22325645,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,<=LSP=> DatMaxNub,"As of right now... no I wouldn't want to recommend Killing Floor 2 until it's out of Early Access. Unless you really really loved the KF1,  but wanted a bit more, and you can live without the campiness. (Although they have classic skins with the two original male voices).I love both games and I'll still be playing after this review, however it's just sad how even on the Early Access part that Tripwire said they'll be doing it right. Yes you can ignore microtransactions, but what people seem to not understand is how bad of taste microtransactions left in gamers mouths. I'm all for supporting devs, but the best support they can get is new players purchasing their game. That's pretty much how KF1 got so popular (Also getting a PC powerful enough to run that wouldn't be that expensive, oh and can't forget steam sales).Versus is all right, if you've played L4D well with great teamwork then you should have no trouble with this. However I'd like the rest of the perks in. There is the workshop so maps aren't going to be too much of an issue, unless modders add perks themselves.So overall the game is great, however it definitely feels like Tripwire is giving it a second thought, although they are still holding mapping contests it seems. Enemies are fun to fight, guns are fun to use, current perks as well. But it just needs those final perks and maps. Honestly less skins and cosmetics would be nice until this gets out of EA.TL;DR I love the game but can't recommend it like I could do for Killing Floor 1. I can only hope the final release is better than what we have now"
76561198011153421,Not Recommended,232090,22325908,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Leatherface,Way too little content.Game gets really boring cause of really slow lvling of perks and being able to play with only 2-3 weapons per perk
76561198070041631,Not Recommended,232090,19463885,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,rather cancer than this,Before the game has left Early Access they added microtransactions. And the people that supported them trough buying the game while in EA dont even get the new items for free or at least with discount.
76561198025958483,Not Recommended,232090,19241250,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Retarded Combine,"""I, I bought this game of hollow depth believing in youTake now my final cashand spend it on boozeI see the game has nothing leftdead fragments of funYou take the money for yourselfand start to runI mourn my blindnessI was so wrongWhy did I buy thisEarly Access is where I belongI brought this onto myselfI don't know why - I buyI brought this onto myselfI don't know why - I denyI, I know the game is running thin and dying on youI bought the lies that lie withinI fell for it tooI mourn my blindnessI was so wrongWhy did I buy thisEarly Access is where I belongI brought this onto myselfI don't know why - I buyI brought this onto myselfI don't know why - I denyI brought this onto myselfI don't know why - I buyI brought this onto myselfI don't know why - I denyI brought this onto myselfI don't know why - I buyI brought this onto myselfI don't know why - I deny"" - Anon"
,Not Recommended,232090,23655273,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Go D. Usopp,They added sprint to the game. Press SHIFT to run FASTER!! Way to be another casual shooter.What a lowly undignified move away from the original Killing Floor.Won't recommend this for now but I am hoping for more major changes in the future that can change my standing.
,Not Recommended,232090,19300577,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,MysticTater,"Not even finished and they add microtransactions?  I usually avoid early access games for reasons such as this, but I had some faith in Tripwire, so I gave it a chance.  That was clearly a mistake.Edit:  Now the developers are censoring negative feedback on other sites.  Lovely.  Save your money, TWI clearly doesn't care about their community."
76561197979996624,Not Recommended,232090,19289385,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Carlos Danger,hasnt been updated in forever
76561198192417235,Not Recommended,232090,19259867,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Crisis21,"This game used to be good. Now that the developers are putting Micro-transaction, I doubt it would be one of my favorite games to play. I don't even think other PC gamers agree with it."
,Not Recommended,232090,19931231,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Blando,Killing Floor 2:GOno other reasons.
76561198053568248,Not Recommended,232090,23604675,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,bouken_crimson,"If you have killing floor 1, i recommend you play that over this."
76561198094316785,Not Recommended,232090,19427585,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Phd.Professor,"Took a whole year for them to release the full game, and don't get me started on micotransactions."" Oi You!! Shut your mouth and Look at my wad! LOADSAMONEY!!! "" - KF Team"
,Recommended,232090,17870195,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,WillyMcBride,"An intense, co-operative, survival horror game that lives up to its predecessors name! Its brilliant graphics do not lead to frame drops at all. This game is truly EPIC, and I have had waay to many fun experiences with friends not to have enjoyed it! It is gorey, fast-paced, glorious action that almost anybody can enjoy! Just make sure you know what to fear, and you will live long enough to die at the boss fight!Honestly though, i truly love this game. It's kind of like a way to let go after a stressful day. You get to pop on, cut, burn, blow up, shoot, obliterate, incinerate absolutely every single dumb zed that comes at you!Knight Bros Adventure Video (Thank you for the Zweihander and Armor, Chivarly!)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EsmUD0phGG8&feature=youtu.be"
76561197984503913,Not Recommended,232090,19668521,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,SKINZ,"WTF!!!!Micro transactions in an EA???Are you ♥♥♥♥ing with me Tripwire?I must admit from playing KF1 and jumping on to KF2 at first i didnt like it, the sprint button, the auto turn and face the z's when they grab you but after a few hours i got used to it and hasnt been a problem. New players wouldnt even notice the changes so not all changes are bad right?So once we had a great shooter you could jump on and play and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up, now we have crates? Usb micro transactions to decode and open them? Crafting?? What is this a shooter or an RPG, is this counterstrike... But dont worry guys its only cosmetic stuff, but hey, when they release actual guns that make a difference to gameplay you not only have to pay for them you also have to share them with the rest of your team. Yep, if i want a new gun i have to pay for it and let some 12 year old ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s use it too for free? Where is the logic in that please 'Oh it makes it fair'. There is no content in this game, its bare bones.Good job Tripwire you went and ♥♥♥♥ed it up you money grabbers.4/10Edit -  Also the amount of work being put into this game is slow at best with lack of updates and hardly any content, maybe coz they are spending all there time ♥♥♥♥ing around with DLC. They just released it without it being finished.... ""we will still release and bring you fresh new content"" errr... the content should be in the finished game.""Tripwire announces Killing Floor Incursion, a VR game for Oculus Touch""PC GamerYep great progress your making there Tripwire... Pls dont buy this game."
,Not Recommended,232090,19258654,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,WOLF,If i wanted a gamble simulator id go try heroin.
,Not Recommended,232090,22609946,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,-}Element{- Deus Vult,"So, I'm going to start by saying I loved KF1 and had around 1000 hours across different accounts. So before the toxic community white knights start their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, I'll start with the positives of Killing Floor 2:-The graphics looks somewhat better compared to the first game in some areas, for example, in Burning paris you actually see the buring Eiffel, and the map is destructible when it comes to lights.-The characters look better, but on the same note, I feel that their lore is rather lacking compared to the funny bios we got in the first game-Some of the zeds actually look better, and others, not so much.And now for the part nobody wants to read, the negatives:-Horribly balanced perks to the point that 2 of them are HOE meta since there's no need for the others. (Beserker, Medic)-A completely pointless welder since they decided to add in perma breaking doors, where as in the first game, the welder had a purpose-Maps are somewhat poorly designed in layout due to the fact that there's always one point to hole up in-The AI is god awful when it comes to the ability to zerk wall as it targets the players behind the beserkers rather than the beserkers themselves which sets up for the 2 perk meta I mentioned above-The gunplay in this game feels really weak, like super soaker weak when it comes to hitting the big guys-The teleportation is incredibly annoying and game breaking when you need to run away and heal and then the thing you were running away from appears in front of you effectively ruining the point of kiting/evasion recovery tactics-The scrake and fleshpound went from logical mechanics to bullet sponges, even with explosives-The game feels really arcadey and overly casual compared to it's prequel-The trader is now just a pod, rather than a person-Some of the VA is really awful, even by Killing Floor standards-The music isn't really fitting when it comes to song choice, it just feels cheesy-Aside from the zerk wall meta mentioned previously, there isn't really any teamplay aside from spraying the bullet sponges with super soakers-The MT system is pretty trash, where as the DLC system in the first game was perfect for what was delivered-The update times are incredibly long and quite laughable for what's delivered on an update dayOverall I'd rate this a 4/10 for obvious reasons."
76561198151443078,Not Recommended,232090,19259908,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Sixx,"Game is fun to play, but  microtransactions are a stupidity that the developers of any game are committing, making the rest of their games dull and untrustworthy when they clearly stated their intetions on not to do so."
76561198040684637,Not Recommended,232090,19265718,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,nefir,why u lyin bbe?
,Not Recommended,232090,19405024,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,danitruc6,"Good game but microtransactions, please"
76561198063950644,Not Recommended,232090,19406914,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,FairladyZ,"Game is in Early Access, and has been in such state for the last 8 months. Only things they've added are 2 new perks and a few weapons for them, 2 new maps, and a new gore system. The development pace for this game is worse than ♥♥♥♥ing DayZ's development (granted DayZ is being developed with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥, unoptimized Arma engine that isn't designed for a survival sandbox). Now the Dev's decide to add Microtransactions. Ya that's really ♥♥♥♥ing smart huh m8s? Adding in Microtransactions and paid DLC into a game that isn't even finished, nor is it at a level that's acceptable of a release. It baffles me why they would do this. Like jesus, I know it's just cosmetic♥♥♥♥♥♥and ""hurr durr if someone has it everyone gets to use it"". That's still a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t reason to me for introducing paid DLC in a game that ISN'T released yet and ISN'T closed to being a released product. God I cannot stress this enough. The updates for this game are slow as ♥♥♥♥. I've only seen about 2 noteworthy updates in 8 months. That legitimately is worse than DayZ. Which is ♥♥♥♥ing sad to me.I don't care about anyone's opinion that supports this♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and seriously needs to be killed off. I wouldn't give a ♥♥♥♥ if the game was finished and hasn't been in EA for 8 ♥♥♥♥ing months. But for ♥♥♥♥s sake PICK UP THE SPEED OF DEVELOPMENT BEFORE YOU ADD THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IN AN UNFINISHED GAME.... Am I salty about this? Yeah I am. I really am. These are the developers that made such a great zombie killing co-op game. The same developers that made the greatest WWII games I have ever played. Now they pull this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Lost my respect for you Tripwire.-Natalia venting finished"
,Not Recommended,232090,23604814,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Spider-Man,Early access microtransactions. Enough Said
76561198006890706,Not Recommended,232090,22301521,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Cpt Donut,"Microtransactions, PvP, limited game content and no end in sight. they should not have released this game before a) it was finished, b) they knew what game they were actually going to make. Pluys they keep giving away the game with free weekends spitting in the face and insulting everyone who payed to play this game. I hope they go bankrupt as they deserve"
76561198088356341,Not Recommended,232090,22281109,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,l3loodyRed,When is the upcoming update ........... weapon ......
76561198009286982,Recommended,232090,16560397,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Polar n00b,"This is a game that is not just for it's fan's but also for fresh blood alike. Amazing game in terms of an FPS experience, just the right amount of urgency, raw firepower and skill are needed to wrangle with this wild horse. A polished, simple and enjoyable skill intensive shooter. Although it is supposed to be aimed somewhat at horror, it falls short. The melee class has been hurt severely from the original game, more so that what I would call balancing, not to mention a crappy final weapon. The AI for the mobs could use a little more work on pathfinding and player target promotion. It however more than delivers on a 'bloody' good time when gore settings are at maximum. The handling is amazing, as is expected of the Unreal engine, smooth and precise. The game has become so beautiful that it's scare factor is all but gone, perhaps more creative future maps and game play modes will address this as the genre intended. Top marks for this game (and it's still incomplete). Keep it up Tripwire!"
,Not Recommended,232090,23414518,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Affinity,This game is probably the worst Steam investment I've done.Buy DOOM instead.
76561198208657907,Not Recommended,232090,22794428,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,ThugLife,i can't  play this gamewhen i click play button after that the game not runningi don't know how to fix it
76561198048137920,Not Recommended,232090,23998143,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Bruh,"1. Was supposed to be released at the end of 20152. Sharpshooter was my fav perk in KF1 and it's not nearly as good/fun as it was3. Microtransactions and the game isn't even outJust play the original game, this one isn't worth your time or money."
,Not Recommended,232090,19266963,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,:3,This is my first early access purchaseAnd my last one.Lesson learned.
76561197995506262,Not Recommended,232090,19449739,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Dr Mcninja,"Slow development due to the ignorance of allowing the players to test the game rather then wasting time on each build to ""perfect"" the game, bad microtransaction system with overly expensive prices when compared to the game itself, apparently ignorant developers who refuse to listen to an abundant amount of feedback and would rather choose a short term income rather then a long term fan base + income.Had high hopes for this game and company but after seeing projected prices of the microtransactions - I'm rather disappointed. Perhaps if they lower them drastically I may change this review as I understand the company's want of a future continuous funding via microtransactions - however joining with the rest of game companies in bringing out expensive prices when compared to the base game is a real shame.Can't recommend this game currently though I will update this review in the future if needed.edit: New update. Just as I fear the prices are too high for the microtransactions and the drop rate is too low for my liking. Already tried to get SOMETHING but I suppose 7 hours for still no item drops isn't enough."
,Not Recommended,232090,19263646,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,STALKERdolg,"With the recent announcement of ingame Microtransactions and 'crate based loot drop' I've decided to voice my oppinions about a game that I was looking forward to greatly.Killing Floor 2 looked like it was going to be a superior sequel to the first game, in both faithfullness and gameplay wise. Upon being given the chance to have a go at the game's Closed Beta, and seeing the frequent patches and updates, I decided that this would be a good case of Early Access done right. Unfortunately I was wrong. Of course I bought the game as soon as it was avaliable due to believing I would support a good game and be able to help shape the development process by testing out bugs, early content, new perks and balance changes, and deliver feedback on all this.Instead I got a few update post release, and a dry spell of absolutely nothing, no content, no bugs, nothing to test at all. I got character skins though, that will make up for it, I was sure they were just taking their time in order to get most perks to a playable state and modelling/texturing their weapons. Finally the first content update arrives, tagged as a ""Free Content Update"", lo and behold everything's polished, things work, and nothing that actually required this title being in Early Access bar raking in a few dollars off fans.Now they are spending time and effort on things that are in no part worthy of being in an Early Access title, microtransactions, skins and the like, when the base game isn't finished. I cannot understand the thought process that went into this other than ""We can get some more money from these suckers!"" I took a chance at supporting a developer I believed to enjoy what they do for things other than money, and I thought I would not regret my purchase, and I even defended past actions ala Killing Floor's 'Pay2Win' weapon packs, and now here I am, with my past defending thrown in my face.I'll never purchase an Early Access game developed by Tripwire again, if not a game itself. I just hope when this finally gets finished it isn't ruined beyond belief by anti-consumer practices."
76561197985032577,Not Recommended,232090,19352348,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,iBot,"As a beta tester for TF2 I say F@k hats, but to charge for weapons in the game I say F@K greed."
,Not Recommended,232090,22324900,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Cocoa,"Lol, really?I wait 4 months after the update that gave us 1 perk and 2 maps, and I get a BS PVP mode that is ♥♥♥♥-all unbalanced, a map, and 2 weapons for a perk that hasn't even been introduced yet?What the ♥♥♥♥ tripwire? Are you guys ♥♥♥♥ing slow?"
,Not Recommended,232090,22300142,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Little Nonce,"Went from a brilliant sequel with tons of potential to a quick cash grab with complete disregard for the opinions of the people that supported the game. Extremely dissapointed with the actions of this developer especially now since it has tons of reviews they decided to change the whole game and not even bother finishing current characters and maps because the 'Very Positive Review' means more people will buy it and think 'What the ♥♥♥♥ is this?'Versus was never a KF thing, the beauty of number 1 was its simplicity and complete badassery of gunning down wave after wave of zombies. Now they just want to make a crapy version of L4D.It's a good joke when they say ''We are going to do Early Access Right''"
,Not Recommended,232090,19299525,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,deathchimp,♥♥♥♥ everything about microtransactions.
,Not Recommended,232090,23548102,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Skelly,No balance no content no mercy from the most covetous devs on earth!
,Not Recommended,232090,19367273,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Syrnyk,"Tripwire : ""We're going to make the reference of EA !!""Me : ""I trust you, I know you can and I know you will !""(8 months later after no balancing and one content update...)Tripwire : ""We're implementing microtransaction 'cause we need money, please give us more by gambling on artificial items!""Me : ""Oh yeah pls gimme random crates with ugly skinzzzz so I can buy keeeeys, TF2 style !!""...EA reference, my♥♥♥♥♥ Don't buy this game yet."
,Not Recommended,232090,19309476,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,CiXe_,Microtransactions
,Not Recommended,232090,21168671,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,cat_o_minor,"it's very hard to find a server to play, can't even play with friends when party is full with out create yourown server :("
76561198087794419,Recommended,232090,23757794,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,SecretAgent:KiiN,"RECOMMENDATION:*Yes, if you love coop, bloody killing, buy it!*No, if you looking for a adventure, many game mode, don't buy itCOMPLETION TIME:*Rushed play style: Around 20 hours*Leisure play style: Around 70 hours+GAME DIFFICULTY:( ✔ ) Adjustable on new game( _ ) Adjustable on each stage( _ ) Not adjustable, game made for casual gamer( _ ) Not adjustable, game made for average gamer( _ ) Not adjustable, game made for professional( _ ) Unlockable loadout / startup customizationGAME MODE:( ✔ ) Online Player versus Player( ✔ ) Online Cooperative( _ ) Campaign Mode (Linear story)( _ ) Campaign Mode (Multiple Ending)( ✔ ) Allow to continue playing after the end( _ ) Random level generated( _ ) Random AI/item/pickups generated( ✔ ) Level-up progression( _ ) Statistic( _ ) Leaderboards (Friends Ranking)( _ ) Solo Score Attack( ✔ ) Mircotransactions( _ ) Split Screen / Local CoopONLINE POPULATION:( _ ) >80 weekday >900 weekend( ✔ ) >20 weekday >50 weekend( _ ) >5 weekday >10 weekend( _ ) 0 weekday 0 weekend+Well optimized for Nvidia GT650M run on 60fps with some high setting+Scary & powerful monster+Require team work to survive+Coop is up to 6 players+Can seal the door+Variety filter on server browsing+Easy to find a match+Blood & gore decal stay on ground longer than usual+Not violent as it look like+Slow-motion on combo hits (affect other players too!)+Steam workshops (free mods)-Long loading on startup-Limited game mode-Most of the character sprint very slow-Limited character outfit & customization-Cannot skip the timer countdown to next wave-No bot for offline (Solo)-Require long hours to level-up character-Require long hours to earn a skillQUALITYSCOREGraphic (2016)APresentationC+Contents VolumeA-Arts & DesignA-Level DesignACombat TacticBSound & MusicBRealistic AnimatedBOnline ValueA-Replay ValueA-Bug-freeAOverallA-BEST DISCOUNT:50% off, since June 2017WORTH BUYING:( ✔ ) Yes, normal price worth it!( _ ) Yes, can wait for sales( _ ) No, the developer has no plan to improve( _ ) No, not worth the time on itWORTH BUYING WITH DLC?( _ ) Yes, base game + individual DLC( _ ) Yes, base game + DLC + Season Pass( _ ) No, DLC is different value( ✔ ) No DLC( _ ) DLC is includedhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/232090/MORE INFORMATION:*Random video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMrMGtWivyQ*Game File Size: 34 GB"
,Recommended,232090,15478915,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Xandão,"Having first reviewed this game in Beta, before Early Access, and having seen it go through countless iterations of balance, content and even overall gameplay focus, I can finally claim to have an eye on the ""shape"" of the final release. It's been a long time coming, but it seems to have finally found its feet as a game. I've had reservations about recommending this game to people in the past, feeling they would do better in waiting for future updates, but I must say it is now a very safe bet for quality co-op FPS action on the PC, and that my opinion of it is wholly positive.I am updating this review just a few days away from the game's full release. The tenth perk is about to become available in the beta branch, a customizable jack of all trades called the ""Survivalist"".How does this game compare to KF1? The final balance has settled on a more dynamic style of game, with movement and repositioning being heavily encouraged (though it is still very possible to ""hole up"", and recent buffs to welding have made classic welding tactics far more viable). Quick kills (called ""combos"" by KF1 players) are downplayed this time around, so you will need your team to focus fire on the big Zeds more than ever. Perks feel a bit more homogeneous in terms of the roles they perform, and leveling them up takes, thankfully, far less time this time around. There's a real money market for cosmetic items (the game has crates, keys, the whole TF2-like concept) and a rather tacked-on Versus (Zeds VS Survivors) mode for players to try, though the playerbase for the latter is downright anemic, almost inexistent. Regular co-op horde survival is very much still the main attraction here.It's a harder game in general, especially HoE clears. I recommend watching gameplay videos, as words can only do so much in describing its ""simple"" horde gameplay premise. I think that in the game's current form, there's no way one could, having liked KF1, dislike this. It's familiar in all the right ways while still managing to be its own thing."
76561198045284875,Not Recommended,232090,19463360,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,ah funke,The game has turned into another microtransaction-skin sham which is pathetic in my opnion.
,Recommended,232090,24203191,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ukkxm,"This game takes a lot of hate (""RIP TWI 2K16"" etc.), but a significant proportion of the people reviewing have hundreds to thousands of hours clocked and are usually retaliating to a patched change that they dislike. When the resistances patch was released, most of the community revolted and rightfully so; it was terrible. I think the key thing that people are misisng here is that TWI are now actively engaged with the community and are putting work in to resolve issues. I've been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at them myself before; the resistances patch mentioned prior, poor community outreach, implementing things such as the versus mode (which I'm sure some people want, but most of us don't care about) and microtransactions before bug fixing/completing perks, releasing the EA version and stating the price would be fixed, then dropping it in a flash sale a fortnight later etc. TWI have not really done the best job of implementing this title into the community, but the key thing players who don't own this should take from this review is that they seem to have learnt a valuable lesson about ostracising their player base.At it's core, Killing Floor 2 is a pretty fun game. No, it isn't finished and yes, it does have it's problems, but none of this subtracts from the original statement. Shoot zombies in slow-motion, watch bits fly off around the map, enjoy the gorgeously-detailed firearms."
,Not Recommended,232090,23623482,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Megadog14,"The updates are very infrequent, and are usually pointless things like microtransactions. Wait until it receives a full release."
,Not Recommended,232090,23623632,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,SurelyImNot,"As many of you may be eyeing this game because of this sale that is going currently, why I do believe it may still be worth the money that is being asked I still think the game and the developers need some big changes.Pros:- A great looking and performing game that is truly the graphical leader than the first game in the series.- Great weapons with great animations.- Great characters with great personality's, made you feel more in tune with the game.Cons:- The first thing that is most apparent is Tripwire, they don't listen to the community at all and go on personal agendas of making a tf2 like crate and key items system before creating all of the classes.- The newly added resistance system, an example is the Firebug, he gets extra xp for killing crawlers bt Tripwire thought that adding a fire resistance for crawlers was smart. It wasn't.- The teleportation system is a complete wreck, sirens spawning everywhere with no break isn't fair at all and can make solo players feel like they are playing Hell On Earth when they are just playing on normal.- Even though the weapons are greatly animated there is a complete lack of them, only 4 specific ones for a class.While I may still play it, it still shows that Tripwire have no intention of finishing the game anytime soon. If you liked KF1 then you may get some pleasure out of this game, but expect likable updates to be few and far between. This game has unimaginable potential the effort from Tripwire is not being put forth."
,Not Recommended,232090,23623402,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Sam,"Slow updates, missing important perks, poor communication with the community."
,Not Recommended,232090,19877358,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Vandalised Kiwi,"Early access game w/ case openings, nothing more to do than the same mission on different maps. Pretty 8/8 m8 dont bother buying for full price, its not as good as KF 1."
,Not Recommended,232090,23551993,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,hey my dudes,"Friendly reminder that this came out over a year ago and we're still missing perks and maps.Meanwhile the game is trying to pull off some CSGO or TF2 kinda microtransaction ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t (which they added just a few months after early acess release mind you) and tripwire is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on their fanbase.The gameplay is good, fluid, and let's be honest pretty ♥♥♥♥ing fun even if i personally preffered the ""raw"" feel of the original Killing Floor, the game looks really good, be it the gore, weapon animations, or the map design, but that's really the only good things i can say about it.Right now with the speed at which it's moving and with how little content there is, it's gonna get boring pretty fast for some people, and that's kind of sad because this game had (and maybe still has) a lot of potential.If you're thinking about getting this and have never played a Killing Floor game, i'd honestly recommend getting the first one instead, it's cheaper and it's gonna last you longer. Too bad that would still be giving money to tripwire though."
76561198119546148,Not Recommended,232090,22743849,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Unlucker,"Forever Beta.This game tought me not to buy an early access games, ever."
76561198112548428,Not Recommended,232090,23553417,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,God-Emperor Donald Trump,Painfully slow updates and they added in microtransactions.
,Not Recommended,232090,22728761,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,moonchild,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,232090,23543772,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Nethos,"Slowest updates ever, game was good at the start but then they refused to update it for months at a time... didnt keep in touch with the community and even added the basic Loot crate opening for cash option.After spending hundreds of hours in KF1 it pains me to say this game is failing massively and its all on the developers.IGNORE YOUR PLAYERS and your game fails. simple as that get a clue Tripwire-Its just like EA games all over again"
76561198010748161,Not Recommended,232090,23553478,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Vinny Vally,Nope.
76561198122083518,Not Recommended,232090,23608492,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,NeVeS,"this game is so fun i like the broken zombies and the broken characters, they attack each other in a t pose formation"
,Not Recommended,232090,23710760,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Bloodalice,Playing KF1 now!!!  :)
,Not Recommended,232090,23603383,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,La Franche Saucisse,I think developpers went on vacation with my money.It's really sad as I love KF1 but KF2 is just another bullsh*t early access game.
76561198042201287,Recommended,232090,34511622,Posted: 26 August,all,RustyCanadian,"Killing Floor 2  +/-  Review+Paint maps with the blood and guts of your enemies+Melee is viable (don't even ask how on earth they balanced this so well)+Unique classes with diffrent playstyles and weapons (there is also jack of a trades class if you dont like weapon limits)+Higher difficulty doesn't mean more hitpoints it means zeds take different approaches at killing you (charging on sight, unpredictable head movement) stuff like that+Skins and hats are ok I guess+A crafting system if you deconstruct your skins into materials, I havent used the system yet+Free content updates, maps, guns and the occasional new zed+Steam workshop support for community maps and whatnot+Combat is smooth and fluid like blood and guts+Perk progression system is decent, it can feel a little grindy at level 20-25+Each weapon has it's ups and downs allowing each player to prefer one over another+Bosses are balanced and feel like a perfect challenge to fight+Some maps (all of them?) have hidden collectables that give you a achievement after collecting them+Weekly Outbreak is a great addition to keep people playing-Needs more than two bosses (King Fleshpounder is being considered says the devs)-When joining mid game the trader can be too far away allowing ding dongs to weld the doors shut blocking you (not a huge issue or one they can completly control)-Graphics settings can be touchy on certain maps once they've been painted with gore causing frame dips (I dont think it's my graphics card) still looks ok if you turn the graphics down a little-The weapon weight system feels annoying but it makes sense in terms of balanceAlmost all the cons I had to think of so I don't make this review a one way street, the pros typed themself.In conclusion the game truly feels like a sequel with all the advancements they made compared to the first and they don't seem to be stopping updates any time soon."
,Not Recommended,232090,19252872,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Nanaya,"The game is incomplete, there is a lack of updates, and to top it all off they add in microtransactions before finishing the damn game. Looks pretty clear to me where their priorities lie.Gameplay is alright, but avoid this for your own sake"
,Not Recommended,232090,19429957,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Ridley,I WANT MY MONEY BACK!
76561198191765555,Not Recommended,232090,20737338,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,psycostranger,ONCE THIS WOULD OF SICKENED ME NOW IM USED TO♥♥♥♥♥♥DEVS AND MICROTRANSACTIONS.
,Not Recommended,232090,23834589,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,IGotTheSpooks,"This gameWASGood. Before the Patriarch update, this game was awesome to play.Now all i see is 20 dollars of broken gameplay and greediness.Tell me if i put wrong info on here.Pros:-the M.E.A.T system is really good-Graphics, as usual with a modern engine/game, are really eye-catching-New designs are decent (the muscle buff on the large zeds, such as the scrake, fleshpound, and patriarch, are eh)Cons (holly♥♥♥♥♥♥there is a lot):-Support was shot down so that it's useless-Demo was broken until the latest update. The only way before the update was to use the nuke perk.-Tripwire taking their slow♥♥♥♥♥time updating the game.-Tripwire trying to pull a TF2 and sell reskins, cosmetics, and crates.And failed. Horribly.-The scrake looks really ♥♥♥♥ing derpy without his mask. His animations are also really ♥♥♥♥ing derpy too.-Tripwire having the balls to say that we, the fans of the KF franchise, are too demanding and also ban people who oppose this game. BUT THEN RELEASE A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ING VR GAME. “One of the factors that has determined Tripwire’s success has been our relationship with the community."" THEN WHY ARE YOU BANNING PEOPLE WHEN THEY'RE TELLING YOU WHAT TO DO WITH KF2. That statement is a total scam and is shameful.-The patriarch got stepped down...again (i mean, look at his damage outputs in all of his 3 versions (from the original one, to to the kf one), they get weaker as you go down the list from the oldest to the newest.-This game was open for beta on April 21, 2015. It's been about a ♥♥♥♥ing year and it's still in beta. Tripwire, you don't need to add all the♥♥♥♥♥♥you need to release the game.-I do not know if it's just me, but some of the maps are just too generic.In general. This game had a chance to become a fun and good game like it's old brother, KF1. But Tripwire blew it. They hold up a sign saying ""WE'RE GREEDY AF"" when they released the Zed-conomy update. The only reason that the kf dlcs work is because the dlcs had 5+ weapons/characters despite being 8 US dollars a piece.  Now, on the KF2 community market, i can see some skins/cosmetics go up to 12 dollars (and these are not RARE skins/cosmetics). i can buy a KF1 dlcs with about 7 characters/weapons for that price of one gun skin!tbh, i do not really care if i get banned from this game. Unless Tripwire can open their eyes and fix all the broken things in KF2 (which they're  starting to do. but will probably stop). My recommendation, Go buy the original KF, has more maps, more weapons, and more fun."
,Not Recommended,232090,23652283,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Whitefox,Do not buy this game.
,Not Recommended,232090,23663443,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,KainDarkfire,Still waiting for content.  A year later and there's but a trickle on an updated version of an already established game.
76561197993672933,Not Recommended,232090,23561096,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Nogaxeh,"Oculus Sellouts. Say no to ""exclusives""."
,Not Recommended,232090,23650445,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,server,"Looks pretty, but not as good as the first one. Every weapon feels like garbage. Maps are ""eh"". Teleporting Zeds. Pointless Microtransations. PVP is♥♥♥♥♥♥ no one plays it too. Trader is♥♥♥♥♥♥Also hideous Female characters. Panders to SJWs and ""No Bully Policy"". First Killing Floor is better."
,Recommended,232090,15505391,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Mofobian,"Killing Floor has been around for a long time now, and has been incrementally successful as word spread of how enjoyable it is. I don't quite remember why I purchased it, perhaps I had tried it on a free weekend and was convinced. What I do remember is purchasing it for multiple friends almost immediately because it was a quality title. I have been playing it for half a decade or more, and it is just as fun now as it was in the beginning. The only thing that changed was the sense of progression, as I maxed out all of the classes.Killing Floor 2 is the same game, nearly indistinguishable aside from cosmetics and perk dynamics. It is clearly not finished and I think there are some critical things missing, including entire classes, but the gameplay itself is addictive and had me hooked instantly. It is currently Early Access, so not being finished is part of the game description. This is the pinnacle of horde type games, the difficulty is fluid and will always keep you challenged. I never made it to Hell on Earth in Killing Floor 1, I have barely touched hard in Killing Floor 2.As for performance, it runs smooth on an average system on high settings. It's gruesome, which is all I really wanted from a sequel. The same gameplay and feel with more blood and guts galore. The soundtrack is heavy, which I enjoy but its repitition quickly grows old and I end up using spotify in the background. Even as an Early Access game, where you basically pay to help beta test it, I highly recommend the investment.Edit 8/26/2015: I came back to add a note about the development of the game. It has been excruciatingly slow with hardly any updates at all. If this is your first time playing Killing Floor, I would recommend that you play the original game for awhile. This one will feel like it is lacking heavily, and it is, but again, it is early access. I haven't touched it in awhile, as the game itself seems to be pretty solid and my participation hardly seems necessary at the moment. I will return when they update the content.Edit 3/19/2016: The game is much more ""complete"" now, with almost all of the familiar classes from the original and a good amount of maps to keep things interesting. At this time I would say the game is definitely worth investing in. It is everything Killing Floor was with more. Like I said, the improved gore system is the primary appeal. Same game, more blood and guts.Edit 11/16/2016: Alright, the game is considered complete. It will be released for the Playstation 4 in 2 days. The last update introduced the Survivalist class. It's not bad, I actually enjoy it, however it makes all of the other classes not matter. The idea of classes was to inspire teamwork, to have people dedicated to specific jobs and make the Zed killing easier. To make it so that people can just mesh it all together in one class and be just as effective destroys that premise. It's still good though, fun and mindless.Edit 11/23/2016: The game has been officially released. It's great but could really use some content updates and by that I mean maps. I suppose community maps are the solution to that."
,Recommended,232090,20480849,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,killtrevor,"This game is 100% part of the Killing Floor series. No, its 200% the Killing Floor series. This game is truly Killing Floor 1 on steroids. This game includes action-packed gameplay, an awesome soundtrack, great graphics, and of course, blood... and it's only in Early Access.Don't listen to any bad reviews including microtransactions, small maps, or incomplete perks.The use of microtransactions does not affect gameplay whatsoever. It's hardly noticable because you're too busy killing zombies. Microtransactions is only a plus. I don't understand why people complain about an opportunity to use the market and trading through a game. Not to mention you get item drops here and there.These maps are far from ""small"". They are quite large with largely open quarters. There is lots of room for combat. People complain and say that enemies come from random directions and spawn everywhere have played too much KF1 Biotics Lab. Enemies have many spawn points in a large map with open quarters.When it comes to incomplete perks, there are some perks that are not yet made or completed, as expected from an Early Access. Nevertheless, there is a large selection of weapons and even new perks and weapons.This game is one of the most quality Early Access Games on Steam.This game is a worthy sequal to Killing Floor 1."
,Not Recommended,232090,22569578,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Mentheus,"I loved Killing Floor and played it a lot (online, offline and even on LAN-Parties).After they announced KF2 i was so happy it will get a remake.Now they pushed there new patch adding a PvP Mode.Sadly this kills KF2 for me. Why?For me was KF never a PvP-Game, it was always about gathering with friend or random people and you have to work together beating waves after wave of monsters the game is throwing at you and then an awesome boss that needs teamwork and is just ultra hard to beat on yourself (on high difficulty nearly impossible)Now Tripwire going the PvP way and not even given one single of the new player classes is just a cheap ripoff for the players that bought the game for PvE.Sorry TripWire, i love your other games but KF2 for me is dying even it's still early access with the way you now going."
,Recommended,232090,19485680,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,BaBiWoLvEriNe,Smoothest FPS Zombie Game out there. Newest content is unreal. Fun arcade style shooter that reminds me a lot of HL2.
,Not Recommended,232090,23260378,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,TheAppl3,I am so incredibly disappointed with TWI. KF1 was a great game and people had high hopes for KF2. Instead we get a somewhat slow development cycle that is shoving wasted time into PVP and other features that most players either don't care about or specifically do not want. Steam discussion moderation is becoming ridiculous as well - that's not how you deal with dissatisfied customers.
,Not Recommended,232090,23623096,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,GravyBoy,"been checking in on this game periodicly 2 hours or so for each updategame came out bare bones but was still playable everyone just bought AA12 but it was still playablefirebug and SS come out, ""oh... rail gun one shots scrakes, wait why am i still playing Zerker?""microtransactions,holy ♥♥♥♥ in a unfinished gameall zeds take less damage ""what is a Zerker, oh a melee guy? why the ♥♥♥♥ would i play that?""way to go R.I.PWIRE interactive"
,Not Recommended,232090,23605432,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,TwinLamp,"The game is just a mess. Resistances make no sense and with few exceptions (Husk resistance to fire, Fleshpound weakness to explosives, Scrake resistance to explosives) should be removed entirely. Firebugs gain extra XP from killing Crawlers, while Crawlers only take 30% damage from fire-based attacks, it makes no sense and that's only one example. It's like the developers don't play-test the game they're working on. Never before have I seen a game that consistently gets worse with every update. Absolutely DO NOT support this game in its current state."
,Not Recommended,232090,19303646,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,MSG,Sry Tripwire I have to agree with everyone here from a seriouse KF player with tons of hours.  MICROTRANSACTIONS is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T!   Seriously  and unfinished unbalanced game and you add petty crap that no one cares about!  I hope you guys realize your going in the wrong direction!
,Not Recommended,232090,22410513,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Juan Wick,"Garbage, stick with Killing Floor 1."
76561198032029922,Not Recommended,232090,23652777,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,roasty my toasty,"Extremely slow updatesExpensive MicrotransactionsRefusal to fix, remove or balance issues the community has long petitioned forIntroduction of unecessary & unpopular features & mechanicsLack of developer communication and interactionWorse performance with each updateSimple AI & Simple PhysicsGets stale & predictable fastToxic and Cancerous communityYou will occasionally find good people who play to win as a team and help new players; but they're the minority amonst elitists, sweaty turbo-nerds and circlejerks who hijack servers."
,Not Recommended,232090,23641072,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,MiNDFiELDS,"0/10, would rather play Killing Floor 1."
,Not Recommended,232090,23640365,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Positive Mental Attitude,Bad game. A disappointment compared to Killing Floor 1. Don't waste your money on this pile of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,232090,22537327,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Bigrigross,Game started out promising.  Now it feels like they aren't even working on it.
,Not Recommended,232090,19681978,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,LiLfaps,"The game developers added microtransactions before the core game was complete. Yes, game companies need money and such to develop their product. However, the game is early access and updates are far between one another. The content itself is a pretty limited; and classes aren't balenced with firebug and berserker classes being incredibly overpowered.This game is not ""Early access done right"" this is trying to milk your comsumers for items that while cosmetic; if you don't buy them you'll feel like you're missing out on content."
,Not Recommended,232090,22325301,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Detective 0rdi,"I bought a total of 3 copies to play with some friends and none of us even really play it because there's such a lack of content in any big update they put out that you can burn through it within one match. Not to mention PvP is an incredibly unneeded addition and on top of that it isn't even good since every single zed is playable which that sounds like a good thing, but this includes the common zeds that die in like 1-2 shots and barely do any damage at all. The time spent on this mode could have been spent on adding the remaining perks (one being sharpshooter, and a couple of unknown ones). If these updates actually had more to them to justify the time spent on them then this game probably would have been finished months ago."
,Not Recommended,232090,21507050,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,oneshotkyle,this game could be great but they update it so slowly that it ends up being bland with the little stuff that is in the game. They said the game would be finished by the end of 2015 but it surely not. No to way to slow progress.
,Not Recommended,232090,23634966,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Rathofkyle,Pro's:-great graphics-physics-gore-soundtrack-Multiple bossesCon's:-Extremely slow development-False development promises-Poor class/weapon/zed/boss-The community is being silenced-Micro Transactions-Toxic communityRating: 6/10Overall: Development is too slow to recomend.
76561198094109982,Not Recommended,232090,23550512,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,antohha,Another EA trap. Very bad game support from the developers side. It takes more than several months to make update with extremly small content + they don't listen to the consumers.
,Not Recommended,232090,19270031,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,ThePointlessBox_,"Enjoyed the game, it was fun, every update was something I looked forward to. however it will probably stay uninstalled if I cant get a refund as introducing microtransactions before the damn game is finished is not something I want to support, and before somebody says that KF1 had paid skins, yes it had paid skins, AFTER THE MAIN GAME WAS FINISHED. first TF2 then CSGO and payday now this"
,Not Recommended,232090,19463926,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,DeathofaStar/久子,"Still 'beta' (definitely doesn't feel like a beta; I've done QA for Namco Bandai and this definitely feels more like a shi tt y demo), and yet they are releasing a full blown MTX store.  Good use of time devs; instead of making the game we already paid for let's just add more ways tostealtake our customer's money.  That's what's important!  Not the perks, nono never.Edit dec 10: Now, not even 2 weeks later they give a free weekend and 33% off of a game that isn't even supposedly fully released. It is clear where their priorities lie now. They didn't lie about 'early access'; you see we're not the ones getting 'early access'. They are getting it. Early access to your hard earned money that they do not deserve at the moment (remember this product isn't even finished!!!!)"
,Not Recommended,232090,19301148,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,mrcooliest,Devs added microtransactions
,Not Recommended,232090,19503840,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,«HerrAndersson»,"Game was cool, development ♥♥♥♥ing slow for a AAA dev, then they dropped micro trans, instead of working on the game they spent time making this♥♥♥♥♥♥But hey ♥♥♥♥ all of us"
76561197961300629,Not Recommended,232090,23528890,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,HoWSeR,zed resistances.https://www.reddit.com/r/killingfloor/comments/4nigcm/zed_vs_damage_types/
,Not Recommended,232090,19259416,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,DickPickMcJagger,"God ♥♥♥♥ing dammit, another game ruined by a model no-one enjoys being reproduced. The game is somewhat solid, updates are next to non-existant. On yeah, also microtransactions like every other game. They're investing more time on that than on the game itself it seems."
76561198114265116,Not Recommended,232090,21676843,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Vlad the Inhaler,added bugsplat still better than uplay
,Not Recommended,232090,26673957,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,humans mass extinction,"Good start, bad end, lazy greedy devs.-no endless mode that was meant to be ready for release-no 10th perk, survavalist is just a lazy effort for say hey we coded half day to do it-no new weapons-still pretty unbalanced-moderator and devs abuse of power banning everyone-some weapons sounds are placeholder (ak12, medic weapon rifle, sub machine for swat and medic)still fun game to play from time to time, grab it on 75% discount just for the way TWI during all the EA acted to their customers, changing priority and ton of lies."
76561197976372949,Not Recommended,232090,22968870,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Offensive Names,"Game feels like it running on 20fps or less the whole time, it needs to optimised better,  updates are slow, maps are super small, Hidden pay wall for keys to unlock crap that isnt useful towards the game play at all, so much for trip saying they wont have stuff hidden behinde a paywall"
76561198046637501,Not Recommended,232090,23542112,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,komikoze,"Did the Devs forget about kf2? The last time and only other time I spent this much money (about 30$) on a early access game was prison architect. That game was worth it and I was happy my money went to them because they updated every month. This has been my worst investment in an early access game. I feel like my money has been taken and invested into a different game because this game has not seen much development at all. Such dissapointment TripWire, I'll make sure you are on my Do Not Buy list."
,Recommended,232090,18209301,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Adrunk,"What's better Killing those dam Floors the second time around? Making sure they continue to get Killed all over again :>If you liked the first one you will love to play this one. Not only that they updated the visuals it still has the same atmosphere and feel of the first. Well their is still alot to get done, but hey its still in beta so might as well try out what they have for us right now and still pop those dam bald headed peoples heads off. <:"
76561197992674778,Not Recommended,232090,19260969,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Orthocenter,Game is solid enough with only a few balance problems.But Tripwire has chosen to instate the worst form of mircrotransactions before the game is even close to done. I cannot support this kind of corporate greed from what I considered one of the last bastions of honest development.
,Not Recommended,232090,19499708,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,MendicantMonk,Not enough content to keep me interested and microtransactions during early access? Bugger off!Don't buy Early Access.Don't support microtransactions.
76561198094216996,Recommended,232090,34906727,Posted: 12 September,all,francomelee,250hrs+ in KF1.KF2 is great.
76561198105527797,Not Recommended,232090,19308067,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,goldenwonder69,when they have sorted out all the slugish slow speed and fov of view which when i played it was so close in your face all the time and reload was to slow and always run out of amo and they dont seem to die mouse movement was to floaty and hard to control and hard to aim what i was shoting at.i have no problems playing on ut3 and l4d1 and 2  serious sam  killing floor 1. but this game was bad but it was beta version i played it on if this played like a normal game how it should be  it could be fun and a very good game so its hard for me to recommend this game untill all of these bugs has been sorted out .i really wanted to play this ihad alot of fun for 2 or more years from the first killing floor 1
,Not Recommended,232090,19527278,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Joe Mama,Game isn't even out yet and they're ramming microtransactions down our throats
,Not Recommended,232090,19252958,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,ilovetofix,Why not finish the game then add your stupid microtransactions?
76561198004225502,Not Recommended,232090,19262050,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,GeneralBonobo,"Game has been out for over six months, and there's only been two updates. This game is content starved and now they're putting in a microtransaction system before even finishing the game or even putting in all the promised classes and maps.Shame, the game had potential, but the company has gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,232090,19270366,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Survivorman,"For the people who say ""they need to make money somehow"" and ""you don't have to buy it"": ""All"" of the content that has been released so far(and future full release content) is something we've payed upfront for and expect. By adding a MT option, even though not asking for money outright, you are expecting people to use it; and people will - especially since some of it is under a paywall that you can't get from free drops. I'm sure there will be future paid DLC on top of this as well. All of this brings about a message of a developer. Maybe you guys at TW have run into funding problems and forgot to add a 0 somewhere, I don't know, but surely there's a better means to raise money than with the MT skin train *this early*. The general consensus, in my experience, is that MT bad, DLC(decent) good. Wasn't the DLC route enough in KF1? It was for PD2 until they got greedy. Times have changed, yes, but come on guys. Not every game has to be like CSGO. You may have seriously shot yourself in the foot with this one."
,Not Recommended,232090,19262289,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,SwigSwag,"Please dont buy this game, at least not at the moment.Instead of giving actual updates about the progress being made toward finishing this early access title, TWI thought it would be a better idea to leave the community with filler updates about possible content/ story (which they gave no actual details on what so ever), and more recently theyve tried to push for cosmestic items after their forum had been already flooded with people worrying theyd turn their game into a pay2win title after the release of stat boosting cosmetics for Payday 2. About a month or 2 later, theyre now adding cosmetics to the game.Phew boy.The forums are once again flooded with people worrying about pay2win content being added and the mods there are taking basically every thread about it down for any little reason. Do yourself a favor, wait till this game is actually finished before buying it. While i dont think the devs will go the pay2win route, they need to get whoever is giving the ok on these updates to get a grasp on his head and quickly rip it from out their behind, and start giving actual progress updates.I hate to leave this reviww here, cause i really do enjoy the game, however my post on the forums about this was taken down, just like many other people's. This is the only way i can comment about the current state of the game and have it stick, so as long as the game is in as rough of shape as it is, this reveiw is here to stay"
76561198042278885,Not Recommended,232090,19271248,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,*.),"Seemed like a great game, fast paced shooter with a lot of gore. I don't like rockmusic, but it fits the game so well I turned it up to 11 <3Unfortunatly, instead of adding skins in packs (DLC) or seperatly as microtransactions, they are gonna add them through a crate - key system similar to TF2, CS:GO and PD2. You open it, and just have to be lucky to get what you want.From my point of view, this is gambling.I can't endorse nor support this businessmodel, so I can't recommend it. Clear content please."
,Not Recommended,232090,19291977,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Username123,"""FREE CONTENT"" my♥♥♥♥♥ i paid for this in advance and you're not working hard enough as far as im concerned.Fans traded their $DOSH$ for a bunch of promises and now get treated like TW is making them a favor by releasing rare and half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥updates along with microtransactions in unfinished game, and locking forum threads with any trace of negativity.♥♥♥♥ you, i'm done, and i am saying it right now this is the last crowdfunded game you ever made TWI, you're done for when even the dedicated fans get tired of your♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198017316728,Not Recommended,232090,21600122,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Vex'd,"While it's more or less the same old favorite with a graphics overhaul, you might want to wait on picking it up until after all the classes are released."
76561198037384691,Not Recommended,232090,22311105,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Huntokar,if this is doing early access right then early access needs to die as a genre.
,Not Recommended,232090,21061459,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,FOXDIE,"Good co-op game but the graphics are very disappointing for me. Lightening is so annoying and actually got my eyes tired in a few minutes. There are too much objects with light or reflection in complex scenes every time, but none of them has a good texture quality. I only recommend this game to people who never mind about graphics."
,Not Recommended,232090,23649544,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Hey what?,It's like Payday 2 but with less updates.And somehow that makes it better.
,Recommended,232090,15662524,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,י♪ Ron ר ★,"Stalker animations are beautiful, maps are challenging and weapons are fun to use.With all bugs fixed, all maps added and all weapons added, Killing Floor 2 will be the best zombie FPS Co-op game!Early Access rating = 7.5/10"
,Recommended,232090,19273206,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,I AKU!,I gave this a negative review more than a year ago when it was still in EA. At the time the game was a mess so I just refunded it. My friends got me back into it during the current free week and it has been much improved so I'll rescind my old negative review for this positive one. I might come back to elaborate on this more but to keep it brief the game's improved a good deal and is now pretty fun and a worthy follow-up to the original game.
,Recommended,232090,27023953,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Atlaimond,"Short preview:(+) Replayable. ✅(+) Simple, but not boring game mechanism. ✅(+) With good and intelligence friends it becomes more awesome! ✅(-) It needs a bit strong hardware (PC). ✗(-) Micro Transactions. ✗(-) PVP. ✗(I don’t like PVP everywhere.)Crashes / Bugs / Glitches:I haven’t had crash for months! Even it was Early Access then. So, it’s more stable now for me.Windows 10 - 64bit.My personal opinion:I bought this game because of the first“Killing Floor”games was/is awesome. I learnt that I like playing againstAI(ArtificialIntelligence), and I’m not alone because the team-mate are real players.The waves(game mechanism)is sort of predictable, but it always surprises me time to time. Therefore, this game will be always replayable.Only one weak point it has the team-mates. As every other online game, here are bad people too, who only want ruin your game and make you nervous. But fortunately, this game is enough popular, and I always find servers where people playing. Especially in the afternoons and evenings.Recommendation:I recommend this game…… who has friend who has already had“Killing Floor 2”.… who likes multi-player online games.… who likes cooperative(co-op)online games.… who like or don’t mind playing againstAI.… who likes Horror theme.… who likesrockmusic.(Even I don’t like rock music, except this one and only in this game.)Achievement hunting:Here are much achievement which hard to unlock. Especially, theHoE(Hell on Earth)andSuicidaldifficulties. Some players can get them by themselves, but I can’t. Fortunately, I have enough talented and nice Steam-mates who help me and with them I can beatHoEdifficulty as well.Second the leveling achievements which take a lot of time if you do it in the honest way. I recommend the honest way."
,Not Recommended,232090,19241918,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Unholy Chocolate,fee to pay
,Recommended,232090,29148666,Posted: 9 January,all,Reyson Fox,Yeah...I think I like the game.
,Recommended,232090,35227439,Posted: 26 September,all,Lesbian Deathsquad,"It feels like a proper sequel in every way. It looks good, sounds good, plays good, and the classes are oodles of fun.Only downside is that the music isn't as neat as the first game's (but that's just me) and that I want more female playable characters, guns, and a better drop rate for weapon skins so crafting doesn't feel like a fee-to-play system."
,Recommended,232090,30662324,Posted: 21 March,all,Johnny,"KF2 is awsome, it has great graphics and the gameplay is both parallel to the first one and still brings new features to the stand, (greg is nerd) anyways, the game has many more guns and makes each perk worth leveling up. fun, exciting, and gregifying."
,Recommended,232090,30944512,Posted: 4 April,all,OmarFW,"A worthy successor to one of the best survival shooters. Modded servers are especially fun. Lots of satisfying gibs and slomo, and the range of difficulty is huge."
76561198071616807,Recommended,232090,30631625,Posted: 20 March,all,iOnlyBeast,"10 Reasons to get this game1. Its very fun to kill zombies with your friends2. Fun to level up different types of classes3. Lots of cool map variety4. Great community5. Great graphics6. Incredible, smooth gameplay7. You kill zombies in waves8. Lots of different guns to kill with9. Replayability10. Its god damn funNow buy the damn game"
,Not Recommended,232090,19470180,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,⎛⎝Vidic⎠⎞,"Microtransactions - Whelp, was a fun game while it lasted!"
,Not Recommended,232090,19329593,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Prosthetic Quilt,"Tripwire Industries has made a fantastic game revolving around the zombie slaying core gameplay with free content being released every couple weeks or so. Many players and reviewers have praised the game as ""Steam Early Access done right.""That ended with the addition of an RNG case system (similar to CS:GO). I will change my review as soon as the RNG element is removed.EDIT: I am not upset about paying more money, infact I understand the need to keep funds coming in to continue development. That being said, this RNG case system is old, overused, and becoming more of a place to ""work the market"" rather than enjoying the content provided. It becomes more about getting the rarest item in the game than getting the items that look most appealing to you. That said, if Tripwire was to remove the rarity levels and the quality of items (factory-new, heavily worn, etc.) I would be happy with the system and would gladly support it.With that said, this ""Trading Floor"", at its best, is lazy while exploiting the consumer at every turn. For that reason, I am not supporting nor recommending this game."
,Recommended,232090,17913791,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,martinvox,"Only one thing to say, the best Early Access game I've ever played and a well made one.I can run it all ultra@60fps with no issues, never crashed.Totally recommend it."
76561198008180658,Recommended,232090,16532084,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mokoma,"Long review below! No TL;DR for you, but there is a short piece of text at the end true fans might enjoy!Many core aspects of Killing Floor have been improved and recreated almost perfectly in Killing Floor 2. Gore, ZED Time, terrifying enemies, and most importantly the devs didn't get rid of two, most important components: Throwing dosh, and British accents.Some neat things have been added, the medic finally gets more than a submachine gun or a weak assault rifle and can still shoot medical darts, the old trader has been replaced with trader pods which are operated by a French, sexily voiced trader (compared to the first game. ""I LIKE THE BIG ONES. DON'T YOU?""), the graphics have been improved, the MEAT system makes up for some juicy gore, specimens look better and cooler, characters have unique voice actors while keeping the returning characters from Killing Floor true to their glorious British accents (I especially liked how Scully has been given a witty Irish voice and Alberts was given an Anglo-Scottish one), classes have returned and were given unique knives and grenades for each, and a neat 'Gear' option that allows you to outfit the looks of your characters, which I, as the personal s|ut of aesthetical character appearances, approve of. These are subtle looks, sure, but they look cool, and if two characters pick the same model it's usually likely they'd pick different gear, so they'd still look unique.This /is/ early access, so as a loyal Killing Floor fan, here is my shoutout to Tripwire: You guys are awesome, but keep expanding the game. In the teaser trailer I was promised Patriarch, and I expect to see him in the final game in some shape or form. Don't get me wrong, the new boss is actually very cool, and well-designed; the nerve gas attacks and the health leeching makes him different yet equally-challenging compared to the patriarch, but the game /just/ isn't the same without my favourite, machinegun-and-rocket-launcher-armed mustachio scientist. I am aware he will return, though I do hope to see Tripwire make a unique twist on where the bosses will be and when the player faces him. Perhaps each level will have a unique boss? Volter in the Volter Mansion, Kevin in Paris or the Labs, and a new one for Outpost?Either way, I am excited to see how this game will turn out in the final release. I want to see more perks (Old ones from KF1 along with new ones), more guns (same story; old ones + new ones), more characters (and again, old ones + new ones), more maps (Perhaps one or two old ones such as West London + new ones?), and perhaps more specimens. I know this is early release, so what I'm saying might very well be already be on its way. I can't really give a sizeable statement on how excited I am for Killing Floor 2. Something about this game, its soundtrack (I prefer to keep it instrumental, so good on whoever decided to make an option for it), its gore system, its brutality, its sheer violence and pretty much everything about it makes it a game worth coming back to over and over again.And now, the greatest quote of Killing Floor;YOU'RE ALL FURCOAT, NO KNICKERS, B|TCHES!(Side note to Tripwire: please return 'Insult Players' option to voice commands. Xoxoxoxoxoxo)"
76561198043211576,Recommended,232090,19933236,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Comfey,Fun game if you wanna kill time but it gets boring quite quickly. With the new updates my previous statement is incorrect now there is more content which is lit <3
76561198035054020,Recommended,232090,15520208,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,wFg | CiroGoixxx,"SIMPLY THE BEST!!!BLOOD, GORE, SCARY, FEAR, PAIN and MUCH MORE!!!LOVE THIS GREAT TITLE, KILLING FLOOR!!!10/10The soundtrack is very good! (Rock, heavy metal)Buy it right now and lets play!"
,Not Recommended,232090,23656529,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Axiluvia,"I bought KF2 because I enjoyed KF1 so much. It was very visceral, the DLC wasn't in your face, and it worked on Linux so I don't have to boot over to Windows or use WINE.KF2 has the viseral part down, and... pretty much lacks in EVERYTHING else. Instead of fixing bugs, they added microtransactions. And not added skins or new characters; it's craftable crap and loot chests like in TF2. Really?!They've just become money-♥♥♥♥♥s over actually trying to finish the game. Want another example? The only reason the Bulls-Eye pack came out when it did was to be able to announce something at E3.Does it fix any of the balancing or gameplay issues? No. Does it add in Linux support, or any of the other features KF1 has that this doesn't? No.Don't bother with this. KF1 is still a viable and good game. Yeah, it's not going to get any new content, but at least it works properly and is finished. And with their new 'release' schedule, who knows when KF2 will get it's act together."
,Recommended,232090,17867267,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Sir_Nalleboiii🎩,"A couple of times i tried, seems pretty good."
76561197978076378,Not Recommended,232090,23658305,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Somerandomkid,So far the game is a far cry from what it used to be. It seems like the devs are not listening to what the community has to say about it and are censoring post as well. They havent even finished the pc verison and yet there gonna start working on different verison to sale...  Delevopment of the game is real slow and content seems to trickle out.  The newer patches tend to screw over classes like zerker or firebug. This game started off promising and its not taking a turn for the worst. As of right now i dont recomend buying this game.
,Recommended,232090,15599637,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Nyssril,"Killing Floor 2. Even in the earliest days so far it seems to have a very bright and positive future. The devs are keen to make a sequel to KF1 if rightfully deserves. So far I am very much enjoying this game, and I haven't even progressed very far. Even though it is in early access it feels almost like a complete game. I have had only a few complaints in my experience.Pros:- Graphics are well done and provide a pleasing feel to the game- The maps are well thought out, and you must move around more frequently then in the previous game.- The characters all have specific personality traits to make them all interesting.- Even though this is a early access game I feel there isn't a shortage of weapons for each class.- The guns feel powerful, but not too powerful to the extent there is no challenge in the game.- A promising future for the game as it stands.- The character customization gives a nice touch to each players character.- You must beware of every direction; Zeds come from just about every orifice imaginable.- In comparison to KF1 you cannot really tell where the Zeds will be coming from.Cons:- Currently as the game is I have experienced issues with the voice chat. 9/10 times I cannot hear what my teammate is saying, I can only see the notification that he/she is speaking.- The Zeds tend to jerk around whenever they happen to be climbing down from a ledge. This has knocked off my aim in many situations and I took more damage then I should have.- When I first bought the game I had to delete the ""PhysX"" file or w/e it was called within the game files to get it to launch. Hopefully this is fixed in future updates.- There is a major need for a vote kick option!!! Or in the least an AFK timeout system. I have encountered a few people who have sat AFK for rounds on end and we cannot remove them from the game so someone else can join.- The spectator system is awful! You cannot switch to different players, and the camera isn't no clip so if someone closes a door behind them you can't follow.All in all I really enjoy this game and hope they improve it more and more throughout the coming months. Hopefully with the right amount of love and dedication this can be a great game just as KF1 was. This game can be a forseeable time sink in my own opinion."
,Recommended,232090,26996723,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SCorch,Awesome game! Lots of cool perks and you can never go wrong with a boomstick. Check the game out
,Not Recommended,232090,21414672,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,RimJob,"Just about a year and it's still in Early Access, couldn't even hold my attention for 5 hours. Pathetic.Epitome of a game sold before being finished. Buy the first one instead. 0/10"
,Not Recommended,232090,19281099,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,[TSE] Colaevil,microtransactions? This game is done :)
,Recommended,232090,33155863,Posted: 2 July,all,mecoolGAMER,cool
,Not Recommended,232090,23622723,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Shinkirou,"Cant host your own servers for friends only, so you have to play with random people."
,Recommended,232090,15542082,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Toumal,"This is how early access should be. It is thoroughly enjoyable as it is now, despite a limited weapon and map selection. I was not too keen on the first game, the weapons kinda felt weird and the game just didn't look right to me. They fixed all this in KF2, and then some. Weapons feel awesome and most of them have great sounds to them. The animations are top notch, the enemy variety is really cool. This is a game that rewards precision under stress.Remarkably few issues. There's a bug here and there, but nothing gamebreaking. If you like coop shooty shooty then this is right up your alley."
,Not Recommended,232090,23653289,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,[Dupl3xxx] rawr!,"Buggy mess, doesn't even launch half the time. Joining a lobby is hit and miss, sometime the game freezes between maps. While I had a fun time, the game is much to buggy to be worthy of buying. Add to that the game being already 6months past their original realise-target and STILL in such a bad shape doesn't bring a lot of hope.The guns feel solid, and the bullets hit where they look like they hit. But that alone is not enough. Would play again whenever the next free weekend is, but in its current state NOT worth buying."
,Recommended,232090,15484484,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,queen 🌸,"the fact that this game is extermely well optimized for an early access product shows how much the devs actually gave a damn.also this game is pretty great. gunplay is solid, controls are responsive, and it overall feels like a improvement on the foundition on what made the orginial KF so great."
,Not Recommended,232090,19300057,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,[AH] Gary Fuckin' Busey,"I guess I'm not meant to play the game anymore. Played under 4 hours, now I'm getting an error of ""Steam is required to play"". Which I'm launching from Steam, and no further support from the company. That's always nice."
,Recommended,232090,26973579,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,redacted,this gameits a really fun gamereally funshut up BlackSpawn
76561198049997692,Recommended,232090,30691784,Posted: 23 March,all,Ultra Mega-DeathDick OverLord,"Good with friends, Better with people you hate."
,Recommended,232090,30748293,Posted: 26 March,all,Envision,DOSH
76561197996990109,Recommended,232090,27774970,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DeadBabyJuggler,Killing Floor 1 with updated graphics and more of a focus on teamwork and moving around the map. Had some rough patches during early access but Infinitely better now. Worth $30 without a doubt. Looking forward to more content.
,Not Recommended,232090,23633075,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Molotov Slacker,"I really wanted this game to succeed since I loved/hated the first one so much... it had potential then I really don't know they just ♥♥♥♥ed this game sideways.  It probably appeals to some other class of gamer but it's dev team has lost touch completely with this gamer for sure.... maybe they just moved on and I didn't.Either way it's a mess and I really don't think it's going to be fixed at this point, a couple tweak patches, update to MT, full release, and classic tripwire dlc are just right around the corner.I'm done with EA games, this has turned out to be a horrible system that is abused to no end."
,Not Recommended,232090,22622410,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,SinisterChakra,Still No Floors Have Been Killed
,Recommended,232090,15489621,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Pepipopa,"Game plays great, weapons handle well and zeds explode in a mess of pulp and gore. Very satisifying.Only issue that worries me is this vague policy they have about banning people for ""cyber bullying""http://nichegamer.com/2015/04/killing-floor-2-devs-will-ban-your-cd-key-for-cyber-bullying-on-forums/Hope it doesn't become a thing."
,Not Recommended,232090,19245529,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Goldkills,"It is unfortunate that they have decided to add microtransactions even before the games full release, this combined with the slow content release times. I simply can't recommend this game to new players if they decide to remove or stop the plans for microtransactions I then then can start to recommend the game."
,Not Recommended,232090,19465098,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,catblaster,come back when you fix it
,Not Recommended,232090,19657481,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Silent_R493,One of the Best CO-OP FPS games out there. If not thee best.KF2 is a Better and much improved version/sequel to KIlling Floor.Pros:+Gunplay is very good+Perk Classes add Variety to all the Pew Pew Pew+CO-OP with friends is the best+Map SDK and Mutators allow the community to make their own funCons:-TWI isn't being as transparent with the community as they need to be for an Early Access Game.-Weekly Updates with little information are not good enough.-Content Updates haven't happened on a regular basis as they should.(most of the time the game is DoA untill a patch comes out or they make it free weekend)-Microtransactions (even though cosmetic are still very bad)(I have no problem with loot drops as long as i can open them without paying money for a damn key.I'd rather they offer the cosmetics for sale as a means of not having to play and just buy the one that you want for convience. Then that would be ok as long as i can still earn cosmetics without paying for a shortcut.)TL;DR/IMO:KF2 Is a Fun Game and a Really Good FPS CO-OP.The Crate + Key system is BS***T!  and needs to go away.DLC packs were somewhat consumer friendly as compared to Microtransactions.TWI doesn't communcate that well with the community.
,Not Recommended,232090,22294403,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Threatening Courage,"This game looked spectacular at first, and it still is incredibly fun. It's just about as fun as the original, because it's actually not that different at all from KF1. In fact, you could probably mistake it for a remake with better graphics. They kept a ton of the old things, even the less exciting parts like the whole ""trader pod idea"" and the bad voice overs. This takes away from the excitement. I can get past this part, but then there's also only like 4 weapons for each perk and the perks are not that exciting. THEN they decided to go into CS:GO micro transaction butt♥♥♥♥ mode in a desperate attempt to branch out. Those games like CS:GO and Dota are still fun with the microtransactions because they're FREE to play, and this game is 30 dollars. It's a gross business model and feels a tad extortionate, plus it's only distracting them and slowing down developement of the actual game. Wait and see if this ever gets released because it may be a long while and I'm not sure I like the direction it's going in."
,Recommended,232090,28061125,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RockeT,"12 maps, 10 classes, a wide array of weapons and hordes of mutants just waiting for you to inflict tonnes of senseless violence and spill hectolitres of their blood on top of that. Meat and gore galore, what's not to love?"
,Recommended,232090,26927435,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,{St} Luskey,sim
76561197985016922,Recommended,232090,28588120,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Grumpy Nic,"After 215 hours, most of it during early access I think I can recommend this. I saw it many times in the steam store and it didnt really look good to me. So once I watched one of my friends playing it and after 10 minutes found myself downloading it and jumped into the action.What can I say, there are loads of guns, lots of gore, different characters with different outfits and great voice acting. While during the early access some perks seemed to be a bit odd and not what I would expect, the game evolved and is at a very good point right now.I love to just jump onto any server and start headshotting, cutting off limbs, throwing grenades (lots of diffrent grenades) and blowing up zeds while the map we play in just turns from a normal environment into a slick, bloodstained, limb&torso covered slaughterhouse.The weapons all just feel right, from the puny but cheap 9mm up to the thundering of a .500 Magnum Revolver or maybe a full auto AA12. Or would u like to launch death in the form of a RPG at the hordes of zeds? U might also prefer to set these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s on fire and watch them stagger and scream until they finally die?You will want all of it and more.I could keep writing a lot more but I will finish with that.Committing zed genocide with dual wielding 1911 pistols.Thank you devs for making this game."
76561197999274600,Not Recommended,232090,24319114,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Toft,"this game will never get out of early access. Similar to most early access scams, the developers make lofty promises only to under-deliver and then break many if not most of their most important promises. Don't buy it until this game is finally released. This probably means dont buy it ever since its taking forever. Tripwire has effectively broken my trust in the company and I will not buy games from that company nor any of the projects the big heads are in ever again. Biggest waste of $30 I've ever spenthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qal-EVWcDn8&feature=youtu.be&t=30m56sGame actually managed to die DURING EARLY ACCESS. By next year the game will be dead unless you pay for their crappy cosmetics. Pretty much blackmailing its loyal fanbase and milking them for more cash money before the game has been officially released. What a JOKE LOl."
,Not Recommended,232090,19453445,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Cute Little Girl💕,"Tripwire lies, my wallet dies."
,Not Recommended,232090,23603495,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Bilbo Faggins,EARLY ACCESS DLCMost disappointing game of the decade...
,Not Recommended,232090,19256316,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Ric,Early Access and arleady some microtransactions and no updates. Tripwire never ceases to disappoint.
,Not Recommended,232090,19252529,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,XTRMNTR2K,"The game is light years away from being finished, yet they are introducing microtransactions into the game.Way to go, TWI.Oh well, at least I got an extra 16 gigs of space on my HDD now."
,Not Recommended,232090,23637658,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,2Joe,"[Reposting to remind everyone about this trash]""It will be Early Access done right""""It's not a cash grab, it's not get something out there to get me money""""It's about createing something that we can put out there and get feedback from players to polish it""Never buy Early Access, go play Killing Floor 1."
,Not Recommended,232090,23046942,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ZU.AB,Here is your new negative update.
76561198045553291,Not Recommended,232090,23663317,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,boombome,"enemy risistances can make some classes feel underpowered. dev's dont seem to be taking playerbase seriously. right now the game, while increasing in content, feels less polished than earlier builds. hopefully things get better. untill then i can't reccomend this game in its current state."
,Not Recommended,232090,23549339,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Gaith,"TheBulls-eye updateis one of the worst things that has happend to the game this far (before limiting the workshop in order to implementcrimefest2015-stylemicrotransactions). As they can't nor want to finish the game properly, they keep remaking and refixing perks that were already good and balanced, some classes are now nerfed to the point they are unplayable while others, like this new sharpshooter, are godlike OP, the new character is ridiculous, they haven't fixed zed teleportation and probably never will, the maps are literaly made by the community and were available before the update, and the new resistances mechanic has proven to be a bad idea, as it makes the game much less fun.Instead of releasing the game already, they are trying to elongate the early access state as much as they can, adding content that should already be in the game and calling it anew and grandiose FREE update. This is a game inearly accessguys, finish it and then add free expansions that most of us wont care about (like revege of the zeds) and maps wich, by the way, are made by the community, then what are you adding? we could already play on those maps and many more, we don't need more maps, the community will make them, just like it has been making the items you are selling via microtransactions.I say if you are planning on buying this game, don't do it, wait for the oficial release, and then read the reviews, you can play killing floor 1 untill then."
,Not Recommended,232090,19276468,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Big Dictionary SAGE,"WIth significant time and support spent playing Tripwire's games, I'm disappointed to see certain business practices proliferating. Personally I have had terrible experiences with in-game economies whether TF2 or Diablo 3 RMT.There are many conditional aspects to their press release that invite scrutiny about balancing classes, difficulties and maps with paid content. Regardless, thought I would spend the time to say BEWARE about thinking you are nothing more than a paid beta tester for this game to eventually for F2P or worse disguising it's own business practices as 'enabling future free content'. Quite a carrot to drop in front of people who supported you in EA.Gets a NO, I pathologize the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this developer."
,Not Recommended,232090,23782472,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,swag scout the pirate way,"UNTILL THEY FIX THE PROBLEM WITH THE BUGSPLATS DO NOT GET THIS GAME if you have a radeon card, or amd cpu I dont know what one it is but I get bugsplats every 5 minutes like clockwork. And I am not the only one I can find MANY people with the same problem, and no fix for it at all just spend $30 on a game and cant play it."
,Not Recommended,232090,19258979,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,operator,"The game is in Early Access, and yet Tripwire thinks that every time they release new stuff they can call it ""Free Content"". Guess what, Tripwire? It's not free. I paid for it, you morons, and you are simply delivering what's owed to me.The game is in Early Access, and yet Tripwire thinks that it's alright to ADD MICROTRANSACTIONS to the game, even despite the backlash Overkill received by doing the same a mere two weeks ago. It beggars belief that a developer who hasn't even finished the game would have the gall to add microtransactions to it. ""Oh but, the team that was working on the microtransactions is seperate to the team that's developing the rest of the game."" So you're telling me that you couldn't just have both teams working on the game?As of writing, Gunslinger isn't even out yet. The Firebug and Demo pack was released several months ago and no major balance changes have been made, except all the screw-ups that they did in that pack. There are still so few maps that you can count them on a hand and the game is devoid of content.Tripwire has gone the way of the greedy developer scamming people into buying Early Access. Do NOT buy this game until it is finished. Look at Vermintide or something else. I wish I could get a refund."
,Not Recommended,232090,27404567,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Midareru,"Pretty looking game, has a few fun perks. Sadly fails to feel as exciting and fun as KF1 however.Good if you like running around and killing things, with absurd looking cosmetics everwhere."
,Recommended,232090,35082458,Posted: 20 September,all,Mimi ☠,Love this game.
,Recommended,232090,17072714,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,#`GHo$T .. !™,For an early access it's amazingly smooth .. it's  looks exactly like Killing Floor 1 (which is not a bad thing) but upgraded in every way! It's everything I could have wanted/hoped for in the sequel :D
,Not Recommended,232090,23607071,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Sir Frederick A. Nicebutt III,Things may get better I may change my review but untill tripwire actually listens to it's fanbase I see it all going down hill jump♥♥♥♥♥♥while you can
76561198088954992,Not Recommended,232090,23047024,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,AbandonAllHope,Nexon 2.0
,Recommended,232090,15478905,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Yuzz,"As the game enters Early Access, I would say this game is a definite buy. Even for a non-release game, this game is farm more polished than many others that are in later states of release.Pros:Amazing Optimization, even on lower end machines the game looks great.Gameplay: The gameplay is fluid, easy to understand, and leaves plenty of room for a high skill ceiling. Who doesn't like killing waves and waves of mutated clones, and making your gameplans to do so even more efficient.Tons of Replayability: Thanks to the gore and animation systems, this wave-based survival game feels new and fresh each time you start a new round.Map SDK: Community made maps have amazing potential to bring more near-professional grade content, if Killing Floor 1 map makers are any gauge of what is to come with the sequel's lifespan.Cons:Because of Early Access, the game's balance is subject to change. The current boss, Hans Volter, among other things like perk tallent, money gain, and weapon costs and damage, are in need of tweaking.Meh:Persistant Blood: The persistant blood system is a bit over rated. If you are not running a top-tier GPU, you will most likely not be making use of the Real Time Shadows, without which the blood in the game tends to look more and more like raspberry presevers. As a map persists and more zeds are killed, the map looks like it is coated more and more of this fruity spread.Music: The current music system feels placeholder. Music will play periodically but is not synchronised with the rest of your team, meaning that a moment of intensity thanks to your favorite song on the sound track could be really anticlimactic because your team is listening to something completely different.Overall, if you enjoyed Killing Floor 1, then you will most likely enjoy the sequel. Tripwire Interactive hit it out of the park with this game, capturing what kept the original so captivating and only refining it into a unique and yet familiar experience. If you did not enjoy or play Killing Floor 1, and are warry of early access games, then be warry. In its current state, the game is quite barren of content, although it will become more robust as the game progresses."
,Recommended,232090,15662642,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Gus Fring,"Should you buy Killing Floor 2?Yes, it is an early access game it is very well polished. I (personally) have found very little bugs and it has never crashed. It is also very well optimized. (I have GTX 770 and an i7 3770k and max out the game at full settings.) Although there are only three maps and not many guns it still possesses a great deal of replayability. The guns feel solid and it doesn't feel like you are just shooting paint balls at a tank. The maps are okay. In my opinion, Paris is the best map out of the three and a good successor to West London. For those who claim that Killing Floor 2 is a nicer looking Killing Floor, well, it is. But, what the ♥♥♥♥ were you expecting? Bioshock? Call of Duty? L4D2? THIS IS KILLING FLOOR, and not any of those games!!!! It has some gameplay changes, (perk system is slightly different, scrakes now scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me, an advanced gore system, and some dynamic environment light♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it is mostly killing floor. It is a sequel to a hoard wave based game. There isn't much you could completely change and make it look different. So if you finished reading this and haven't bought this game yet, then I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ is wrong with you!"
76561198005429479,Recommended,232090,15573268,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Pequod,Just Beautiful
76561198059869393,Not Recommended,232090,19244619,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,GianTDIX,"I maybe not have played too much because there was no content and slow updates.Now they are even locking more content in RNG paywall without even release the full game.Good job Valve, the virus sure worked with your key system.I never though I would say this but.. I miss DLCs."
76561198057900572,Not Recommended,232090,19246736,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Mr. Bunny,"Game was looking good until microtransactions were introduced, the microtransactions are basically the same as CS:GO, so basically overpriced, unfair and random skins.I do not recommend this game to anyone because of this, I have lost all respect and trust for these developers, do not give into this microtransaction crap, these poor business practices are ruining games."
76561198005363657,Not Recommended,232090,19637974,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Steve1596,"I would of recommended this game a while back but these new patches disguised as 'Content Packs' are ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous, they are just finishing the game and adding whats missing/expected then calling them content packs. Avoid like the plague before microtransaction and payday 2 volumes of DLC start pouring your way."
,Not Recommended,232090,23551163,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Slaanesh,"microtransactions, bad optimization, silencing people for their opinion, extremely slow development progress, announcing ""work in progress"" PS4 version before finishing the game for people who already paid for the gamegreat job Tripwire!"
76561197963249657,Not Recommended,232090,23626774,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,D'waH!!!!!,I big step in terms of personal interest for sharpshooter class. Still with no new guns for other classes the seems bland.
32453653543647643,Not Recommended,232090,22686630,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Sanctuary_,what happened with the splatter effects?? They look like♥♥♥♥♥♥after the new update...Tripwire fix that.
,Recommended,232090,31645186,Posted: 9 May,all,MegaKoi,lots of shooting n blood +heavy metal
,Not Recommended,232090,22325902,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Possibly ZazZ,"I REALLY want to recommend this game, I do. I loved KF1, but, with all the cons that KF2 brings it seems to outweigh how much the game is good about.They're adding PVP: Who wanted that?!Microtransactions... IN EARLY ACCESS: Really... C'mon there are other ways to make money than that...The 10 perks that they said they would add STILL aren't in yet AFTER A YEAR (Only 7 out of 10):   :(Multiple Perks unbalanced / needs a huge buff / nerf: YOU DID IT RIGHT IN KF1!As for the Pros, there are a couple, but they don't overweigh the cons enough.No more paying for the DLC weapons: Cool!Its a sequel to a pretty good game: Ehh... A couple of sequel games are pretty terrible, this is almost in that category.It seems to be on sale most of the time: Thats pretty cool, but some may think that it might be because of bad sales.More perks than last game: Cool, but they really need to get that in order. Balancing, ADDING THEM, ect.Overall, KF2 isn't a BAD game, but, it doesn't seem to live up to the name of KF1.However this game is still in Early Access and I believe that the Devs will eventually get to making this game into its former glory.Thanks for reading my review, if I missed anything, feel free to tell me."
,Not Recommended,232090,20826260,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,ulfurfenrir,"Most of the time you will just stay in a spot and its f***ing boring. I wish theres a mechanic that you have to move around, Maybe grabbing items that can help defeat the final boss or an area will be danger zone (DANGER ZONE!!!! ~Arher). and Supports are useless! I tried to seal doors but my lvl20+ teammates hates it, no sense of blocking them.Hope it gets better after the early access!"
,Recommended,232090,15494084,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Nedur Frog,The most playable game which spent you more than 500 hours to finish the achievement has come back!The blocking made Berserker a perk which requires more skill (and harder to play with high pings.)Reasons you should play it :Better hitbox than KF1.fully Death Metal soundtracks.it's Killing Floor 2.
,Not Recommended,232090,19249769,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Grabbed_by_the_spetsnaz,"Back in the older days, during Red Orchestra and Killing Floor, Tripwire was known to be a honest, true-to-heart bunch of game developers. They were known for shipping the game 100% and having some of the best DLC options avalible, no core content was cut, and DLC was optional and fun!So when I saw that TWI was launching Killing Floor 2 early to show how ""Early access done right"" I jumped right on board, TWI hasn't let us before, right?It's been 7 months since early access, the content we've recived is barebones at best, one update with 2 perks and 3 maps, besides that we've been left in the dark, with nothing but a bi-weekly ""What we are up to"", which is two maybe paragraphs of words, and a .Gif file of the same content they showed last week and even that has been skipped out on several times.This wouldn't have been so bad, but then they started showing thier true intent....Since the launch of Early access, we've had the following:- Day one, on disc DLC (DJ Skully)- Locked content requiring paid games to play with (Zweihander, Tom Banner, Anton Strasser)- Microtrasactions a la TF2 and CS:GO where you need crate and key to buy.Not out of early access, only had one of the updates that we had been prmised, but had to endure the release of several updates which have blocked content behind a paywall one way or the other. It's obvious now where TWI has make it's bed, and that it's not the same company that it started as.If you want to see ""Early access done right!"" Look at ""Nuclear throne"" and ""Squad."" Because it's not here!"
,Not Recommended,232090,19274070,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Radical Potbellyed Goblin Agenda,Better Give it  microtransactions.
,Not Recommended,232090,19263192,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,GHEIST,"So essentially most of my fears have come to fruition and worse,Balancing is still a mess, they've dedicated valuable developement time in an already tired situation to a pvp mode nobody ever asked for, simple quality of life features aren't being added in, welding is still largely useless and the prices on cosmetics are absolutely insane. To top it all off Tripwire is doing little to nothing in the way of actual developement and overmoderating the forum.DO NOT BUY.// INITIAL REVIEW BELOW //Extremely slow to add new content, class balancing is a mess, pr spins promised and integral content patches as ""free"" when they're paid for, microtransactions added before release instead, crate system. Time will tell how ridiculously overpriced weapon skins will become thanks to the rng, rarity and wear and tear levels a la csgo. Don't buy this now while it's in early access.This is early access, done wrong.I may rewrite this review based on future changes."
,Not Recommended,232090,19249690,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Weenis,"Paid microtransactions before releasing content that was promised?Completely breaking their own commitment ""our goal is to have KF2 out before the end of 2015.""Out for so long, 2 classes and 3 maps.Killing the community, killing the fans, killing the playerbase.Uninstalling this now, shame it is too late to get a refund."
,Not Recommended,232090,19250450,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,♥Cotton Candy♥,"The game wasn't worth $30 for the content available. But I get that, it's early access with more stuff to come right?Well if you thought that 'more stuff' meant any meaningful game content then you're looking at the wrong game and wrong devs."
,Not Recommended,232090,23963372,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,#Jokke | DK,Nice to know that they focus money over gameplay.Please take the micro transactions into the backyard and shoot it
,Not Recommended,232090,23679542,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Remigar,"Literally all you had to do to make the game good was fix demoman and somehow you managed to screw it up.I thought I had learned my lesson after the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that was RO2, but I have been duped again.Never again, Tripwire."
,Not Recommended,232090,19259061,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,-=GMz=- CH3SSL0RD3 | ELO3K d-_-b,There's a microtransaction in it.
76561198078188251,Not Recommended,232090,19464373,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Agosaxv2.0.4+,"A bit boring , maybe good for a free weekend."
76561198041462755,Not Recommended,232090,23954194,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Sok Se Suy,The game will never be finished
,Not Recommended,232090,23605701,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,noobvswild,they couldnt even hold back from rebranding their logo
,Not Recommended,232090,23952850,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Bushidoalpaca,save your money by not buying this game and getting killing floor 1 instead
76561198018939287,Not Recommended,232090,24019407,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,canie,"Disgusting business practices, delayed development, not as good as KF1. It has a lot of potential but wait for it to be finished before buying."
,Not Recommended,232090,22232059,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Zhangar,Microtransactions before the game is even released. You dont need a larger sign of not to buy it than this.
,Not Recommended,232090,23619006,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Thegreen16,Not worth your money or time
,Not Recommended,232090,19257774,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Darude Xrd,over 7 months of early access and all we got is 2 perks and a few maps and now we get stupid CRATES announced CRATES as a PAID DLC in EARLY ACCESS TITLE. What is tripwire even thinking? i cannot give the game good review because at this time game should be already finished with all the content in. Instead of adding meaningfull gameplay content they decided to spend half a year working on those stupid cosmetics...
,Not Recommended,232090,19256149,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,LongTimeNoSiege,"This was the first Early Access game I ever purchased, and it will be the last. The game has been in EA for almost 8 months now and it's not even close to being finished. Instead, they're taking their time to add a cash shop to the game, and already talking about weapon pack DLCs before the game is even officially released. If this is ""Early Access done right"" then I shudder to think of what ""Early Access done wrong"" could be."
,Recommended,232090,15691488,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Fry The Brain,"Amazing. Simply, amazing.Wave upon wave of zeds feels like I'm having multiple goregasms.The leveling system is good.The M.E.A.T. system is phenomenal.Soundtrack adds the right atmosphere to the ""ultra-violence""The asthetics within the maps, characters, and monsters goes to show just how much work and refinement were put into creating a next-gen style of art.I don't know what else to write, just that I cannot wait for future updates! It already feels like a finished product, and I cannot wait for more!"
76561198021916109,Not Recommended,232090,19258651,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,BZA,The developers are just screwing around at this point. Don't waste your time or money until the game is offically released and you know what the full product will be
,Not Recommended,232090,19298622,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Finn Mertens,Microtransactions were introduced even before the base game was released.
,Not Recommended,232090,19302174,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,AtomicToast,"I was gonna save my review for the 'official' release, but as far as i'm concerned adding in micro-transactions makes this as full a release as any.So is this game with it's current content worth paying for?Hell no. Not at all. There's almost nothing here. Barely a handful of maps, a single gamemode, a small number of classes each which only specialize in the same four or so tiers of weapon. It's boring. It looks nice and plays good but there's simply not enough content to actually enjoy here. You're much better off just playing KF1 instead, even without the DLC.The devs are moving at a snail's pace to actually keep this game going and the playerbase is dying quickly as a result. Come back in a few years when there's maybe a decent number of maps and all the perks are actually in place."
,Not Recommended,232090,19465430,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Tumor man,Not even fully released and it has microtransactions
,Not Recommended,232090,21607029,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,MercenaryMH,Almost a year in early access and they haven't done not even the half of the to do list but somehow microtransations got top priority!The game is really fun and i totally recommned it  but i dont support this kind of developersbuy it when is out of early access if they ever get out!
76561198069647537,Recommended,232090,18443269,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Pathfinder,"First off.. its still early acces but its still a hell of alot of fun.The game has tactics that you have to master and perks to level up.As it is still early acces the game feels finished already but thats just my oppinion.Very adictive when you get the hang of it and loads of fun to play with friends, heck...even with random people online (the KF2 community) very great and nice people!1.Is it worth to buy the game as it is right now?- Well up to you... I would say yes!2.Should I wait until the game has more content?- Again up to you... But your going to miss out ;)Overall great game not to mention the animations and the graphics. But that's for youto look at when you play the game."
,Not Recommended,232090,27193450,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CLOVER,"Tripwire: ""How do you want KF2 to be post Early Access?""Me: ""JUST FK MY GAME UP""Tripwire: ""Say no more, Fam"""
76561198062468423,Not Recommended,232090,20571001,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,evilmonkey9361,"Dear Fellow Steam Users interested in Killing Floor 2,Simply put, this game is not worth your money (Yet). Seeing how it is in early access, it is understandable that it has a lackof content. But having been out for months, this game has about as much content as a blank piece of paper. There are afew maps and only 2 bosses that are consistently rehashed over and over but there is not enough variety to keep you coming back. You can experience everything the game has to offer inabout 4 or 5 hours so i cannot reccommend the game at this time. Definitely wait for future release."
76561197995823838,Not Recommended,232090,19380803,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,FanFan Fantastic,"lost what ppl wantted from KF1 no guns nothingGET RID OF THE RESISTENCE SYSTEM, SUCH PIECE OF <3"
76561198058822651,Not Recommended,232090,19316521,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,evaDMCDWM,"Everything that killing floor does really well this game does really badly, hopefully that will change when the game is finished but i dont hold much hope. Graphics are nice but feel a little cartooney"
,Not Recommended,232090,23541908,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Ramlrm,I loved the first game and when this first released onto steam I bought it right away. My issues are why introduce a new game mode when the current one is unfinished. The game needs to finish its classes and finish out of early access but the updates are very slow to come. A bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dlc. This is turning into what happened to payday 2 with its loot crate crap I mean come on you are going to call your title early access and then put micro transactions in the game. F this game I am done with tripwire interactive. You can put me on a never buying another game from this company list.
,Not Recommended,232090,19353106,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Superdude,"Microtransaction released before the game is done, stay away from this."
,Not Recommended,232090,19246045,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,C14,game introduces microtransactions before it's even finishedgood job tripwiregood job
,Not Recommended,232090,19272438,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Naz-eek CSOFFER.ME CS.MONEY,MICROTRANSACTIONS!??!?!?!??!ARE YOU F-ING KIDDING ME?!?!?!?!?
76561197978137965,Not Recommended,232090,19272190,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,½ sodium,"Not much content yet, hardly ever updated, not much added in 9 months, and now microtransactions in early access.  Don't support this."
,Not Recommended,232090,19304382,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Mafufo The Weed Dog,I feel dead inside. See you guys at Fallout 4.
,Not Recommended,232090,19258746,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Ageia,"Please give me a break, An early access game with micro-transactions?Shouldnt you be I don't know... finishing the game? cosmetics items are all fine and dandy but I'm confused where the months of 'development' have went to since this game went into early-access.The classes seem to be horribly balanced, I can solo hard with a mid level pyro class, support class even more soThere only seem to be a 'few' cool weapons per class the rest seem to be shared and the regular boring 'rifles' etc we see from every FPS out there, there are only a few offical maps and still remain only one boss. The only time this developer release some actual content it was classes they had from the original game and toted it as 'free'No new classes from the ones in KF1, the game pretty polished and feels nice when you're playing but the lack of content and features keep it hard to keep playing once you startPretty nice OST but with the issues of spending their time developing 'cosmetic' items for the VERY few characters they have in the game and weapon skins for the small amount of weapons in the game make this feel like Tripwire is attempting to further empty the wallets of their costumersSo far I regret buying this game since this is the direction the company seems to want to head and cant reccommend it to anyone else"
,Not Recommended,232090,19243779,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Boogie Night,"This game seems to care about 2 things only, Microtransactions and the berseker. In the 7 months it has been out we have gotten two updates that released a few extra perks and a few extra maps. Each update has made the berseker a GOD in game. Got a level 25 zerk? you can just about beat Hell on Earth by yourself easily. It has gone down hill from day one and can not even muster 1000 people in game so good luck finding a match with 6 people.EDIT 12/22/2015The game has done some decent updates I would guess... I mean Beserker has been nerfed some, but other classes have been nerfed that should not of been and others buffed that definetly should not have been."
,Not Recommended,232090,23548431,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Dweeby Pheobe ✯,"Micro-transactions, slow updates, clunky, and lacking in content for the price they demand.Not worth $40 (USD).Censoring negative feedback is also a big ♥♥♥♥♥♥ red flag."
,Not Recommended,232090,23631682,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Crusty,"Honestly, dont buy this game.The devs dont know anything about why people liked the first Killing Floor and they are doing their hardest to ♥♥♥♥ this one up in every way they possibly can."
,Not Recommended,232090,19279838,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Deepest Regrets,Billed as greenlight done right. One update in seven months. The second update is bringing microtrasactions.Stay away. KF2 is dead.
,Not Recommended,232090,19250024,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Derp,"Lies after lies.So some recap:First of all, every single pay to win starts with purely cosmetic.--KF2 wouldn't be reduced in priceBecause sales doesnt count.--no DLC before the game is finishedMicrotransaction doesnt count. But wait... they admit there will be DLCs. Did I time traved and the game's finished?--Approximately how long will this game be in Early Access? “Until it’s done... No, we're not kidding. We know we’ve all seen games hit Early Access and seemingly never get to the point of Full Release, but our goal is to have KF2 out before the end of 2015.Okay...--sidegradesOk so Zwei is a what? SIDEGRADE? WITH WHAT? Sidegrade to what?--communicateAre you feeling it? Can you feel that they are trying to communicate?--.... and.........Oh, I should just stop.Now, TWI said it will be purely cosmetic. You choice."
,Not Recommended,232090,22319648,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Saragrl,"Game was great for a while, I bought it right aftter the demolition pack.  That was over 6 months ago.  Since then only two new maps, and a perk I could care less about.  I am a very easy customer to please, I pretty much only play medic.  A new map a month and a new gun every couple months and I would give a yes review.Instead we get microtransactions.  Seriously!?!  When you called updates free content packs I was a little worried, but understood that it made it seem more like an event.  This would make the game more visible, than a simple quiet update.  Microtranactions are a slap to the face.  All I see is your artists making hats since making maps seems to be out of their skillset.I don't know why at some point over the hollidays you decided to stop making KF2 instead packing it with things no one wants.You posted a job opening for lead designer with the bullet point -Work closely with the Lead Level Designer to manage the creation of levels.  So is your lead creator sitting around makinng cosmetics until this new guy tells him to make maps again?  Hire a lead level designer who can work independently,  KF is not a new IP, there is a visual style already fleshed out, so either he is imcompetant, or your company hierarchy is so ♥♥♥♥ed he is unable to work independently without the the OK from a lead designer which you don't have."
,Not Recommended,232090,19244201,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Ninja Turtles,"Game is in early accessForums are full of TWi fanboys who defend TWi for everythingTakes them too long to release content to the game I PAID FOR, waiting for it to FINISH, so FREE CONTENT update is just insultingThe Demolitionist perk has been unbalanced for months, they apparently playtest these perks for 'balance'Has a EULA which totally revokes your steam key for any given reasons of theirs.But that isn't the worst part at all.  They had the nerve of adding ♥♥♥♥♥♥ CSGO copy paste cases into a game in EARLY ACCESS and say there will be paid for weapons in the future.TWi said they'd later on add actual non-skin weapons to the crate systemSome people also don't like to gambleSome people would rather support the devs once they, you know, finish the game they'd delayedAlso TWi promised refunds during EA, but backed outhttps://gyazo.com/e994dc2afd7d8b8ebd93056a3891d305But you mindless fanboys say""it'sinearlyaccess and theydon'taddstatssoit'salwaysok.""totally has nothing to do with people being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ tired of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ crate system valve is forcing down our throats or the fact that you can no longer earn all content in a game without paying extra, or the low quality of what they're offering, or the fact that it's cutting into supposedly precious development time, or the fact that it's being added to a game that already has an entry price and very little content to justify that price at the time being.And you call us haters, we aren't. We just aren't mindless slaves who'd love it if TWi slapped us in the face with a spiked shovel. We like KF2, which is why we don't want it to hell.It was already sketchy with the two crossover promotion characters and ""free content update"" tag on Incinerate N Detonate. But this...Apparently WE are entitled for wanting game devs not to be greedy and actually fixing their ♥♥♥♥, even though WE paid the full 30 bucks expecting a finished game in our life times.MT's have killed Co-op PvE as a whole, I want to die now, thanks TWi for giving me the urge to kill myself.  Foster and Skully, you will be missed."
76561198006217347,Not Recommended,232090,23566415,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Anticitizen1 [Raven Guard],"When this game released almost 13 months ago it had a lot of promise, the graphics were awesome and it featured some genuinely new and exciting tech such as high FPS gun animations. Since then the game has gotten progressively worse with almost every update which has culminated with the recent Bullseye update which has destroyed the game flow and nerfed most perks.I will simply list the pro's and con's of this game as they stand right now and let you decide for yourself whether this game is woth purchasing:Pros:Graphics are good.Weapon animations are great.Zed animation is decent but not perfect, the zeds will still jump right up when they encounter small obstacles in the environment.Cons:Very poor balance which actually got worse with more updates. The balance when the game entered EA was actually better than what it is now.Tedious gameplay. Due to the recent update, the gameplay of KF2 has suffered immensely. It used to take a single headshot to eliminate a low level zed such as the Stalker or Gorefast, after the update you will have to pump multiple headshots just to cause a decap, this hasn't made the game more challenging but instead added unnecessary grind.Developers do not adhere to the principles of Early Access, they disregard the vast majority of feedback whether it is constructive or not. Your feedback will not shape the direction of game development.Extremely slow updates, there were 6 months between major content updates that contained a new perk.Multiple instances of forum bans for people offering constructive feedback on the state of game and balance. At the same time, those who supported developers got away with multiple forum rules violations.There are multiple bugs that have persisted for many months such as disappearing projectiles afflicting the Demo weapons.Unwanted features. Zed teleportation is a prime example of this, it has been an immersion breaking and wildly unpopular feature that has been in the game since the start and it appears that it will not be removed.Crate + Key Microtransactions have been added to the game during the EA phase.Very limited amount of content. There is simply not enough content in the game, there are only about 4 (sometimes 5) weapons per perk, 2 bosses, and something like 12 maps, two of which are community made with reused assets. It doesn't help that a great many weapons are severely underpowered and quite frankly, useless.The Perk Tree feature that was supposed to give you choice in how you played the game is a failure in its execution because in most cases there is an obvious right choice and an obvious wrong choice.Poor development priorities. Versus mode is a prime example of this, the vast majority of players were against this idea and instead wanted an Objective mode or Infinite Wave mode but Tripwire implemented it anyway. In its current state it is unplayable due to extremely poor balance and there are fears that balancing decisions for the core PvE mode are being affected negatively by the need to balance the PvP mode."
76561197970238027,Not Recommended,232090,19296841,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Rixhm,Another company falling from grace. It is not ok to develop paid DLC for a game that is still unfinished.
,Not Recommended,232090,19292426,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Chuckacon,Microtransactions before the game is even out.
76561197982565433,Not Recommended,232090,21556885,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ruwagrong,Added microtransactions instead of content to finish the game
,Not Recommended,232090,29410212,Posted: 21 January,all,Ethical Lune™,"Killing Floor 2 is a fun game, but the devs refuse to listen to the community at all.Classes are unbalanced with some being extremely OP and some being awful, and Versus is an ungodly mess they obviously rushed out and gave up on right away, which is a shame because it has a lot of potential.Every patch they unbalance and break things, no exceptions (seriously), it's like they have no playtesting or simply don't care.The exceptionally slow development speed is disheartening as well.This has been going on for a very long time.I want to endorse this game but the way the devs refuse to fix issues and keep screwing everything up over and over again is just depressing."
76561198010144636,Recommended,232090,19250661,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,[IJC] Ivan,"I really enjoy playing this game. It has nice gunplay, cool animations and has lots of funny moments."
76561198096094950,Recommended,232090,19485622,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,The Masked Man,"Here people, did you not read this before jumping to conclusions?http://killingfloor2.com/Zedconomy/faq.html"
76561198160120172,Not Recommended,232090,23472199,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Sniffing Vicodin In Paris,"Imagine if game would actually be improved... Nah, beta forever and 0 new content. Buying discouraged"
,Not Recommended,232090,19284182,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Unforseen Lemonquences™,"Why do people think microtransaction is a good ♥♥♥♥ing idea? Did Tripwire not take lessons from Overkill? If it was solely cosmetic, i guess i can still look past that, but if they were planning to add exclusive weapons in these box, then they're actually doing a worse job than Overkill. Because while they say if one person owns the weapon in a game server (when it appears under shared content), they are relying on a flawed system that works only if they think nearly every player do what they think players would do just because they thought about it.Take for example the zweihander sword. I don't know about Americas and Europe, but in SEA the sword is hardly avaliable. Additionally, as time passes by and more and more of these ""box exclusive"" weapons start propping out, the flaws of the system begin to show as a large number of weapons will be locked behind a randomized paywall. I could go on about why this is a bad idea, but people such as Jim Sterling, AlphaOmegaSin, Boogie, TB and whatnot have already did a far more eloquent job than i could.This recommendation stands until they change their decision and remove microtransaction or at the very least make it open ONLY cosmetic items.EDIT: MICROTRANSACTIONS ARE HERE BOIS. Tripwire be like loadsamoney ft. Harry EnfieldEDIT1: its April of 2016 and Killing Floor 2 STILL isn't out of ""early access"". ♥♥♥♥ing glad i stop playing this before I get as disappointed as I was with Payday 2. Tripwire is sure tripping over their loyal ""old guard"" customers like they're sheeps to slaughter. Even World War 1 frontline cannon fodders were given more respect.EDIT2: Definately digging the new steam review system in place. Now people can see the scum of the game that is KF2, hiding behind all those early positive reviews to give it that ""positive"" cap that can misguide players buying into something they don't actually like. Also, its STILL isn't out of Early Access (heh, EA for you). Also, apparently there's PVP ♥♥♥♥in lmao. No surprise. Have more Harry Enfield."
,Not Recommended,232090,19325689,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,faker1089,"Microtransactions on an unfinished game you say? Ha, that's a good joke....oh wait."
,Not Recommended,232090,19249256,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Wild Saber,"Community funded cash shop prioritized over maps, perks and weapons. Do not make the same mistake I did, do not fund early access games that will never be finished."
,Not Recommended,232090,19241940,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Choxiee,Microtransaction ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t while in Early Access.
,Not Recommended,232090,19241273,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Borsch-man,"Microtransactions are such a nice idea, every game should include them, even in early access! I mean, look how great it worked for Payday2, right?!""B-but how about TF2?! HOW ABOUT CS:GO?!"" No, just no. It's okay for TF2 to have this bullcrap since it's F2P, but CS? Very much dislike it there, so no, thank you. It did wonders for Evolve tho, right? Like. 300 players is a stable online for a PvP game I tell ya!To hell with updates, with fixing things, people don't really need something like this, no, Just more skins, yo! Content? No, but you can get a nice key for your case only for 3.99 USD! Go get em champ!Tripwire, what the ♥♥♥♥ are you doing? You said that there won't be paid ""mods"" and yet, you just gave 0 ♥♥♥♥♥ about your statements because hell, it's not mods if you include it in game!.My problem is that people get glorified casino, but everything is fine because it's cosmetic. It's not fine, it's horrible. No problems with microtransactions in it itself but hell, I'm feeling pretty down since every single game had me buttsexxed by em. You won a really clutch match? Have a case that you have to pay to unlock, enjoy your reward we gave you. It does affect my enjoyment overall, because every single time I get a crappy case/crate/whatever it feels like a spit in my face. I wish people understood that, but I guess it's too much to ask."
,Not Recommended,232090,19251077,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,♂ GAYWARD ♂,For ♥♥♥♥ sake. First Overkill came with their stupid DLCs and with even worser microtransactions in PAYDAY 2... AND NOW YOU TRIPWIRE?! This game isn't finished yet. What a ♥♥♥♥ing shame that I can't refund it right now. Why should I pay multiple times? First time for the whole game and then for some stupid skins/weapons which are gonna be probably pay to win?
76561198065643445,Not Recommended,232090,19464105,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,SCREAM2NIGHT,"Employee 1: ""Overkill released microtransactions, we should too!""Employee 2: ""But they got huge community backlash!""Employee 1: ""Thats because they promised not to, we never made such promises, we will be fine.""Employee 2: ""I think this is a mistake.""Employee 1: ""Trust me, we will be fine.""-----One Update Later-----Look around at all the other reviews, what employee do you think was right?"
,Recommended,232090,32863333,Posted: 27 June,all,GreyRookTV,"Do you like killing wave after wave of icky looking and occasionally annoying mobs, broken intermittently by a snarky disembodied voice of a woman who clearly has nothing better to do? Then this game is for you!The game play is solid, the classes balance out one another well enough. It's a bit mindless and repetitive, but sometimes I'm okay with that for the viscera of shooting lots of things that probably ought to be shot at.I find this fun with a friend or two. A bit less so on my own."
76561198027777080,Recommended,232090,32901870,Posted: 27 June,all,Nazura,Brought the Monkey Scrake back from KF110/10
,Recommended,232090,32582724,Posted: 19 June,all,★_Reisen,"Ten classes (unforgivably called ""Perks"") that you can level up by playing as (or simply using their weapons as a different class) to level 25. Each gains ~unique stat increases on leveling, but every five levels they will unlock the choice of two perks (I don't know what the game calls them - skills?) for that level tier, so five by level 25. You can switch between them at any time, ie go from +75% health to +2hp regen and increased move speed as berserker. This makes the game for me.Similar concept to L4D2 gameplay wise, playing the same maps (though there's a decent amount in KF2, and 4 difficulties) over and over killing zombies (""zeds"" this time around - technologically enhanced zombie-like creatures) with whatever weapons you choose. Except this time it's.. better.. uh, this time you get to grind for EXP while doing it! So it's L4D2 with ten classes and a lot more weapons and a leveling mechanic that grants slight stats and perks (or ""skills"", whatever, calling classes perks is my only real grievance with the game).Expensive when not on sale ($30 USD), but not completely unreasonable. Great value at 50% off though, if you have any interest in this sort of thing it could definitely end up with hundreds of hours' playtime."
,Recommended,232090,30820662,Posted: 29 March,all,mr.niceguy,"As the owner of first part...this is the best sequel the game can get.More weapons,newer enemies with enhanced visuals.I think its a pretty sweet deal specially if u get it at discount."
,Recommended,232090,32929854,Posted: 28 June,all,BlaBoo,it's fun. That it..also i reviewing because i want da summer sticker thing :P
,Recommended,232090,15801263,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,thatty,great game
76561198042081391,Recommended,232090,32311091,Posted: 10 June,all,Alphadroide,"Killing Floor 2 is over all a very good game. I rate it 10/10. The game has great graphics, and the gameplay is very good too. You can choose between different classes with other weapons and every of them is a lot of fun to play. If you like FPS-Games and if you like to play online with other players or friends I can strongly recommend this game to you. It will be worth your investment."
,Recommended,232090,23553234,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,hired,"The Early Access felt boring and lacking compared to KF1, I suppose for the obvious reason of it being in Early Access, now after two years the game has enough perks, maps and weapons to actually feel like a Killing Floor game.Interestingly Tripwire moved from the KF1 model of releasing new guns, characters and skins in DLC packs, which amounted to £96.79 worth of content on top of the base game, to a CSGO-esque model. Where ""CSGO-esque"" means they almost copied the exact system; I guess Valve showed there's money to be made in an RNG based system with an absurd Marketplace economy. But at least this time it only seems to be skins, emotes, etc. that are locked behind a key and crate so personally I'd say it's probably better.The ability to not only change your character but to also customise the head, body and other accessories is a welcome addition to the game in my book. As is the new perk leveling system; instead of an ""up to level 6 system"" where if you weren't level 6 you didn't have a decent starting weapon and most people would just kick you from the session you now get an perk relevant weapon from level 1 and up to level 25 you gain extra bonus eg. resistance to damage sources and increased weapon damage. Also, every 5 levels, per perk, you can choose one of two 'skills,' these skills allow you change/upgrade a lot of your mechanics/stats - again furthering your ability to customise in the game, this being the most significant though as it allows you to upgrade stats that suit your playstyle, directly affecting your game.The music is also great, as expected from Killing Floor."
76561197969372390,Recommended,232090,27353687,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mr. nails,"Pros:+Gore+Multiple enemies+Multiple stages+Multiple diffitculty settings+Two different bosses+Fantastic co-op+25 unique levels per character choice with multiple abilities to choose from+10 unique roles to choose from+Seasonal updates (monsters have Christmas skins)+Weekly challenges (rare drops if completed)+HUGE amount of community made maps (FREE workshop)+Continuous support/updates from developersCons:-Real money cosmetic purchases (see below)Killing Floor 2 is the successor to Killing Floor 1. It's a horde wave game with ammo and weapons that can be bought between waves. There's a total of 3 different wave lengths to choose from. You can pick 4, 7 or 10 waves. The 5th, 8th and/or 11th wave is the boss fight. You can also pick the difficulty which are either Normal, Hard, Suicidal or Hell On Earth. Each level of difficulty gets progressively harder.There's LOTS of gore!!! Everything from arms being shot off, legs being blown off, intestines spattering all over everywhere and heads exploding! Even more so if you're running a nVidia card, but be forwarned the settings for fluids and gibs will cripple your PC if it's not up to snuff.The devs have added more zeds (monsters) and more bosses this time around. There are a total of 6 small zeds, 4 medium sized zeds, 2 large zeds, and 2 bosses. Many cosmetic items have been implemented to purchase with real life money too. Many, many people have complained about this, but you DO NOT need to buy them. You can simply ignore them or get a chance at a FREE drop during your game. These are not needed for anything other than looks.There are 10 different types of classes and each specialize in a different weapon set.You can choose from:http://wiki.tripwireinteractive.com/index.php?title=Perks_(Killing_Floor_2)01. Commando - machine guns02. Support - shotguns03. Medic - healing the team04. Berserker - melee (tank)05. Gunslinger - pistols06. Firebug - flame weapons07. Demolition - explosions08. Sharpshooter - sniper09. Swat - sub machine guns10. Survivalist - jack of all traitsIt's imperative that the team work together to win each wave. If you try to lone wolf the game chances are you WILL die. Veterns of this series will fare better in going it alone, but still not advised. Even though you may not have chosen the healer class you CAN heal your team mates. You get money for killing and healing no matter what class you choose.A great game that has A LOT of replayability! Fans of KF1 and Call of Duty: Zombies should try this out. Very healthy community with a lot of servers to play on. See you in the grind!"
,Recommended,232090,27430124,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jay,"Once you start playing this game, you will find it's very addictive. Like me I can't stop playing this game lol the sound when you pop these zed's head up it just feels so good man. The developers take people comments and try to make the game better by adjusting it most of the time... even thought Tripwire are kinda lazy and they take forever to do it sometime too lol . Anyway, I highly recommended this game to you all new players."
,Recommended,232090,29401355,Posted: 21 January,all,R4M3T0,"I love it. , for real the gore the shooting everything, the game is completely optimized right. and Killing floor 2 is 10 times better than the first one"
76561198074416851,Recommended,232090,30804246,Posted: 28 March,all,zach hill,nice
76561198082786462,Recommended,232090,35479013,Posted: 4 October,all,ρรyrσε,5 out of 5 stars!Just play it and buy it worth every penny.
,Not Recommended,232090,19248973,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,[V-M] Proteus,"Microtransactions are being added for a game that hasn't even been out for 9 months, they spend about 4 months to add two additional perks and two new maps and then proceed to add cosmetic DLC/Microtransactions as well as weapon skins DLC/Microtransactions.In a game where the asking price is 20 quid I expect to be able to access all of the content for the original game in said base price, this includes everything made within the Early Access period, I have no problem with Tripwire's DLC format from KF1, make the original game then release new content but this new system will be nothing but irritation.One of the worst things about these items is that they are behind an arbitrary RNG drop system ala TF2 and CSGO, if these items were unlockable through achievements/store where prices aren't controlled by players I'd have no issue but the fact that they want even more money, especially from something they aren't even creating (skins are made by players, Tripwire gets 70% cut IIRC.)Save your dosh until the game is finished and see whether it is worth the asking price then, I had fun with the game but this is now a regretful purchase for me considering the route Tripwire is taking and I sincerely hope they change their mind and make these things unlockable via achievements rather than an RNG drop system at the end of waves, which may even give duplicates."
76561198027401190,Recommended,232090,26676949,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Icyrhythms,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdKgvtSM--g
76561198073611451,Recommended,232090,21352389,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Recker,What a nice game 10/10 Points !!
76561198011965365,Recommended,232090,15486933,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Saint Aaron,"The hours of my gameplay says it all..Just like killing floor 1 better weapons, better graphics, and MORE BLOOD!! Also dont get confused wiht the negative reviews on the game about it being microtransaction. ITS NOT. The money comes only for gun skins just like Counter strike global!Proslots of bloodNew monstersOffical servers play with 6.. Modded servers 100 players!!Better guns2 bosses inlcuding hons and patriarchGraphics amazingassets such as desk, tables, etc can get destroyedConsMost online ppl are dumb. Level 0-6s playing on the hardest mode. LIKE REALLY???"
,Recommended,232090,15510625,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,DEMENTED,It has a faster pace and looks great. I'm enjoying the hell out of it so far. Will update later.
,Recommended,232090,15523336,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,✜eXtatic✜,"When I first looked at Killing Floor 1 on a free weekend, I knew I was in love. Then this thing comes out, and I'm basically on a drug called addiction with this game. 10/10 dosh now has reflection in water / blood and flops around instead of staying in a spot. Buy this game, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,232090,15684975,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Comma-chan Le Jeu!,"Want to share your best time on free time or vacation with your friend. Just buy and play this. You and your friend will scream like a little ♥♥♥♥♥ when Fleshpond, Scrake and That Motherf*cking boss chase after your♥♥♥♥♥ Best simple Co-op game you will able play with your gang in a minute. ♥♥♥♥ GTAV. ♥♥♥♥ Pay Day 2. ♥♥♥♥ L4D. This game will rob your free time a lot. Trust me."
,Recommended,232090,15540948,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Higgue,"Finally, the much anticipiated game, HALF LI-  oh, uh...  Killing Floor 2.*ahem* sorry 'bout that.Killing Floor 2 is the Sequel to the much-loved game Killing Floor, that sprouted into existance back in 2005.  (whoaten10+years ago, what about that?)  Much fans adored the thought of a new Killing Floor game to come out, and we finally get it in shiny glory! (really, it's shiny.)GraphicsThe graphics in Killing Floor 2 are abseloutely stunning.  Being able to max it out on the fly with the proper Ultra setting, maxing everything out as possible.  The blood ends up making a gorey aftermath and shiny walling and floors. (ceilings, too!)  The Zeds have improved models and different sorts of variety in them, making a more visual experience all throughout.  With the introduction of weapon skins and character cosmetics, you can have a more visually-personalized arsenal and character that fits your liking.GameplayThe gameplay feels really clean and well done.  With each perk, you've got your different abilities and weapons to go with.  As well as a fine selection of perks to choose from, you are sure to find a playstyle that fits you.  The Zeds have been given a bit more of a kick, too.  Including different varieties of the generic, increased moves on higher difficulties and so-on so-forth.  With more perks, the more weapons you'll have to choose from.  Although you shouldn't be choosing weapons outside of your perk, there is plenty of weapons for you to interally debate on picking for the scenario.Re-creationFor what we have, there's not really much in terms of being re-created other than characters. (weapons?)  Biotics Lab isn't anything like the classic game's was, it's more of it's own style.  Which I'd say is a bit of an improvement and a nice move into being a bit more seperated from the orignal title other than the name and characters.  The Zeds have been given their own improvements as well, keeping with how their original designs were in KF1.With the Steam Workshop being a thing, we can expect many mappers out there to pick up the SDK and remake some of our favorite levels from the original game.TL;DR...Visually appealing, entertaining gameplay with variety, pretty well done and what we would've expected from a sequel of KF1.  Worth a buy!10/10'Cheer up, mate!  You'll be dead in a sec!'"
76561197960889881,Recommended,232090,27344630,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cleveland ∫teamer,Fun horde wave shooter with friends.  Want to be a dinosaur?  We got you.  Want to be an apocalyptic sawblade helm wearing maniac in a sundress?  We got you.  Lots of maps and the workshop is great.  Plenty of ways to play the game and kill your friends.
,Recommended,232090,33262114,Posted: 4 July,all,Dandelion,"I love the classes in this game.Berserker: Just go in with a chainsaw and mow some zeds downCommando: Just break out the MG and put a wall of lead between you and the enemy.Support: Take your USAS or DP12 and pummel zeds as they get through your chokepointField medic: Never gets boring. You have to kill zeds and heal your team every single second. Very challenging.Demolitionist: Just get an RPG and 'nade launcher and absolutely wreck♥♥♥♥♥♥Firebug: Hold down left click and fire away, literally.Gunslinger: Yee haw. Get the .500's and blow some zeds the ♥♥♥♥ away, especially the big ones. This class is underestimated.Sharpshooter: Fleshpound? No problem. Get that railgun out and smoke em.Survivalist: Who the ♥♥♥♥ plays survivalist? Thanks for being useless.If you haven't caught on, every single class is fun and addicting to play. Nothing is boring. It's so satisfying to just wreck everything."
,Not Recommended,232090,19240876,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Anijatsu,"Wrote ""♥♥♥♥ you, Tripwire"" on the news concerning the freshly squeezedmicrotransactions.Got banned from KF2 discussions.♥♥♥♥ you, Tripwire.The game also runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and's got no content. They're using it as a restricted demo, and noting their development, they would like to release only the AAA-quality content instead of posting everything that's going on with the game and gaining feedback from unfinished maps, model, weapons, perks.Early Access is not for this."
76561198093227644,Recommended,232090,32649689,Posted: 22 June,all,spidermastermind100,"The game is still up to date fun to play with mostly your friends, but not when events are happening. Mostly have to be the server issues and matchmaking, I can tell you how: 85% servers are all the time full, 10% servers locked by passwords only and 5% if you're lucky to have servers you can play alone or with pubs."
,Recommended,232090,28072120,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,KEFIR,5/5 stars
76561198055220870,Not Recommended,232090,23624727,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,iTossEggroll,I love Killing Floor. I hate microtransactions.
,Recommended,232090,33164462,Posted: 2 July,all,MrStealYourKillz,great gore game 10/10
,Recommended,232090,15507389,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,› infinite,"Killing Floor 2 is pretty awesome. You have 3 choices of map length (4, 7, and 10 waves), a few choices in difficulty, and 4 perks to play. The boss is challenging even on normal difficulty so I am sure Hell on Earth is pretty tough. There are not many maps out yet, but there is a Killing Floor 2 SDK for mappers.  Solid buy, will play a lot."
,Recommended,232090,15506517,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,crimsonrat,this is nice
,Recommended,232090,15494533,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,[Data Expunged],"For the last 10 years, I've never bought a game at full price.I always waited for the ""10 Bucks or less"" deal.Killing Floor 2 however was in my library 5 minutes after it went online on Steam for full price.Regrets?No. Completely worth it."
76561198200680101,Recommended,232090,28236393,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Abyss,its ok
,Recommended,232090,26363700,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Interritus,"Killing Floor has come a long way over the years. I started out playing the original Killing Floor when it first came out and put almost 1000's of hours into it (on an old Steam account) I was completely in love with it. Then I kept hearing announcements for Killing Floor 2. I sat at my computer, looking for leaks and anything else to find out exactly what was going to be coming for us KF lovers. Then it happened, Early Access. I immediately hit that ""Add to Cart"" button and was on my way to killing more zeds. At first it was very buggy, obviously, it was still very very early into the games development but it seemed a lot more solid of a game than the first Killing Floor. I didn't touch it again for about a year because I was busy dealing with some other things and then I started playing again today and realized just how far this game has come in the past year. So many new maps, new achievements, characters, weapons, crates, skins. I love it. This will always be my go to game when I need something to pass the time or I just want to be able to sit and play all day or night. (Might need to upgrade my computer to be able to play it at the graphics settings I want though)I definitely recommend for anyone that is looking for an amazing zombie game to give Killing Floor a go. Honestly one of the best games I have ever played in my life, hands down. So get out there and start killing some zeds. Its time for me to go work on leveling up my perks."
,Recommended,232090,28280838,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Riggo Mortiz,"I am in LOVE with this game... the Over the top Gore , the funny dialoge, wide variety of weapons blend together perfect! dont second guess on picking this one up you will not be disapebsiteointed! It also works really well with a controller. I give this game 5 out of 5 stars. I even went and bought me a killing floor 2 hoodie from tripwires merch website haha. So hurry and do yourself a favor and buy this now!"
,Recommended,232090,29978201,Posted: 16 February,all,❤ Shiro Jin-Roh ❤,"Killing Floor 2,  after a long time of EA that was rather moody,  allias some updates just made me want to quit the game completly and never start again. Today I can say that it feels like an improved KF1,  with more blood, gore, gore, gore and ahhhh yeah dosh! From the game itself one can’t  expect a heck lot of diversity,  which is not needed since it is all about the slaughtering of monsters in the most beautiful ways. If you are not interested in that,  then don't  buy the game. Many people tend to talk about lack of content in that aspect but also lack to see that the game itself is just about slaughter, so if you want that, then you will be more than satisfied with what KF2 has to offer.P.S. It has a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥old man that wants to absorb you and an ugly tentacle monster that wants to♥♥♥♥♥♥you, the bosses are 10/10..."
76561198034921617,Not Recommended,232090,21629676,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,JermandJer,Is it done yet?
76561197986445833,Not Recommended,232090,21579644,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Can'tHitCrap!!!,Bought this game for me and friends...because we loved KF-1Pros:GraphicsMusicCustomizable charactersCons:Gameplay-although very solid its nowhere near the glory of KF-1Balance issueMicro TransactionsTeam work- non existentOther: Basically I feel like this is a casual shooter integrated with KF-1 updated graphics kind of like CS:GOMe and my friends went back to Killing floor 1Very disappointing Sequel to a wonderful Game.
,Recommended,232090,26587532,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ᴀxᴏɴ,-Metalcore Soundtrack <3-Killing Zeds Like A Badass!-Explosion.BOOM!9.5/10 Bloody Gameplay
76561198048458363,Recommended,232090,28254379,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,DR_KILLY,"I didn't like this game when it was first available back in early access, but after it's full release last month with all the much needed rebalancing changes they've implemented and the new perks it's a ton of fun!"
,Recommended,232090,28314214,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,sgt zookles,"A team of 6 comrades work together to overthrow the capitalist money-hoarding zed bourgeoisie, sharing wealth earned through their hard labor.☭ / 10"
,Not Recommended,232090,22263205,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Ulrich von Liechtenstein,MAKE KILLING FLOOR FUN AGAIN!
76561198052192990,Not Recommended,232090,23618324,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,TeaRofFeaR,"Listen to your players Tripwire. . Updates is really slow. Please add in story mode and this game will be top in zombie survival genre . Add in more female character that is slim and sexy please as request by my female gamer friend. Currently a punk tomboy and a fat chick. o.O. Last and my golden words to this game, please add more level even if it means + little as 1 damage it will made the player wants to play that class instead of feeling pointless for playing your favorite class with no incentive at all when you are max at 25. Sorry but still a no at this moment. will update again if i see improvement."
,Not Recommended,232090,22733747,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Deathgun,This game is garbage and boring as hell. By the time the match is over I want to shoot myself in the head instead of shooting the zombies.
,Not Recommended,232090,23846286,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Fatut,"Game is basicly killing floor 1 with better graphics. Nothing new, 0 creative for game mods, level design. If you want to play it, play the first... because its more cheap"
,Recommended,232090,16946349,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Dagu,"Pros:- Extreme gore <3- Next gen graphics- Better than L4D2, KF1, or any undead multiplayer co-op fps- Playing with friends is the best way- Growing classes and perks to learn with tough difficulty levels to challenge people- The game improves with every updateCons- Game is underrated. Wish there were more players.Game is now considered only worth on sale tbh. But not worth getting extra content/dlcs."
,Recommended,232090,15498269,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,SKΛTΞºʳÐ¡Ξ☠  [222],"Step one:  Goto audio optionsStep two:  turn Music Lyrics ON.Step three:  Headphones loud.  (so you don't get a disorderly conduct)  Music to 150% and game sounds to 50%.Step four: buy a case of beer and KILL SH*T!!Pro tip:  (you NEED to go into your Documents/MyGames folder and open the KFGame config file, and change MaxBody [corpses] from 15 to 100-200.  it's 50x better.)"
,Recommended,232090,26605091,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Sneakydevilll,"Purchased the game a long time ago, pretty much enjoyed every moment with of course a few downs.A really fun game to play with friends and to just♥♥♥♥♥♥talk while playing. Pretty good gaming community if you are willing to communicate with others.Developers have really stepped up their game and started implenting a lot of the community feedback which has significantly improved the game.Only two bosses and a rather low amount of official maps, but satisfactory and a tons of community maps with a few dimes in there.A lot of weapons, ZEDs (enemies) variety, gunplay that feels extremelyyy satisfying and also very balanced gameplay which focuses on the team aspect of the game.I purchased the game on sale, paid 66% of full price.Overal totally worth my money, didn't regret the purchase a single moment and I wouldn't have minded paying full price if I knew I was going to have this much fun."
,Not Recommended,232090,21611666,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Garble Master,"It's fun. Probably one of the better shooters I have played. However microtransactions ruin it for me. If it was a free game, then microtransactions are ok and I would actually encourage them then, however this is not a free game... I bought the Digital Deluxe Edition... I spent extra money for the ""better"" version and then microtransactions...EDIT: I had purchased the game shortly after it was annouced. There isn't much more content now as there was back then."
76561198001948307,Recommended,232090,17844384,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,IstouFIN,Most brutal zombie game available!Good graphics!Fair price!9/10!
,Not Recommended,232090,21185151,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Moook,Good game but it lacks replay value. Gets boring only after a few hours.
,Not Recommended,232090,23644561,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,chesse20,movement speed is slightly faster than the first game but its still too slow and the medic class has really bad guns
76561198047892429,Not Recommended,232090,19256747,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Sun Tzu Says,"My honest opinion is that the game is unbalanced, being that the class system isInherently flawed and produces a boring experience to people who want to play otherClasses without the needless grind. On top of that, getting a class to level 20 isReally hard, and often destroys the fun, say you want to play your firebug andObliterate all of the zeds with some sick ♥♥♥♥ing fire stuff. But easier levels areTrivial if you're good at the game, but again don't want to sit through the veryRepetetive process of grinding for levels. The game has had only two major updates,All have been neglegible content wise. The game is very fun however, if you doNot stay playing one class and have a level 20 and a bunch of level 2-5s, you didSomething very wrong.All together; The game is still in early access, so i can let some of the badClipping on the models and some minor glitches go, since I get a laugh out ofThem most of the time.In the mean time, I can wait for things to be changed.On the other hand, thing need to be changed. Many of the classes are very veryNeglected, Commando and support in particular, they are underpowered and becomeSuper un-fun to play later in the game. Gonna have to go with a negative here."
76561198078475451,Not Recommended,232090,23618790,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,GnomeDompski,O you developers! Getting me all flustered...
,Recommended,232090,15480949,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Frazzz,"Killing Floor 2 is everything Killing Floor 1 is but turned up to 11 and then some, add in brutality, amazing & gore graphics. Plus all your nightmares that you wouldn't want to come to life that do! There is awesome gun mechanics, a superb soundtrack and enough content to keep you going for hours upon hours. I cannot recommend Killing Floor 2 enough. It is a sheer blast and great to see a new entry in a rather fantastic franchise!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJn4UQSFEtE"
,Not Recommended,232090,22296805,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,XXxCHOI_BOIxXX,"When this game came out, I played on a fifty person sever. Think about that. FIFTY people in the same area holding off hundreds of zeds (the number and health of the enemies scales with the number of people in the server, so the challenge is about the same). It was ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic. the amount of zombies and people really made it feel like I was fending off a truly massive horde of aggressive zombies. everyone had to work together or they would be scattered and hunted. I did this for a few days and legitimatley planned to make all my freinds buy this game and to stop playing csgo for at least a few weeks. Then, after less then a week of playing, all of those servers were gone. I dont know if the devs took it out, but I dont think they just all died. The few that I could find that supported more than twenty people were broken, and most were empty. The game really lost me after that. I will still play it from time to time, but it feels like a grind and I rarely play more than three games a month. I'm sure some people will like this game, because there is a lot to like, but it just isn't interesting to me anymore."
,Not Recommended,232090,19255504,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Eightball,"In 7 months of early acess they provided 2 perks, 8 weapons and 3 maps and csgo ripoff marketplaceDo not buy this gameAt now nearly a year there is still a perk missing, the csgo marketplace ripoff is going on full force and the devs are at a loss from the massive amount of refunds going through.If I could refund it I would"
,Not Recommended,232090,19247746,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Vykorie,microtransactions in a EA game ayylamo
,Not Recommended,232090,22300011,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Da Big Fuzz,Please just finish making the base game Tripwire.
76561197972445489,Not Recommended,232090,24003201,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Foxhound220,"It used to be alright, but now it's a steaming heap of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,232090,22737694,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Jack Reaver,"Let's get roight into the noose.This game in basics is fun and much like my contreception was caused by a man and an unhealthy relationship with a bottle of alchohol except in this case it's the lead man in development and most of his team with how many people have left empty seats.A little complaint on the side ♥♥♥♥ off with your crosshairs I miss the times where us the people put a dot on the middle of our ♥♥♥♥ing screen with a marker.Also ♥♥♥♥ off with these Payday 2 level microtransactions, I guess 2 these days stands for ""2 many transactions"" but the man writing it was ♥♥♥♥ing illiterate. Bi thing though, this is an early access title, at that one that costs 30 U.S. dollars.Just let that sink in while I go for the low hanging fruit that is the Dev list of promises that they either loopholed around or didn't commit to.One big when I remember is that the difficulty wouldn't be based on enemy damage and health but rather it would be based on what the enemies would do, AI based which what hyped me into the game. Well that is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, this game has been out for quite some time and the biggest change to enemies I remember is the P-Matriarch and how hard my♥♥♥♥♥gets flesh pounded on the difficulties past hard.The devs of course made the promise to only price content that is basically eye candy like skins but they are pushing a bit far when they put those microtransactions in game. Also remind to laugh at the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that gets a welder skin because for those who don't know the welder has gotten quite garbage in this game. You a real lucky boy.The guys developing or at least writing the Early Access BIOGRAPHY claims that they have a good relationship with their community even though everyone in the community pretty much claims otherwise. Multiple reviews up claim that they have flagged down or removed things in the forums negative towards their game. Needs verification I still see a bunch of negative♥♥♥♥♥♥in the forums but either way it doesn't seem like there is a good relationship there.I want to just point this out real quick ""Approximately how long will this game be in Early Access?"" “Until it’s done... "" That sounds sketchy as ♥♥♥♥ they also said they wanted it out before the end of they year (2015) which adds another level to it.I welcome anyone to comment other things they have done since I remembe hearing about some other things but what can you do? It's the middle of night for me and like the neckbeard I am this is taking more than half an hour and yes I did come back and edit this is.Now onto the actual review, the game in it's current state has a good assortment of weapons, a good chunk of maps that all look pretty unique, the enemies are cool, there is character customization, and the gunplay is quite nice.Now you might be thinking ""Jack besides the microtransactions this sounds like a pretty good game"" and to that I say ♥♥♥♥ off.The gunplay is good and all but there are only certain guns you really want to use unless like the German sex life you want to get experimental. Each time you play it will be exactly the same minus maybe a different amount of generic enemy a-b.When you increase the difficulty of course it just turns the enemies into nuclear spongey death machines which boils it into don't ♥♥♥♥ing get hit. At that point it turns into any Call of Duty zombies game where as you run in circles fearful for the 30-(unknown numeral) zombies that want to play tag with you. Oh I mean Zed for you sensitive ♥♥♥♥s that get all up in arms over saying zombies even though I'm pretty sure Zed is also slang for zombie and also just means ""Z"".The perks are what define the difference in how you play really but some of them are just really terrible.Guns are pretty unique but of course there is always a better gun you want to strive for, it's a shame too since you can switch some guns between either Auto and Semi Fire. Burst-Semi fire.But depending on the class you choose you might not even be using those kinds of weapons, the weapons I just named off are for the Commando class (Perk, why is it called ♥♥♥♥ing perk?), of course you can still choose them if you are say a berserker but certain perks (Skills, Jesus Christ) will only benefit weapons of that Class.In this game you will also see that your teamates will often be detremental  to your health in the fight because it seems like they multiply the one of two final bosses based on how many players are there by 2, and yes I'm aware it's not ""that"" large but every little bit makes a big change. You will also find that one of your teamates was an♥♥♥♥♥and water down your heroine syringe so it doesn't keep you up for as long.This game is great for friends and not so great for randoms.The perks like I have mentioned Perks have very unique playstyles but the big problem is some of them are just terrible and you WILL find yourself asking ""Why would you/I pick this Perk""Unfortunatly most maps you will find that it doesn't matter too much because in the end you just end up training zombies in circles so that unique nature to them doesn't matter much, much like taking the first level of mario and texturing it as a dessert. Except it's obvious a lot more care went into making them than that but it just might as well be. THey just haven;t made any enemies that cna counter this.This game does seem to have a limit to the amount of voice acting, now whenever I use my syringe I just say outloud with my character ""That's noice"". For the most part you won't notice that but when you frequently heal yourself it will inject itself into your brain.The character customization? That's noice, for the most part, it's mainly put on a hat or perhaps a hat of a different color and put on one of the mostly 4 varients of the same clothes with different colors and textures, maybe put some stupid gogles on as well, maybe dye your hair.Welding let's talk about that, as returning players know you weld some doors shut up to 100% but what everyone is up in arms about is there is now an invisible health bar to the doors theirselves which makes it so you can't just have some guys welding the back door while you fire at the front door. So to some (most) people it makes it a useless mechanic.I think it could still be used pretty well but it still has been taken down so hard it is barely standing with community. This is one case of the devs actively ignoring the community, they have been yelling about this for a long time.The game has nice graphics that is something and I think I remember it have persistent gore so blood stays throughout the match not that it has much meaningful impact, maybe they could do something with that later.There is probably more I could add to this but I'm just going to end the review here.The game in it's current state is not worth your money. I come back every once in awhile to check the content but other than that I can't be bothered since in the end I know I will be playing the same game that really bores me from samish it gets after the first couple of rounds. Most of my 12 hours were racked up at the start. I won't recommend this game since I don't feel like for most people they just wouldn't want to keep playing. Get a game with good replayablity."
,Not Recommended,232090,23782130,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,S3cTi()N 8uP,"Ive got some time in game, and Ive got a 23 Support..... 50% drop off healing after a couple of feet.... damnit.... this game was so promising. I will check back; but like so many other games ive bought while in early access, I dont hold out much hope. I keep saying i will wait for a full release after this, never again Early Access... Steam.... you are a cruel mistress, Id cheat on you if I could."
76561198019699443,Recommended,232090,15576469,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,djpanda123™,"I rate 100/10. Was in the beta and didn't come across any bugs, same for so far in early access. Although not much is in it yet, it still completely ♥♥♥♥ing rocks. You will not regret buying this game, and I definitely recommend buying it! A million times better then the first, and a ton of fun!! Also 100% worth it for the soundtrack <3"
,Recommended,232090,15513316,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Clayton,"I love this game already, within an hour of gameplay i was hooked. Can't wait for more to be added!"
,Not Recommended,232090,19247956,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,[2S] UncleBants,"Aaaaaaand....Microtransactions in a game that has been in Early Access for 7 months and added barely...or well...should I just say...♥♥♥♥all content. Trip Wire, ♥♥♥♥ right off."
,Not Recommended,232090,19277615,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Viqualy,i can't even believe this♥♥♥♥♥♥ they're doing it! they're also ♥♥♥♥ing doing it! microtransactions introduced when the game is only about 30% finishedyou seeing this TW? not a single recommendation after you introduced this garbagerip killing floor
,Not Recommended,232090,19257375,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Xorkrik,KF2 is semi-abandoned. They have done 1 patch in over 6 months. They have a few people still working on ways to milk more money from it. Expect the game to be fully abandoned once the devs have milked whatever money they can.
,Not Recommended,232090,19257983,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Gunner,"Hey look, Microtransactions on Early Access time. No core content updates in months. Fine quality and Early access done right."
,Not Recommended,232090,23764447,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Legåtus,Zeds teleport now.
,Not Recommended,232090,23550590,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Clemicorn,"The game is still WAY too early. It is missing most of the really fun weapons from KF1, and has hardly any maps (excluding workshop content). The level system is way too slow imo, takings sever hours to get a single perk for a class.The gameplays is great however. Guns feel like they have real impact, due to bullets being actual projectiles and enemies exploding when hit. The problem arises that there is really nothing outside of kill everything at the moment, and I hope they include some sort of objective mode to shake up the gameplay.This game should be great at launch, but right now is is really lacking in meaningful content.P.S. I really hate the loot system. Having to unlock both a crate and then a key just to get one item? It is screaming 'give us money' through their microtransactions. TBH they are all cosmetic, but still that is a real♥♥♥♥♥♥move."
76561198138791738,Not Recommended,232090,19263196,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,THE SALTY DOG [CCB],Wtf early access and there is already micro-trans..How about you finish the game a paid for first u c..ntsFU
,Not Recommended,232090,19263219,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Chocolate Giddy-Up,"While the game has potential to be more fluid and fun than its predecessor, Tripwire simply hasn't delivered on the product they promised.Fans were tricked with gameplay videos to believe Tripwire was on its way to completing the game in no time, that ""Early Access"" didn't mean as much as it did. Boy did they do a nice job convincing us.Months, more than half a year, since its release and only one ""significant"" update that added a couple maps and a couple perks. Tripwire has recently decided ""instead of adding the content literally everyone is asking for, why not add a microtransaction scheme?""♥♥♥♥ you, Tripwire. I love Killing Floor despite the DLC-shitmess you made it in its final days, but I'll be damned if I approve of you doing the same AND WORSE to its sequel before the game is even finally released!A game's release at Early Access is the game's one and only release. And this game is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage."
,Not Recommended,232090,19274487,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,gk99,"The game is still lacking in content, it's far too expensive for what it is, they just added microtransactions before the game is even released, and if you try and refund the Deluxe edition they remove Killing Floor 1 from your inventory as well.Don't buy it, save yourself the hassle. I paid $40 for this in good faith, and what did I get? Them asking for more money to allow me to use content created for the game before it's even released. They won't even let me refund it, so here I am, stuck with a waste of $40 that I'll never play again."
,Not Recommended,232090,19258005,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,/dev/God/Haruhi,"There we go again... Tripwire adding microtransactions on an quite unfinished game. They are adding a full economy system. Crates and keys included, AND if like that wasn't enough, they will release DLC too. Based on the wording it is not ruled out releasing weapon DLC from really early days. I repeat on a UNFINISHED game, this game is still early access. I gave them my cash so they could finish the game, not so they could finish enocomy simulator 2016.The problem is not either MT or DLC's. The problem is that in an unfinished game they will cut content out that was already paid beforehand, and will be sold to me using BOTH microtransactions and DLC, adding an economy sytem with crates before release, while non cosmetic DLC is not ruled out entirely. In one swift swoop they ripped off the users that had faith in them not to pull this nonsense.TLDR: Would I recommend it? No, the game hass a lot of flaws as it is now, and, as you can see, the resources are better allocated elsewhere, like making a MT shop, planning DLCs instead of finishing the game. In the same manner they are appropiately alloating their resources, allocate yours in another game that actually doesn't rip off their users."
76561197977201254,Not Recommended,232090,19273947,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Mantis UK,Add a RNG skins system you put real money into.
76561198029086111,Not Recommended,232090,19493613,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Cinder-chan,"At the time of writing this, the game is a little low on content, not many maps, 2 bosses, and about 4 weapons for each class. The game is still Early Access, so it's all fine and dandy because more is being updated.What is, however, not all fine and dandy about this Early Access title is the addition of microtransactions, CS:GO style. This game costs $30, and is currently unfinished, yet they've taken to adding ""crate"" drops similar to CS:GO, Payday 2, and TF2. You now buy keys and the like for $2.50. Sadly, when the crates do drop, the interaction with them is *very* intrusive, the game almost lead me to believe I HAD to purchase the $2.49 decryptor USB. This sort of thing is one thing in TF2, a free game, and CS:GO, a game that goes on sale regularly for as low as $6, which also gives a chance of dropping those skins for free. It however is not OK in a game that costs $29.99 and already asks you to own other games for extra content. If this game were complete, and cost a little less, I'd be less sour about this, and may recommend it (I love CS:GO, and never mind the crate system), but currently this is an overiced game asking for more money in favor of adding more content. I can't recommend that."
76561198116237515,Not Recommended,232090,19273846,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,VIRTUALTALON,Devs lol
76561198030328208,Not Recommended,232090,23605680,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Pyronado,"ESCAPE ESCAPE, DELETE."
,Recommended,232090,29402352,Posted: 21 January,all,Cursed Viatura,"Tons of fun, good content and at a very reasonable price!"
76561198025741592,Not Recommended,232090,26779031,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Killologist,"Played KF1 for many hours and enjoyed every minute of it. Bought into EA for KF2 the day it opened to support the developers. Watched over the months as they:* Released ""free content packs"" that were nothing more that the Perks they sold supporters who bought into EA in the first place, then acted like they were doing us a favor.* Released content to magazine purchasers instead of the people who supported them.* Released a horrible micro-transaction store a la Payday 2 instead of releasing Perks which EA purchasers thought they were supposed to be getting based on what the developers said on the EA store page, official forums, etc.* Canceled the last Perk, slapped together a half-baked ""Jack of All Trades"" Perk, and started work on a VR game.This will be the last game I purchase from TWI."
,Recommended,232090,15587043,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Lilith,"Apparently, you can parry a Chainsaw with a Scapel?"
,Not Recommended,232090,23819357,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Veli0s,endless early access
,Not Recommended,232090,19265375,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,ComradeBale,Just another co-op game with microtransactions...
,Not Recommended,232090,22954189,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Ainaru,"Stupid balanceStupid vs modeNo one need vs mode it is okWe need more perk more map more zed and more boss♥♥♥♥ing tester no one player hoeBalance?wtf are you kidding me?5/11♥♥♥♥ing balance again,zerk rip5/30♥♥♥♥ing balance again.Where is new perk?6/16♥♥♥♥ing balance again.SharpShooter is over power,zerk rip,firebug rip,in 1035 version zerk should rename to Gorefast2016/8/29 1043 version♥♥♥♥ing balance again.Rebalance all perkold>>NewStrong medic>>>Super Strong medicrip firebu>>> Super rip firebugrip zerk  >>> rip zerkspecial white zomibe run superfasthead shot? Not in this versionYou just need demo to destory every thing  !! not head shot"
,Not Recommended,232090,23694076,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,silv,"Read the negative reviews, cause the positive dont make sence right now."
,Not Recommended,232090,23933183,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Phallic Baldwin,"This game is trash, it's never going to get better, and Steam won't let me refund it because I was dumb enough to wait for Tripwire to put in all the features they promised at launch before asking for my money back."
76561198021658849,Not Recommended,232090,23847098,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Cell,"I bought this out of the pure enjoyment I got from the first one, and ♥♥♥♥ this game.  Extremely long queue times, and the only map I ever seem to get is some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Super Mario map.  The movement is slow as hell and wonky, which is weird because I played it several months ago and it was smooth.  Although, maybe it's something with that terrible Mario map that slows down the movement?  I don't know because I never get loaded up into another map.  The only time I did was at the end of the match and I loaded into a safe room or something and was stuck in place, couldn't move, couldn't spectate, I was just stuck there.  I apparently can't get loaded into a game that is unranked, as it always tells me there are no matches available.  I know this isn't so much the probelm of the developer and more that what players are logging in play those modes, but if there was a larger player base it wouldn't be an issue.  I was really hoping KF2 would be KF1 with updated graphics and some new gameplay additions, but it fell disgustingly short on all of those aspects.  I recommend you stick to the first one if you want some co-op Zombie survival action."
76561198027858591,Not Recommended,232090,23850538,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Cant Stand Ya,"This game took all of the skill, combos, and fun from the first one and instead added teleporting zeds and a sprint that feels like you are stuck in baywatch."
,Not Recommended,232090,23966764,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Annoyal,how do i refund
76561198037292702,Not Recommended,232090,19240434,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Miles The Hedgeworth,"Tripwire decided it was a good idea to start releasing microtransactions before the game is even close to being finished in both bug fixes and content. My only regret is that I paid more than two hours of it and I can't get a refund now.R.I.P. Tripwire, you were one of the good ones."
,Not Recommended,232090,19248272,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Ash,Too late for refund.
76561198056707776,Not Recommended,232090,19256586,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,YaruSaru,The game isn't finished yet and they're working on microtransactions instead of the game. Stay far away.
,Not Recommended,232090,19256594,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Treefart,Would not have purchased this knowing they where going to have microtransactions.  Scumbag move onTripwires part.
,Not Recommended,232090,19296684,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Patrick with a Party Horn,"this is nowhere near complete, and i dont think it will ever be :C"
,Not Recommended,232090,19259480,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Banterslav,> 3 am> reading stuff on mobile> read about the zedconomy update on reddit> get out of bed> turn on computer> delete game from library> come here> upvote all negative reviews> write my own> ♥♥♥♥ YOU TRIP ♥♥♥♥♥♥S
,Not Recommended,232090,19260582,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Dr.Fay,Selling cosmetics to customers who have already purchased the game before it's even finished. I'd refund this if I could.
,Not Recommended,232090,19260772,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Shrimp,zedconomy
,Not Recommended,232090,19257505,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Shadow Wolf,"OK seriously what is going on with the greed of developers and adding microtransactions to games that you need to buy in the first place, DLC is one thing this is another NO I don't care that these are only ""cosmetic"" their still something that shouldn't be in the game in the first place. Microtransactions really only should ever be in F2P games like TF2.Also the Devs are saying this game is still not ready to be released as a full game and thus are keeping it in early access but yet their adding these skins instead of focusing their effort elsewhere."
,Recommended,232090,15584592,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Old Bill,"Very good game, amazing graphics and new zombies."
,Not Recommended,232090,19695632,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,flarg,poop
,Not Recommended,232090,19256655,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Chisolm,"I feel cheated. Updating the game twice in 7 months and now adding a microtransaction feature before all the core gameplay content has been completed, and before full release. I regret paying for early access, simple as that."
,Not Recommended,232090,19263266,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Alex,Microtransactions on early access with barely any content since April.Just no.
,Not Recommended,232090,19258898,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,poseidon2462,"The game is in early accessThere's very little contentThere's no balancing being doneContent updates take several months to come outNow you have tripwire coming along and saying they want to sell us content for a game that's not even near completion. It looks really ♥♥♥♥ing awful. Remember that this game has less than 2k players playing it a month, this doesn't look good to people who haven't bought it yet and it's not good for people who've already bought it and will warn others about the microtransactions."
76561197978379464,Not Recommended,232090,22328291,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Rednecksith,"I'd go through all the reasons I'm not recommending this game, but there are plenty of other reviews stating the game's issues far more eloquently than I ever could. I will echo their sentiment though: It's not the core game which has drawn the community's ire. It's the way the game is being developed, with progress being made at sub-glacial speeds, unwanted game modes being shoehorned in, and microtransactions jammed into a game which isn't even released yet.Hang your heads in shame, Tripwire. You've lost a ton of respect and credibility with your fans, and for what? A little extra money here and there. Look, greed is good to a point. It's the main reason we enjoy the vast majority of labor-saving and entertainment devices that we do. But there is such a thing as too much greed, and you've clearly crossed that line. Reign it in guys. Dump the microtransactions, get your asses to work, and win your fans back while there's still time to earn forgiveness.That, or give up and sell it to somebody who actually cares."
,Recommended,232090,16670758,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Satsujinki,"Do I need to write this? You know what? I was expecting this...More gores!More guns!More maps!Old characters from KF1!Patriarch!More sexy voices!More sexy guns!More difficulty!New graphics!And now my reality came....Hans VolterNew characters, except my favorite characters came back here from KF1.Four maps. (Comes to update later)Missing old friends from KF1MICRO-F-TRANSACTION?!?EAZeds vs Humans?!?!? DAFUQ?!?And that's all I've got this."
,Not Recommended,232090,22931550,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Armando =D,I don't recommend
76561198108153190,Not Recommended,232090,22970203,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,The Real McCoy,All this new weird and unwanted content... but yet still no floors to kill? 0/10
,Not Recommended,232090,19242705,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,SnippyCarcass,"yea this game is cool, if you like eatin trash!!! hahahaha  f u ""Gypwire"""
,Not Recommended,232090,19248091,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Marzipas,"If doing early access ""right"" means adding content once in a blue moon and then adding a random-loot-drop-microtransaction system then count me out"
,Not Recommended,232090,19257041,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Tuscan Chicken,They added microtransactions before adding much of the core features. Don't buy this.
,Not Recommended,232090,19299431,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Draxos,"RNG-Based Microtransactions in a full-priced Early Access Game? ♥♥♥♥ This, im out."
76561198000838647,Not Recommended,232090,19268163,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Hagglesmith,Microtransactions
,Not Recommended,232090,19249943,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Marty Chang,Another great Dev becomes garbage by milking its fanbase before completing the original goal.
,Not Recommended,232090,19251235,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,The Ten Tonne Terror of Tel-Aviv,"Killing Floor 2 now has a fully functioning cash shop and the game has yet to leave Early Acsess. Cuz ya know, that worked out WONDERFULLY for DayZ.  In it's 7 months in EA, there have been only 2 major content updates. It seems like they've spent more time/effort on figuring out how to nickel-and-dime their customers then delivering the final and finished product. Bravo Tripwire. Way to kill your kid in its crib.R.I.P. Killing Floor 22015-2015Never even left Early Acsess"
,Not Recommended,232090,19257063,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,The Bandit Banker,DLC before the game is actually finished.Early Access Done Right :^)
,Not Recommended,232090,19261504,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,HERCULES MULLIGAN!!!,"This game has spent over half a year in early access with very little to show for it. Despite promises of ""doing early access right"" and frequent updates, since April the devs have only added two new perks and two new maps. The CEO argues this, touting that the game has added ""20 perk skills, 13 new weapons, two new maps, Nvidia PhysX Flex technology, and a slew of new features,"" but all of this is misleading. The new characters they brag about adding are just reskins. Community updates are sparse because the team doesn't seem to keep track of them. Bug fixes and gameplay balance rarely seem to be influenced by community desire or need.When the new classes came out, players actually had to OPT IN to a BETA... of this early access game, to play content that gaming journalists had been given for free almost a week prior.To add insult to injury, the game has just implemented Steam microtransactions for cosmetics in game. While I appreciate the fact that it's not a ""pay to win"" model, it still gives off an incredibly negative impression that making grabs for cash is what the team behind KF2 cares about first and foremost.Pick it up, but wait until it's done. The devs are not treating this like Early Access, but instead act like it KF2 is a finished game and they're just working on DLC instead of completing the game itself."
,Not Recommended,232090,19262432,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,schierke❤,Not all the classes are in and they are wasting dev time on ♥♥♥♥gin CSGO esque skins.
,Not Recommended,232090,19265700,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,ンアー,"Introducing microtransactions before even finishing the game is just greedy as hell. ""B-but muh cosmetics!!"" The game itself would be fun if it wasnt for the lack of conent and this fiasco. It's a shame really."
76561198028757706,Not Recommended,232090,19250526,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Kraze Insanaty,This is the Last time a game dev group does this to me first it was payday 2 now KF2 what next my single player games? when will it stop gamers arnt you get free money because we make it look nice and say you can play it I remember when devs and whole companies payed people to test the games to rip off the people they hope to make money from. good by tripwire I wont be seeing you in the games that come
,Not Recommended,232090,23770321,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,solidjake,"If you look at my account I have 200+ hours on the orginal Killing Floor. With that in mind, I haven't been able to get into this title at all. Its poorly balanced, barely supported by the company, and updates have come out at a crawl pace. My favorite class of the original, the bezerker has been nerfed and changed so much that I struggle to understand how this was the same company that made KF1; which stands today as one of my favorite games. Its been almost two years with barely any updates, and the company already seems to be shifting focus to other games (namely a VR title with oculus only support because ♥♥♥♥ consumers right?). KF2 is a textbook example of♥♥♥♥♥♥early access."
76561198051366977,Not Recommended,232090,19465427,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,KnightSirWolf,What the hell is this world coming to..
76561198011724812,Recommended,232090,15489662,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,=7Cav=PFC.Rin.I,"EDIT~BUYER BEWARE, Microtransactions are a thing coming to this game. Currently of now there are only cosmetics for Guns and character skins coming out but we (the community) are not exactly sure what they are releasing. The core game is rather solid, but they could be going down the H1Z1 route of ♥♥♥♥ing a good game. Watch the news update.Just buy it.That's all you can do about this game.It's the most fun I've had with a game for a while.~Edit~For the people who downvoted this♥♥♥♥♥♥for no reason, this is why you should buy it. -Be Happy jerks, this takes time ;-; -Pros:Good GraphicsAmazing LightingBlood and gore stickDoors and lights disappear after a while, making the spot less worth camping in later levels.Gunplay is some of the best I've had in a long time.Specimens are around the same, as of now, as in KF1. The ""Crazy"" or the one that normally has his face covered is a newer one. The Specimens don't gain notable health on higher diffuclties, but ""Perks.""Perks for Skills and level becomes much faster and more benefial as you go onConsStat wipesLack of content updates.Lack of WeaponsDon't like horde modes and you're ♥♥♥♥ed.Honestly, at the moment if you don't like waiting forever (Like I hate waiting) don't buy this game. It's been a few months without any NOTICABLE addons other than one map. I'm just a little annoyed, but I wasn't going to refund my game over it. If you don't mind waiting, go ahead and buy it; otherwise just don't get it. So far, if you want a lot of content and don't own KF1 go buy that instead. From what I can tell, there really isn't too many ""modded servers"" in the game yet. Compared to Kf1s thousands of modded servers.WITH ALL OF THAT, I still highly recommend it. The current gameplay is solid and tight feeling."
,Not Recommended,232090,23769504,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,LongTimeAgo,"The game was so good... But now, with all the nerfs and focus on PvP its getting ridiculous.This game needs to get back to its roots fast.Christ, what a shame Tripwire, you had massive respect from me and a lot of others but have completely lost it now. (And no, not because of the company cruise, but actually effing up the game and creating other products while incomplete ones are still here)"
,Not Recommended,232090,19271711,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Xenrayz,Add Microtransactions in early acess... Check*Saying that there will be paid wall DLC content... Check*Not communicating with the community... Check*How to♥♥♥♥♥♥off your community... Guide followed check*
,Not Recommended,232090,19242863,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Counter-Chicken,"Still in early access after over a year, updates are few and far between, still doesn't have all 10 classes, only has 8 maps, class balance is utterly horrible, and now they've added microtransactions.Way to ruin a great formula, Tripwire. Your new logo sucks btw, just like this game right now.Do yourself a favor and buy the infinitely better KF1 instead."
,Not Recommended,232090,19472998,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Novus,"While this game is in beta, and still decently fun, I'd hold off on buying it till they add more content, or actually finish teh game in the first placeMicro transactions in an early accsses game is amazing, shows us how far early accsses games have, gj devlopersAnd while its pretty fun, stuff can get repetitive fast, with the one gamemode and singular boss"
76561198006874437,Not Recommended,232090,19258461,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,A firm handful of mike asscheek,"Developers are cucks and have their priorities completely backwards. It takes them months to create a single class they have been working on and then at the last second they postpone it to work on a money sink crate gambling system instead. They also updated their unfinished early access game and called it a ""free content update."" They think they will grab people's attention to a game without actual content by simply promising content. Good job tripwire."
,Not Recommended,232090,19258538,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,PRQ,Go cuck yourself tripwire. Never ever buying another game from you.
,Not Recommended,232090,19259055,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Beardmasterflash,"6+ Months with no update for an early access gameFirst update is microtransactions.Edit: Update also included new classBalance is still terrible, and there doesn't seem to be an effort to change it."
,Not Recommended,232090,19259231,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,sba.Krakkath,Please finish your game instead of trying to get more money from your fans.
,Not Recommended,232090,19259047,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Hathkar,7 months in early access: 2 updates and microtransactions.No.
,Not Recommended,232090,19249598,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Miami Cannibal,Microtransactions B E F O R E  giving the game content or leaving Early Access Status!!!!♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,232090,27040083,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rice Liberator,"One of my favorite games among any other in my library, it is really addictive! Killing Floor 2 is a sequel to its successful predecessor and many improvements from the first game is brought into here.Pros:- Improved graphics (using heavily modified Unreal Engine 3)- More perks (Survivalist, SWAT, etc)- Much more balanced gameplay (it calculates the players perk, more high level players means much more difficult)- Introducing new PVP mode (Kinda, its still a survival mode with other players becoming the zeds)- New mechanics (Like sprinting, blood actually stays there for the rest of the game)- New Zeds and Boss (Slasher, Dr Hans Volter, Cyst)- Great soundtrack (Zynthetic is back with more metal bands like Demon Hunters, Living Sacrifices, etc)- Improved gore system (similar to Chilvary, Zeds will sliced/dismembered depending on where you cut/shoot them)*with additional NVIDIA Flex*- More weapons for each perkCons:- Many dead servers (especially VS mode)- Very few maps- Microtransactions (similar to CSGO)- HOE can be frustrating at some timeI think that's all folks, you should not miss this game and I'll give this game a 9/10. I would recommend you to buy this game on sale. See you in the game!"
,Not Recommended,232090,26711453,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,not very realistic,"Boring, the developers have lost it"
,Not Recommended,232090,19246088,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,JerzeyCJ,"Very infrequent updates(they've only had two or three major ones and they wanted the game to be done before the year was out) and they will be adding in microtransaction RNG boxes while the game is in Early Access, before core features and classes are in. This is NOT ""Early Access done right."""
,Not Recommended,232090,19379497,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,DarkFenix,"Killing Floor 2 is currently a very barebones game, with only a fraction of its final content. That in itself is not something I'd ever give a negative review for, not on an early access title anyway.What I will give a negative review for is the fact that while the game is in this barebones state the developers are already moving to push loot crate style microtransactions. Personally I believe this gambling mechanic is one that deserves the strongest condemnation wherever it appears, let alone when the game is only half-finished.TWI should be feeling ashamed of themselves for this disgraceful conduct, it's an insult to the loyal community that brought them this far."
,Not Recommended,232090,19246123,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Daniel,Working on microtransactions before the game is even finished... I don't know why I'm even surprised anymore when gaming reaches a new low.
,Not Recommended,232090,19266071,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,bio.krekka.02,"FIrst off you never gave an update, now you give us microtransactions? I won't recomend this game even to my worst enemies, this game is no way as fun as the first one, you could of released it under a new name and no1 would suspect it of being a killing floor installment, the only thing that these 2 share in common is that they both got flashpound, everything else is boring and generic."
,Not Recommended,232090,19245685,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Bear-Kibble,Micro transactions in early access.
,Not Recommended,232090,19242623,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Agent Dale Cooper,"Development progressing at a snail's pace, and they decide to implement a microtransaction system? In a completely unfinished early access game?No thanks Tripwire."
76561197970950193,Not Recommended,232090,19248638,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Flurpin,Microtransactions.
,Not Recommended,232090,19486567,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,FBER,"Well game is nice and all but having microtransactions as an update.... Yeah thats just lowers the bar right there mostly due to the fact that the game isn't out and it dosent even have that much content (being out for 8 months). I played the heck out of the first one but if KF 2 heading this way might aswell stick to 1 rather then move on down this money grabing way. And before anyone twist there fingers in a knot by saying ""you dont have to buy this crap to play"" that is a fair point but think of it this way how much wasted hours gona be spent creating vanity items insted of real content or some worth awhile DLC. I can still understand people that are indiffrent about this microtransaction bit and i would be the same way if this wasnt a EA title.Cheers all! Sorry for the bad English."
,Not Recommended,232090,23546047,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,HawkStone,"KF1 is actually fun to play.  I don't know what TWI end goal is with KF2(and they don't seem to either), but they are not (currently)headed in a direction that looks like it will result in fun gameplay.I was kind of hoping for a KF1 to KF2 sequel that was like the L4D1 to L4D2 progression (MOTS but better). TWI is heading in the Evolve direction(We are just too special too make an upgrade,we want something new).  It isn't working.Also....[nerd-rage]Learn how to patch a game without resetting the keybinds you stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.[/nerd-rage]14 months later and these stoopid mfers still can't figure out how to patch their game without reseting keybinds.  Wowsa, wowsa, wowsa...."
,Not Recommended,232090,19253339,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Doc Sloth,"Y'know, I wouldn't even be upset about crates/skins/economy in KF2 being that they are completely optional and entirely cosmetic if they'd been introduced after the full game was released. Unfortunately with moves like these, it becomes painfully obvious what's going through the dev's heads (probably something along the lines of ""what a good way to pull in extra money for development on the game in the future!"" read: there will be more paid dlc down the line. I can understand this sentiment but I remember when devs made games entirely for their own satisfaction and the satisfaction of their playerbase, not for profits). As a veteran KF1 player this pains me to see. The dlc was bad back then but at least it was long after the game had been established. I also especially like the zed-conomy webpage, ""And the best part, its COMPLETELY OPTIONAL and PURELY COSMETIC!"" PLEASE DON'T COMPARE US TO OVERKILL!, WE'VE BEEN NEGLECTING REAL CONTENT UPDATES WHILE WE'VE BEEN WORKING ON THIS AND IT'S TOO LATE TO GO BACK NOW!""UPDATE: Censorship on the forums and blacklists on twitter for anything negative being said does not help your case, though it might save some of your profits. You've lost my support, tripwire."
76561197987415482,Not Recommended,232090,19471970,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,X_[Epic]Shot_X,lol what a joke. More money you want? Shove it.
76561198021311307,Not Recommended,232090,20513341,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Your Loving Wife,"Far too repetitive to keep me interested in the game, matches are all the same with no variety in zed spawn count so you will be fine using the same old strategy everytime, killing the same amount of zeds each game with little thought."
,Not Recommended,232090,19250463,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Treko,"Payday 2's b.a.s.t.a.r.d son.""But it's only cosmetic!""At least finish the game first before throwing these shady business moves."
,Not Recommended,232090,19259076,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,JohnY,"Microtransactions? This must be the Payday 2 page, nvm.Wait what? It's actually in Killing Floor 2?The ♥♥♥♥....at least wait till you finish development, I don't mind paying for guns/skins if the game is finished....but this is just rude towards your fans ( you know, those guys who played KF1 for hundreds of hours and bought KF2 on day 1 ) so at least show that you care about us for supporting your game and wait till you finish development....This whole industry's going to♥♥♥♥♥♥..."
,Not Recommended,232090,19247456,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,panc,early gay access
,Recommended,232090,30233702,Posted: 27 February,all,forg,">Buy shotgunhammer>awyiss>Hit a zed>Blood spatters the entire floor>The walls>The ceiling>Step outside>Landscape covered in blood>Distant mountain shining red>Shrug, and hit another zed>Central Alabama, USA>Not a lot of zeds as low population and forests are a PITA for zeds to get through>A hillbilly cleans his shotgun>Red mist descends from the sky>Smells like iron>WTF is this the wrath of God>Hillbilly jumps in his pickup truck and wildly scrambles for his crucifix>Mt. Whitney, Alaska>A lone figure stands on the peak>He sets up a sizeable telescope next to his ATV he drove up>The telescope set up, he gazes into the sky>Finally he spots Pluto>A small dot, colored a pleasing....shimmering red?>All other planets red, Mars moreso than usual>WTF.jpg>Alpha Centauri Star System>The year is 10801 A.D.>A large red globule floats by, sizzling at it approaches the largest starThere's a bit of gore in this game."
76561198317503310,Recommended,232090,31794528,Posted: 16 May,all,.QuanDemic,Anger Management SimulatorI rate this game 9/11
76561198042314432,Not Recommended,232090,26425714,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Poet,"I don't usually do reviews on games but I feel there is a lot to be said about this one.I was a huge fan of KF1 and I've played, as you can see, a decent time on KF2.I can't in all honesty recommend it to any KF1 veteran.The reason is simple : The devs are terrible. Three key words at work here :1. Lazyness2. Uninspired3. Unresponsive.CLASS PERKSMost of the classes are a mess that shows a lack of experience/aptitude from the game designers. Here are some examples :- SWAT class is uninspired and feels absolutely the same as COMMANDO. It suffers from having 3 nearly identical weapons. Since the beginning of the EA, players have asked for the SWAT class to revolve around SMGs, tanking and the SWAT's signature gear, the riot/bulletproof shield. Guess what ? No shield and average tankiness making the class almost the same as COMMANDO.- Demolition perks are so incredibly DULL. Every. Single. Weapons. Has a 1 shot clip with damage scaling on weapon tier. Where are the revolving grenade launchers ? The homing missiles ? Dev has also gave up on balancing C4 charges which were the only ""unusual"" demo weapon.- Survivalist is a fine example of ""minimum work to make content"". It has the weapons of other classes, the perks of other classes and brings nothing to the game. Using a class is supposed to make you choose a gameplay path. With this, you get everything you want.- Mid tier weapons have been and have stayed useless despite their balancing effort. Why ? Because the whole concept is flawed and they can't be bothered to change it now. They need to release ASAP for the money.LEVELINGIt's not that long. It's not a problem. But it's so completely 2000's in design. Only the perk levels (5,10,15,20) feel rewarding. Some classes are insanely hard/boring to play (sharpshooter) before their first/second perks because they are badly designed. The lvl 25 ""Zed time perk"" is useless in most cases and you don't feel rewarded for unlocking it.DEV TIME AND COMMUNICATIONThey are slow. Like, really really slow. A few months ago, after enough people complaining about it, they posted a forum post about dev time and how they are a really small team, etc. Guess what ? The post is gone last time I checked because they got rebunked multiple times about their BS time estimations. It tooks months to design and release a single perk that has been in the works for a year according to them. Really that would not be so bad if...IF THEY TALKED TO PLAYERS. News on the website are far and few between. The balance updates are very rare and mostly only happen after great waves of complains. They do answer some time on the forums but there's no active conversation and they seem to have learned the RIOT employee way of answering threads :""Hey [PLACEHOLDER NAME], I hear ya ! X thing is so frustrating. I can't help though, I work in Y department (which seems a million kms away from his). Will they fix it ? Maybe. When ? Soon (tm) but I don't really know. So fun talking with you guys !""MARKETINGEA on KF2 is a mixed blessing and curse. On one side, since they don't seem to play their own game, they fixed a lot of the critical balance issues thanks to player feedback. On the other side, players now know this game has been in EA for litteral YEARS. I don't know how much money they hope to make but I have my doubts.The cosmetic store ( a la CSGO ) was a success, although it made content dev even slower. Good move, although prioritized for the wrong reasons.BUT WHAT ABOUT THE GAME ?It's good. I mean, I played it for 80 hours for some reasons. It's not KF1, but it's fine. But the game should not be what it is. It was meant to be much better than this. It's hard to convince yourself that the devs are the same ones that made KF1. What the hell happened ?EDIT : So sad the fanboys are downvoting this. No regrets though."
,Not Recommended,232090,29492935,Posted: 25 January,all,viva,"Killing Floor 2 has finally released. I was really hyped for Killing Floor 2 as launch was coming up. I liked the first one, but I didn't play too much of it. Killing Floor 2 had a lot of really nice improvements (better gunplay, the gore system makes shooting feel like it has a lot of impact). I bought it as soon as it was available on Steam. The updates were a bit slow but I was having fun.Let's just say early access for this game was a ride. As the game went through development I became less and less interested. The introduction of the patriarch was nice, but the maps it brought along were terrible. Farmhouse in particular is awful. I decided to take a break from the game. Then I heard that they added zed resistances and other stupid changes. I continued to ignore it until just before release. I booted up the game and... it was exactly the same. It feels like no feedback was taken from the community at all.Farmhouse isexactlythe same as when it launched. Other maps have changed very little and the last official map we got was Prison... which was back in April. What the ♥♥♥♥? We have 3 community maps but they are not nearly as refined as Biotics or Burning Paris. It felt like the game was designed to be interesting for early access/press and then they just shoehorned in everything else.I'm not going to bother to talk about the comestics other than to say they're insulting. The drops you get on a daily basis are ♥♥♥♥ing useless too. Wow a flat cap or another useless encrypted USB that I'm not going to buy a key for.The classes are nice but there are too few weapons. So the weapons become ""tiers"" and some weapons are too weak for their cost that most people just end up skipping them.I don't know how many times I need to be burned before I realize that Early Access only serves to harm me but Killing Floor 2 is an excellent example of a game going downhill as it got ""finished"".Oh and ♥♥♥♥ you Tripwire for putting KF2 on sale mere weeks after its release on Early Access. :styx3:"
,Not Recommended,232090,26717086,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,47Haven,"When i first bought this game, i really loved everything about the game. The matchmaking and the server is really stable and smooth, something that rarely happens when you play a Co-op game from unpopular region, the gameplay is fun and challenging, the graphics is somewhat better than most of my games (at that point of time), and the soundtrack is badass.The grinding of the game might be an issue to some, as it is to me, since you need to reach a certain level of perks to be useful, but it's otherwise can be ignored, since not all difficulty requires that high level.And it was just that, a fun co-op zombie survival with great characters and gameplay. Fun to be played in a short burst, or when you're feeling like slaughtering a bunch of zombies.Then development went a bit stale. Nothing really changed, nothing was really added, nothing much was new. It wasn't long until the whole game went stale as well, because there's so much you can do in a game until you get bored of it. With the slow grinding, several complex mechanism, and unchanging gameplay, i soon dropped KF2 and went back to other co-op games. There's a few gameplay spikes though, since after a while, Tripwire releases a new perk and new weapons. This doesn't really last long either, because again, slow grinding, several complex mechanism, and still unchanging gameplay.Then the microtransaction hits. I don't know what Tripwire executives was smoking, releasing a microtransaction and cosmetic crates and keys, in the wake of Payday 2's microtransaction bomb. It was later revealed that Payday 2's microtransaction was due to their superior's demand, but in KF2's case, it wasn't about the superiors or stuff, it's their own decision to implement microtransaction, and it's there to stay. On that note, Tripwire added microtransaction, in an early-access game.This sparked an outrage, and some players are abandoning ships. Everything since that point has been a wreck. The developer not hearing what the playerbase has to say, the playerbase getting frustrated, and then Tripwire started rolling out updates that doesn't sit well with the playerbase.Up to this point of release, there's not really much to say, other than that some sacrifices was made to make this game exit early-access, and some portion of the playerbase is not pleased with the sacrifices made.TL;DR If you ignore all those problem aboves, it's a great game by itself"
76561198042584086,Not Recommended,232090,20442964,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Bronze Dragon,Not ready and certianly not for the price.UI still glitches out.Not optimized; a 980ti has problems.Only about a quarter of the content it needs.As of right now it is merely a dumbed down microtransaction version of KF1
,Not Recommended,232090,19250986,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Gourmet Newell,"No new content in months, P2W garbage cosmetics, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community"
76561197966198136,Not Recommended,232090,20731908,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Foolwolf,"They added micro transactions to the game, in early access - I can't really endorse anyone to get into this game when MT seems to weigh heigher than cusomisation and a happy community."
,Not Recommended,232090,19249619,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Gonaho,"""Hey.. hey team, you know what would be cool?""""What?""""How about we introduce microtransactions.. while the game isn't even finished!""""Brilliant! I am sure the community will like this, it worked so well for Overkill"""
76561198002598235,Recommended,232090,15531485,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,[HoH] NickCreator,"I enjoy this game very much for several reasons, but I can't quite put it into words, so I decided to post quotes from 2chan's Japanese players that I ran through Google Translate:""I was hit by serious or by thought♥♥♥♥♥♥shovel""""Boss is good when you attack while recovery in each other and solidified in without a fight aloneAfter , when grabbing attacks like invincible""""And I'm sorry if that is difficult to use recovery of MedicThe aim unexpected not recovered munitions devoted to to be moved because the poor ...""""¥ 650 shotgun ♥♥♥♥ing fun""""And maybe No of it is you can win tool for creating a mapHad arrived this morning I had trouble not get to be a DigitalDeluxe versionHead shot Ginmojiiiiii~i""I think that about sums up my feelings for this game. Yes, that will do."
76561197992616758,Not Recommended,232090,20598400,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Immortan Johann,Disappointment Simulator: 2015-2016
,Not Recommended,232090,19242683,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Ice Poog,"Only a little over a month ago since Overkill got mass amounts of criticism for their decision with microtransactions.Today, Killing Floor 2, a game that isstill in development leading to a full release, has updated with microtransactions.I really couldn't give 3 ♥♥♥♥♥ about 5 ♥♥♥♥s if the skins are purely cosmetic or not.Thanks for learning absolutely nothing, Tripwire.EDIT: Please, Tripwire. I just would really like a complete game if and before the micros get out of hand. It's not that I don't want to buy these simply because they're skins, it's becausethe game is still in early accessand we are already seeing updates like this. Maybe I'll give it some thought once KF2 comes out of E.A., but for right now, no thank you.At least they're just cosmetic...right?"
76561198079726334,Not Recommended,232090,22877664,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,[SSP] Tris70,"Got boring in an hour, glad i could just refund it."
,Not Recommended,232090,27331262,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,N00B731O,"I've tried to tolerate the microtransaction economy, and the teleporting, and the nerfs... But no more! When ""release"" literally slows the game to the point where you don't get the same performance, there's some problem over at Tripwire. Not only did it take this game to forever to inch out of EA, but performance issues? I've had it."
76561198081535852,Recommended,232090,15507657,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Best Nightmare,"Even though this game is in Early Access and has content limitations, it has exceeded my expectations. The game play is very smooth and every aspect makes the game feel realistic (It's almost like I'm in the apocalypse). The kick of the assault rifles, the swing of melee weapons, the environments, and even the Zeds themselves! I am more than happy about how this game turned out to be and am eager for the release of new contents!"
76561197971770710,Recommended,232090,23354823,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,*RvR* mR.rAPTOR,"Guess in the recent past gotten too used to long term quote ""Early Access Game"" KF2 was my favorite game, after KF1 for a long time, now its replaced by another recent game, whose game developer understand what a game is. While I still enjoy playing this game, due mainly joining to friends in-game, but certainly finding myself less and less of a KF2 fanboy of the game itself.This I give full credit to TW, as seems with every update they have a way of taking six steps back for every step forward.As well the effect of TW's lack of development of new KF2  maps is clearly seen while browsing and looking at active Servers, those listing 'custom maps' are most active and game itself has become somewhat boring, if not for the positive interaction with friends, and those few that understand what co-op is, there would be a lack of intrest in the game. That's thankfully something that  KF1 has never left me feeling.I had hoped that TW would put their backs to the wall to make KF2 a game, as in the past TW has always made efforts with KF1, rather than field repeated excuses.Really getting a little tired of TW using the poor on-going excuse, of ""Early Access Game"", I've been a KF2 fanboy since the day it came out when it was released back in Apr 21, 2015, thats more than a full year now and TW has yet to deliver the promises of the full game.Suggested perks such as the 'Sharp-shooter and Martial Artist' still have yet to come after all this time, and existing perks such as the Zerk have had reductions in weapon inventory that have me wondering if the game developers have ever played in a 6+ HoE game before, as some of the other perks like the Gunslinger, can bring down a Flesh-pounder with ease. When the game first came out, perks were better in line with each other than at present, and was truly disappointed when TW wasted time on their Vs. Mode, which no one really seemed interested in, and proof of that exists after the TW backed Vs. servers disappeared.Its become very clear in my mind that Tripwire has little intrest in KF2, despite their given propaganda of excuses otherwise, really doesn't care about KF2, in simple truth TW has pushed out more than one completed game, with concept to finished product, in a reasonable amount of time, bringing a finished product to the market line to sell, but not in the case of KF2.If you've never played KF2 before, try it, its fun for awhile, but expect to become used to the ""Early Access"" handle, while TW can it appears has developed full released games,  seems they rather then finish the game, would rather fatten their wallets off items producted by outside Community Modders, TW then inserts with-in their USB's and Supply Crates, which of course can only be opened by purchase of keys of course sold by TW.And to be perfectly honest, TW should be glad that Steam doesn't provide a 'Somewhat' selection of review, rather than the 'Yes and No'.The only reason that I recommend this game, is that in the past, as well as present its given to me a chance to game and interact with some really great players I've been lucky to add as friends, and solely for that reason, of interaction do I find the game worth playing."
,Recommended,232090,15496681,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Vicarious,"This is the ideal sequel to the first killing floor. It is amazing and worth every cent, I have put about 10 hours in on it so far, and I cant wait to play more. You should buy it."
,Recommended,232090,15514595,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Vellah,"Just as god damn addicting as the first game. Just 100X more gorgeous, and a little bit more chaotic.I can't think of any game that translates your input so well with the movement of your characters aim, not to mention the guns have a very satisfying animation and impact. That's what makes this game shine over many others, it just feels right, and that's obviously a very difficult thing to pin down, as many AAA titles can't seem to do it quite as well."
,Recommended,232090,15573122,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Link,"10/10, 10/10. 100/100, Best game, best game."
,Recommended,232090,15583017,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,DirtySpartan,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,232090,32557531,Posted: 18 June,all,abunchadishes,"Killing Floor 2 is one of the most satisfying first-person-shooters you can buy with some really unique ideas.Positives:+ The weapons in this game feel phenomenal and have a level of attention to detail and care put into each frame that you have to see to believe. A high hertz monitor as well as the GPU to maintain that frame rate is recommended.+ Gore in this game is top notch if you're into that stuff. Up there with Left 4 Dead 2 but enhanced by seeing some of this sh*t in slow motion (more on that below)+ Zed Time is this game's excuse to go all Max Payne every minute or so and it is another satisfying addition in many ways. From seeing the small details of your weapon to watching a zeds eye go flying past you or hearing your character's slowed down voice line there's almost never a dull moment during it.+ Large, open-from-the-start maps encourage using the space to keep an ever-present gap between you and your enemy. Weapon stores are randomly selected around the map each wave, forcing you into new areas of the map.+ I also have to commend enemy design from a gameplay standpoint. You have main mobs that are all the same height 4 ez headsh0tz, crawlers to bite at you're ankles when you aren't looking down enough, screaming b*tches that destroy you're grenades if thrown at the wrong time, enemies that annoy you from range and the list goes on. You're constantly wondering who is most of a threat and it keeps the shooting fresh and intenseMeh~ Ranking up characters is not as instant-gratification as you might think. To sum it up, if you want something even slower, go with the first Killing Floor. If you want something faster, almost any other AAA multiplayer experience. Personally, I think it fits the game's depth as it allows you to get comfortable with your style of play for each character before it lets you loose with any bonuses at all let alone the nice ones. (Also if you read the blurbs on the difficulty select menu, you're supposed to increase difficulty manually when you find it too easy diablo style).~ Cosmetic additions have surely not tampered with this game's core gameplay, but they're in it. Take that how you will.Negative- A serious lack of team-playing at times/lack of awareness in general. Things like a lack of medics, or people choosing level 1-5 characters on 'Hell on Earth' difficulty."
,Recommended,232090,32870012,Posted: 27 June,all,Chuck,It's fantastic
76561198148015140,Recommended,232090,32277283,Posted: 8 June,all,Leviathan,"How to know if this is the game for you(whenever u see a tick, just imagine some cool narration voice going check)ReasonTickboxFunny corpse lunches✔Massive amounts of gore✔Badass weapons & characters✔Joining an awesome community✔Enjoy FPS's✔And lastly, just want to be ageneral Badass all together✔Should all below be answered with yes then this is the game for you because this game is just an all round fun experience and I hope u enjoy your time in this community :D"
,Recommended,232090,32620353,Posted: 21 June,all,FlutterShy,An underrated game. It's much better than what it used to be in its early access days. Great value for money especially when it's on sale.
,Recommended,232090,32620696,Posted: 21 June,all,Rush Sykes,Don't stand in front of my railgun plz!
76561198151973072,Recommended,232090,16661456,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,(Sic)Witch,ME: Here is some doshHOT GURL: here is a giant♥♥♥♥♥hammerME: *SWINGS* *Zombie cries home*
,Recommended,232090,32894532,Posted: 27 June,all,Bauernizer,"If you like metal, brits and murder get this game!!! If you dont... Get it anyways you will learn to love it"
,Recommended,232090,32731105,Posted: 24 June,all,[WPC] JEmmaB,"Basically it is Killing Floor 1 but the gritty atmosphere replaced with pretty textures and lot of eye-candy, it looks more like Left 4 Dead to me. :-)Zeds are much tougher compared to KF 1, I recommend vets of the prior game to first play the maps solo and on normal mode. Multiplayer turns even the trash mobs into bullet-sponges.The same love is given to it by the devs, meaning frequent updates & special events like ""The Summer Sideshow.""They also added a lot of cosmetics ala Team Fortress so expect a lot of hats. :-)Currently the only downside is setting up a Listen Server, it is not implemented yet, it seems that the function is hard to code in UE 3.All in all it is the same game that we loved, just updated and beautified to invite new players.I look forward in playing KF 2 for a long time to come.Cheers! :-)"
,Recommended,232090,33221606,Posted: 4 July,all,TerraElfi,Best game to play wiht your friends!
76561198002405585,Recommended,232090,32901091,Posted: 27 June,all,IcedGummy (◕‿◕✿),One of the best games out there.Fun to play with friends.If you love killing zeds and you love kf1 then this is the right game for you.Intense and guns blazing.10/10.
76561197994112743,Recommended,232090,25395128,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Chasing Rabbits,Koop-Zombi-SurvivalDifferent classes with individual skills & guns.Fast action & a lot of blood.N I C E    G A M E
,Recommended,232090,32856089,Posted: 27 June,all,Zee Skipper,"More than just a graphics update of KF1. KF2 does everything KF1 does but better and more polished (or basically no longer feels like a mod but feels like an actual game). KF2 has managed to make all perks feel viable and fun, giving them their selection of bonuses which you can use to make the perk suit your playstyle even more as you level them up. The levelling system is way less grindy than it used to be. The game also features a lobby system which makes it easier to find a server for you and your friends. If there's anything they could improve about this lobby system it would be adding a server region selection."
,Recommended,232090,16024914,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,disco pancakez <3,"I've been playing Killing Floor since it's first release. Used to play it non-steam, because I couldn't afford games, and it was simply the best shooter that ever was, and still is.Killing Floor 2 is the greatest shooter that's on the market at this moment. You have everything you wish in it: gore, weapons, characters, quotes, specimens etc.I really enjoy playing this game, and I hope that Tripwire will offer us a lot of more content and stuff until it's full release."
76561198025078930,Recommended,232090,32726310,Posted: 24 June,all,LOOSHIFER,Haven't played in 600 years but it's good and I'm dead
,Recommended,232090,15772713,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Kaito,It's Good For You. BUY ITNOW.
76561198041678901,Recommended,232090,32401350,Posted: 13 June,all,LickyLick,Buy the game it's great!
,Recommended,232090,19258645,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Rampage,"One of the best wave based survival horror coop games out therethe gun feeling is superb , is so much fun to just pop zeds headsalso in comparison to when it was in EA , it has a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of contentI couldnt reccomend it enough , its a must buy for people who love coop games."
,Recommended,232090,15495037,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Triple_T,"It's not very often that a sequel does it right especially in early access, but KF2 hits all the right chords.  Although a variety of features are yet to be added, the handful of maps, and weapons that currently exist are incredibly polished and run very smoothly.The combat and most importantly, Zed Time is probably one of the most attractive features in the game.  The way the barrel shakes while you fire as you shoot pieces off from a husk's head is a wonder to behold.  It's also worth mentioning that the blood and gore that persists as you embark on your glorious blood frenzy is beautiful.  After enduring through wave after wave of mayhem, it's nice to see the fruits of your labors, so to speak.Overall, I can't say that I have any complaints thus far in the development process.  If the game is this polished in early access I can assure you that the plethora of features, guns, maps, skins, etc. that are going to be added, won't disappoint either."
,Recommended,232090,15487420,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Winter [Wild Hunt],"I don't buy early access games, but KF2 has been the exception.Worth every single penny. Full review coming after release.===Post release: Still worth every single penny, a must buy!Full review in the works"
,Recommended,232090,15513382,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,o̅TTe̅r̅,"This game went above and beyond my expectations with flying colours. I was a strong fan of the first game and was so anxious to get my hands on this sequal. I've hardly experienced any kind of bugs or other issues (other than some slight FPS drops, but I'm okay with blaming my sub-par PC) and my only complaint is that the ""Crovel's"" stats seem to be switched with the Katana's.Seriously. Why would a shovel/crowbar do more damage than the katana, Tripwire?"
,Recommended,232090,22329346,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,{St} Waylllop,"English:Killing Floor 2 lives up to its predecessor in several aspects, as in others it ends up taking another perspective, which makes the game in fact a sequel, rather than just a more beautiful and polished version of the original KF.The most noticeable different perspective is its more chaotic essence, less calculating/slow paced as in the first game. Here everything is very frantic and happens very fast, which requires the players good response and agile decision making in the game, plus knowledge in how to kill enemies efficiently.Attention to detail is also something that stands out in KF2. Each weapon has its animation worked in detail at 120FPS so that when in Slow Motion (ZedTime) the details can be seen perfectly, each vibration of the weapon as it shoots, the bullets flying towards the target, mixed up with the colors black, white and red highlighting the beauty and how detailed are the animations and models of the game. In addition, as you increase the difficulty of the game, enemies gain more animations, attacks and details, which makes everything cooler and more frantic.Yet, even more visually appealing (perhaps in an attempt to attract more audiences to the game?) And trying to simplify the game more, making it more frantic, the game still retains its niche position. Not everyone likes to repeatedly play the same scheme of hordes and bosses, hordes and bosses, against the same enemies on different maps.So if you liked KF1, you're going to like this one, even being a little different.If you like Horde Games, you will also love KF2.Just remember that in case you do not like Horde Games, you can get bored easily by repetition.Português:Killing Floor 2 faz jus a seu predecessor em vários aspectos, assim como em outros acaba por tomar outra perspectiva, o que faz do game de fato uma sequência, invés de apenas uma versão mais bonita e polida do original KF.A perspectiva mais notávelmente diferente é sua essência mais caótica, menos calculista como no primeiro game. Aqui, tudo é muito frenético e acontece bem rápido, o que exige dos jogadores boa resposta e tomada de decisão ágil no game, além de conhecimento em como matar inimigos eficientemente.A atenção aos detalhes é algo que se sobresai em KF2. Cada arma tem sua animação detalhadamente trabalhada em 120FPS para que, quando em Slow Motion (ZedTime), os detalhes possam ser vistos perfeitamente, cada vibração da arma enquanto atira, as balas voando em direção ao alvo, junto das cores preto, branco e vermelho destacam a beleza e o quão detalhado são as animações e modelos do jogo. Além disso, conforme você almenta a dificuldade do jogo, os inimigos ganham mais animações, ataques e detalhes, o que deixa tudo mais legal e frenético.Ainda sim, mesmo mais atraente visualmente (talvez numa tentativa de atrair mais público ao jogo?) e tentanto simplificar mais o jogo, tornando-o mais frenético, o game ainda se mantém em sua posição de nicho. Não é todo mundo que gosta de jogar repetidamente o mesmo esquema de hordas e chefes, hordas e chefes, contra os mesmos inimigos em mapas distintos.Por isso, se você gostava do KF1, vai gostar desse, lembrando ser um tanto diferente.Se gosta de Horde Games, também amará KF2.Apenas lembre-se de que, caso você não goste de Horde Games, pode enjoar facilmente pela repetição."
76561198043919943,Recommended,232090,20204311,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Sgt. BacoN,"I really recommended this game to you folks if and/or only..- Likes Gore Stuff- Loves zombie-like games- Likes Grinding level- First Person Shooter type- Likes re-playability- Likes to customize the characters- Likes Challenging stuffs- Prefers to have a Crazy Adrenaline action coop gameAnyway, the game is a sequel to the original Killing Floor game, it's more focusing on the Fast-Paced Action, Graphics are tremendously beautiful, Soundtracks are amazing, Animations is fantastic, More perks and better Gunplay even though the game is still in Early-Access. It's a first person shooter coop game where 1-6 players has to survive waves (Depends on the Host settings if it's 7 or 10 waves) against the Zeds (Specimens who are failed experimental clones created by Horzine Biotech) until the boss fight part.Short explanation about the gameplay, there are different types of classes called Perks, these perks have different types of weapons and playstyle, here's my brief explanation about these perks and what suits your playstyle.1.) Berserker - They're the Vanguard perk, techincally a Melee Fighter and Tank2.) Field Medic - Self-explanatory perk, main role is to heal your teammates3.) Demolition - Explosions! if you love doing chaotic blowing things off, you should go for this perk4.) Gunslinger - Dual-Pistols badass stuff, finishing the zeds in a short work5.) Firebug - If you like to burn some Zeds and incinerate them, this perk is for you6.) Support - Excels at Crowd Control using shotguns, you can easily take out big zeds with the powerful shotgun blasts7.) Commando - You have assault rifles to deal with the trash zeds, you also have the ""Eye"" to see the Stalkers invinsibility.8.) Sharpshooter - Trading the rate, fire and mobility for increased damage and accuracy at long range9.) Swat - Clear out small or big zeds using the SMG, being abit of tanky like Berserker but with smg weapons10.) Survivalist - If you prefer to be the jack of all trades, literally.PROS- The shooting mechanism is just fantastic, the detailed gun animations and solid sound effects is quite stunning.- Teamplay is more engaging just like the Original Killing Floor.- Graphics are Astonishing.- Lots of guns and Maps are great (Even though the maps is short, the details are awesome).- Recommended if you like to customize your Character with the cosmetics, weapon skins and etc.- Perks system is amazing.- Soundtracks makes you feel being awesome! *Example: Demon Hunter - Collapsing (Instrumental)*- Chaotic coop with your friends!CONS- Not recommended for people who doesn't like Microtransactions, Cosmetics stuff and re-playability.- There are some trolls out there who still abused the voting kick system in the public game.- The game doesn't support operating system 32-bit.- Major Issues about the game, once you've played the higher Difficulties (Suicidal and HoE), you'll notice the problems about the Hardcore/Veteran KF players are talking about such as the unbalanced perks, teleportation specimens, big zeds takes alot of hits and etc.Hope ya'll folks have a great day!*You can't kill the Floor*"
,Recommended,232090,25025741,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,GrizzlyOne95,"Killing Floor 2 is a wave-based, co op shooter. It is truly an incredible game and well worth re-writing a review for.This is the game that truly got me into gaming at all. It drove me to upgrade from Intel HD graphics to an 560 ti, to finally building a new beast machine from scratch.There are just so many things that this game got right. First, the gun play is fantastic. I've never seen better gun animations and models, barring perhaps the Battlefield franchise which is reknown for it's realism in weaponry. The BLAST of a double barrel shotgun or the whistling of an RPG rocket are all done to perfection.Next, the co op is where this game truly shines. While a very fun experience playing solo, when you play with 5 other people all with different weapons shredding, exploding, blasting, and slicing through zeds (this game's ""zombies) it feels very epic. Especially to the pounding metal which I already listened to before even getting this game.Probably one of my favorite aspects of this game is the developers (which can't be said for a lot of games). Tripwire has been so loyal to this game and I can't really give them enough praise for all the continued support they give to Killing Floor 2. Every few months out comes a new weapon, map, or game mode, so don't feel that if you buy this game you are buying a dead end, dying product (quite the opposite).If you have the rig to handle it, I highly suggest turning all settings up to maximum for this game (including Nvidia flex). While a massive performance hitter, the gore is just ridiculous. I've never seen any other game that has such explosive and in-your-face gore, besides Doom 2016. It makes it pretty satisfying to blast zeds when they fall into pieces and blood flows into a puddle at your feet. Yikes.In summary, you can't go wrong with this game, especially on sale. As you can see I've put way too much time into this game and it will only go up as Tripwire adds more content. You can make or play on custom maps, jam to metal music, and slay monsters with your friends. It's awesome!!!"
76561198005226200,Recommended,232090,29216331,Posted: 12 January,all,Tom Hanks,"If you like the original killing floor, killing floor 2 might be worth looking into, if your into that kind of thing"
,Recommended,232090,30691685,Posted: 23 March,all,[!?] Señor Deltor,"Gees, where do I begin. This game left me speechless for a while. The varied classes that give perks to different weapons allows you to play differently every time. I personally use the support the most because I love using shotguns, and the way it's implemented with the penetration and such gives me memories of Doom 3 (which I recently also bought and it's still lots of fun). The gameplay is great, along with the different kinds of zeds. Whenever I use the demolitionist, sirens are my worst enemy, but this shows balance. For a character as strong as the demolitionist, such a frail enemy that can negate all, if not, most of your damage really shows it. Certain enemies also Become easier to deal with depending on the class used. Also, the ability to not only use the weapons that a certain class was made for, but to also use other classes weapons makes for great combination potential. I mixed in gunslinger weapons with demolitionist weapons and just wrecked havoc."
,Recommended,232090,30847219,Posted: 30 March,all,pH. mmSNAKE,"Killing Floor started out as a mod for UT2k4 back in 2005. I had some fun with it then but I didn't take it as seriously, when UT was still popular. Fast forward 2009 the retail version of KF came out. There were bunch of games that use this type of design, including Left 4 Dead and various modes for Call of Duty.None of them really hold a candle to Killing Floor. This is a co-op survival wave shooter. You either play solo or up to 6 people (more with modified servers). You can play short (4), medium (7) or long (10) waves per game. Amount of people, difficulty set and number of waves will determine how many zeds (the experiments) you face as well as how much money bonus you get at the end of the round. There are four difficulties. Normal, hard, suicidal and Hell on Earth. Normal beyond easy enough to do with one hand, and Hell on Earth being quite gripping and ear pounding intense.In this game you currently have 10 perks. I doubt they will add more but you never know. Each perk specializes in something (well minus survivalist). Some perks play so differently from one another that it might as well feel like a different game. Swinging a sword with a berserk, lighting things on fire with firebug or blowing through hordes with a shotgun. As you kill you gain experience wich makes perks level up. Every perk gains passive benefits each level as well as every 5 levels you unlock a skill choice, enabling different builds within perk specialization. Overall it's simple, but with plenty of content and depth to amuse gamers from both casual end of the spectrum to the hardcore number crunching kind that will know exactly how many S&W .500 shots will kill a Scrake in 6m Hell on Earth game.Anyway the game type is rather simple. You kill zeds to get xp and money. At the end of the round you spend the money at the trader. You go into next round. Final round you fight one of two currently available bosses. That is it. There is a versus mode but I personally don't play KF for that. This type of design makes it simple to either hop into a match play some and hop out without any attachements. Most of the accomplishments are on personal level, how good you are and what you managed to clear. Leveling perks is not as grind intensive as first game (well minus the custom map exploits). Getting a perk to a reasonable level of power doesn't take long, and even maxing one out is not too bad, as long as you play suicidal or hell on earth difficulty.I normally don't discuss graphics, or such asthetics because they are wildly subjective. I will however have to note their gore system. Inspired by games such as Soldier of Fortune, they took to heart to make weapons feel powerful as you blow away chunks from zeds. You will see brains, guts, skin, blood, body fluid and streets painted with blood. It's grusome, satisfying and over the top like a Tarantino film. Blowing off heads goes without saying, but there are many types of obliterations, dismemberement, even microwaving zeds to death.The other really neat feature they did is actual weapon animations and handling. From reload animations to actual gun animations are just superb. This is one HELL of attention to detail. If you ever shot real guns before this will certainly impress over what most of the time games do. Ejection ports are on correct side, brass actually doesnt hit you in the face when you shoot. You can see the barrel jerk under strain of a lot of fire (zed time especially). Cylinders of revolvers rotate. Idle animations have characters check the magazine for rounds, and actually have the kind of mags that can show this quickly. Different reload animations depending how much rounds is spent (for example a dry mag fed handgun will need to be racked, while if it wasn't dry they just replace the magazine) While the balistic performance of the firearms doesn't reflect reality (for game balance) the cosmetic asthetic attention to detail they put in is astonishing.If I had to nitpick and say few things that aren't on track I'd say their balancing is not always on point. Over time they have gotten it into a very good state, but some design choices are noticable that can feel off. All perks feel poweful and with a certain role but you will get issue with say Firebug hampering others' game because they can't aim from all the particle effects of zeds dancing around from fire. Or you will have some perks feel like a one man army (berserker) while others require a lot effort or setup with teammates (like say Shaprshooter). Then there is a survivalist that is supposed to be a jack of all trades, but just ends up as ""why didn't you pick that perk instead"", mixing and maching stuff doesn't work as well as focusing on one good thing. The other thing I'd nitpick is that the sound is not always on point. Some guns sound amazing (like M14EBR), and some sound like I'm shooting bbs (like the stoner LMG)This game does one thing, you shoot a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of zeds (monsters, experiments etc). It's relaxing, therapheutic or whatever you wish to call it. The co-operative nature of it is as strong as ever. The variety in how you want to play is quite substantial at this point. There are MANY guns to choose from and many ways to kill and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up. This is probably the best 'shoot 'em in the head' simulator out there."
,Recommended,232090,29427718,Posted: 22 January,all,PaPa,Zombie based game. Yayy!!
76561198172400846,Recommended,232090,30695037,Posted: 23 March,all,WiCkED,"The Descend is a pretty damn good map. The boss room is beautiful !Nuked is also nice. They constantly update the game and I feel like they listen to the community so if you re thinking about getting this game, you should."
76561198052646279,Recommended,232090,30803812,Posted: 28 March,all,Sir Arthur Daynk[420],Great game. Slow but constant new content. If you like shooters and killin Zombies(Zeds) this is for you.
76561198034126797,Recommended,232090,30668989,Posted: 22 March,all,Twomd,Most fun killing a jew-hunting cyborg zombie I've ever had.
,Recommended,232090,31025277,Posted: 8 April,all,FanA.-,"Do you like survival-horror games? Bashing zombies/monsters and popping heads for fun? Or have you ever played any previous Killing Floor? Did you love it? I mean LOVE it? Well, this game is made for you then.Same old Zed slaughter carnage with more perks, new weapons, new gamemodes and breath-taking,gore-geous visuals. WithVS Survivalyou have the chance to play a 6v6 game where you can team up with others to fight as Zeds to defeat the hoomans. The newest gamemode, a sub-mode to the origial Survival isThe Descent, which means you play every wave(expect the 1st and Boss wave)on one of the 9 different maps. What's the difference? These maps are small(so you can't really run away and weld doors, rather you must try to survive at one area)and played in a random order in every game so, you know, there's a kind of variety in every playthrough you make.You even have the chance to get stuff while you play thanks to Zedconomy, which means you can find items(weapon skins, cosmetic items or crates)that can be traded with other folks or sold on the Steam community market.Long story short, I can only recommend this game to everybody. If it's not your table, I understand, we're all different, have different taste and opinions,*blah*, *blah*, *blah*, *talks for eternaty about life and unnecessary bulls**t*"
,Recommended,232090,28439507,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Bjørn,The awesome and visceral visuals and animations perfectly compliment the entertaining and satisfying gunplay.
76561198018804497,Recommended,232090,30644873,Posted: 20 March,all,Elson Grimm,"Truly the best Co-op survival series ever. First one is great this one even better, and its just becuase its tough and yet so ♥♥♥♥ing fun to pick up a gun with 5 friends and save the world!"
,Recommended,232090,30657945,Posted: 21 March,all,TacticalTruth,"Killing Floor 2 distinguishes itself from all of the other “Horde mode” games by being really polished, and having pretty thrilling combat. Also it’s hilariously violent, so that helps a ton. Also I want to make a point now to mention the sound design, as this review focuses directly on the combat. The sound design in this game is quite good. Certain enemies announce their presence via unsettling sounds in the distance letting you know they have spawned and to prepare yourself. The various throaty moans, and sounds of pain, that the Zeds make really dial up the creepy factor; especially if you play with headphones on.I don’t play a lot of horror games, but I also don’t usually shout when I’m frightened. Playing on a dark map with my headphones on has produced multiple, audible, “Oh F***!” moments out of me.Another element that adds to the realism is that the gunplay in Killing Floor 2 is pretty phenomenal. It might have some of the most lovingly articulated reload animations I’ve ever seen in a video game. I’m continuously impressed by how the weapons handle, and are treated in this game.I find myself enamored with the beautifully animated reload animations. Sometimes even in combat! Tripwire even took into account if you have a bullets remaining in the magazine, or one in the chamber – and the animation will alter itself accordingly. An example of this being: if you have some bullets left in a magazine your reload animation will take longer, because your character will save the magazine for later – rather than wasting ammo by throwing it on the ground. Which can actually work towards your own detriment if you reload at the wrong time. Every second you’re not shooting is more time for the Zeds to close in on you.The same attention to detail found in the animations is also found in the shooting mechanics. You see, in Killing Floor 2 there isn’t a reticle, you have to actually aim. There is realistic recoil, meaning you can’t just fire randomly and expect to hit anything at range. And although they don’t go so far as to simulate magazines… Basically what I’m getting at is: The shooting is the best part of this game, and elevates it above being a standard wave based zombie defense into something a little more interesting. There are components to the shooting that feel like they’re trying to simulate real life, but don’t go so far as to be off putting. Killing Floor 2’s combat is a great mixture of fast arcade action that makes it fun, and a realistic grounding to keep it interesting.Great guns are fun and all, but what about the things you’re shooting at? I feel they could have done a better job in some areas of the enemy design. There are twelve different types of Zeds you will fight. Which provides enough variety so Killing Floor 2 doesn’t get dull too fast, like other games of this type tend to.  However in practice there are more like nine. Not a major difference… But three, arguably four, of the enemies in the game are functionally identical to one another. And although there is decent variety in how you have to engage with the unending Zeds; I can’t help but feel like there is another “archetype” or role that’s missing from their ranks. As it stands, nothing attacks you from a different angle, all of the Zeds more or less move along the shortest available path to you. And I feel that this is a missed opportunity. Plenty of the maps have some form of verticality, and it’s almost never utilized by your opponents. There is untapped potential there.Aside from a little lack of depth, the biggest problem I have with Killing Floor 2 is its bosses. First, there are only two of them. Second I don’t find either of them to be particularly well designed, balanced, or fun to fight.When you fight the bosses online it usually goes one of two ways: Either you hold them up by their legs and steal their lunch money, or you get so utterly annihilated that it would be funny if it wasn’t so annoying. I find myself really enjoying Killing Floor 2 until I have to fight the Boss wave. I feel like they kill the momentum that’s accumulated over the course of the match; and when you’ve spent the last forty-five minutes fighting through ten waves of enemies – dying because the boss ran away to heal 90% of his HP while you’re out of ammo is not a fun way to end your play session.The Bosses, and a small lack of depth, are a stain on an otherwise great game. If you have a group of buddies willing to play, or you don’t mind playing with randoms, then Killing Floor is 100% worth the money. Otherwise, maybe wait for a sale if you intend to play alone."
,Recommended,232090,30740944,Posted: 25 March,all,ZED,A great mashup of DeadSpace and Shadow Warrior.Pro:-Lots of Classes to choose from.-Lots of maps-Lots of guns-Lots of gore (if you're into that you'll just love it)-Challenging Difficulties-Boss Fights.-Cool Graphics (if your PC can handle them)-LOTS OF FUN!!!Cons:-Cringy Taunting-CSGO-like skinsI rate this game... 10/10I freaking love it!
76561198085971951,Recommended,232090,35410289,Posted: 2 October,all,Ruin N Gaun,"It may looked like a regular wave based shooter from the outside, but on the inside is a fun strategic, class based shooter that embraced what made wave based shooter fun. Strategic thinking and teamwork.The game also have a ton of weapon and still updates daily. With the upcoming daily quest, weapon, map update. I can't wait for the future of this game.The game also have a similar lootbox system like Counter Strike Global Offensive case, but you can atleast earn 1 skin/box if you at least play once a day. Still, it's still bug me that this game have lootbox cosmetic item.If you don't mind the lootbox cosmetic system, this game is a fun cooperative wave based shooter."
76561198061118927,Recommended,232090,35480475,Posted: 4 October,all,🎃Spooky Ray🎃,"Awesome game, excellent game-play and banging music!"
76561198036202326,Recommended,232090,28733900,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,HawkEyeDevil,"It would take far too long to explain how great this game is, but I will give a few examples.Example 1: Perks, perks, perks are new and improved with added perks from the last game and with specialized weapons for eachExample 2: Graphics are honestly great, I put my graphics to medium and it still looked amazing.Example 3: Servers are constantly up. Just look at the previous game, killing floor and you'll see that the servers are still hosted by players themselves.Example 4: You'll never run out of things to do as you can always level up your perks and play on new maps and have new experiences.Final example: Everything is completely updated from killing floor 1! The only reason to buy killing floor over killing floor 2 would be to save a minute amount of money."
,Recommended,232090,30735208,Posted: 25 March,all,ClickClick,i liek it.
,Recommended,232090,29457284,Posted: 23 January,all,cass,"Trust me guys, when you fire this game up, your little ♥♥♥♥ing nuts are gonna start quaking, buddy. Your little nuts are gonna be quaking YEAAAHHHHH. YEAH YEAHHH! You're gonna shoot♥♥♥♥♥ You're gonna shoot♥♥♥♥♥ You're gonna shoot HOT♥♥♥♥♥EVERYWHEEERREE! That's a promise. That's a ♥♥♥♥ing promise right there."
76561198007931766,Recommended,232090,27991805,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Vade,"What can i say:no other game allows blowing up 400 pound giants and then using their heads as target pratice in the air in slowmo while a flamethrowermutant explodes covering you in guts.. Also, Hans Volter!"
,Recommended,232090,30661571,Posted: 21 March,all,necreyu,Really good game.The VS mode needs a little work.  And the game could use a few more game modes.  Like an unlimited and objective mode.
,Recommended,232090,27082632,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SkylarKitty,Having finally exited Early Access I can finally review and recommend this game to anyone who's a fan of wave based shooters.
,Recommended,232090,30882723,Posted: 1 April,all,MeChTa,cool game i recommend it :)
,Recommended,232090,29534375,Posted: 27 January,all,SmplyFrenchToast™,"I love this game I truly do, Killing Floor 2 wears its heart on its sleeve—a bold move considering there’s no ace stuffed up there. The few things it does, it does boldly and unabashedly well. It’s a fast, fun co-op shooter with cool classes, satisfying guns, and aggressive, grotesque enemies, all doused in fitting heavy metal music. However, zoom out from the gorefest a bit and you’ll see Killing Floor 2 is also an online shooter with only two modes, two boss battles, and some unnecessary time sinks. It’s not a buffet though; it’s comfort food, meant to be eaten again and again and again. With that mindset clearly front and center for developer Tripwire, Killing Floor 2 delights on the back of its great gameplay."
,Recommended,232090,30073899,Posted: 20 February,all,Mr. Pingu,I love it!
76561198037060151,Recommended,232090,30655204,Posted: 21 March,all,Parttous,"Behold, a game that had a less than stellar beginning with early access, now a full premium quality game with frequent updates. A rare sight, indeed."
,Recommended,232090,30738690,Posted: 25 March,all,☀ Pokolgép,"-Pros-+ Good graphics+ Good optimization thanks to unreal engine+ Great game mechanics+ Good amount of weapon choices and perks for different classes+ Unique classes with their own personality and voice lines (+1 for accents)+ 1-6 players with appropriate scaling to the difficulty with more or less players (this is applied at the start of the wave)+ The maps are great and the design is spot on (there are custom ones available as well if you get bored of the stock ones)+ The background music is great (you can turn on the vocals for them as well if you'd like)+ Solid menu and in-game UI design+ Weekly challenges that as the name suggest are actually challenging and keep you busy (after completion you get a reward item but it is not marketable or tradeable, still it is a nice addition I think altough everyone uses those items after getting it which is annoying sometimes)+ Great community+ Collectibles (small items) are hidden on stock maps for a bit more fun if you have time between waves going looking for them (achievements can be earned per map after collecting 10 of them)-Neutral-~ Micro transactions and cosmetics: In some games it is a crate or a case, here it is a usb that can be opened. However what is different and better is that instead of being useless you can recycle the usbs into tokens which I liked cause after collecting 10 of the same type you can craft either a weapon skin or a cosmetic depending on the type you have.-Cons-- Long game launch time (~3-4 mins that can be reduced by installing on an SSD instead)- Matchmaker sometimes can put you on servers with 200-300ms ping (unplayable) -> use the server browser instead- Rarely but it can happen that items such as your weapon or dosh (money) bugs out or gets out of the reachable area so it becomes unreachable for the players- Only 2 bosses available at the end of the match- I kinda wish there was an option to upgrade your weapons, for example buy better bullets for more damage or something because in the end-game you can get a lot of cash saved up (unless you are playing with suicidal or hell on earth difficulty)- For some, the French trader robot lady can get annoying with her constant tips on what to do- I wish there was a story mode or some text about how the zeds were created and get to know the background story better"
,Recommended,232090,31335727,Posted: 24 April,all,LadyAquarius,"Great music, allows you to be a pyromaniac, and you get puked on and screamed at by the undead. What is there not to like?"
,Recommended,232090,35084826,Posted: 20 September,all,Lily Allen,n1
,Recommended,232090,27138091,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,†PainKiller†,Best gun porn ever! If you like guns and the way shooting feel that's a must have game for you.
,Recommended,232090,30859165,Posted: 31 March,all,Vortox,"Pretty fun FPS. I got it on the ""free weekend"" played it for a few hours and enjoyed it. Alot of blood and guts and firepower.Ended up purchasing it afterwards."
,Not Recommended,232090,23474409,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,meow_cats,no
,Recommended,232090,15484596,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,skidbaby,"The sequel Killing Floor deserved.10/10EDIT: after announcing microtransactions I still love the game 100%. These do not affect the game whatsoever, and when you see these idiots bandwagon over this, just look up the facts before you jump on with them.Here is a Kotaku article about why this was implemented:http://www.kotaku.co.uk/2015/11/24/tripwire-on-killing-floor-2-microtransactions-this-is-the-right-thing-for-the-game"
,Recommended,232090,15580308,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Assault & Battery,"Killing floor 2, best way to describe this game so far, is that this is what words ""early access"" should stand for in front of the game.Game so far is good as it is, and even with small amount of perks etc. this game gives you pretty much content for your dosh."
,Recommended,232090,26837016,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BLVCK,"В Killing Floor первый я играл очень много. Но только на пиратской версии. Удовольствие получал много.Когда на одно сервере играет до 30 людей и против тебя 800 мутантов, то это было нечто. Удовольствие просто кипело в тебе.Через не которое  время анонсировали Killing Floor 2. Да ее встретили не очень, одлскульщики поливали игру ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ом но мне она понравилась. Графика не бомба но она приятная. Пришло время и можно было купить Раннию Версию. И когда я зашел в нее то я был просто рад. Персонажи выглядили классно, оружие тоже. Звук бомба. Музыка просто поднимало настроение. Расчлененка ммммм просто Мясо. Крови просто дохрена и вся карта залита ею.Рассказывать можно много. Я ей даю 10 из 10. Берите с друзьями и гасите гнид :)"
76561198055598041,Recommended,232090,16563239,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ClockyNH,Fun for the whole family.
,Recommended,232090,15590068,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,VirtualJunky,"So badass. Everything I loved about the first plus more, and in HD."
,Recommended,232090,28247304,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,MwK ZzZzZzZz,A fun co-op game +1 from me. Was a huge fan of the first game! so i decided to give this a try and it's a really fun game with your friends :)
,Recommended,232090,33138519,Posted: 2 July,all,Jolly Ol' Nixxy,They are not zombies....they're clones that are called zeds thats have the tendency to eat flesh.
76561198027009605,Recommended,232090,15515378,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Jan,"Not much has changed, the weapons still feel satisfying, the monsters returned and there's still a lot of gore. Yet Killing Floor 2 feels way better then the first one due to its great animations, smooth performance and level progression.For the people that life under a rock and haven't played the first Killing Floor (you've missed out!), the game is about surviving waves of monsters by killing them, once you've killed an x of monsters the wave ends and you'll get time to buy new gear such as armor, weapons and grenades.For an Early Acces game this is extremely well polished and it feels finished, it only lacks content such as more maps, more perks and more weapons, which will be added over time.Conclusion: This is how an Early Acces game should be done!"
76561198085010080,Recommended,232090,32573423,Posted: 19 June,all,Blue,"You're probably wondering what a game like this has to offer, and if you'll be interested, so I'll give you a simple answer before the rest of this review.Do you like non-stop, gory shooting and melee combat? Repetitive levels that are all about blasting minions to shreds? Using badass weapons with some gore to compliment your destructive weapons? You will love this game.Some folks who dislike this game say it's repetitive. There's nothing wrong with repetition in a game that does it right, though, and that's exactly what this game does. There's tons of destruction with plenty of gore to compliment that destruction, so I honestly can't see why this game would be considered boring unless these types of shooters really aren't your thing, in which case that's not really a good reason to give it a negative review, simply because this isn't your type of genre.The game also has metal tracks in it as well, so I'm sure you'll enjoy that if you're a metalhead.1) What is the game's concept?Killing Floor 2 is a minion shooter where you can team up or play solo and go on, well a killing spree until the final level, where you have to kill the boss. Hence the game's name. You've got different classes, or perks to play as. The different classes focus on weapons like shotguns, explosives, melee weapons, among other things. There's bound to be a class that suits your playstyle. You've also got different types of pre-made characters to choose from that have different outfits for you to pick.You also use a system of in-game currency that is earned from killing these minions, which you use to buy ammo, armor, and new weapons.2) What is the storyline?The storyline is simple, and for a game that's all about blasting the living daylights out of zombie-like minions, simple storylines are always better. Basically, a mad British scientist, who is the head of a genetics company, began experimenting with freakish creations, called zeds, which are genetically modified clones. Something went wrong, and now the zeds are all over the place, destroying society. Groups of survivors are desperately fighting to beat back the zeds.The zeds do behave a bit like zombies, except they do not spread a virus. As far as combat is concerned, they are much more lethal than typical zombies that behave like cannon fodder, that's because there's various species of these things.3) Is the game challenging?Yes. The two highest difficulty levels are challenging, The tougher it gets, the less money and ammo you have. There are four total, from easiest to toughest: normal, hard, suicidal, and Hell on Earth.The first two difficulty levels just consist of hordes of enemies moving around aimlessly, waiting for you to shoot them. Everything begins to change on suicidal and only gets worse on Hell on Earth. In these difficulty levels, enemies will move faster and use more teamwork against you and your teammates.There are various types of enemies in this game as well. Some will try to use stealth to kill you off, others travel in packs and try to overwhelm you with numbers. Others are huge and massive and will never stop chasing you down so they can pulverize you into the ground.As of now, there are two bosses on this game who have higher health levels and special weapons, but I don't plan to elaborate on them.What are the game's cons? Is it missing anything?It's a game with a simple concept, which is mindlessly killing minions. That's not really a con in itself because this is what this game is meant to be, which is simple, repetitive fun.But I would count the fact that there are only two types of bosses as a con.As far as the game missing a few things, I would like to see players having the option to create their own character, but that's really all I can say.If possible, I'd also like to see a story mode for this.All of these negative things I mentioned for Killing Floor 2 really aren't major problems. This is a game that is simple, to the point, and gory fun. That's really all that matters for a game like this, and it executes it well. I would reccomend for those who enjoy playing shooters like these."
76561198061898686,Recommended,232090,15563613,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,{*S.T.A.R.S*} Lubricated Dragon,a absolutly wounderfull thing killing floor was the first game i ever got on steam and killing floor 2 is every thing i wanted from kf. the feel and the look of the game is amazing  i love everything about this game except for 1 thing... the katana doesnt lvl up berzerker
,Recommended,232090,15571070,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Cave,I SHOULD NOT HAVE BOUGHT THIS BECAUSE I DON'T HAVE ANY MONEY OR THE TIME TO PLAY IT BUT I DID ANYWAY BECAUSE IT LOOKED SO GOOD AND I WAS RIGHT IT'S AMAZING AND DEFINITELY WORTH YOUR LIFE PLUS IT'S ONLY GONNA GET BETTER FROM HERE SO SOMEONE SEND HELP
,Recommended,232090,15509547,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Viciousf,"For those of you wondering, yes, if you were decent at the original game, you will not be disapointed here. It FEELS like the Killing Floor we all know and love. If you were an awesome Commando, or Berserker, the skills you use will be basically the same, just more, well MORE. The maps are bigger, the gameplay more frenetic and the hoardes of Zeds just as you remember them, exploding head goodness!If you are considering the Deluxe edition, I can vouch for that too. The soundtrack that comes with is a 26 track brutal dosage of dirty guitar goodness. A little thrash, a ton of heavy, and ALL bad♥♥♥♥♥zed killing tunes, you'll want to download them to your mp3 and face the apocalypse in your office too!"
,Recommended,232090,16014976,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Berq,"The question isn't, ""Should I buy Killing Floor 2?""  but rather, ""Should I buy Killing Floor 2 NOW?""Let's back up.  DO you like the idea of a gory, cooperative first person shooter that features a character leveling system?  Because that is KF.  And for those defining aspects of KF, know that each is enjoyable and satisfying.  And because you answered ""yes,"" buying the game will leave you with that warm feeling of money well invested.When, though?  Because it ain't done yet.  A large percentage of the content is still missing.  Certain gameplay elements still need balancing, UI elements need tweaking, and various bugs need patching.  Still, it's already highly playable and stable.  So ask yourself: ""What is my relationship to my games like?""  Is it the slow burn of a marriage that stands the test of time, or the consuming fire of a passionate fling?  Unless you're committed to playing KF2 as much a year from now as the day you buy it, you may find the game a bit lacking.  MAYBE, not certainly.I will continue to update this review as the state of Killing Floor 2 develops."
,Recommended,232090,15500439,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Cronix,Graphics increased.Sprint is now available.More bloody zeds.Can check Gun ammo if u press (R).Cheap.
76561198014781962,Recommended,232090,21619290,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Woofling Howl,one of the best zombie games out there if you haven't tried it buy it and give it a try if you don't like it you can easily refund but there is almost no bugs glitches or exploits its basically just an allround good zombie shooter + awesome soundtrack
,Recommended,232090,27151814,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ShadowDraft,Finally the game has been released and all german users probably had the same reaction as me. A big sigh of relief.Thank you Tripwire for not censoring your game. Now I can enjoy the full Killing Floor experience with friends and not feel annoyed by the censoring that's been popping up a lot this year.
,Recommended,232090,27317095,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,<(CKS)>HUNTER0CALVARY,Tell it to the Judge ...
,Recommended,232090,27580234,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Vortex -VENDO CNT GLOBAL,"KF2 Trouxe de volta a época boa dos games Hardcore, extremamente divertido em team play e com uma das melhores trilhas sonoras que já ouvi durante um game."
,Recommended,232090,29216115,Posted: 12 January,all,:Thinking:,killing floor 2
76561198013785384,Recommended,232090,27062896,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Labrat0,"How to survive? Run and shoot? Yes. Cover and heal your teammates? Yes. Kill every Zed you find? Yes. Hide in a cornor and cry? No!Not just a simple wander in and shoot till victory game. you must also your wits. Do you hold the choke point or try for higher ground? Defend an area or Hit and run? keep an eye out on your ammo, health and your teammates, Be aware of your sorroundings and prioritize the Zeds. Fail any of these or more and there will not be enough of you or your team to fit in a bodybag."
76561198082397462,Recommended,232090,27816949,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Divanios,Blood everywhere
76561198004769259,Recommended,232090,28417828,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,CHEEKI BREEKI,"Incredibly addicting, brutal, fast-paced zombie shooter. Higher level difficulties are not for the faint of heart.Your teammates WILL throw you under the bus in order to get more kills, but that's ok, because you have the pleasure of watching them get wiped out.It's similar to left 4 dead, but offers a lot more variety and customization (gameplay wise and aesthetically). Awesome voice acting and sound effects, visuals/graphics are OK.If you're a fan of zombies, heavy metal, action and gore, this game is for you."
76561198001786234,Recommended,232090,25674967,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Delstro,"It's been a long and bumby road from the initial Early Access period to now, and I can safely say this is probably one of the best experiences you can have with an Early Access game. Full release, here we come."
,Recommended,232090,27394828,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Friendly Squid,Slashers are redStalkers are see throughTwo bloody great handfullsBoth barrels for you
76561198043884147,Recommended,232090,27543123,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kushส็็็็็็็ส,guns and gore.that is all
76561197987219401,Recommended,232090,30486318,Posted: 13 March,all,beantood,this is a good game i have a gay friend sean from canada who was afraid of this game but he played it and still liked it10/10
,Recommended,232090,29418122,Posted: 22 January,all,hi,"s fun, s'good:oink:"
,Recommended,232090,32567410,Posted: 19 June,all,Mentle,Gun handling is greatLots of variations of zedsGore and graphics are decentGame mechanics are fair and balancedLots of replayability
,Recommended,232090,27873907,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Naesil,"After the official release the game have improved vastly, new classes, new maps, some new mobs and for what ever reason the game feels really good.Still hoping for new bosses and maybe some remakes of old classic original killing floor maps.Highly recommended if you enjoy intense co-op first person ""horror"" shooter!"
,Recommended,232090,29435836,Posted: 22 January,all,CaptOblivious,"It's a great game, but not perfect. The game as a whole is extremely fun but suffers from some annoying things like spots in some maps that can be abused easily and weird enemy spawn locations. But if you can ignore th negatives and enjoy a very violent game where you can literally paint the whole map red, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,232090,31283833,Posted: 21 April,all,FlyingPenguinOFC,"Great fast coop gameplay in the spirit of the original Killing Floor. Not happy with the dev's recent focus on in-game purchases, but to be fair it's all cosmetic stuff and you don't need to buy any of that. Play long enough like I have and you earn a few nice goodies on your own."
,Recommended,232090,27405792,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,(noob)cobra,so far so damn good
,Recommended,232090,29891980,Posted: 12 February,all,hmk89,Dark souls'esque Left4Dead where skills matter and micro transactions for swag.
76561198130129247,Recommended,232090,27819927,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Egocentric Predicament,"A fast paced, round based, survival laced, enjoyable paste... of blood that isKilling Floor 2 is a fun game that can be played in short or long bursts. A class system with perk abilities that does not limit the player to certain weapons, but allows for a mix of different classed weapons in one play through. A mix of maps, weapons, characters, classes and enemy types keeps the fast round based games varied and stops the game from becoming repetitive. There is no story, at least I don't think there is, but you can make up your own reason why you are fighting hoards of the undead in a variation of different culture settings. There are four difficulty settings, ranging fromIt functions very much as a stress reliever, allowing you to blow-up the heads of zeds with an explosion of guts, blood and gore; why wouldn't someone want that?Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,232090,29740443,Posted: 6 February,all,"""That Guy""",Let the bodies hit the floorLet the bodies hit the floorLet the bodies hit the floorLet the bodies hit the... floor
,Recommended,232090,27176019,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,prezli,?¿
,Recommended,232090,29459705,Posted: 24 January,all,Xeroz,"Killing floor 2, what is there not to talk about, you had a wild ride in early acces, it went from bad to good to worse to good, to better and now just great.Don't get me wrong killing floor 2 defenetly is worth every penny.Want a game where weaponry feel satisfying to use?CheckWant a game that is easy to pick up and play with friends?CheckWant a game that can be challenging to your own needs and skills and of course in the procces feels balanced?CheckWant a game that still get's support from the developers or the community with mods?CheckWant a game that runs well?CheckThere isn't much bad too this game from what i can tell, the only things it would miss is just more gamemodes other than survival and PvP.It lacks a story mode, but i think people could agree it doesn't fit that well into it, but a objective mode could be welcome.Other than that i say hats of to tripwire that they stayed strong and kept pushing trough the negativity from the community and kept working on finishing this game and making it just good and fun to play."
,Recommended,232090,27967517,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Satanic | Chronos,"If you're looking for Left for Dead in good, check this out!It has:GoreKnivesGunsFunny CharactersNaughty Voicelines"
,Recommended,232090,35202394,Posted: 25 September,all,♰ Morslyte ♰,You shoot monsters with guns. What else could you wish for? ;P
,Recommended,232090,16400845,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,HYDROGEN FUELED KRAKEN,Play this ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Recommended,232090,27278280,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,{FP}Camouflage,Goriest game I've ever played!10/10 would get grossed out again.
,Recommended,232090,15527266,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Phuranku,"One of the best horde survival games i have ever played. It is also the best early access game i have ever played, i havent run into any bugs. This game is one of the most challenging games ive played in awhile, and is LOTS of fun."
,Recommended,232090,15593349,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Moo,"*Note: I haven't tried Online play yet, so I'll update this after I do so*Pros:-Same ol' fun Zed killing-Graphics are updated, doesn't look like a PS2 game anymore-Parrying with melee weapons is super helpful-Number of perks and number of specific perk levels keeps up the replay value (also, no more perk prerequisites to rank up to the next rank)-A couple new enemy types, each with their own brand of attacks-Custom lobbies with friends-Characters are much more vocal now, voice commands are easier to navigate-Lower difficulty curve for new players-Knowing Tripwire, they'll be constantly updating the game and giving us more content to play with in the future!-Being able to melee with your weapons-The new ZED Time looks neeeeeat~-They gave the Trader a personality, felt like I had someone watching my back-The new Patriarch is INSANE. Nice to have some indication of his health level throughout the battle as well.Cons:-Berserker is quite under powered at the moment-Maps are smaller than I'm used to (except for Outpost)-Parrying lag can ruin things-Trader menu layout is a bit cluttered. Lost track of what I was doing sometimes (and we all know you can't afford to waste time between waves)-The sprint function felt very sluggish, didn't feel like I was moving very fastI won't make a comment on the lack of perks/weapons/levels because this is, after all, an Early Access game and I'm sure more content will be added as soon as they're done tweaking everything!All in all, KF2 is very fun so far and I recommend it to anyone who's played the first one!"
76561198165138765,Recommended,232090,15482029,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Jorvan,"This is KF1 but...MUCH better graphic, beter system, Awansome feeling (i mean BLOODBATH EVERYWHERE!), LESS weapon ( But i m sure that they will add more ), Better Zeds, More Zeds, Better Music!I can say that this game is Worth even more $! 9/10"
76561197993259240,Not Recommended,232090,19723724,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Cytanger,"Microtransactions before release, means you shouldn't buy it before release. Maybe they'll make a very good game and all can be forgiven. But it looks to me like they have decided to burn the goodwill of customers in exchange for cash up front."
,Not Recommended,232090,19802533,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,»Nyxiᴇᴇ¹,"...God do I want to refund this.Let's start at the beginning.Seeing this being confirmed made me moist.I was hype as hell for this game, and when it finally came out, I binged 6 hours of gameplay.The game was great, and although featureless at the time, it was still good to play with friends.I did stop playing for a while, because there was nothing to do; the game became dull, and I ignored it for a few months.Now, I've played it again.And I want a refund.Oh, good god, do I want a refund.Effectively, they've improved the game.There's more maps, there's more classes, and if you're lucky, you get the Patriarch instead of the annoying prick that is Hans Volter.Except they've taken the CS:GO route.Now there's ""Encrypted USB's."" that give you skins.Why do we need skins?I dunno, because we're all spastics, apparently.To decrypt these USB's, you ask?That'll be $2.50 in real money, thank you...What?I'm sorry, this is a ♥♥♥♥ing horror survival game, this isn't Counter-Strike.No, I'm not giving you real money for a frankly completely idiotic system to begin with.The fact Tripwire have done this just proves they're in it for money.They don't care anymore.If they did, this♥♥♥♥♥♥wouldn't be a system in the game.Is the game itself worth it?Sure, if you like unfinished games [Seriously, play Killing Floor 1, you'll get a better game.]Killing Floor 2 has graphics, better gore, and different guns, at the cost of infinitely less maps, a single gamemode, and significantly less weapons.I wouldn't rate it higher than 5 on a 0-10 scale.Hell, that's pushing it.All-in-all.It's a disappointment.I regret buying this game.And I regret bothering."
,Recommended,232090,15798920,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,King of Knights,This game have great blood
,Recommended,232090,28078995,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,"Fuck you, leatherman.","Pretty awesome, everything I expected it to be and more. Not to say the game is perfect but I did actually have to make an effort to find things that sucked about it.They're still using this toughguy deathcore soundtrack which is just totally assy. I mean when I'm shooting zombies in the face with a revolver I don't want ot be listening to little Billy's metalcore djent ♥♥♥♥♥♥y that he wrote when dad wouldn't buy him pizza or something. I mean you've got nerds in bands like Toxic Holocaust and Lich King that would put their music in the game. Plus they replaced the trader with some faceless French lady and I thought that the black lady that had before was way hotter but eh.Performance is fine and I can actually run it at max settings despite having just a little over minimum system requirements. Gunplay works and the new gore system kicks♥♥♥♥♥as well. I love the claymore and I love how it just chops like ten clots in half with one swing. You always feel overpowered but that usually leads to your death so pay attention to your health.The new Reverend character is pretty baller and the class system still isn't stupidly restrictive so you can use pretty much any guns you want just like the first game.Microtransactions are kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ but people really freak out too much over them. It's not like a character in game will constantly go HEY BUY ALL THESE THINGS THAT YOU DON'T NEED SO OTHER PEOPLE WILL BE JEALOUS LOLOLOL.Main complaint I've seen is people complaining about a lack of the ""Martial Artist"" class despite all the evidence of said class even being a thing amounting to some placeholder artwork and an icon. Really guys, quit your ♥♥♥♥♥ing."
,Recommended,232090,26947554,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TempletonPeck,"You took that Scrake down HARD, gave me henflesh, come on, ahh, vous savez."
,Recommended,232090,29751321,Posted: 6 February,all,[LST] HeyDaniko,Fun. Quite a bit of fun. I like it.
76561198052931975,Recommended,232090,29931384,Posted: 14 February,all,"Guido, the Killer Pimp","Just like the original Killing Floor - Zombies, guns, slow motion, and DOSH! - but better in every single way. There are better zombies, more guns, badass slow motion abilities, and DOSH PHYSICS!Absolutely would reccomend for anyone who is a fan of Horde Mode style shooters"
,Recommended,232090,27904870,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dissimilar,SPOOKY MONSTERS AND CRAZY WEAPON?! LOOKS LIKE THE GAME FOR ME :D
,Recommended,232090,30332457,Posted: 5 March,all,HДTЯƎD,"Unleash your primal instinct and enjoy the killings. The raw gore and blood splattered deep into your clothing does not matter, Kill for the kill. No matter who's blood it is, You cannot remember who you were, are currently, or are gonna be. It's only the kill. The blood splashing on your face as you tear tendons, flesh, and bone apart with whatever selection of weapons at your hand. Choose wisely. For the enemy is bio augmented. You don't keep moving. I'll have to clean you off a wall somewhere. Some won't like to, as they cannot accept who they are, it's about survival and that's it. You cannot uphold yourself and your teammates at the same time, you will be killed by the horde of freaks. Hold the line, or break. Death is the only sweet release from the game of survival. But that's to quick. Good luck.The End is here, arm yourself, Brother."
,Recommended,232090,25667326,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,urnotjustin,"This game has so much love dumped into it day in and day out. The developers are passionate and I've never had more respect for a game developer. Killing Floor 2 is everything Left 4 Dead claims to be and it isn't finished yet. To start, the beauty of shooting, slicing, stabbing, bludgeoning, burning, freezing, electrocuting, and blowing up the zeds is a gaming marvel to experience. The 'gib' animations and diversity for every attack is incredible even after 150 hours I still find myself seeing zeds die in brutal/funny above all satisfying ways. Every word I used are literal features in the game and provide buckets of gorey action filled violence that feel stimulating when you add in gaining xp towards whatever class you're playing. The max level for every class is 25 but personally I think for an aesthetic purpose they should remove the cap so you could just keep leveling up but unless you play one class only it takes a very respectable amount of time to level up and gives off that ""grind"" feel even if the game itself is very linear it's a nice reward for playing. Along the rewards for xp like new perks, at the end of each game you have a chance to be dropped crates/weapon skins similar to csgo. The game has a micro-economy with really awesome items like character cosmetics, weapon skins or a rare variation of either. The characters are all very cool, diverse, silly, have a bit of dialogue, maybe even a lot but at times i wish they'd add in more voice lines because ""looks like a friday night kebab... just"" gets old after a while. The boss battles are very linear, straight forward, and what I like is strategy can be applied to it, but the style of game being a violent shoot everything game you still have that option. Battles are hard, but winning them is satisfactory and the developers constantly are working on how to improve things. This is an internet opinion but I made all the points I could from my perspective. If you like violent nonstop action full of swearing, blood, bullets, and death get it. It's a game that should be regarded how L4D is, and once they roll out objective mode (in the works at the time of this review?) it'll be the go to 'zombie' shooter."
76561198106725267,Recommended,232090,34851861,Posted: 9 September,all,イスピクス,If you wanna earn dosh fast and easy while relieving all that stress from a long day of pain and suffering then look no further that Killing Floor 2. The best way to earn dosh and kill zeds all at the same time.
,Recommended,232090,35038789,Posted: 17 September,all,RedScorpion,"Wonderful game, it has stolen all my attention and has everything a lover of the first person shooter can wish for, I do not get bored in any moment and I always want more, there are many tasks to complete and achievements to get, mini games and many characters for level up and improve by setting them to your style of play. Recommended 100% it is noticed that it is made with affection and it is surprising the realistic of the movements of both the perks and the enemies zeds, when I saw the video of how they captured the movements, I loved it more. Thanks for all the hard work and allowing games like this for the gamer community."
,Recommended,232090,35101865,Posted: 21 September,all,DICK_KICKEM_'79,i love splash screens
,Recommended,232090,15832643,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,evil,its nice
,Not Recommended,232090,23636881,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,skibud,"I really like this game, but its so broken right now I can't keep on playing it.  It takes forever to find a match and on top of that the game basically ignores any filters you set when trying to find a match (for example, I put gamemode on survival only and I kept getting put in VS survival)Tripwire, please fix these bugs.  This game is amazing and I really want to play it but I just can't right now with the state that it's in"
76561198073789216,Not Recommended,232090,23824206,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Windyy,"good game , i have never played kf1 before so i can't understand all the negative review , but if their opinions are right and can make the game become better then you should listen to them , i'll leave my early access review as a negative"
,Not Recommended,232090,21399494,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Moist Provolone,community blows. dont bother
,Not Recommended,232090,23662934,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,the senpai hellcase.com,i had bought this game last summer while it was in alpha there was only one major bug i had charecters bodies didnt move correctly the zeds we spinning as they moved a year later and the problems persists i messaged steam about this they didnt help i message tripwire asking for assistance and still no help im so angered by the fact that they wouldnt help a customer with a problem frankly im disappointed with tripwire i messaged tripwire a month ago everyone else seems to have a perfect copy of the game im the only one with the ♥♥♥♥ed up version. Thanks tripwire for the terrible customer service. Finally got a response from tripwire today and they said I don't have a graphics card compatible to the game I do a compatible one and still they didn't offer any kind of compensation what so ever.
,Recommended,232090,15641302,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,❦Xeonzsღ💕,"There is no reason not to get this game.I've got 912 hours in the original as I was an avid fan of the game and was really looking forward to this.A lot of games are huge dissapointments, but Killing Floor 2 in it's early access stage still impresses you and it's potential is amazing.The gameplay is as it should be; rewarding, the animations are smooth and clean, the graphics are stunning.I can't wait for all the other perks and content to be released, GIVE THIS GAME ALL YOUR DOSH!Edit:After the content pack and balancing changes the game is more what I hoped it would be, it's an amazing gorefest now! 10/10Edit2:With the introduction of the sharpshooter perks and the reworks of demolition and beserker I love the game as much as I did the first one again.I'm still angry about the katana though, why doesn't it give general xp like the 9mm, they both got the same ""No class"" icon?"
,Recommended,232090,15620448,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Bloody Foxy [Liquidsky.tv],"DOSH! Kill ZEDs, earn dosh, spend it, swim in it, buy a house, get married with scrake.DOSH EVERYWHEREDOSH = CASH. When killing ZEDs (monters) you earn it (and some XP too) each round and spend at the end of round. Buy ammo, weapons, armor, grenades. Kill much = earn more.Don't waste ammoPlayed KF1 a lot? I have bad news for you. In KF2 ammo goes fasts. If you prefer being commando try single firing mode and improve your aiming skills - you will be suprised.Hard is not for zero levelsFirst start playing on servers with Normal difficulty to get used to game. After you can even start with 0LVL perk on hard servers.Having your own server is greatBuy or host your own server so you can kick betrayers, confirmed noobs or just make a room for your friends to play with. Or just make a password protected server, grab your friends and play.Be medic even if you have no licenseBuy a medic pistol by the end of game if you can afford it, your friends will be thankful for that (twice their thanks on BOSS round).Stay classyBuy Digital Deluxe verison and get cool looking hat. Looks great on mr. Foster's gasmask."
,Recommended,232090,15676924,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Veridicus,"Opens single player. Bashes in every zed mercilessly. Beats down on German doc. Teabags repeatedly. Decides to show my skill in multiplayer. Load up game, 6 people, gonna wreck house. All spawn in. Fall through the floor and die. Try again. Load in, looking good so far. Wave one comes. No enemies. We win wave one. Go to trader. Fall through floor trying to get there. I'm the only one to live. Wave two starts. No monsters. Ground eats me. Looks beautiful. 10/10 would skydive through ground again."
,Not Recommended,232090,21655376,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Skep,Im saying no because it gets old fast with the seriously lacking content
,Recommended,232090,27901683,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Venom is an ace,Pros:✓ Shot Zeds✓ Gore✓ Explosions✓ Great OST✓ BloodCons:✓ Git Gud
76561198016640612,Not Recommended,232090,26726214,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Solid Snake,"I love Killing Floor 2, I bought it for EA and was loving it day one.Then the drought of no content came.Months and months of nothing.Over time we finally got some content that filled in the gaps, but it wasn't enough to really make it all worth it.Killing Floors problems were only made worse when they decided to put a store and gun skins and items into the mix.People didn't like that one bit.You want to know what the worst part about all of this is?  Killing Floor 2 had a chance to be a WONDERFUL game.  It still does have a chance, but after seeing Tripwire call THIS a full game?  That chance is very low now.If you want a really good zombie game, go buy the full pack of Killing floor 1. Hell, buy it without the DLC if you want, has more content then this does.I really do hope one day I will turn this review into a positive one, I still have hope for killing floor 2.  But as it stands right now, for its current price... I just can't.Please get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together Tripwire, I want to love this game even more than Killing floor 1."
76561197975050982,Recommended,232090,25855014,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,RaWr Jack of All Trades,"CoD Nazi zombies has tried to make a horde based survival shooter this good, but comes nowhere near Killing FLoor.  Absolutely worth it, extremely addicting"
,Recommended,232090,30270610,Posted: 1 March,all,King of Kush George Bush,you kill the floor 2
,Recommended,232090,26482791,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Squiffy,"While content updates can be slow, that doesn't mean Killing Floor 2 isn't a great game. Solid gunplay paired with an actually interesting difficulty system where enemies don't simply become stronger, but more agile and smarter as you increase the difficulty level, gaining the ability to dodge and block as well as gaining various special attacks depending on the enemy type. Oh and the soundtrack is metal as ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,232090,27617364,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MadAussieUchihaANBU,It's Bloody Gorey Awesome!!
,Recommended,232090,28180526,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,KF2_ZERKER,nice
,Recommended,232090,18124786,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,.oL5*She Devil.,As good as the first one. 10/10
,Not Recommended,232090,23637330,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,HazzaThomp,"As you can see i haven't got many hours. This is because I played the first game. I really enjoyed it!!! It was the best zombie (well kinda zombies) killing game since COD:WOW Zombies. When i heard about the second game with the blood feature and all the nice graphics i was HYPED! Then i payed the bloody high price (well not really high but im poor xD), i was like ""Ok ok it'll be worth it"".IT WAS NOT!!!The guns all feel♥♥♥♥♥♥ I shoot the flying f##k out out of any zed and they seem perfectly fine! WHY U MAKE GUNS SO S##TE"
,Not Recommended,232090,23607432,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Allan Frost,"I enjoyed playing Killing floor 2 for a descent amount of time,well that is until I couldn't start it up anymore.It kept crashing on start up and lead me to the BugSplat Tab.I'm probably guessing it doesn't support my pc anymore.Either way great game,great graphics,and it ran smoothly.Just the unsupport is what screwed it up for others and me."
76561198029561555,Not Recommended,232090,23618293,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,"Hello, everynyan!","- Bought this game a long time ago.- Saw that it was free for the weekend.- ""Oh! Let's try it again now that it has more players!""- Downloads game.- Looks for server.- No servers found.- Clears all filters, everything to 'any'.- No servers found.- GG."
76561198002453590,Not Recommended,232090,23767277,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Photography Raptor,"I was a diehard fan of the first game, I excitedly bought this when it first came out and slowly lost the will to play over the next proceeding months, most of my complaints are summed up in other longer reviews, but basically TripWire has ignored its fans and will randomly add features nobody wanted, while gimping things people enjoy.... all the while doing a terrible job at both.I originally played Sharpshooter in the first game, it was by far my favorite perk, the fact that they released microtransactions and other game modes nobody asked for before even having the existing perks ported over.... is just pathetic, the true last straw was the whole VR announcement, finish your ♥♥♥♥ing game first Tripwire.I am uninstalling this game until they decide to listen to fans and stop ruining the game we all loved. Maybe I'll check it out once all the perks are released."
,Not Recommended,232090,23777330,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mr. Mane,"are you running on the Physx15? well dont worry! this game is for y- no.. no its not, there are as far as i know. no fixes, it comes on the Physx14.5 as far as i know, but theres no going back. if you have some of the newer games, that need that, good luck! most games fix this, but these guys.. ""NAW"" we'll leave it be, it'll resolve itself."
,Recommended,232090,15522615,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,CoryStarkiller,"This is Killing Floor, the way I always wanted it to be.Looking forward to the future updates, that will make the game even better."
,Recommended,232090,15553631,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Rets,Shoot naked men until an old Nazi scientist guy comes up to you and nipple twists you. 10/10
76561198150451779,Not Recommended,232090,23642352,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,KraKeN,"This game is VERY SOLID it has some of the best zombie killing action! It could even fall in line as a top tier game on steam if it would do one thing. ADD MORE CUSTOMIZATiON! There is virtually nothing that seperates you from anyone else, and the repetetive killing of ZED for no real reason other than to level your class once more is BORING! WEAPON CUSTOMIZATION IS A MUST! Please upvote this so us players who do enjoy this game can get MORE out of it.6.5/10 Really repetetive, Barely ANY customization, Leveling system is BORING, Graphics are nice, Gunplay is nice, Gameplay is solid."
,Not Recommended,232090,23655981,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Narcotic_Malkavian,"░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░▀▀░▄   KF2     ▄░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░You can take your gambling MT's, censorship, and bad business decisions and stick it right back up where you♥♥♥♥♥♥this out!"
,Not Recommended,232090,24176878,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Dio,The most regretful vidya purchase of my lifeAll of the entirely accidental charm of the first game is long goneStay far away unless you actively hate your money
,Not Recommended,232090,19250844,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,se05239,There are still perks missing. Few maps and repetitive gameplay caused by lack of weapons.I cannot in good faith recommend an early-access game that prioritized adding Microtransactions than completing the game.
,Not Recommended,232090,21362825,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Silent.REX,"Microtransaction on ""Early Access""My Internet Ping was soo high that i when i shot it took them 2 sec to react or get killedI dont recommend this game if you had a bad internet connectionother than that it was a pretty solid gamei recommend this game when it was fully released because at this time this game still lack of content5/10 (average)"
76561197992106445,Not Recommended,232090,23659797,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Third Eye,"Tripwire promised Early Access ""done right"", all we've gotten is just over half of the originally planned content in over a year in Early Access. It was a whole year and two months to get all the classes from Killing Floor 1. In the recent update Tripwire added zed resistances, which turned class dyanamics upsidedown. Certain models still launch ragdolls and ♥♥♥♥ with player physics. Huge imbalances between classes still exist, even though Tripwire said they would work on it. Lastly, Tripwire added microtransactions, and while they are currently cosmetic, they are not to be trusted after the sham that was RO2 and KF1's DLCs.This was the last chance for Tripwire to change my mind, and they have failed."
,Not Recommended,232090,23784909,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,AYoungSatedProdigy,"it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥blows majoe♥♥♥♥♥♥♥so unoptimized im not even going to bother reviewing anymore beucase if u cant optimize a game the rest isnt worth playing, am i right? i got a refund instantly which also was a bad signing meaning thier customer support was busy dishing out refunds not even asking why the game was bad lmaoo fk these college intern ♥♥♥♥ and♥♥♥♥♥u all"
76561198007378191,Not Recommended,232090,23667556,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Chaos,"As a longtime fan which chose to support your first Early Access endeavor, I have to say I am extremely disappointed in your lack of transparency with your fan base. I was excited to witness and provide feedback in the development of ""Killing Floor 2"" and was happy to contribute economically, given your previous track record of a solid title lineup and reasonable business practices. However, I was blindsided by your decision to include a complex microtransaction system 7 - 8 months into Early Access while failing to disclose your clearly long held intentions to incorporate this Zedconomy into the game.My problem is not that they are taking a long time to release content, ♥♥♥♥ happens. You may lose staff (as is the case for TWI) and games are not easy to create, balance, and optimize. I get that. I am not okay with micro transactions in general, but if you want to add them to your game so long as they're not being shoved down players' throats and do not affect game play, I guess I can deal with that. My problem is that everything TWI promised for this game and its fans, the opposite was done."
,Recommended,232090,15705084,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,ENR32,"""And so, Sgt. Briar and agent Wilkes, descended from the heavens, and slaughtered clots""-Book of Tripwire 24 : 17"
76561198060143353,Recommended,232090,15819751,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,finnwaffle96,"First off, this game is f***ing amazing.Alright real talk time.Killing Floor 2 (even though it is only in Early Access) takes everything good about KF1 and makes it oh so much better. Tripwire has advanced a lot, and with a new engine comes new gore, guns, and intense action.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Pros:+Guns feel amazing, and each one is unique+Each Zed is unique and easily distinguishable+Perks (after level 5) become unique and each one is awesome (I believe 10 are planned in total, right now there are 4)+Hans - He's the only boss right now, but he is an absolute joy to fight+GORE!!! Perma-blood looks gross and beautiful, slaughtering zeds looks and sounds satisfying+The animations are amazing, both for guns and zeds+Zed Time is back - It de-saturates the world of all color except red, making it a bloody mess <3Cons:-Occasional frame loss when there's a lot of stuff on the screen-Matchmaking occasionally puts you in an empty lobby-Currently only 3 mapsOverall:9/10This game is gory, intense, and difficult. Enemies don't just become bullet sponges anymore, they learn new moves and wreck your butt as the difficulty climbs. Guns look and sound gorgeous, and the environments looks pretty spiffy as well. As of now, there are only 3 maps and 4 perks, but that will change very soon. If you're a fan of Killing Floor, you will want to pick this game up. Never heard of it? Pick this game up. Also medic OP."
,Not Recommended,232090,19247854,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Korneliy,:bandit:
76561198044183700,Not Recommended,232090,20430137,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Pinkhead,"This game was total frustration from the beginning. First of all I bought demo-version with almost no content (little perks and weapons) and few maps. Then I waited half a year to have at least something interesting to play for. As a dedicated Linux-server owner I was surprised with absense of Linux server version of this game. So I had to set up a virtual Windows machine entirely dedicated to hosting Killing Floor 2. When I got newest version 1020 I installed a couple of handy mutators similiar to those I used in Killing Floor 1. Everything seemed to go fine until two days ago when server updated to a 1021 version because of clients automatic update and all *stuff* broke up. So now I have entirely vanilla server and all accumulated server-side statistics went to hell, mutators are not working, I have to wait for them to get fixed. And for what? To have them breaking up againg in a week or two with next micro update which is going to *break* my *stuff* up again? Why the hell did I pay for a couple of copies? To have a server in constant need of supporting, to have this constant pain in the *back*? And what did I get for supporting developers? Basically nothing. If you cannot get the game done in time why bother releasing half-*made* *thing*? Developers are so eager to get as less as possible money investment and get as much profit as possible. I am never buying a single early-access game to the rest of my life. Never I would recommend anyone to ever get lured by hype into wasting your money and time. Buy decent and finished games, not these overpriced demo-versions. If developers forgot how to make games or became too greedy and lazy, it's time for them to go."
,Not Recommended,232090,19866536,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Draktok,"This game is already set up to DLC spam and it's not even out of early access, come on LOL"
,Not Recommended,232090,23721617,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Gene Pool Lifeguard,The biggest thing I'm mad about is that Fleshpounds auto-rage again.♥♥♥♥ you.
,Not Recommended,232090,27918263,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,!FlamerMain,"Gonna start by saying i WANTED this game to be good.But its just one of those games where you might come to ask yourself: where is the actuall game?I mean graphicly it looks nice and all.... but where is the gameplay?I feel like this is more of a grinding game than a multiplayer-; shooter- or zombie game.Played two hours, shot some zombies, bought some guns.Done, zero depth to the game except for maybepulling zombies in a trail for twenty or thirty minutes.Nothing more to the game than grinding,in other words shoot some more zombies, buy some more guns.....And yes i am aware of the pvp mode. Everyone else is too.And noone likes playing it.Made me ACTUALLY think about getting the new CoD for its zombie mode which people seem to be enjoying.......Hoping for a refund."
76561198061622289,Recommended,232090,28584039,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Angry Pug,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Not Recommended,232090,23680639,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,jertan,"microtransactions, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ resistance update, adding pvp before even finishing the main game. ""early access done right!"""
,Not Recommended,232090,23680863,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Gabe!!,where's bedlameven on release it's still underwhelming
,Not Recommended,232090,21515920,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,moog,killing bore 2 haha
76561198068548500,Not Recommended,232090,19246354,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,PRINCE,"Killing Floor 1 was the better game, now with these micro transactions which they're clearly copying csgo, the game is gone to crap.  Back to csgo and never playing this again"
,Not Recommended,232090,19252099,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Raptorman,Killing floor 2 : Global Offensivegood job twi you surely showed us what you REALLY care about.
,Not Recommended,232090,22309563,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Elyken,I can not recomend any game with a cash shop while in early access... that being said it is fun.
76561198009316026,Recommended,232090,20411437,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Justin,"Hey, it's a good game for shooting things. Like Killing Floor 1, it's entirely co-op, so you don't have to worry about being yelled at too much, especially on Normal difficulty. Kill all the enemies in a wave, go to a shop, buy armour, grenades, and guns, and then start it all over again.Yes, there are microtransactions. They only contain weapon skins. I don't really care about microtransactions, so I paid enough for two keys and opened two crates. I wasn't satisfied with the results, so I sold them on the market and don't intend to buy any more.The biggest issue to me personally is the current lack of varied content. In Tripwire's defence, it does take a LOT of time and effort to create the content and get everything just right - kind of like Valve, they don't seem to launch anything half-baked: either it's in and it's fully animated and working, or it isn't launched at all. There are no placeholder animations, missing textures, screwed up sound effects, or map clipping issues that often plague other alpha/beta/early access launches. There is ONE camera issue as of this review that happens only during the boss intro phase, lasts for less than 10 seconds, and corrects itself once the intro is over.$33 is a pretty high price point for me, but I've been let down harder by $60 AAA titles. Ubisoft, I'm looking at you. So, for what it is, I'd go for it. Just don't contribute to microtransactions and you'll have a fun and relatively cheap romp through waves of enemies."
76561197995118029,Not Recommended,232090,20458436,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Trouble Cockwell,LITERALLY NO ONE WAS ASKING FOR CRATES AND KEYS YOU AWFUL ♥♥♥♥S
,Not Recommended,232090,19517541,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Sethioz.xyz,"EDIT: I had to edit this review and change it to NEGATIVE (Edit #2 made at 03-sep-2017).Here are the reasons why:1. Game takes like 10 minutes to start up on a high end gaming PC (i'm computer expert with over 18 years of experience and issues is not with my PC). I have i7-6770k @ 4.2ghz, DDR4 RAM @ 3400mhz (16gb) and GTX 1080 Gaming-X (high end clocked) and a 4k monitor. ALL other games run fine and KF2 used to run fine, after one of their idiotic updates that made the start up time stupidly SLOW. It literally takes like 10 minutes to start. I'm a youtuber and i play all the latest games, ALL other games start within 1 min (most 10 seconds), so why is KF2 taking SOOO LOOONG? (Yes my HDD is defragged, as i said i'm expert and i know what i'm doing).2. Game controls and graphic settings keep resetting randomly. I changed my controls to what i want them to be and also change graphics, after some time they revert back to default♥♥♥♥♥♥3. My commando perk got stuck and i can no longer level up. i'm stuck at level 0. I can level up, but after the match ends, i'm on level 0 again. I posted several times on official Tripwire forums, after TWO YEARS they still have not fixed it.I've just had it .. this game is not worth it, it's completely broken and Tripwire doesn't give a F about it. They have abondonded the game and no longer support their customers. DO NOT get fooled by those reviews by famous youtubers, they are just being paid off or are just dumb and do not understand the issues, they probably play in 1080p on default settings and never bother to play more than 1 hour and give good review. Take it from someone who has 900h of KF 1 on record, i used to play it like crazy, i also have lot of hours in KF2, it used to be good when it was in early access, but not it stinks.I put good review at first, but I had to change it as after 2 years of writing on their forum they haven't fixed any of those bugs and those bugs make the game unplayable to me."
76561198065412101,Not Recommended,232090,19294543,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Eternal Tilt,payday 2 with zombies
,Not Recommended,232090,23679003,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,WQOOF,developers took my money and went on a cruise with it. over a year and a half later they came out with an update they said would take a few months and the update sucks. bad developers -12/10 would not recommend giving them ur money!
76561198017127218,Not Recommended,232090,23605567,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Rick,It takes me roughly 8 Minutes to launch the game and its honestly not even worth the wait. Zed Resistance was the final nail in the coffin.
,Not Recommended,232090,23960704,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,the dong appreciator,"Incredibly, inexcusably slow and lazy development, and the developers don't seem to understand game design or balance. Is it kinda fun sometimes? Sure, but it shouldn't take 16 months to add a few more guns and maps."
76561198071607657,Recommended,232090,15484007,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,YOUR MOTHER,After more than 750 hours on the first Killing Floor I know I will not stop play Killing Floor 2.
,Recommended,232090,26724185,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,BitmapJOE,once you get the hang of the game it can be really fun and even more fun with friends
76561198044114145,Not Recommended,232090,23795690,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ezBAKEluvin,"Loved kf1, wanted to give support. Horrible mistake. Tripwire has not delivered on any of their promises. Do not buy into this scam. If you want specifics, scroll down and read the numerous, articulate reviews left by other people."
,Not Recommended,232090,23800532,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Integrals,Don't support developers who don't care about their backers or finishing the games as promised.Really Tripwire? REALLY? You announced a VR version of this game before this one is even close to being done?Don't bother with this game.
,Not Recommended,232090,19260449,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,West,"Ugh come on I like this game, but I have to protest against Microtransactions AGAIN.Yeah it's going the Payday 2 route, and adding microtransactions. Can't say I recommend it especially in it's more than unfinished state. Killing Floor 1 (While having needless DLC) is still a better game in my opinion :/.Buy it if you'd like, to be honest I like the game. I just want to protest against Microtransactions."
76561198128227883,Not Recommended,232090,24071234,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Salty,"KF2 early access. Tripwire suck a fat one-from all KF fans. Tripwire continues to advertise and hype up ""free content packs"" FOR A ♥♥♥♥ING EARLY ACCESS GAME WHICH SOME PAID $30 FOR. ♥♥♥♥in ridiculous and insulting. Tripwire hyped up for months the ""sharpshooter class"" (which was in kf1 but absent from kf2) for months and even advertised an E3 release for ♥♥♥♥ing sharpshooter AGAIN IN AN EARLY ACCESS GAME????. This is a flat out joke, if this company believes we should be grateful and hyped for a ♥♥♥♥in addition of a class that shouldve been in the game since day 1 of early access. Pathetic. Game has so much potential but is getting killed with lack of content and terrible greedy developer choices."
76561198074481696,Not Recommended,232090,19257684,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Xmorphs,"Cant recommend a game that's already introducing microtransactions into an early access game before it's released, the greed here is just disgusting."
,Not Recommended,232090,19260585,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Paddington Bear,"As a person that loves this game, I cannot recommend it to anyone until the random element is removed from the cosmetic microtransactions."
,Recommended,232090,26718496,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,interFaZer,"If there was a ""so-so"" button between Yes and No, I'd use it.Devs have spent thousands of hours developing this game, and I've spent hundreds of hours playing it, so it wouldn't be fair to mark this as a negative review. Game is good and requires players, but their decisions throughout development make me not want to recommend this game... because for each positive thing, there's one or two negative ones.CORE GAMEGunplay is great, graphics are neat and optimization is godly, but it lacks all the personality that made KF1 great. The atmosphere is gone: it doesn't feel spooky or dangerous, the soundtrack is metal, yes, but it's too lighthearted in comparison to the first one. Characters are uninteresting and all the brit humor/insults are now replaced with the most generic and PG-13 rated voice lines ever. Not to mention they replaced the amazing communication system with a god-awful wheel, 100% designed and dumbed down with consoles in mind. In a nutshell, it looks like Tripwire was too scared to try something new so they played it safe... the problem is that they played it so safe that Killing Floor 2 is completely unremarkable, as it feels bland and generic.MECHANICSIn my opinion, this is where they poured all their efforts, as almost everything is better than it was on the first game. Teaming up with friends is seamlessly easy, you can sprint (backwards too) and melee zeds with your weapons - there's a new blood and gore system that puts KF1's to shame - there's destructible environment (including light sources), maps are bigger and there are more spots, doors stay broken if zeds break through (unless there's a support specialist to fix them), levelling is a lot less grindy and we have more classes. BUT there's a problem...CLASSESThey've messed around with class balancing so much that it feels like they no longer know what they're doing. The berzerker has gone through THREE, yes, three overhauls, (which means they took the core class mechanics/perks and redid them from scratch) and the firebug's power is like a rollercoaster... at one point it was the strongest class in the game, now it's been nerfed to the point of uselessness. They splitted the original sharpshooter into two classes (sharpshooter for marksmanship weapons and gunslinger for pistols) and they added a SWAT class for SMGs - the rest is pretty much the same. Oh I almost forgot it: there was going to be a martial artist class, but either Tripwire ran out of ideas or implementing what would've been the SICKEST CLASS EVER would take too long, so they just said ""f*ck it"" and released the survivalist instead (aka the jack of all trades), the most boring class ever - seriously, they could remove it tomorrow and nothing of value would be lost. They REALLY dropped the ball here. God what a terrible and useless class it is.THE STUFF NOBODY ASKED FORThe early access period has been painfully slow (updates every ~3 months) and full of screw-ups. Here's a list:The first two major updates were released within 8 months, and Tripwire constantly teased the community with the upcoming content, and when the day came, they let gaming blogs try the new updates BEFORE their paying customers. Expectation: ""everybody and their mother wants to play KF2 now, our popularity has skyrocketed!"". Reality: ""turns out our customers don't like being teased for months and then put in second place just so the press can play first, they want our heads on a spike""They took ALL the modding potential for the game and flushed it down the drain in the name of greed. Or in other words: they added microtransactions while the game still was on early access. Think about that for a moment: a higher up at Tripwire heard this and gave the green light to it! The result? When you go to the workshop, it's 90% ""would you like to see this item in-game?"", 5% actual, downloadable mods, and 5% mediocre mods. I hope it was worth it, Tripwire. You took that one aspect that could keep your game alive for years and threw it to the trash for a quick buck. Literally, because almost nobody wants to pay for anything. I have a TON of items in the market and they've been there for weeks, if not months (they cost 0.03 cents btw).They added a ""resistance"" system that made zeds more resistant/vulnerable to certain types of damage. In theory it sounded good - in practice it was a complete disaster hated by everyone. It was so f*cking bad they removed it entirely. Be thankful you won't have to see any of thisPeople complained that the characters were boring and asked for a crossover - Tripwire delivered Tom Banner and the Zweihander IF you owned Chivalry. The sword in question was so OP it effectively broke the game (just go berzerker for ez win), this was fixed by nerfing it - people resorted to using the pulverizer so they nerfed that too... after months of testing it seems like Tripwire found the secret of balancing! See what's popular and nerf itJust when everything was fine and dandy, people awaiting the next class and such, Tripwire goes ahead again with its genius and releases a versus (PvP) mode! It was 100% broken, and people loved it! Zeds always won - so TWI buffed the humans and nerfed the zeds - now the humans always won - so they buffed the zeds again... at this point everybody was already bored and VS servers were empty. Pretty much 0% of the playerbase bought this game with PvP in mind, so no wonder it wasn't successful... the message I'm trying to convey is that they invested a lot of time into developing something that nobody asked for. Literally the only thing people wanted were new perks to distinguish KF2 from KF1FINAL THOUGHTSKill stuff, go to the trader, buy better guns, rinse and repeat until you get to the boss. The premise is very simple and the soundtrack is decent. Killing Floor 2 is the type of game you play for a couple of matches and then you get bored and move onto something with more substance. If this is appealing to you, go ahead and buy it. Tripwire screwed things up many times, but I think that after many months of development they learned the lesson: stop trying to impose what you think it's best for your customers and just LISTEN to what they ask.They do listen, and the result is the outcome of community feedback. They're also known for being long-time supporters of their games, so KF2 leaving early access doesn't mean they're done with it. There will be more characters, zeds, seasonal events, and god knows what else!"
,Not Recommended,232090,19247322,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Petch,"The game isn't finished and they added micotransactions. The game was supposed to have been fully released last month.""Early Access done right"""
,Not Recommended,232090,19252234,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Wesley,"We'll see where it ends up, but right now I'm not really okay with some of the things they're doing"
,Not Recommended,232090,19469309,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Augiebah,"This game honestly doesn't work or feel as great as the first game. (plus this isn't finished, but still doesn't feel as great)As far as looks go, it's a leap in development, but i really don't like the fact that everything is gloss filtered and bloomed to the ♥♥♥♥ing moon. (UE for ya')Music is good for killing mutants with.They added these microtransactions for crates. (AKA keys n'♥♥♥♥♥♥for more useless♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,232090,19472501,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,✠Dovar✠,- Horrific pop-in of details and objects especially day-time maps- Repetetive- Cases and Keys like in CSGO and way too much of ituntil they change the Cases this review will stay negative
76561198058257532,Not Recommended,232090,19253159,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Killer_Queen_Requiem,"You know the developers are lazy as ♥♥♥♥ when they release micro transaction content in an early access game.  Like seriously, I had more fun playing Payday 2 then this, not because the game itself because the gameplay is good, but because the developers don't even bother to create more maps and characters, instead they keep making this Nickle and dime ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. My suggestion? Buy it and play for 2 hours or less and request a refund, as a ""♥♥♥♥ you"" signal to the lazy as ♥♥♥♥ developers."
,Not Recommended,232090,19254697,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Strabo,"Killing Floor 2 started out with a lot of promise.  Good graphics.  A polished version of the original's game play.  Lots of slow-motion gore!  Unfortunately, after seven months in Early Access with VERY LITTLE actually updated content, it looks like this game might be stuck in dev hell.  On top of that, they appear to be adding micro-transactions when they haven't even finished the game and delivered on their initial promises.  Apparently they have enough dev resources to add micro-transactions and a storefront, but not enough to finish the promised classes, or weapons, or perk trees.  Content that they promised would be coming back in April when the game entered Early Access.  I cannot, in good conscience, recommend the game if Tripwire is going to take this kind of action."
76561198007858543,Not Recommended,232090,19469178,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Totally Still Ollie,Can't recommend it with microtransactions and DLC coming. Wait for a while to see if the full game is worth the money and play KF 1 in the meantime
,Not Recommended,232090,19257246,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Donkelz,"Tripwire you really messed up this time, it is completely disrespectful to buyers and supporters of your game to add any kind of paid content to a game that is not completed.This game is in early access, buyers purchased it to support the development and watch the game grow. Not to pay additional money for a game that is not even completed, especially for the normal full price of a multiplayer only game.I took a break for awhile because I did not want to grow bored of the base game before all the features were added, and had good fun with what was there. Then you have the nerve to screw your playerbase over by asking for ADDITIONAL money for the content that would be expected with an early access game.You FINISH THE GAME - THEN - Add paid content. That would be fine in my book, and almost everyone would be ok with that.Hopefully my refund will go through, cause now I no longer plan to play this game if this is your business model. I will also be careful to never buy another game from your company again if this is how you treat your customers who would support an unfinished game."
76561197974460922,Not Recommended,232090,19276885,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Liquid,MICROTRANSACTIONS
,Not Recommended,232090,27240534,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FisHie,It doesn't have the feel of the first Killing Floor anymore. Refunded this game.
,Recommended,232090,31936648,Posted: 24 May,all,AntediluvianArk,"Tripwire Interactive has become a beloved developer/publisher to me over the years. From my perspective, they have a proven record of accomplishment of releasing games that fill an underrepresented niche and do so with passion and expertise. Then they provide best-in-class support to those games over years, actively support modding, and release tons of free content and updates. Killing Floor 2 development trudged along unflinchingly through the early years when salty Steam keyboard warriors flooded the store page with thumbs down reviews and tears. I am glad they persevered because, man, what a game they have delivered. I have something like 42 hours in KF2 at the time of writing this review and there is so much to the game that I have barely scratched...I can see putting hundreds of hours into this game before even a hint of being bored.Tripwire Interactive games deliver some of the best gunplay (animations, feedback, audio design, models, creativity) and multiplayer (especially co-op) available on the PC. There is something special about their games. Rising Storm 1 was one of the few multiplayer shooters where I intentionally cranked the soundtrack up to the point of almost drowning out all other game sounds because it was that good and that evocative of the setting and theme (it gives me chills to this day). The gunplay in Killing Floor 2 is almost addictive to me it is so well executed and always compels me to play one more match when I should be going to bed.Sorry for the rambling review but I unequivocally recommend Killing Floor 2. When I see the Tripwire Interactive name on a product, I know I can pre-order without hesitation or fear. They have earned their pedigree and Killing Floor 2 is no exception. I enjoyed it from the very first Early Access days straight through final release and post-support.If you love strong compelling gunplay, a wide variety of playstyles, and are looking for an elegant co-op game Killing Floor 2 fits the bill."
,Recommended,232090,26104729,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Crawdail,great game to play with family
,Not Recommended,232090,23789732,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Jdeb9,"If this game was a cake, it'd be a nice cake but pure sh*t as icing.At it's core, it is good, but the developers are just spreading it thick and chunky all over it."
76561198078270970,Not Recommended,232090,23786114,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Zamuel,It been 2 years.... and game still not finish.... all class got only 4 weapon each... and not thing more... the developer only focus on makeing skin only..... because the main team that should finish the game is no more....  it can be said that they will took half years to finish 1 gun and all the update sofar is changing the zed stats to make people think that they working
76561198038953514,Recommended,232090,15686172,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Luwckas,"It's really awesome,It's WAY more challenging then the first one and a lot more difficult. It's different, but better ;3I highly recommend this if you love the first Killing Floor.The only thing is that there're only 3 maps yet and other perks and such are missing.I'm just waiting now for the following updates ;3Happy Killing,Wolfy Lucas"
76561198071015123,Not Recommended,232090,19250350,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,bitchplz,"Microtransaction?nope nope nope.. After 161 hours, no update and they dropped this bombshell. Disppointing  TWI"
,Not Recommended,232090,19251129,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,[b00ns],WE PAYDAY 2 NOW!
,Not Recommended,232090,19251452,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Fanatick,microtransactions in a Early access game? why?!?! make the core content first and never add that kinda stuff in a pay to play game!! ffuuuuu..And it's pretty sweet that i can write this review after i played it in a free weekend.. happy i didnt buy this game after they did this
,Not Recommended,232090,19248483,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Rarefall,"I bought Killing Floor 2 the day it became publicly available, I suppose it's my fault really. I mean the original Killing Floor  was great, the maps were fun, it was updated with seasonal events, weapons were for the most part balanced and the game itself was just fun to kill time. So when they announced Killing Floor 2 I was excited and even on release it was fun for the first few months.Then updates were slow, like really slow. As of writing this review there's been one major patch and two small mini patches since release (10ish months ago). They ran competitions for people to make maps and weapons yet we're yet to see any of them actually implemented in the game. To top it all - incoming micro-transactions.Yup, an unfinished, early access game that's been out for just under a year is about to get micro-transactions. They promise it'll all be cosmetic and not stat base but at this point I just don't trust them. Buy at your own risk."
,Not Recommended,232090,23769354,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Eyuji,"Wouldn't recommend even on sale,updates takes forever and they are mostly a miss.wait for the full release instead of ""early access done right"""
,Not Recommended,232090,23560161,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,TwinkieAzn,♥♥♥♥ this tumblr ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t get the ♥♥♥♥ out of your hipster skinny jeans and maybe you'll remember what it's like to have a pair
,Not Recommended,232090,23698369,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Graycor Satoru,Occulus Exclusive.
76561198070635737,Recommended,232090,24241100,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Retro050,"This game has recently been getting an immense amount of harsh reviews that I do not believe to be well deserved. Let me tell you what's up with this game.-=Things they did wrong=--Adding microtransactions during EA was a questionnable move, slowing developement to earn more money-Classes lack a bit of depth (TWI recently told us all perks would be revisited before final release)-Spending developement time on a PVP mode that no one ever cared about nor asked for-Slow developement overallPeople are also complaining, in their reviews, about wierd balance decisions from the devs. These have already been adressed and they were meant to be tests to make the final product better. Isn't that what EA is all about?? All of those critics are unjustified.-=Things they did right=--Amazing graphics-Best gunfeel I have ever seen in any video game-Classes are very unique and diverse even though they feel slightly unfinished-Strong replayability-Hectic moments that will leave you wanting more-Even with all the crap they have been getting from the community, devs keep on pushing updates-=Consclusion=-Is this game worth buying? Absolutely if you adore fast paced FPS. Otherwise you might want to wait for a sale, since this game ain't cheap.This is one of the only game in my library that I keep coming back to and is well worth your attention, contrary to what all of the negative reviews claim."
,Not Recommended,232090,19261855,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Spectrumpigg,"Game had a lot of promise of something unique. Killing wave after wave of the undead horde in a tactical surival game.Problems arose once the game was released and this took a while to get to this point.-Not all classes were available-Early Access-Long waits in between updates and class releases-MicrotransactionsLet's talk about that last point. Microtransactions. It's already a $30 game. The population barely exceeds 1400 people on average (see below for stats). On top of that, the microtransactions are a randomized skins plus actual weapons. A lottery system.You read it correctly. Randomized skins plus actual weapons. The game has not had it's full release and TWI will push this... This garbage. I don't care that it's pure cosmetic. It boils down to the fact that IT HAS NOT COME OUT OF EARLY ACCESS.Not recommended for what TWI has done to what little community it has.These are the current up to date stats on the population for Killing Floor 2."
,Recommended,232090,15986824,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Oats,AA-12.*EDIT* Flamethrower.
,Not Recommended,232090,19242832,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,16 Dollar,-five maps-six perks-zeds still teleport-terrible balance-RNG Crates straight outta tf2if this was some $5 game or some F2P♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'd be somewhat okay with that. But thousands of people spent >$20 on this game and have received a whooping TWO content updates in 8 months.
76561198010663308,Not Recommended,232090,19743953,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Snake Inthe boX,Who the ♥♥♥♥ wants a finished game?? What everyone really needs is micro ♥♥♥♥ing transactions...
,Not Recommended,232090,19753406,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,The Penguin Master,"This game was listed as an ""Early Access Game"", and had a banner saying it was being released on April 21, 2015. I bought the game thinking it was in early access and was going to be fully released at that time. I wish I could get a refund due to the confusing labeling.It's fun if you have people to play it with and like these types of games, but it isn't finished and there isn't enough content to justify $30."
76561198044016870,Not Recommended,232090,19253272,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Yatta!,CS:go style microtransactions for a game that isnt even finished?♥♥♥♥ you Tripwire.
,Not Recommended,232090,19485176,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Indie Memes.,"""There shouldn't be any game-breaking bugs."" -Tripwire1. Can't stay in a server while the map switches without getting stalled on loading screens indefinately.2. Crash-to-Desktop in every other lobby.""You should be able to use all the content in Early Access fully.” -Tripwire1. The Zweihander is locked behind purchasing Chivalry2. Three characters are locked behind other game purchases.3. Crate&Key microtransaction store.Smart buy, get it in 2017 for the full release.[Edit way after the fact]:I had hope for this game as an avid fan of KF1. I trusted Tripware to do right by their own IP. They had me hooked by saying they would do early-access right without getting into that purgatory that other early-access games reach. They failed me and a lot of other fans who trusted them to keep to their word, as i quoted above. They have been slow on updates and seem to be doing just what they said they wouldn't do in all their alpha teasers and dev diaries. It's a joke for a company that released a stellar co-op survival game to follow it up with micro transactions and the odd biyearly content update. I honeslty thought I was exaggerating when I said 2017 for full release, but it looks like it may be 2017 or beyond before this game is fully released. When parody or satire begin to mirror relality, something is seriously wrong. Though, maybe in another year I could change my stance, but for now I still say this isn't worth the full asking price."
,Not Recommended,232090,19242654,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,MrSpaceKook,"Game is threadbare in the content department and they just announced micro transactions.  Unless Tripwire can get their♥♥♥♥♥♥straight I'd put off buying Killing Floor 2.  One content update in eight months that only added two perks and two maps. And to think they claimed this would be ""Early Access done right"". Quite the claim that turned out to be."
,Not Recommended,232090,19286620,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Depsyy,Adding microtransactions into the game that is early access...Is it me or do you want your playerbase to leave?
,Not Recommended,232090,20364842,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,DukeoftheAges,"To put it simply, this game is far worse than the first in all the important areas.Killing floor one has a perk system that actually requires you to play the perks  a certain way instead of running around like a wild man. Killing floor one has better maps designed so you have different people who have different spots that they love to think of ways to defend. It has a more solid feel to the actual gameplay since it's based on old school shooter style. And it actually requires teamwork in the higher difficulties. It doesn't go easy on you, one slip up and your entire team goes from the top to the bottom. It's intense but fun! The soundtrack is far better, tripwire for some dumb reason decided to include ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""core"" music instead of the death metal/groove metal of the first game. The guns are the same airsoft sounding and feeling guns as other modern shooters. In the first game it actually felt like you were shooting a beast weapon, the shotguns actually felt like you were cutting a zed in half. The choice of characters were better in the first even (Chickenator and steampunk Mrs. Foster for the win). You had to work for the dosh, in this one you can afford high stuff at low levels in the 2nd wave but most weapons feel the same anyways, so no point in mixing it up. The zerk and commando are pointless now. Finally while this game technically has better graphics which is a given since it's newer, the art style it self is just bad. The first game had a unique look to it and this one went for the disgusting ""brown , grey and realistic"" look. That doesn't belong in games. I could go on longer but this is enough. It's just another bad sequel. Like a band with their sophmore release that shows they forgot where the beauty of the first came from.Buy the first game, it has good player base still and they are wonderful!Also don't support the microtransactions, complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t especially when the game isn't even out of early access.Bulls-Eye Update: The game is still♥♥♥♥♥♥and inferior to the first."
76561198016221835,Recommended,232090,17131538,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Huek Super Shpak,UPDATE!!!!111111
,Not Recommended,232090,30770250,Posted: 27 March,all,Spaz,"Where is the neutral option steam? Its not awful but its just a step backwards from the original. All the perks are added now but the new perks are mostly just parts of old perks they split off into its own weapon type. Normal difficulty changed to beginner, levels now are split into 5s you have a ""choice"" of perk at each 5 levels but one is always better than the other. Maps are called after old maps like offices and bioticslab but are completely different maps, there are some ok fan made versions. I dunno this game looks the part but it just doesnt feel like killing floor, maybe im just nostalgia blind I always wanted a HD remaster of kf, but I wanted the same game just prettier, not a complete redesign. also they changed the tradertl;dr just play kf1"
76561198046082012,Recommended,232090,32180449,Posted: 4 June,all,Perfect Soldier,If you were a fan of the original then you will be happy to know KF2 builds and improves on much that the original KF had. Sure as im wrighting this there are not to many new guns but there are enough to keep your occupied with each class. also you should be having fun killing zeds with buddies and should not be super worried about how you do so. a must play of a game.
,Not Recommended,232090,19266651,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Trapstar,688888868666686888888868666866866666686666868666666686686668666666866668686666666868666688886668666686866666668866666866666686666868666666686866668666666866668686666666866866686666668888886888888868666866666666666666666666666666666668666668688888686668666666666668666866866686866686666666666668686668666868666866666666666668666686668686668666666666666686666866686866686666666666666866668888868888866666666666666666666666666666666666666Step 1: Highlight all numbers.Step 2: Click ctrl F.Step 3: Click 8 once.Step 4: You'll see what it says.
,Recommended,232090,26892218,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GOopyl,"Despite some weaknesses, it's hard to pretend this game isn't enjoyable.It's a proud successor of the first one and there's still a lot of potential for it.It's less predictible and more opened than the first was. The leveling isn't so hard and actually teatches you how the play each skills of the skill tree (even if they are not always all useful).Each perk as great uses even if some are more a priority (like medic, supp or demo for example), except the last perk (Survivalist) that do need some rework to be as intressting as the others.As it is for now, it's a great time to spend with friend if you have a free night or afternoon.Just hoping that upcoming content like the mission mod will bring a little more excitement to the game that, after a while can feel a bit easy even in HoE mode.Also to be honest i find the versus mode a bit useless and forgettable, that's not really the main idea of the game. But well everyone as his taste for that part !"
,Not Recommended,232090,19296686,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Kit,"It's really just KF1 with a better engine and more gore/blood. Nothing special at all.With them announcing microtransactions before they finish the game, it's something you should avoid."
,Not Recommended,232090,19261885,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,SPaxAGe,"Recently micro-transactions are to be added to the game. Purely cosmetic but since you can not use in-game money to achieve something you've already bought, this product isn't deemed worth sponsoring. However, if you can achieve possession of these cosmetics in-game without an unnecessary grind then that should be acceptable for those that love to play the game and those that love to waste money that they shouldn't have plenty of.But, if your friend/s has already bought it then, yes, I do recommend this fun co-op game.(I love Killing Floor but Vive la Revolution! We can live without shady business practices in our communistic world lol)"
,Not Recommended,232090,20542065,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,ZinthOnProzac,"""but our goal is to have KF2 out before the end of 2015"" The ♥♥♥♥ man..."
76561198060897854,Not Recommended,232090,23542362,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Da G Man,"Microtransactions, banning forum comments if they aren't kissing Tripwires♥♥♥♥♥ Making a PS4 version and PvP gamemode when the actual game hasent even been FINISHED YET which it was supposed to be by the end of last year and not to mention 30 dollars for an early access game.♥♥♥♥ Tripwire, dont buy their titles. Read the other reviews for more in-depth explanations for the flood of negative reviews recently.Fun game, decent community but its repetitive, they added maps since release most of which  were just taken from mods."
,Recommended,232090,16449765,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,The White Stallion,"Despite being early access the game is fairly polished and more bug free and stable than many final releases these days. It's lacking a little in content, but more and more content is being added and soon enough workshop modding will open up when it reaches final. It's a followup on the classic KF and does to very well."
,Recommended,232090,25000139,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Vi-Pe,"Killing Floor 2 ReviewPositiveZeds (monsters)WeaponsPerks (classes)Perk skill treesGraphicsMusicAnimationsOverall gameplayZed-time (slow motion)Mods and custom mapsCharacters and character customizationVersus (yes you read right)NegativeRNG microtransactionsKitingMissing some classic KF1 stuff (humor, music, look, atmosphere)Small balance issuesSmall details (mostly cosmetic)Minor performance issues here and thereConclusionKF2 is a great game and sequel. It has some flaws, but they are definitely fixable. At this point I really recommend it."
,Not Recommended,232090,19242678,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Winter,They added microtransactions. Nuff said.
,Not Recommended,232090,19258785,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,LoneWolf,First Pay 2 Day and now Killing floor. Come on stop with the micro transaction ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t gaming industry
,Not Recommended,232090,20296130,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Tomato,"Loved the first game. This game is pretty decent... but it lacks lots of content (obviously early release right?) Oh wait, you are now charging for the additional content after your players already invested into early access? Shame. Release the damn game in full for what we paid for... then start with the DLC. What is this, EA?"
,Recommended,232090,19602416,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Leski,"In short, it is a great shooting game without a storyline. There are still quite a lot of things to work on.The good:The shooting mechanism is just fantastic. The detailed gun animations, the solid sound effects, the feel of popping zeds' heads are all awesome.Maps are great.Lots of guns.Levelling up makes great sense of progressTeam play is engaging.Graphics are pretty. All the animated gore...Quite balanced. Difficult enough to give you adrenaline rush. Reasonable to keep you from repeated frustrating defeats.The bad:Can get bored once in a while. Basically shooting the same bunches of zeds all the time. You probably just wanna play this 1-2 hrs per night after like 40hrs of gameplay.A pain in the ar se sometimes when people just disperse and you can't find your team mates as there is no map or indicators for that.Some graphical glitches to iron out (minor).MAJOR PROBLEM: extremely unfriendly server setup. Need very complicated procedures for setting up you own dedicated server. Why can't they come up with something like L4D2: just choose local server and done?!Sense of team work is not very strong. Just each of us shooting (sometimes trying to take more kills to earn dosh faster) our own zeds.Melee for classes other than berserkers is just USELESS. Hands up for those who would switch to you tiny knives when you are faced with hordes or bosses. Nobody. I think they should make weapon bash into melee attacks instead...I don't mind the microtransactions involving skins. They are optional anyways. But PLEASE. The crates and stuff NEVER dropped once for me. Even if I wanna pay. I can't get it. WTH.Would the dev consider adding footsteps sound effects? Can't hurt if we can hear our enemies from behind right?"
,Recommended,232090,15566938,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Moon,"Alright so I know a lot of people get freaked out when buying an early access game so I put my review in a video format. Hopefully this helps your decision on weather or not to purchase the game! If you enjoyed the video, check out my YouTube channel!https://youtu.be/t8H4E3wZJBw-MysticalMoonMan"
,Not Recommended,232090,22101363,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Grumpy Potato,its not like KF :/ tbh i dont like all the fancy things it have :/ idk i just cant play it like that
,Recommended,232090,28773629,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Phantasm,"The game is a lot of fun and gets a lot of  updates (new maps, zeds, weapons)Only downside of the  game is the random and unexplained lag spikes even when playing on servers within my reigon, otherwise it's a great stress relief to club♥♥♥♥♥♥to death8/10"
,Not Recommended,232090,21220273,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Bodacious Rump Whisperer,"""early access done right""  As opposed to what?   Actually polishing the content you have out instead of constantly pushing half-@ssed updates out and still having a broken core game almost a year later?This game is the physical manifestation of irony.EDIT: Also, this ""sequel"" barely brings anything new to the basic KF experience outside of somewhat decent graphics, a sorta OP class and a severe lack of dignity (not paying 10 bucks for a battered brown cumstain paintjob for a gun dude)."
,Not Recommended,232090,20261908,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,[AoD] xlHlx,I gave this game a positive review at first but now that they added the same skin system like in CS:GO I can not recommend it. It's worse than Day One DLC. Better play Killing Floor it has more weapons and maps and it doesnt try to steal all your money by gambling on skins.
,Not Recommended,232090,19691670,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Kruez,"Game is good, but adding microtransactions instead of delivering on promised content is just nasty.Oh well. Loadsamoney!"
76561198040001301,Not Recommended,232090,29681465,Posted: 3 February,all,Africa is my planet,"Tripwire keeps pumping micros into the game, essentially turning this game into another online casino, bad weapon sounds, hideous spawn system and many more problems. Those who joined recently might think this is the greatest game ever, but those who have been here since the release know the issues this game is facing. It is visually appealing, the gore is amazing, but that's about it, there aren't many choices of weaponry between perks and only recently have they upped their game on content. It gets very boring and repetitive fairly quickly.  Hosting is a nightmare and a lot of people use custom maps to quickly level up, why Tripwire has allowed this is beyond me, fully leveled but with 0 experience players with level 25 perks running rampant at almost every difficulty. The saddest part about this game is that it pulled a ""Payday 2"", most older players have left and they've been replaced by new players who have no idea what kind of problems KF 2 has faced, from the absolute lack of content to idiotic decisions by Tripwire. Only now have they added updates that improve the game, but for people like me , it's too little, too late. If you enjoy shallow gameplay and don't mind or don't know how they ruined this sequel to a masterpiece, then buy and play it. This is one of few negative reviews that will end on the store page, like i mentioned, those who gave up on the game have simply buried it a long time ago and obviously most people that picked up the game recently will recommend this. I personally won't."
76561198010134822,Not Recommended,232090,22055038,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,donttouchmyhohos,"Micotranscation set up before game is finished... game developers just give up now a days, huh."
76561198287639352,Recommended,232090,28840797,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Bertil Svensson,Killing Floor 2 is as if Left 4 Dead 2 and Black Ops Zombies mode had a baby.Perfection! Aaaa yeeeeee
,Not Recommended,232090,19239764,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Benjamin,Nothing like the first master beauty!     MICRO TRANSACTIONS!!! ZEROE CONTENT SCREW THESE DEVS!
,Not Recommended,232090,20148263,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Dagrus_Vullen,really. another game sequal that WAS great until they added micro transactions. JFC the game industry is dead
,Recommended,232090,19514879,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,JayDCza,"This is a great game in my opinion, but I recommend buying it AFTER early access. Once the Return of the Patriarch update came out more bugs came with it, invisible ceilings, random crashes and disappearing 9mms... Then there's everyone raging at the new microtransaction system but deep down inside we all want that Tanaka's Biker BundleUpdate: All bugs that i've reported have been fixed, however i'll still be expecting some since it's in beta. Overall I haven't found any bug so far it's pretty good."
76561198065152366,Recommended,232090,15607270,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,slendermanwoods,Killing Floor 2 is a great improvement to the first game. My favorite map is Paris and Medic is my favorite perk. I do hope to see this game come out with more different perks and maps. All together its a very addictive game and once you start playing you will never stop.Now get out there and Kill that Floor....again!
76561197967605873,Recommended,232090,15480334,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Aled,"A proper review incoming - (maybe one day) - but, uhh... So, my mind's blown! Would I recommend this? I've been anticipating the release of this game for AGES and after an initial play, yeah... This is definitely going to be my compulsory gaming addiction for years to come. Both gameplay wise and graphically: beautiful.Utterly immersive and incredibly rewarding and addictive gameplay. TWI really excelled with this title."
76561198094563091,Recommended,232090,15483505,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,IamNoob,"Everything you would expect from Killing Floor accept ""more and better"" ~Lich. The server issues at the start of the day were a headache but have since cleared and ever since this game is fun on the bun baby!"
,Recommended,232090,15496563,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Commissar Krevan,Just get it.
,Recommended,232090,15561262,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,^4|W^7&^2M|^4Flyaway,Good game !
76561198039675277,Recommended,232090,15550224,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Rampage ,"It's visceral, it's gory, it's an action-packed power fantasy with friends that won't restrict you behind paywalls.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dASPq1mo_pE&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,232090,15483534,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Delin Windsong,"just as amazing as the 1st , but 10 times better."
,Recommended,232090,15491926,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Palutargė,"I really like first Killing Floor, but this, this is something awesome.- Better graphics- Better gameplay- More perk levels- Harder than a first Killing Floor"
,Recommended,232090,15496890,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,бунт,If you like heavy music + bloody massacre this is the game for you :DI recommend this game it's pretty fun :D
76561198045844161,Recommended,232090,15717695,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Taterz,"Killing Floor 2 does nothing but improve on the first, and because it's still in early access it's only going to get better. Quit reading reviews and pick it up"
76561197991055295,Recommended,232090,15579328,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Zozoplö,Animations and graphics are just gorgeous. I am really curious what things will come when the game is out. Thank god they didn´t change the music Love on the first sight like the first game.
,Recommended,232090,15680126,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Comrade,How is this game in early access?! I have not seen one bug. If it had some more weapons I would say it would be a complete game.
76561198103361900,Recommended,232090,15525887,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,b0Na,"haven't played that much but enough to say that this game is awesome, so worth the money and time"
,Recommended,232090,15598933,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Trodamus,"Despite the differences — the graphical upgrade, the new ways zeds can attack you, the expansion of the perk system — KF2 plays almost identically to KF1, just better.To anyone that doesn't own the original: Killing Floor is the premier ""survive against waves of bad guys and fight a boss"" game, and KF2 proudly bears the torch of its predecessor.It gets to be called the best due to having a load of variety in how players can play, discreetly filed into the perk / class system that rewards them for playing that way. It's got loads of enemies each unique in the way that they can ruin your day, and a difficulty that scales well depending upon the settings you choose.Bloody, glorious violence, plus devs that care. What more do you want?"
,Recommended,232090,15673991,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Nisteth,"You know when you're playing a game and you're like, I wish that I actually ran away from the enemies in fear instead of just tanking all of them? That's what this game does. Makes you run in fear. Especially when you have a big squad of 4-6 players that make it so all the enemies have slightly ramped up health per player. And that on harder difficulties makes it so they gain extra moves. When I first went onto Suicidal and a husk flamethrowered the entire area around me when I got up close to him and I died from the huge chunk of burn damage he did because I was so close, I realized, this game doesn't ♥♥♥♥ around as much as it did back in the day.Buy it. Play it with friends. Decapitate butchers with chainsaws implanted into their arm. Shoot sawblades down rows of zombies to chop them all into bits. Run around in cramped hallways from a fleshpound about to beat your head into your ribcage. And do all of that while listening to amazing metal.tl;dr This game is no longer expressed by a simple number rating."
,Recommended,232090,15556264,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,nOeViL ¦ вlϊтz,Excellent.... Like the original but better.Graphics are excellent.Game play is excellent.Team work required.I can’t wait for more maps and more classes as well as community content.I'm sick of the early access fad but this one is actually worth it and 1/2 the price or less than games like Evolve....etc
,Recommended,232090,15639127,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,TwelveHundred,"Best 2015 game incomming.Nothing more, nothing less."
,Recommended,232090,15512419,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Feenecks Platinum ♥,Dosh physics and backwards sprinting. 10/10
,Recommended,232090,15603862,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,☆A Wood☆,It's great but why does the Baltimore map have the Eiffel Tower?
,Recommended,232090,15512618,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Twinkis7874,"""My shotty's my hotty."" -Donovan Neal, 2015"
76561198045111274,Recommended,232090,23088847,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Captain_Wow,"The base game is, frankly, quite solid, but lacking polish and variety. It definitely has the potential to be a great game some day, but I'd hold off until it goes gold. I simply cannot in good conscience recommend a game that has been in Early Access for over a year that's seen minimal development other than the addition of several unasked for features -- PvP? Really? -- and a paid marketplace. For a game that's effectively a paid open Beta. That's unacceptable.tl;dr Do not purchase this until it goes gold. There's a good chance it never will at this point, and it's a shame.Edited -- My earlier review mentioned a lack of polish and variety, but as promised the developers have been slowly but surely bringing the game to a ""gold"" standard, with the latest (beta) preview seeing an overhaul of almost all perks and skills. I still hope that they'll continue to add content -- as well as end-game progression once you've hit max level in your chosen perks -- but as it stands right now it's a solid purchase, and I've no doubt at this point that the remaining niggling problems will be corrected come its full release this November."
,Recommended,232090,33252443,Posted: 4 July,all,vangelis,"Play as a bunch of cops who mow down hordes of murderous refugees after whites have become a minority in Europe. This game is more of a prophecy, and a frightening one at that.""HEEEEUGGGHHHHH"" -Reverend Alberts"
,Recommended,232090,15595707,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Anduliic,"10/10If you love first KF, you gonna be in big love of this one, it's in alfa is already badass, whats it's gonna be in full version? :oEdit: 01.06.2015.Almost 100 hours but still like playing, there is custom maps and everything! Tripwire realesed two skins with old voice actors and new map! I suggest to buy this game! Tell for friends about game!Edit: 18.02.2016Only one big minus in this game is - micropaymentsReally guys? You will be like PayDay2 who sucks all the freaking money from people with those micropayments? Yea, it doesn't change gameplay, but it changes your reputation and game is not yet realesed in full game. And updates are slow as f*ck. One reason of that is those cosmetics, that should be last thing coming up...But still, game is good and I enjoy new maps.Game rate: 8/10Still recomend to buy it."
,Recommended,232090,15484649,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Dvnte!,"Killing Floor 2This game is amazing, I seriously enjoyed it. This is basically Killing Floor 1, But with a little bit of changes and improvements, They have added new weapons, changed the looks of the weapons.Now let's talk about the Zeds.I find them scary actually, they are DETAILED and really want to eat your face off.I recommend this game. 10/10Btw the Boss is gonna be difficult for you. I wish you luck friend!"
,Recommended,232090,15481493,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,PunishedLugoku,Killing Floor 1 with better graphics
,Recommended,232090,27103893,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,b3nderz,"The best co-op zombie FPS is back! With new maps, new perks, new char, new boss, Steam Workshop support...The community is great, you always play with teammates who understand the advantages of team-play, sharing money, healing each others."
,Recommended,232090,30026490,Posted: 18 February,all,Dorian Zane,An Awesome Game for FPS Players that who wants to kill the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of monsters.
76561198079548956,Recommended,232090,15508624,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,-Alucard-,"Killing Floor 2 .Is probably one of the most Brutal,Gory and Fun games every in the Koop/Zombie Genrei really love to play it with my friends over hours and hours you cant just get enought killin them zed's.The Gore level is insane you can literally shoot their face apart one by one and i do really enjoy gore in GAMES.Its a bit harder then the First Killing floor and you have more to experience for example more Levels Guns,Ways to killThe Zed's look awesome and Creepy compared to Killing Floor ""1"" your bones will shake when you hear the damnFleshpound knockin on the door right beside you ....;( its just Awesome you should definitely check it out its TONS OF FUN!--TL;DR--.Its an Awesome Co-Op/Zombie Shooter.Lots of Gore and Ways to Kill.Lots of Guns which are fun to use and actually effective.Nice Graphics and Animations.Lots of Fun you should BUY IT :))"
,Recommended,232090,15581471,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Revan's heir,"The floor actually killed me after i jumped from high ground with 5 hp.Don't get fooled, they KILL.Edit: Found out that you can turn on ""Music Vocals"". Good thing that i play firebug, so i dont have to aim while I headbang."
76561198015038122,Recommended,232090,32576577,Posted: 19 June,all,HUT_316,"Unfortunately my friend and I had a hard time grouping for co-op in this one. One or the both of us were d/c'd multiple times. This was especially bad right before beating a boss so he depression quit. I had bought into the Deluxe Ed. so I stuck with it. More updated on PC than PS4 but I did seem to get full deluxe for ""free"" via PS Plus which gave me the game and all characters. When it works, it's awesome. Repetitive and the higher levels are a punk to grind. I haven't got higher than the teens on any character. But there's something satisfying about popping zombie parts with various firearms. It's quite visceral and has some really inventive level design. (especially the new carnival) I'm not a fan of the trickle of item drops coupled with the outrageous cost to get keys when you do get a box (even if this were FTP, it's expensive). I'd recommend KF2 if you like arenas, repetition, mild progression, gore and guns. 7/10"
,Recommended,232090,32552178,Posted: 18 June,all,Skelling Ton,"I bought this at the inital, beta release. I'll admit, I was worried TripWire was just going to abandon it after that. Prehaps just paid DLC packs, but ultimately forget it afterwards.However, they really pulled it out of the mud and delivered far more than they promised.Consistant content updates, and an active involvement in their game. Other's developers should take note."
76561198013671801,Recommended,232090,32564037,Posted: 19 June,all,✠ Nazgrel ✠,"Killing Floor 2 is a good game, unfortunately the Floor is not what's trying tokillyou, (yes, they always try to trick you with fancy names and give you something completely unrelated...) it will be Zeds trying toculturally enrichkill you.The game itself is remarkably different from its predecessor, Killing Floor 2 has changed game mechanics and (if you're a KF veteran) you might feel more... enclosured, let's say. The fact that you can sprint whereas in the first game you'd have to pull out your knife and walk hilariously makes this second part feel like spaces are smaller and that you get pinned down way faster and with an entirely more graphic picture of what dismemberment means.There are other areas I'd like to mention, for instance:Where the hell are the sexual innuendos from the Trader? No, really, this was a big deal in Killing Floor 1, we all got tired of the same stupid puns from one of the ugliest NPCs ever, but it was an inherent part of the game, now we have someone who managed to take one step further into the whole ""being annoying"" matter. Want my opinion? I'd rather have someone asking me if I like the Big Ones rather than a French-accented invisible bossy ♥♥♥♥♥.Now the guns, we may not have as many guns as we were used to, but we have enough (though I really miss my old STG-44). All well balanced (more or less) and with a very good work on the modeling and the reloading technique. Having a cool variety of knives is something interesting but perhaps not worth saying here (I did it anyway, didn't I?). We were also given the chance to push enemies away by punching/hitting them with the stock; this was genious and surely we applaud it, how many times have you, KF veteran, been chewed off by clots before, while a bloat puked on youlike in those weird japanese porn videoswhile a scrake did you some surgery? That's it.Now the perks is something I like to see growing. In Killing Floor 1 you would take lots of time to level one perk to the maximum, while in Killing Floor 2 you can do as much in a single day (if you have nothing else to do, not like it isTHATeasy. Most of the perks remained essentially the same although some of them... I'll just explain it:In my humble opinion; Sharpshooter and Commando from Killing Floor 1 have branched out into Gunslinger + Sharpshooter and SWAT + Commando respectively. This gives you more to do in the game, and better technique with weapons you would have used in the same perk before. I can't really say I enjoy being Sharpshooter as much as I did in the first version but… I accept the mutability of life and go with the flow.It's also an important part of the changed perk system that every five levels there is a booster, which compels us to level up before moving into higher diffilculties. It is no longer the cost of guns, the initial weapon for levels five to six in KF1 or the slight improvements what keeps people out from the Hell on Earth servers.Bosses are still challenging, some things never change (too much).The Community is very decent, most of the time, and honestly agreeable but you know, there's always that one ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ whose efforts are directly focused towards being a pain in your♥♥♥♥♥ >shrugs< There are lots of maps, servers, and well, I have read a lot about people having issues with high pings... I guess it all depends on who's server you join and it is fairly easy to make your own server, where people will probably join when they see how low the latency is.Of course, not everything is good, there are some glitches and physics-defying events, so if you like your shooting straight and precise, try not to fight anything around stairs. But if you like to see bloats being literally catapulted into you while puking because the script couldn't be properly read, hey, it's your call, your tastes and your life. >shrugs even harder< I can't think of anything else I'd really like to complain about in the game, perhaps that it gets repetitive at some point (no♥♥♥♥♥♥Sherlock) and that you want to murder the Trader and you are not given the chance. (By the way, Micro-transactions suck).The game overall is fun, you have a laugh at the beautifully British-accented characters (German-accented if you love Anton Strasser) saying random stuff and the possibility of personalizing your character (although we no longer have 10249123.62 characters any more, no Chickenator, no Grim Reaper and no Mrs. Foster among others).Welp, to finish this and let you go and play... the game is good, not the best game ever made, but pick five friends, play, hunt achievements and you will have the feeling that you invested your money properly (Avoid. Micro. Transactions.) Don't feel like you're changing Killing Floor 1 for Killing Floor 2 (assuming you have played it, I pretty much wrote this whole damn review for people who played the first part so it's not like I'm switching now). Killing Floor 1 and 2 are very different games that require different skill. All this said...♥♥♥♥ offHave fun!."
,Recommended,232090,32895857,Posted: 27 June,all,๖Sifitisifi๖,Its like the first one but with better stuff and I like it and holy-
,Recommended,232090,32663562,Posted: 22 June,all,Megajoemama,"This will actually be a serious (Short) review of the game.Goods-Game looks amazing-Fun gameplay-Unique weapons-Funny community servers and custom mapsBads-Standard maps are lame, some are okay but some are eh...-Gun color DLC is lame, byt acceptable-Some glitches with the bigger multiplayer serversSummary-Personally, this game is good. Buy it and you won't be sad. Thanks"
,Recommended,232090,19641293,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,clckwrkrng,"About a year ago I gave this game a negative review, now I give it a solid thumbs up. Even after the end of EA the devs continue to update their game, introducing new weapons, characters, maps and modes. New Holdout mode is just awesome. I hope they will develop this mode in future, it looks really promising."
76561198015402146,Recommended,232090,15488455,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,QUESTION MARK,DOSH PHYSICS!!!!!!
76561198240119382,Recommended,232090,32583678,Posted: 19 June,all,JohnnyFutches,yeah. its pretty nifty.
76561198069188874,Recommended,232090,32888644,Posted: 27 June,all,H㋛t GingerBread Man™,Good game.  Good coop game play.
76561198207376737,Recommended,232090,32846626,Posted: 27 June,all,TheSlipperyBoy -iwnl-,one of the best multiplayer games i have played till datetripware did a great jobi definetly recommend buying this
,Recommended,232090,32411051,Posted: 14 June,all,hammot,+Everything except microtransactions-Microtransactions
,Recommended,232090,32934358,Posted: 28 June,all,Jen,"I played Killing Floor and kind of hated it - the community was kind of crap, the game itself was just sort of relentlessly gross and boring at the same time, so when KF2 came out I didn't get on board for a long time.One of my best gaming buddies started playing it, like, constantly, and I decided what the heck.  KF2 is a big improvement over the original.  The classes have some fun perks that make playing them worthwhile and I think the weapons system is better balanced.  It's challenging, for sure, but I've noticed some improvements with AI that make them more ""natural"", if that's even a thing - reaction to increased damage from one player, not always just running you down and smashing you into a corner while ignoring all else, that sort of thing.  The maps (except for Farmhouse which I detest) are really great and Tripwire has been adding new ones regularly.  The detail is fantastic and the environs are fun - it's pretty clear that they've spent a lot of time thinking about level design to offer a challenging map without making it the same ""hold out in this spot"" every time.  The game feels fresh again.At first I thought, ""Eh, I'll just come play now and then,"" but now I find myself playing nearly every day trying to level every class up to 20 before moving on to the next.  I love the latest Tragic Kingdom expansion even if I got the lamest Summer Sideshow item ever ;)"
,Recommended,232090,15483584,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,SevereAids,Amazing Game. For the price you can't beat it. Fans of the first one will love it and I recommend it to anyone else!
76561198354127460,Recommended,232090,32418453,Posted: 14 June,all,epicbriggs.lb,"This is a simple shooter that achieves its goals perfectly. Too many FPS's pretend to be something they are not or try to infuse all known gameplay mechanics to mask the hollow core of its games. This is not the case for Killing Floor 2. You want to kill hordes of enemies, you want a variety of weapons, you just want a quick game to blow off steam or maybe just casually play with your mates, this game delivers. The gameplay is smooth with great little touches and attention to detail that avid players of the genre will appreciate. In this game you can really see the work of a game's creators that want their players to enjoy every last minute, a true testiment to what can be achieved when a developer takes pride in their games.If I had any criticisms they would include micro payments although these really only unlock cosmetics so it doesn't take from the game's content. Weapon attachments might have been nice but the base weapons are already awesome enough that again this is just nit picking.A lot of people complain that this game is repetative which is just a pretentious observation that doesn't carry much weight. It is a round by round survival game so of course it is repetative, that is the point. The observation that doing something again here is like playing FIFA and saying ""This game could do more than just kick a ball around.""Definitely worth the asking price and provides well over 100+ hours of cathartic fun!"
,Recommended,232090,15500431,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,ディ・アイスディーラ,10/10 Worth all of your dosh
,Recommended,232090,26367917,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Rereto,I love this Game butI hate this New Spawn System its really Difficult as Demo to survive
76561198088987198,Recommended,232090,32583657,Posted: 19 June,all,Croc Man,It's Cod zombies on heroine with a better soundtrack.
76561198078271522,Recommended,232090,32959260,Posted: 28 June,all,BuckWorth,"Good game, needs more bosses"
76561197995286525,Recommended,232090,33144822,Posted: 2 July,all,[TR] Senpai of Hentai,"Not your average horde shooter game.....well it is but it is really well done and has a lot of character to it as well as some great fast paced gameplay. The grind is not as long as it was in KF1, and the glasses feel very different from one another even if they sorta cross over in the roles they are supposed to fill. Great game to play with friends a few times out of the week and is easy to do and has a lot of depth to it once you start doing higher difficulties. It just dosn't have as much content as the first game did, but then again this version is barely a year old, give it time and it will be just as packed content rich as that one."
76561198135405255,Recommended,232090,33097262,Posted: 1 July,all,Jacket,"Its Killing Floor but everything is better, that is why its called Killing Floor 2"
76561198009681631,Recommended,232090,33148317,Posted: 2 July,all,necroslayer,"I love this game, awesome to play if you want to kill♥♥♥♥♥♥to awesome music or have nothing better to do."
,Recommended,232090,29384210,Posted: 20 January,all,[pj],"The game is starting to be alot more fun then the first version. Class are alot more balance and other class doesn't seem so *useless* anymore. I used to think killing floor 1 was alot better then killing floor 2. After one game on long i was already bored but now, it's getting a whole lot more fun."
,Recommended,232090,32447244,Posted: 15 June,all,Adon,very scary!!!! be careful!
,Recommended,232090,32466898,Posted: 16 June,all,Mr.0rc,"Tripwire keeps delivering.The Summer Sideshow of 2017 is awesome and hilarious.A great event by itself, and a fun treat to both new and older players.I you want a co-op game full of mayhem, this is the game for you!"
76561198053460218,Recommended,232090,15575974,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Edgy ChibiWizard,Let My Friend Die 3 Times10/10 Would Play Again
76561197988782475,Recommended,232090,32477051,Posted: 16 June,all,Afro_$exbot,"I good game to play, better than kf1, but some of the features I do miss from kf1."
,Recommended,232090,32762285,Posted: 25 June,all,Metal Man,The first one took Call of duty's Nazi zombie killing of mass hordes and made it more Epic and fun than Cod ever could.Now this one took that formula and injected some steroids into it.A game that deserves to be on your games libary and is always great for a few matches with friends.And not to mention cheaper.
,Recommended,232090,17268387,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Collecting P250SandDune 262/1000,Got to hack a man carrying a chainsaw with a lawn mower blade..... I also used a sledge hammer with the power to explode things on contact.10/10
76561198103630440,Recommended,232090,15571056,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,homosexual (gone xxxtra sexual),they added skins
76561198066422617,Recommended,232090,15537772,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Psycho,Best zombie survival out there easily worth more than 30 bucks.
76561198094961153,Not Recommended,232090,15501531,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Mellowfungus,"Just feels like the game is lacking content in every regard. For as long as the game has been in development it seems the developers have not added much in that time.Lack of characters, lack of official maps, lack of guns...There's a bunch of perks but barely any new guns. I came back to this game after being fed up with it during early access only to see that they haven't included a SINGLE new gun for my favourite perk (Support). After ♥♥♥♥ing months of development the devs haven't added a single ♥♥♥♥ing gun to that perk. This trend continues with the other perks, very bare bones in terms of options, which leads you to playing a particular way everytime. Like using support like me? Well then play through the rounds tilll you get the most expensive gun...thats it, nothing else.Oh I realise that the game comes with a modding community that provides some fan made maps, I disregard this as a selling point. A brand new game shouldn't be relying on its community to do the job the developers should have done ages ago. This is Killing Floor, not Skyrim or fallout. No one buys this game for mods, they buy it for the gun play which suffers due to the lack of variety in guns. I find this odd since the core gameplay is fantastic and has been for awhile. The devs finished the game up to a point then got lazy...very lazy when it came to filling up said game with content. As I final note I'd like to just comment on the pathetic range of paid content this game has, ♥♥♥♥ing weapon skins.Overall not a worthy purchase, buy something else"
,Not Recommended,232090,15894375,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Richter,Microtransactions lolTripwire wants loadsamoney.
,Recommended,232090,15513598,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,GonTron,"Like the original Killing Floor, but better in almost every way."
,Recommended,232090,15525818,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Duninn,"If you are a fan of the original, then don't wait and buy it now. If you are just curious or perhaps weary of early access, then give it a few months. For Killing Floor Fans this early access to KF2 is instantly rewarding. You will find a much friendlier UI, character customization, a more forgiving death penalty, and of course a more friendly way to join games in progress as you spawn with more than just a pistol. Any veteran will instantly appreciate the changes made and associate them with only praise.The gameplay itself is great, rewarding, and challenging. There are several difficulties, so once you find the gameplay getting stale you can fix that rather easily. Considering the staff at tripwire want Hell on Earth to be unbeatable by their team, it will provide a challenge to any veteran. Additionally, there is a decent range of characters to choose from at the start of this EA.Now for the cons. There is only one boss at the moment, so it may get repetitive. There is also only three levels. However, an SDK is released so if you find this an issue then contribute and make your own! Additionally, there is a limited selection of weapons so far, but of course all of this will change with time. So the game may get repetitive as you level your perks, but that will change with the addition of new maps, weapons, characters, zeds, and bosses.This game is a rewarding experience and I can't wait to see how it grows."
76561198027143724,Recommended,232090,15513162,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Witchtron Witchface,"I'm floored by how good this game is ;)So long as they continue to flesh out the game with more content along the lines of what is already present in the game, I'll be playing this nonstop until Killing Floor 3 comes out."
,Recommended,232090,15513706,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Son Of The Khan,"So far it is killing floor on roids, I look forward to putting in days and days. Give em your dosh and join the gorefest."
,Not Recommended,232090,15496651,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Koopsyyy,Great game really did enjoy this but now they have announced micro transactions.I have no respect for you anymore doing this. Adding micro transactions to and EA game just shows how much of money grabbing fuks ur gonna be.  Clearly paying more attention to our wallets than our opinions and feelings. You have basically just alienated your fans. i no longer support KF2
,Not Recommended,232090,15554875,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Nsx1,.. Six years later TWI introduces Microtransactions during Early Access.kthxbye.Q: Will all items in the Zed-Conomy drop for free?A: No. Some items will be only available from opening crates and Encrypted Weapon Skin USBs. Also some items will only drop for free and not be inside any crate. Finally some items will be available from the in game store that will not drop for free or be in a crate.http://killingfloor2.com/Zedconomy/faq.html
,Recommended,232090,33132689,Posted: 2 July,all,DonacDum,"Zeds, Guns, Killing... Nuff said. Just buy it."
,Recommended,232090,30724220,Posted: 25 March,all,P!C4$50,What if zombie apocalypse happen in reality?You've gotta play this game so that you'll know how to survive when that day comes!
76561198026997533,Recommended,232090,33111464,Posted: 1 July,all,Gabdegaf,Soo much blood and gore!
,Recommended,232090,33087244,Posted: 1 July,all,Maycne Sonahoz,"Still about 6 players joining to survive waves of Zeds and kick the boss'♥♥♥♥♥ Everything else is upgraded:- improved graphics and Zed dismemberment- motion-captured movement quality for players and Zeds- extra Zeds and boss- old and new guns- customizable and uniquely voiced characters- revamped perk system- workshop, and now marketplaceThe downside though is you can't spam WELD THE DOOR anymore."
,Recommended,232090,32418033,Posted: 14 June,all,Evo,Can't use the Trader Pod to 3D print pizzas during the zombie apocalypse.  0/10.
,Recommended,232090,23361145,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Scary Version,I like this game.
,Recommended,232090,30723686,Posted: 25 March,all,GBR3,"Killing Floor 2 is a perfect example on how to make a enhanced remake of a popular game.The graphics are really nice and are very well optimized. I say this after my GTX 980 died and I had to use my old GTS 450. I had to lower all my graphics settings to the lowest and the game still looked so good! So thumbs up to you tripwire! But back on the highest settings the graphics are amazing, the lighting is great, and it has it's own nice art style. The gore looks great, I will never get tired of seeing all the blood and gibs flying around the map.Something that makes this game so great for me is how immersive it is. The weapons in this game feel alive, every bullet that comes out of your gun feels so real, and the zeds react perfectly to taking damage, you really feel like you are actually shooting the zeds with actual bullets coming from actual guns.The gameplay can get sort of repetitive and I need to stop playing for awhile, but I can easily come back to the game without hesitating. There aren't too many weapons currently but they are still adding them and they said they plan to add them like they did the first game. The classes and perks have a great variety and are all truly really fun.The one downside is the micro transactions but I can't complain too much because it isn't pay to win, they are purely cosmetics, and I don't feel pressured too much into buying these skins and cosmetics. You can also earn these cosmetics by just playing, although the you probably won't always get good looking items. Plus no DLCs currently so you get the full game when you buy it.All in all Killing Floor 2 is a great game. I loved the first game and I played so much of it, after playing this one though I don't feel the need to go back to Killing Floor other than nostalgia and memories. If you can have a friend play this game with you it makes the experience even better."
76561198036262954,Recommended,232090,15776502,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,☢Rλptor_H.LecteR,"its definitely worth its money, so buy this game and have fun! :)"
,Recommended,232090,33136864,Posted: 2 July,all,Bibbo,Fun zombie bloodbath game.
,Recommended,232090,31338475,Posted: 24 April,all,Zell,"Killing Floor 2 is a bit of a mixed bag. I'd recommend it as it's very fun to play and the physics and weapons are highly satisfying, though the gameplay isprettyrepetitive (At the moment at least), usually just killing waves of Zeds in different maps as different classes with different weapons. Actually that does make it sound pretty variable.Basically it's a fun way to destress and is very satisfying to play, but don't expect an indepth RPG which asks deep moral questions."
,Recommended,232090,15506319,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Xeriina,"All I can say is, thank you. From the bottom of our hearts, thank you Tripwire Interactive!"
,Recommended,232090,15508688,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,The Law,Great game! A massive improvement over the already fantastic first game!
76561197975083011,Recommended,232090,18146174,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Trippinballz,"With this game I became cooler, I have more relations with people's mothers, Mountain Dew and Doritos are now my sponsers, now every montage i do instantly becomes epic.Buy this game..."
76561198123533587,Recommended,232090,28081387,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ChickenSlayer,"They released new weapons without putting them in a payed DLC.This game is getting better and better, just make sure you dont turn it into a DLC ♥♥♥♥fest like killing floor 1."
,Recommended,232090,29473760,Posted: 24 January,all,Syberwulf,"Great, Hourless Fun!I prepurchased just shortly before this game was introduced to Steam in April of nearly two years ago on Early Access (something I never do) only because it seemedsoaesthetically arresting, and I was immediately hooked. I've played regularly--almost daily--since, and even though I wasn't totally elated with every new change or choice of direction, i'm still enormously happy with what it's amounted to. Personally, any game that can amiably provideliteral hundredsof hours of timeless fun is great just by general principle, and with that in mind I couldn't recommend it more."
,Recommended,232090,29498641,Posted: 26 January,all,✪ Spartan195,"I love this game, but is really boring to wait so much time for new updates. Nowadays this game is really poor of content"
76561198125128138,Recommended,232090,32868393,Posted: 27 June,all,BeastlyAnemone,"A great, fast paced, pure carnage game. There is never a dull moment and great fun with friends (If you have any) The only main problem is that there are only 2 bosses and there isnt really anything special about each game so it can get a bit repetetive in long periods of playing!"
,Recommended,232090,32223919,Posted: 6 June,all,Doctor Death,dont buy it for PC for now if you have playstation 4 and member ship its free for this month
76561198029215535,Recommended,232090,21416582,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Fancyslimshady,"Now that I got all achievements(*to date), all perks to max lvl and 200+ hours I think it is time to remove my early access review and right a final one.I have been playing this game since the first day it came out..+The community is really friendly most of the time, very rare to find toxic people. If you ever need help with something in the game the forms have really helpful people.+You always feel like you have a role in the team and some type of importance hence the fact that there is multiple roles to use. You level these roles to unlock perks that either benifit you or the team..+The animation and graphics are on point + optimized well thanks to unreal engine 3, easy game to run. (the standout has the be the animation)+Plenty of hours of fun to enjoy from this. Maps come in all shapes, sizes and themes. Does not stop there, modding community is awesome in this game, creating custom maps from remakes of classic maps from other games like Dust 2 or maps paying homage to classic video games like N64 007 or Legend of Zelda. Also people are hosting servers running these maps.. (I believe there is a server running with 600 custom maps in its rotation)+Devs are really active adding new fresh content with the game ( they have weekly changes)+- So so PVP mode-Only two bosses atm :(-Most of the time people only communicate by the chat not mic, they communicate often though, but useally between rounds and if they are typing during a round, they prob will get killed :(+= In all, this is a freaking fun game, get it, buy it, whatever.. Just thank me later ! Ciao !   9 Zeds out of 10THANKS TO THE COMMUNITY HELPING ME WITH SOME OF THE Hell on Earth maps and challenges !!"
,Recommended,232090,32524972,Posted: 17 June,all,Hayes,"I'm really enjoying KF2. If you enjoyed the original, this is for you."
,Recommended,232090,18551529,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Darkxuz,"If you liked to spend hours and hours on horde mode Left4Dead (1 and 2) or any other game of zombies , then this is your game, horde multiple levels of difficulties ranging from normal to semi-impossible , weapons for all type player, a community more friendly than others, simple and addictive and simply spectacular graphics and a extremely visceral gameplay, although I had to buy a new graphics card to play the game, i do not regret having done so.Final score : 11/10 IGN"
,Recommended,232090,24542060,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Asrapila,art of violence
,Not Recommended,232090,18319211,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,null,wont stop adding stupid achievements that take away my perfect game
,Recommended,232090,32625477,Posted: 21 June,all,Connoo,"I tried ""Killing Floor 2"" for the free summer 2017 trial. To be honest, I thought it was a boring, really repetitive, and shallow game. And that it is! But I still bought the deluxe edition (on a sale that is.) Why? Because thats what you have to accept it as. If you want a game overflowing with content and things to do, go play an Elder Scrolls or Fallout game. But, if you have a half hour of spare time you need to kill, just play a game like this. This game is a quick time waster, when you need something to do. Nothing more, nothing less."
76561198045937743,Recommended,232090,15517388,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,autism is my superpower,I need more!More BLOOOOoooo0000DD!
12431245235234525,Recommended,232090,21053850,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Exufox ツ,"Have been playing this game since he came outand I almost can't say a thing that I hate in KF2-BenefitsAwesome GraphicsPasses the time-You can download mods and maps from the workshop easily-Offline mode is also enjoyable and fun-There are class options to choose from(as pyro , medic , etc) which you can upgrade every 5 levels-Good ANTI-cheat systym-Friendly community-Get's updated""Disadvantages""Lagstrollersand game crashes rarelyHighly recommended in my opinion ."
76561197996558685,Recommended,232090,24305630,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ThePHiLsTeR (∩｀-´)⊃━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ,"I originally wrote a positive review for Killing Floor 2 early 2016. However, I can no longer recommend this game. I’m just glad I bought this game in 2015 and got to have a blast while it lasted logging in a solid 500+ hours. I got my money’s worth.But for those looking to buy this game in its current state, I would have to say a big no. The game is boring. The sharp shooter is one of kf2’s biggest downfalls. It makes all the big zeds a joke. They are stunned and killed all too quickly and easily when before this latest patch, they were a force to be reckoned with. The sharp shooter perk itself is so boring. The SS top tier weapon is a single fire weapon. Aim for head, shoot. Or use its auto lock on mode. I literally felt sleepy last time I played. Also the new official maps are so bland and boring. KF_prison is basically a square and offers no interesting terrain requiring any unique strategy.I’m not quite sure what is going on with TWI. I know they’ve lost some of its staff which may be contributing to the horrible direction this game is going in. I’ve held on to hope that this game will further develop to become an amazing game, but that hope is gone.Update 8-29-16TWI has been listening to the community's feedback. This is the best iteration of KF2 yet!! The speed and aggresiveness of the zeds have been increased making things exciting. Things can get really chaotic with screen shaking and swarms bombarding you, so you got to stay on your toes. The new perk SWAT has cool smgs. All perks have been relatively balanced. Each perk has its role and are very viable."
,Recommended,232090,27081392,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Goom,goom
76561197970128943,Recommended,232090,27467096,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SviGG,"First of all, I just have to say this game is incredibly fun!  I've sunk nearly 100 hours into it, mostly from early access, but im playing even more now that its out.  Its a simple concept, waves of progressively more and harder zeds followed up with a boss fight.  You choose the length of the match, up to 10 rounds, the map, and difficulty.  There's a bunch of different perks/classes to choose from, and they pretty much all play uniquely... Except maybe the survivalist, which is a mashup of all the perks and commando and swat are kinda similar.  You level these up and gain a new ability every 5 levels up to level 25.  Which bring me to one of my few complaints.  Finishing off the last few levels of a high level perk just takes too long.  Ideally you want to have at least 3 different high level perks to play around with, incase other people have already chosen the same perk as you.  I have put 100 hours in, and only just got my 3rd level 25 perk, which is too much grinding.  But the game really does shine when you get a match with a good mix of perks and everyone working together.Plus +Gameplay is where this game really shines in my opinion.  The setup is almost halfway between L4D, and COD zombies.  Its similar to L4D in that the game sends overwhelming numbers at you, things get really chaotic, there are differents classes of emenies each with strengths and weaknesses, and you get mini bosses randomly throughout the match ei. tanks/fleshpounds.  Its similar to COD zombies in that your playing progressivily harder rounds, on a fixed enclosed map, and you need to restock and buy better weapons between rounds.  It doesn't have L4D's progression through levels however, like going from point a to point b.  Overall it fells like its own game, as it should.  The original mod did come out before either of those games.  I'd also have to say the overall gameplay and feel of the game is probably the best here.  I've never played a shooter where shooting things feels so good.  The guns all feel unique, are animated authentically, like its actually a person handling the weapon not some high speed robot... looking at you COD.  The characters run at what I'd consider a normal speed, not 50mph, and there's no jetpacks or double jumps either.  Im not saying all that to imply that the game takes itself too seriously because it absolutely doesnt.  Its campy AF...  And the Gore, ohh my the gore.  Its amazing.  Shooting zeds is like nothing else, they break apart, get knocked back, explode, and react to everything you throw at them, all completely uniquely.  The moment to moment gamplay just feels right.Neg -All that said, its not perfect. Right now there IS a lack of content, but im not too worried about it.  First, the game already has a great selection of downloadable maps in the workshop, and some of them are really well done, or just straight up silly.  Second the developers have already said that they'll be adding to the game constantly, and they were really good with support for KF1 so Im willing to believe them.  What I'd like to see is more bosses, right now there's only 2, I'd like to see at least 4.  I'd also like some of the perks to get some extra weapons, for the most part I do think there are plenty of weapons in the game, but certain perks seem more fleshed out than others at the moment.  Then as I mentioned earlier, getting the last few levels on a perk takes too long as it stands. The only other complaint i might have is that its a little too easy to get caught up on minor things in the enviroment.  Trying to run, and getting caught on a rearview mirror, or some desk having sticky corners, getting caught of the edge of a door.  Pretty minor but it gets annoying when your surrounded and some unseen thing is stopping you from fleeing.Should you buy this game? Yes! Its fun as hell, especially with friends, but its even good with randoms.  So far the community seems nice, and people are generally helpfull when you ask.  I havent witnessed anything too toxic yet.  This game will only get bigger and better with new content, and there is already mod support!8.5/10"
76561197988242508,Recommended,232090,27790267,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,IvanTzar,"Fun co-op FPS-shooter. In other hand, simple wave-shop-wave-untill boss -game. But in that category one of  the best.Quite similar as KF1, in addition there are some basic monster added and old monsters have learned some new tricks. Also in difference between KF1 and 2 monsters ""upgrade"" when changing waves (ex. normal clots start running).Nice variety of classes, some familiar from KF1 but some new ones too. Exp. system feels less grinding than KF1, thanks to more common ways to earn XP compared to rigid class-based ones in KF1 (ex. support class welding). Graphics and music are great upgrade, and they play well.If you already own KF1 this is big upgrade and will take KF1´s place nicely. If new to game, and you like to shoot some baddies with other ppl (in harder levels playmates are mandatory) this is fun and light game with well made shooting action."
,Recommended,232090,28025259,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hello Cabbage,"Having been an early backer of this game, I can say it has grown into one helluva a shooter...  Dare I say; one of the best co-op games ever.The early perks/class unlocks were mediocre at best, so having come back to this a couple weeks back, I was pleasantly surprised to see that it had pretty much all been redone for the much better.Think of the most chaotic parts of L4D, the most fun parts of Evolve, and weapons from DOOM, CoD, TF2, and Shadow Warrior and you're on the right track.The only downside I've found is the 2 different boss fights -- it could've used another 1 or 2 by the time it was released, but since the 2 they have are so much fun and challenging, it's not a big detractor.  There are a solid number of maps and the community keeps adding more, so there's plenty of environments to enjoy, but it would be nice to have more than just Survival mode.  The devs did mention that was in the works, so that's something I'm looking forward to, but that being said, the game is good for 1-3 games in a row at the most before you need a break.One of my ultimate favorite things about KF2 is that it's one of the very few co-op games that you can play with 5 of your friends.  Why 6-player (or more) co-op is so rare, I don't know, but 6-player co-op is a very welcome change to modern titles.It was worth my Early Access purchase, and it's even  more worth it at the current price.  I'd give it a solid 8.5/10."
76561197960506705,Recommended,232090,28035462,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Snerk,"If you liked the first this has continued to improve on the first, with more to come.If you've not tried yet, simply put this is by far the best horde shooter."
76561198181237341,Recommended,232090,30011937,Posted: 18 February,all,L@G | Jannas,"Excellent game. Much good, very wow, so action"
,Recommended,232090,31465703,Posted: 30 April,all,Dr. Feel Good Inc.,"Great game to chill on or if you have a few friends, invite them to play with you, then the fun is even better."
,Recommended,232090,27140281,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Michael,"Graphics are amazing, gameplay is fast-pasted and full of action and best of all its a multiplayer game (up to 6 players)Getting together with your friends and pick up this game for a great experience."
,Recommended,232090,27441089,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,darkslayer208,One of the best co-op shooter I have played since borderland.The graphics is  really good if you playing it at ultra or high settings.If I were to rate this game in its current sate I will give it  8/10 because it lack content for  now but I think the devs will provide new mode nad maps in near future.
,Recommended,232090,27458740,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Owl,This game has brought fun and vidya back to my small group of autistic internet friends after having spent many years asleep in slumber after playing too much of kf1.ty tripwire
76561198046624197,Recommended,232090,27647638,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Vaati,"Killing Floor 2 is a game i really enjoy playing. I have played Killing Floor 1 to an certain extend, about 60 h, but i never got to the difficulties Suicidal and Hell on Earth. So i can not compare the ""late game"" experience of these two games and i will not compare Killing Floor 2 with its predecessor.KF2 is an intriguing game, which can delivier an horrifying experience, atleast the first hours, where you are learing the game and emerging yourself in the apocalyptic France filled withTerror andZEDs. Of course after 100h of play the horrific experience loses itself, which is normal and not the fault of the game, because you just know the game through and through.The games graphic is goregeouspun intended. The difficulty rise from Hard to Suicidal is pretty rough, which is a very good thing, so you still have a challange after hundreds of playtime. For Suicidal and Hell on Earth you either need very good individual players or a group of friends who also should bring a certain level of expertise.KF2 is a good balanced game, and they try to adjust every class and ZEDs after every update or the developing team sees that something is too strong or too weak. hint firebug hintThe only negative thing for me is the loading time on the first start. It takes for me about 3-4 minutes (KF2 is not installed on my SSD so it might be shorter if it would be).KF2 is all in all a great game and I can only recommend it."
,Recommended,232090,27920497,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Alex,i'm writing this for a badgegame is pretty cool tho
,Recommended,232090,27926235,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Iren,Best Game Ever
,Recommended,232090,27977174,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Marcuz,killing floor 2i love the badass weapons well some of themthe maps are lovely and nice some are big and smallgood ♥♥♥♥ing awesome soundtrackit can get bloody gorythere are cosmetics items but i dont buy them you can get some for free it rare really if you finish a match chances are it could be a weapon or cratethe Zed are much more badass killers and more different looksit fun playing with other players well depends what level they are oni been playing this since it was in beta it was better in that timethere some Balancing issues in this game and it takes lots of time leveling up more than a year if you can handle thatit hard to love this game if you enjoy it but to me it feel differenti feel this game needs to improved more and needs fixing a bit i just dont know if i love it or hate it hard to put a word around itlooks for guide to help you it help me take down bigger bad Zedi give this game 8/10 always watch you back
,Recommended,232090,28024370,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,csk32below,My favorite part of this game is the soundtrack. I am a huge metal guy and a big fan of Demon Hunter. The soundtrack is so perfect for shredding through zombies. The gameplay is so good! There are plenty of maps and zombies. The game is also updated a lot and new stuff is added all the time. The gore is fantastic. I highly recommend this game to anybody who loves metal and killin' zambies.
,Recommended,232090,28542823,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,oмaifкingawsн,"This game is actually amazing and fun to play imo. What has killed my vibe on it lately though is I've lost all levels and XP of my perks and after doing some searching around, I see that the only solution is to ''resetstats'' of the perks in-game. What kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is that? I now have to basically start all over with my Berserker? I now have to wait until I RE-LEVEL to be able to play Suicidal and HoE again? Like what a waste of previous time I spent level'ing it up the first time. Then who's to say the perks won't somehow lose all their levels again? Then what.. I reset perk stats once more? How many times must one level a perk to 25? Where is the compensation in all of this? Cbf re-grinding perks to 25 just for them to reset back to 0 AGAIN.. and have to repeat the process."
76561198193895026,Recommended,232090,29381540,Posted: 20 January,all,pardalx3,the game doesnt look like game play... it is beter!
,Recommended,232090,29401528,Posted: 21 January,all,Flippy,"Very fun game, even more fun with Friends."
,Recommended,232090,29437229,Posted: 22 January,all,*Rubs hands in Hebrew*,game is good again
,Recommended,232090,29438597,Posted: 23 January,all,Stallz,This game is a refreshing break from other FPS games out there. Graphics are incredible and simply a game you will log back on too over and over.
,Recommended,232090,29570552,Posted: 29 January,all,Mama Kuka,"""British Rifle, german engineering - what could be better?""- Lt. Bill Masterson."
,Recommended,232090,29658389,Posted: 2 February,all,Phoenix,"I played the free weekend, had a metric-♥♥♥♥ton of fun on it, blood,guts,gore. It's an amazing combo.The gunplay is amazing, its sick."
,Recommended,232090,29883463,Posted: 12 February,all,lets sex im 9,"Alright so in short, this game is almost perfect both in casual and hardcore dedicated player viewpoints but what it really lacks is zed spawn logic andbetter perk synergy.Zed spawnpoints have been an issue since the beta of KF2 and they are yet to be fixed (maybe next update)Essentially how they work is they spawn where you're not looking and the closest they can to you,which means that 90% of the time you'll get circled by husks and sirens before you even turn aroundIn the early stages of the game a zerker emp grenade was a great combo to the gunslinger's fast high damage weapons, the commando grenades were strong enough to (almost) bring down a 6 man HoE feshpound and having multiple perks do their jobs was the key to finishing HoE or SuicidalNow all that is just absolutely gone since the sharpshooter perk can quite literally one shot any zed in the game and potentially 7 shot kill patriarch, he can freeze zeds for easy kills and the survivalist can potentially replace 3 perks at the same timeit's actually pretty fair, the sharpshooter is made to kill the big zeds and the survivalist is suposed to be jack of all trades"
,Recommended,232090,29962313,Posted: 16 February,all,That Blu Supernova(Vacation),"It's a good bloody wonderful chaotic of a game made by tripwire.Oh yeah. The ""bloody wonderful"" part is both literally and methaphorically.Punz.11/10 Bloody Singeplayer Left 4 Dead 2.11/10 LEFTT FUUR DEED 3EE CONFURRRMMMDDDD!!!!Okay it's a very cheap version of both Resident Evil 5/6 and Doom 2016"
,Recommended,232090,30283014,Posted: 2 March,all,Da Killah Genius,"I love itdifficult & fun in any way possible.  I play solo most of the time to get my skills up.10 outta 10, #Classic"
76561198123072749,Recommended,232090,30317803,Posted: 4 March,all,SPOON,"Here's what Im going to say :-This game is awesome af, if you liked the first one, I extremely recommend this one.-I didn't played the first one much, so IDK how to compare it.-It's fun to play with friends, even with your dog or cats.-Just don't play it with spiders because they will hate this game, because they will find their relatives in this game.-There's a matrix slow-mo time called as Zed time which is bloody awesome.-The graphics are beautiful and damn noice-Gameplay feels classic, and smooth as well-The most important of them all is, body dismemberment for the Zeds, that pretty satisfying to see.-Gore is LVL 9000-Variants of weapons to use.-Got awesome perks to fit your way of playing this game, there's a perk that can make you go YOLO, kill it with fire, kill steal, Michael bay, I need healing, It's high noon and ♥♥♥♥♥.-Third person animations is flawless! you can see your teammates reloading which is pretty cool.-Player customization is good, you will receive a few drops in-game if you're lucky.-Challenging bosses, but plz add moar Tripwire.Something that I don't like in this game is :-Of course, micro transactions. I found some several games that use CSGO's idea of cases and keys, and that makes me dissapointed.-Can't revive teammates, which is not a big deal, but if you're playing on a higher difficulties, your matrix skill won't help you.-Levelling up is a little grind, but they already fixed this, Ima Beta player, so I have a few Vietnam flashbacks when levelling up is super damn grind♥♥♥♥♥♥That's it, more Pros then Cons coz I love this game."
,Recommended,232090,31453471,Posted: 29 April,all,Where the fuck I am,"Big fan of the the first killing floor, the sequel is like the first game on steroids. ;D Mainly got into KF because I found cod zombies and left for dead to get boring/repetitive after a while. The amount of custom maps in kf,(1 and 2) the replayability due to having to grind to level up perks, the great community, the GORE. Wow the gore is intense in KF. The heavy metal soundtrack, the voice acting,(wayne rooney), DOSH,the guns, wow I could go on and on. I love killing floor ;D Give it a shot, if it's not TOO badass for ya, Heh."
,Recommended,232090,34771631,Posted: 6 September,all,ToastedFate,"Played the first game.. Enjoyed the heck out of it...A sequel(?) was announced. I got hyped. Pre-ordered the game. It delivered what i love about the game but with even more ultra nice details and gore(Tho it was lacking at first because duh it was early access what did i expect).Its been years since this was released and now i can finally enjoy playing it (coz i had a potato pc before)Every time i get on in this game.. It keeps giving me the ""ahh yish"" vibes every time..Tho i wish they would add new contents.. I dont care how long or how little the contents will be..I will keep supporting this game no matter what.. Love this game.. and GodBless TRIPWIRE for this awesome game.."
,Recommended,232090,34928438,Posted: 13 September,all,NoMansDream,"For some reason game takes too long to start for me , about like 5 mins .other than that the game is flawless and super fun.weird but the shooting mechanics are better than 99 percent of the FPS games out there ."
,Recommended,232090,26548914,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Jesus Chris †,Funny af!!! OOOOOOOOOOOMMMGGG
,Recommended,232090,27090452,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FriendlyZombie,"One of the best games i've ever played 10/10.Development was a bit sketchy towards the start, slow updates, bugs and balance issues. But it's now on track and looking to be a great game."
,Recommended,232090,27487666,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,pyromanen_jd,Best game for Killing Floors for the second time. 10/10 would kill more floors.
76561198109080897,Recommended,232090,27765978,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheDeRpLord,A fun zombie game that is also a good sequel.
76561198040606087,Recommended,232090,27854043,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,*Biggie Cheese Walks In*,"Love this game, only wish Bee Movie 2 would come out."
,Recommended,232090,27901524,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LongDevil,"Excellent coop horde shooter with amazing gore effects, what's not to love."
,Recommended,232090,27936674,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Turzum1,"Co-op fun.Pros:- Many classes to choose and level up- Addictive- Good optimized graphics- Enough gore and guts- Serious team play required at harder levels to complete- Custom community map serversCons:- Rank nazi players at chat- Currently only 2 different boss fights- Boss fight difficulty not in balance compared to 10 waves of trash since release version of the game. Early access was fine.- No actual player rankIn short, fun when you can play with friends. At own in public is always a lottery."
,Recommended,232090,28044708,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mechanical Bunny,What can I say.... Doom of Old slept with Left 4 Dead and had an unholy baby out of wed lock and left in the dumpster for Tripwire Interactive to find. This is Killing Floor 2. In short. Just BUY IT!
76561198000628460,Recommended,232090,28060174,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Benito Hussilini,ver nice
,Recommended,232090,28899556,Posted: 1 January,all,[ExG] cryptoccc,"It's a fun game to pick up and play occasionally!Take me for example: I work a lot so whenever I have time to game, I don't want to spend an hour getting back into the swing of things. With this game you don't have to, after a few minutes you're good to go.Good fun, with some nice perks. I potentially see it as getting better too, with devs updating it every so often. It's a nice plus to play after a couple weeks and see some new stuff added.All in all, I recommend. Thanks"
76561198134797269,Recommended,232090,29450556,Posted: 23 January,all,Harv,"I've played this game for a good bit now, and I can already say it's one of the best zombie game that I've ever played. The animations, the different types of zombies that range from different sizes and abilities, to endless amount of weapons that make you want to go back for more. The gore in this game is incredible, if you don't like gore or blood then there is a option to turn it off completely (i wouldn't personally, it's a really cool feature in the game). The graphics in this game are up to standard for a game in this era, and I'd say most computers would be able to play it. Some things to look out for before you buy this game.1.) There is no campaign. If you're the type of gamer that loves a story, this game is not for you. If you love multiplayer games that you can play with all of your friends for a whole night, I think this game might be special for you.2.) If you're the person that is like me and doesn't have a lot of friends that play this game, you might find yourself getting very bored, for me I haven't really found this problem yet, but it's something nice playing a brand knew game with your bestfriend.I think the best thing about this game is the ability to group up with 4 other people and shooting hordes of zombies, the teamwork that is needed for a succeful group is very important. For this game I would rate 9/10. I really wish that they would put a real campaign into it, even for a dlc I would buy it."
76561198126693684,Recommended,232090,29514168,Posted: 26 January,all,Mr_SMILIFACE,Amazing game
,Recommended,232090,30259215,Posted: 1 March,all,♤Slamm♤,This game is greatKill everything get dosh and kill everything againTip:Need to get the first game as well
,Recommended,232090,30267461,Posted: 1 March,all,Pyro Update,This song made me love Metal songs.Thanks Killing Floor.
,Recommended,232090,31286830,Posted: 21 April,all,DiehlOrNoDiehl,"This game is a lot of fun and I highly reccomend it to anyone who loves to just run and gun with no mercy. This game is really a beautiful piece that is well optimized and has really good graphics. This will easily blow through time and you won't know where it has gone. So for this game being flat out awesome and amazing, I'm going to rate it 5/5 stars."
,Recommended,232090,34452553,Posted: 23 August,all,Zeisyi,"This looks like the nightmares I had in my emo phase when I was a pre teen.10/10(In all seriousness, holy **** is this game bloody.)"
,Recommended,232090,35264556,Posted: 28 September,all,54slow,Was weak in early realise but now it is a very good game.
76561198067365058,Recommended,232090,27900777,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zx Raider,This is  a fantastic sequel to the first Killing Floor.
76561198003567572,Recommended,232090,27934255,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hollow tomato,The best way to describe this game is Left 4 Dead meets Call of Duty Zombie mode. Challenging in a good way and very intense!
,Recommended,232090,28055038,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ｌｅ  Ｐｅｒｖ,"While the game has had its ups and downs during development, Tripwire have been getting better at responding to player feedback. Hopefully now that the game is 'released' and the player perks are all in content updates will come a little more regularly.The game still has it's issues with balance, bugs and the underwhelming microtransaction system, but the graphics and animations are overall fantastic and the gunplay feels excellent.You'll certainly get your moneys worth out of it, especially if bought on sale."
,Recommended,232090,28067787,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[2W] Toasterific,"3gory5meyet, i had too much fun playing this game"
,Recommended,232090,28529943,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Fellcross,"Pros:Great AnimationsGreat GraphicsGreat Weapons (Hopefully they keep adding more)Fun Boss fightsDiverse enemies that get more abilities as the difficulty increasesMore Perks than KF1Customizable Clothing/Equipment (cosmetics)Cons:Only 2 Bosses at the momentA little boring soloDrops/Rewards seem very inconsistent (Win a hard match, sometimes you get nothing)  (Make only 2 waves, get a prize)Pay to open boxes with random gearAll in all a great sequel to an amazing old Mod (Killing Floor 1)If you have some friends that like blowing up enemies and showing the map with blood with cool weapons, get it."
,Recommended,232090,28629104,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Angrynato Kek Ni,i cant kill floor
76561198110344533,Recommended,232090,28844450,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,don'tpushyourfingersintoyoureyes,Great developers. Great game.
,Recommended,232090,28910741,Posted: 1 January,all,Fineas,"Good horde shooter with excelent graphics, the look and feel of the game is fantastic.It really feels like you are shooting up bodies when you fight the hoards or blood thirsty zed.And that there is more then 1 boss is a nice addition compare do the previous installment, also including the possibility to customize your character with minor cosmetic upgrades."
,Recommended,232090,29408560,Posted: 21 January,all,TheOnlyFury,"Killing Floor 2 had a ROUGH development cycle. Implementing microtransactions while in early access, two-month stretches without a single update and issues with Tripwire's organizational structure plagued KF2's development.That being said, I am changing my review today. KF2 has come a LONG way since those times. Some of the most realistic gunplay in the business, a fantastically innovative gore-mapping system and interesting class progression and character customization make KF2 a must-have for any FPS fan."
76561198142812528,Recommended,232090,29536012,Posted: 27 January,all,AaTrez,There isn't a floor trying to kill you.You aren't killing a floor.But there are floors.And lots of killing.10/10
76561198116309709,Recommended,232090,30032615,Posted: 19 February,all,Shpee,Eyyyyy that's pretty good
76561198156622672,Recommended,232090,30660888,Posted: 21 March,all,GOODVIBES,"This is a really fun game and i often find myself coming back when ever they add a new update. Great game, even greater devs"
76561198105430566,Recommended,232090,30702137,Posted: 24 March,all,Hastur,Game is great. i reccomend it.Anytime this game is free to play for a few days toxic♥♥♥♥♥♥heads flood in though.
76561198008102911,Recommended,232090,30909826,Posted: 2 April,all,tatteeurheavyisanorexic,If you're a gorehound or gunny and you don't have this game yet then you must be pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,232090,35185833,Posted: 24 September,all,Rawr,"I'm not sure why I'm writing a review now. Let's assume I'm bored.I bought KF2 when it was first available and, as a die hard KF1 fan, I was initially a bit disappointed as it seemed more like revolution than evolution. However, it has since matured really nicely into a proper successor to the first game and is now an even more enjoyable romp to play with friends and strangers alike. It's nice to see that a lot of the excellent community spirit from the first game has carried over to the second.It's a mindless shooter with no real plot and no real objective outside of killing everything that moves. I'm not complaining at all, that's exactly what it's supposed to be and does it better than any other game of its genre."
76561198169396597,Recommended,232090,35343134,Posted: 30 September,all,Game Over Man!,Love it best zombie game!
,Recommended,232090,26237125,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Eardane,"My review compares Killing Floor 2 to Left 4 Dead 2 as those are the two leading titles in zombie fps and I imagine many people who are interested in Killing Floor 2 came here as a result of playing Left 4 Dead 2 and other similar zombie and or fps titles.Killing Floor is the ONLY Zombie FPS that competes with the Left 4 Dead franchise.I break PVE FPS games down into 4 basic categories of rating -Enemies - (Quality and realism of design)Weapons - (Quality and realism of design)Gameplay - (Overall control, range of available abilities and different strategies for gameplay)Storyline - (Effective implimentation of stories and scenarios that develop and progress in a way that does not lose the players interest)You could argue Killing Floor 2 is better in 3/4 categories: enemies, weapons and gameplay are all superior to that of Left 4 Dead 2.  Killing Floor has more weapons and they're more realistic and detailed.  Killing Floor has more realistic looking zombies that are more cringe worthy and gross as well as more overall gore and blood without being tacky about it. Finally, the play style of Killing Floor can range from as simple as Left 4 Dead to very complicated with a requirement for refined strategy to stay alive.  With fast reflexes and some FPS experience you can play Left 4 Dead on its hardest difficulty without much need to learn or adapt, on the hardest difficulty of Killing Floor it doesn't matter what your skills are you have to learn and refine a strategy to staying alive which often means working in cooperation with and relying on teammates who also must know the strategies and be good at FPS. This gameplay aspect is a big + for Killing Floor as it adds a scaling difficulty to the game which entices people to grind play the game and build groups etc for end game/high skill content. Left 4 dead is majorly void of that dynamic.Left 4 Dead only wins in the storyline category with their campaign style scenarios built into the levels you really get an unmatched feeling of being in a zombie apocolypse."
,Recommended,232090,27745725,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,「mango」,Really stressed out and feeling like you wanna kill someone? This game is for you!!!!!!
76561197968500699,Recommended,232090,27758493,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Franklin,its good
,Recommended,232090,27948265,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kythan [Ceresoft],"Let me start by saying that I didn't intend to write this review as I feel the games quality speaks for itself. However having purchased it the day the EA started, I was on ground zero when the somewhat irrational hatred and minor trolling of this game started and recently noticed a negative review that boiled down to ' This game is fantastic but EA OMG WTF BBQ! '. To try and balance out this odd reaction I am going to go into length and address some of the hate with some common sense and some facts. It's up to you to chose to read it but the TL;DR is that this game has been consistently fantastic and has grown into a decent successor to the original.Counter Hate:1. EA Length- The game was in EA for 19 months. Compared to other titles that is a standard amount of time allowing for staff changes at some intervals.2. EA Launch State( EA Done Right ) - It is often complained that when Tripwire announced that Killing Floor 2 was going to be Launched in Early Access and that it would be ' Done right ' that that would imply anything from having the game out faster to there being no bugs and that tripwire failed the community by not releasing the game fast enough. However, when the EA launched it did so will multiple levels, multiple perks and a fully working core game. Contrast this with many other EA titles on Steam. The difference is night and day. You were able to play KF2 straight out of the gate allowing the dev to steadily improve and add perks, levels and so on. When you purchase an EA game on steam you have to expect to run into issues you normally wouldn't have to deal with in a fully released product. As far as I am concerned I have thoroughly enjoyed the EA time and feel that they more than fulfilled this promise.3. Micro Transactions- During the EA Micro Transactions were added into game. Initially with very limited cosmetics however over time this has been expanded to include crate drops etc. Now, as far as I can tell, there seem to be three different hate groups on this subject. Those that believe that Micro Transactions are fine in a full release but not EA. Those that believe Micro Transactions are fine in a full release but not a highly priced full release and those that believe Micro transactions are never ok.Micro Transactions are everywhere. They have become a fairly common thing in gaming and like it ( CS:GO ) or hate it ( Mostly any other game ) they seem to be here to stay. The EA addition of MT's happened about 7 months into development and to this date provides only cosmetic changes that also have a chance of dropping for free during gameplay. As far as MT's go this is a pretty decent and standard approach. They had a solid playerbase and provided MT's to those players. At no point in the game does having a particular skin improve your gameplay or have any affect what so ever. This issue comes down to choice and to me the choice seems simple. If you don't approve of MT's then do not purchase any skins. Let them drop by chance. I believe black listing a game for adding in Micro Transactions that do not affect gameplay is a little daft. But, as I said, it depends on your stance.4. Vs- This one baffles me. A fair few people in the community hate that a new game mode was added to the game. The main concept and mechanics of the game were nailed down early on in development and by the time Vs was added the traditional Killing Floor gameplay was solid, save tweaks and bugs ( EA ). The Vs mode ( Player controlled Zeds vs Player controlled Humans ) had balancing issues ( EA ) but, again, was not forced upon players but rather is an option. It was an often requested mode for the original Killing Floor and is an enjoyable addition to KF2.5. The Devs don't listen / Work on X,Y,Z- During EA the devs were often accused that they were not listening to the community. This is a problem in most game communities. The devs have acknowledged that while they do answer questions not everyone receives the answer. To combat this, as well as reiterating their views and answers on frequent live streams they also have a development schedule that shows where they are putting their work into. In my view they have gone beyond trying to accommodate the community and are very open with what is in the pipeline.The Love:1.This game is rad. Its a savage and bloody mess of lovely graphics and fluid gameplay. Equally easy to jump into a quick game before work or chain up a long stretch of gut ripping madness! I was a huge fan of Killing Floor and am a huge fan of KF2. The community can be a bit brittle and daft at times but the vast majority just want to enjoy the game!2.The company itself has a pretty decent track record and supported the previous Killing Floor for years with additional content, both free and DLC. You can tell that this was a passionate project for them and to my mind they have been very connected and open with the community. Sitting in Live Streams and watching them effortlessly answer the bizarre demands of some of the community shows their commitment.3.Full disclosure. I have played KF2 since the first day of EA and as soon as I could I purchased the Metro Police Officer Skin from the MT store for like £4. Do I regret it ? Hell no! I look like a policeman now!4.Nothing beats hitting reload just before Zed Time hits and you slow motion throw your empty magazine into the face of a charging Fleshpound!5.The sound design and music are spot on. The community complained about the sound the starting pistol made when fired and Tripwire reworked it. ( And rightly so, it sounded like an empty plastic bottle hitting a slab of Gammon! )6.The use of Perks in this game are far better than the original. Progression feels solid and the rewards are actually useful.7.Gameplay swings wonderfully from gliding around one shotting Zeds with ease to soiling yourself as you run past the corpses of your team mates while being chased down by Fleshpounds.8.Seriously just play it. I mean if you don't like it just get a refund but if you enjoy FPS action and plenty of limb ripping madness then hop on in!Disclaimer: you may disagree on my views ( I am counting on it, really ) and that's cool! Because you are handsome and life is good! Take care champ ; )"
,Recommended,232090,28992163,Posted: 3 January,all,Hyper Demon,Well damn.
76561198285497983,Recommended,232090,29042532,Posted: 5 January,all,Zcylla,i cant level up my characters.  i always go back to lvl 0.... why?? ;(
,Recommended,232090,29074528,Posted: 6 January,all,vaporchestrub,play gamedo matchdie in the first second in gamewhycause boss round10/10 would get rekt again
,Recommended,232090,29408909,Posted: 21 January,all,Im Sleep,"The most fun I've had with a game in recent memory. Its hard but it doesnt feel like im ever getting BSed.  Classes are all fun, weapons all feel great, gameplay feels great.  Super hyped to put more time into it."
,Recommended,232090,29598035,Posted: 30 January,all,A BATHING APE,This is the best of survival zombies xD
,Recommended,232090,29695467,Posted: 4 February,all,alkatraz604,Endless fun
76561198161095993,Recommended,232090,30669369,Posted: 22 March,all,SORRY NOT SORRY,"Nice game to spend the time with friends, although need more game modes♥♥♥♥ing HUSK!"
,Recommended,232090,30691105,Posted: 23 March,all,Eateroftheworld,"I played the crap out of Killing Floor, along with my cousin and brothers. It was easily our multiplayer game of choice for just donking around. Now when KF2 came out it was really lacking compared to the previous game, however that is no longer the case.The updates to the game have made it a solid replacement for the old game, especially in my mind since they added the fraking firebug incendiary pistols FINALLY!There are more classes and the perk system is much improved over the first game.Don't forget it looks and plays a hell of a lot better than the first game did.And if you have some extra money to blow you can buy skins for weapons and characters to make you perty.This is a game best played with friends you can voice chat with as you will not have time to text chat while you are racing around. However with that being said I still play it alone all the time or with random pub matches because its just that fun, and it does take time to lvl the characters up so you have to put that time in somewhere.Theres really no reason the play the first one now, so just wait for a sale and pick up this game when you can, as it is worth the $10-15 buck price and the savings will give you some money to spend on cosmetics if you so desire."
,Recommended,232090,30702733,Posted: 24 March,all,Aiwen,10/10
,Recommended,232090,30853783,Posted: 31 March,all,-♥♥ ValoR ♥♥-,"One of the best games I've played so far.Many perks or classes to try out.A good range of zombies, (despite the 3 that look so alike and are basically the same)The game gets more intense as more waves go by.Unique zombies as well! Hope they add more in.The weapon range is quite uniqe and good as well, lack of crosshair can be annoying but once you get used to it then everything will be fine.If you get bored of one set and perk you can try a completely different one!Boss zed's are annoying o3o(especially that ♥♥♥♥♥ that runs and heals)TL;DRPros-Good difficultyPretty balancedPerk systemWeapon rangeMaps are quite uniqueGreat time killerMusic is also pretty greatAtmosphere of most maps are thrillingCons-AI Can sometimes get derpy and not decide between which door to exit/enter from (It happens rarely but seen it)The Versus mode is quite ehh tbh. Could be better.Drop system for skins imo is lame. (Since as I've researched it's one drop per day, and not about the amount of matches you play.)Other than that the game is quite solid."
,Recommended,232090,30867520,Posted: 31 March,all,JeyCee,"This game is bloody awesome! The enemies/zeds in the game may look creepy looking but they can be killed with no sweat...unless you have a swarm coming after you, you're gonna have a hard time protecting yourself :P The game is really fun to play with friends plus you can grind your way up on the classes you play as in the game. There are of course DLCs and stuff but those can be earned if you keep playing. I wouldn't really recommend buying skined weapons or cosmetics since you're already having fun playing the game and in my opinion, I see no point in buying their DLCs. The graphics and gameplay are awesome. The bosses are fun to go up against with your team. Overall, I give this game a 8.5/10 :D"
,Recommended,232090,31373319,Posted: 26 April,all,Obuto.UK,"If you do not own this game I will hunt you down and eat your cat, if you do not own a cat I will buy you one and then eat it. #savethekitty's"
76561198260324726,Recommended,232090,31623283,Posted: 8 May,all,TaseStalker,"Good old killing floor game, going to the next step with new game mechanics, improvments and features making this game totally different to the first one.There are a few things that i find them usefull in killing floor:1. sprinting ( but this can go the same in kf1 with the knife running )2. bashing ability ( finally we can get those smelly buggers out of our way )The only sad part in kf2 is we can no longer insult players, calling them a gormless tossersHopefully they will add objective mode in the next updates ( campaign isnt necessary )Overall the game is great."
76561198152310313,Recommended,232090,34808766,Posted: 7 September,all,#ZERO,good game all around would recommend With Friends
76561197974058108,Recommended,232090,35458775,Posted: 3 October,all,Ragnhilder,"This is the best game on Steam, ever. Tons of replayability! Perfection at its finest!"
76561198009067007,Recommended,232090,35480644,Posted: 4 October,all,Taimen,that feeling when you aggro the fleshpound and you know you ♥♥♥♥ed up
76561198055321103,Recommended,232090,25368043,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,StarPlatinum,A absolutely fantastic game now after the recent update and this is by far my favorite horde type survival.
,Recommended,232090,26235488,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,[SUN] Dust038,"Background: I have played the First Killing Floor.Combat Mechanics: Ah the glory of floor based zombie shooting mayhem. Team play is key in surviving the harder difficulties. You choose a role that really does do a great job at defining your Role on the field, its not just a gun choice as your abilities of you class define what you bring to the table as a Team Player. Guns and your typical survival melee weapons with a few exotic choices like Katanas, and a mobile version of the magnetic saw thrower from Wild Wild West.Social Mechanics: Grab a couple friends and get in there. Communication with your team is what wins the day here. Money sharing, gun retrieval on death.Final Thoughts: Major graphical improvements over KF1, more class choices, and a super responsive Development Team."
76561198013753696,Recommended,232090,27082622,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheMainMan,"I've played Killing Floor in all its forms since it was just a mod for UT2004 and Killing Floor 2 with its updated graphics is addictive.With the exception of the atrocius ""zedconomy""."
76561198036030377,Recommended,232090,27759611,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The Dial-up Ninja,"Great game, first game in a long time I have played online with (good player base)Good casual and competitive play."
,Recommended,232090,29719499,Posted: 5 February,all,ImaDefender,"Welcome, dear Reader!Killing Floor 2 (hereinafter referred to as KF2) brings us to the new level of CO-OP survival horrors. For both, the fans of vanilla KF and the newbies in this fantastic world, KF2 gives many opportunities to be dangerous, be helpfull, be fearless, be the best!Here U can find totally unique classes (U can't replace any of them to another - each one is critically vital), a large number of various weapons (amazing and agreeable for each class), awesome maps (I can't even imagine how much efforts and time their development takes) and amazing metal genre soundtrack.In addition to vanilla KF features KF2 contains 3 extra classes: SWAT's a worthy representative of crowd control group, Gunslinger is one of the best big ones' killer and Survivalist, which is one my favourite classes - flexible & multitask. In KF2 U can also try an absolutely new to KF game mode, VS Survival, which is a PvP version of original Survival mode and will be partly familiar to L4D2 (Left 4 Dead 2 abbreviation) players. Moreover, it's been also introduced new zeds, weapons, a dual perk weapons feature, emotes and it will be continued.For Steam fans KF2 has its trading cards, backgrounds and emoticons.Hope U will enjoy this game and have a lot of fun and CO-OP work with Ur friends or strangers. Only CO-OP! Otherwise,YOUR SQUAD WILL BE WIPED OUT!"
,Recommended,232090,30183270,Posted: 25 February,all,Circlez2001,"In killing floor 1~Fleshpound Hell on Earth = one hit and you diedIn killing floor 2~Fleshpound Hell on Earth = Spin to kill you,and spin spin till you died11/10 cant kill the floor"
76561198033232221,Recommended,232090,30265255,Posted: 1 March,all,>BE_CUTE<,ZED TIME AND SIN CITY GUNPORN.SLAY 10 HORDES AND BOSS. REPEAT.
,Recommended,232090,30347715,Posted: 5 March,all,FrankDaTank1218,"Repetitive, but what it repeats is very highly distilled, polished, high quality chaotic shooting, although good teamwork can temper the chaos and it feels good when teamwork allows you to get a handle on the situation. Despite surface level repetition and merely modest content variety the game held my interest for nearly 40 hours, and I still sporadically play it. I can't see it regularly holding anyone's attention for more than my 40 hour mark, but if you like frantic shooters you'll always have the urge once in awhile to hop on for a quick bit of carnage.The gore and general feedbback for damaging enemies is fantastic, even if such things for larger enemies aren't as dynamic as the smaller ones. The graphics are great and save for activating the enthusiast ""NVIDIA Flex"" Physx powered super gore effects (physics based fluid blood and entrails!) the game is quite easy to run. The attention to detail on the weapons are insane (as a gun nut this may thrill me more than most) as the animations are smoothly recorded at over 200fps to allow absolutely smoothness even during periodic slow motion bouts (caused by a system that kicks bullet time at admittedly unclear points when someome does something impressive).Overall not the most varied game but the difficulty and teamwork give it surprising depth and it is fun in the most classic sense of a videogame, where you can jump on for simple bouts of self contained gameplay sessions, have some fast entertainement, maybe bring in some friends for some company, and be done in as little as 20 minutes if you wish."
,Recommended,232090,30418737,Posted: 9 March,all,"Genji ""YORHASURGENCY"" Kiryuuin",Brexit-joke-that-went-too-far Simulator
,Recommended,232090,30450410,Posted: 11 March,all,"Samson, Sturmgeschützfabrikant",Great coop game. Really fun
,Recommended,232090,30567564,Posted: 17 March,all,Muawiyah V.,GAME ZOMBIE BEST
,Recommended,232090,30681526,Posted: 23 March,all,Baba_Jaga,"It's basically the hardcore version of L4D2.You have more than 6 perks to choose from where each of them are specialized on their own field:if you wanna roast some zeds grab the Pyro, if you wanna feed them with lead then grab the Commando (or Support).Of course you are not fixed to your perk-weapons so you could also use let's a non-perk shotgun while you are playing the Sniper.The music in this game fits into the atmosphere so well, especially for someone who is not hesitated listening to Metal almost every day *lol*.What also fits in very well is the gore aspect. The devs were really creative and yes you will see it A LOT.One aspect that kinda nags is the fact that I get connected sometimes to hosts where I have a ping of 300+.It is likely that it could also happen to you, but still this game is worth any penny :)!"
,Recommended,232090,30871279,Posted: 1 April,all,Ketut,This game is basically Call of Duty Zombies on steroids.
76561198346182173,Recommended,232090,31620411,Posted: 8 May,all,AmandaPanda,Great game. Different classes to choose from and co-op is fun.
,Recommended,232090,33234309,Posted: 4 July,all,TheRoyalKingDazz,"It's like COD Zombies on MegaSteroids. Never liked the amount of time Zombies took though, An intense amount of time to get to a high round for nothing. This game has different skill trees, Different levels of difficulty and short, Medium and long round settings. There's a Buttload of weapons to choose from, And plenty of badass maps. And if you want to be in financial debt for the rest of your life, There are skins for your weapons. You can dismantle the items you get for material, And craft a skin which costs no money, But quite a bit of play time. This is no problem though, Because this game will leave you wearing adult diapers for a week, And drinking your own urine so that you don't have to leave. 10/10 - My life is ruined."
,Recommended,232090,33246374,Posted: 4 July,all,tappi,cooler then kf1 and kf1 was cool/10
76561198016245211,Recommended,232090,34463818,Posted: 24 August,all,MR.BEAR,"I like this game, a better grapich than the first one. The classes are unique and i like especially the ""Berserker"". I like this class because this class slashing the Zed like a crazy man. In my opinion, i think u should buy this game. Especially if u love gore and zombie games.10/10 *would beaten to dead by scrake XD"
,Recommended,232090,27145206,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TopHaT,"This game as well as Killing Floor 1 are the best wave-based horde shooters I've come across, and always have me coming back for more as the challenge is always there."
,Recommended,232090,27427869,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,uphillorc227,"Decent sequel, but updates happen not so frequently, expecting from devs to fix it in future"
,Recommended,232090,27589787,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,anxious mofo,"People dislike this game for Tripwire's half♥♥♥♥♥and dubious attitude during the whole EA stage. While I kind of identify myself as one of them (I mean seriously how can anyone look at the rushed 10th class Survivalist without disappointment and cringe), I have to admit that the game still offers lots of fun for the price and is amazingly fluid and polish.If a game's future/potential is crucial to you, then probably avoid this one because the dev is so unproductive that it took them several monthes on average to ship a class, 4 weapons, a map and some number tweaks, and even that is often mixed with questionable decisions and results (google zed resistance update in case you're curious). That being said, the game has been in this good shape since SWAT update (RIP Firebug tho) and I'd rather hope they don't rush out anything to ♥♥♥♥ it up."
,Recommended,232090,27598280,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,penguinjay,"I love this game. It is a fresh take on Zombies, with very fulfilling weapons, and an end goal/boss who you might be lucky enough to face. Teamwork is everything. The game is very deep when it comes to collaboration. Grab your friends and suit up, I'll see you on the Killing Floor!"
,Recommended,232090,28057510,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,bizzyJEDI,"I bought this game while back and was blown away with the blood/gore eye candy, sure updates to this game can be slow, but they are good updates and the visuals are outstanding... I love this game so much that I created servers for the community to play on 24/7...  The ""Bizzy Playhouse"" servers host more than 300 maps on all our 8 KF2 servers... Bring your friends and have a KICK♥♥♥♥♥time..."
76561198019573654,Recommended,232090,28069366,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ItAwesome!,Kill zeds but with better graphics
,Recommended,232090,28859310,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kiizle,"Where to start.... Ahh... it's a great game and a fun experience! Here are the pro's and con's in my opinion.Pro's+Gore, gore and more gore+Good animations+Runs pretty well even on low level computer's if you tune down the graphics a bit+Great Graphics+Dosh!Con's-Big characters are kind of bullet sponges, but don't ruin the experience-PvP Zed players have a little to much health in my opinion, and can be as aggressive as they likeOther than that it's pretty much a solid experience11/10 - Bullet hole's don't appear when shooting surfaces"
,Recommended,232090,35074571,Posted: 19 September,all,$teelballa,Beautiful
,Recommended,232090,35452557,Posted: 3 October,all,Hokai,"One of the best Player vs computer games i have ever played.you basicly can play with your friends and survive waves against all kinds of zombies and whithin the rounds you replace and buy new weapons and make your loadout even stronger and better until you get to the last boss fight that sometimes requires alot of effort from the player.Very fun and cool with friends, i definitly recommend it."
76561198026576780,Recommended,232090,27627828,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,♥ Karn KaK ♥,This game is so much fun !!!! if you like Killing Floor then you will like Killing Floor 2 too :3
,Recommended,232090,27629728,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[YA] Nathan,Great!
76561198026648981,Recommended,232090,27831242,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,t dog,♥♥♥♥in awesomely fun game 9/10. zed mode is fun af
,Recommended,232090,27956794,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SnowKnows,Bat♥♥♥♥♥♥crazy....you'll love it
76561197989501870,Recommended,232090,28565858,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,G.m4n [MDP],"Killing Floor 2 is the current cutting edge of zombie survival, bar none."
,Recommended,232090,29652563,Posted: 2 February,all,Ishanku34,Loads of Money and Loads of Blood! 10/10
76561198001544580,Recommended,232090,30693820,Posted: 23 March,all,Zombie,"Good game, good community, good custome servers. You won't be sad you bought it."
,Recommended,232090,31538864,Posted: 4 May,all,Skuick,Almost one of the best zombie game !
,Recommended,232090,35173374,Posted: 24 September,all,𝓚𝓲𝓽𝓼𝓲𝓴,Kill everything that moves. Thats all you need to do.
,Recommended,232090,27156168,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[ESEF] Bornlast,"""Killing the floor never been so much fun with slow motion seeing the floor dies"""
76561198028192923,Recommended,232090,27426595,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,cosmic schmuck,is ok
,Recommended,232090,27960305,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,yowawowa,krov kishki
76561198261061832,Recommended,232090,28049016,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,anthonytbone74,Love the game fun fast pace non stop fun
,Recommended,232090,28178254,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Enthusiast,Fantastic game loved the first Killing Floor and happy to see Tripwire doing a great job on keeping up with the community and updates.
,Recommended,232090,29618340,Posted: 31 January,all,BRAHN,Blood
,Recommended,232090,30362304,Posted: 6 March,all,J o o e Restar,"Well, i guess the ""Viscera Cleanup Detail"" Guy hasA LOTwork to do."
,Recommended,232090,30533988,Posted: 15 March,all,Blade Phoenix,Just a fuster cluck of amazing gunplay and coop. amazing soundtrack to boot
,Recommended,232090,30565186,Posted: 17 March,all,Dr.strangelove,great fun even better than killing floor 1!
,Recommended,232090,27749419,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,hmb,"10 Perks/Classes to choose from, very fun maps, hyper intensive combat, and its a bloody as hell. What isn't there to love. Each wave always getting harder and you have to make on the spot decisions whether to hold out or run. No mercy other than your teammates who will either watch your back or will flee and leave you die in the name of self preservation. This game earns its praise among my collection of fun co-op games to play with friends."
,Recommended,232090,27874021,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LunaKiller,"""Back to it, mes amis"" brainwashed me."
,Recommended,232090,28048156,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sploof,"I bought this game fairly early in development, when the current update was adding the Volter Manor map. Early on this game was in a pretty rough state with updates being months apart for small amounts of content being added. However, as of the last few updates, Tripwire Interactive has been on point with listening to the community and for the most part, fixing all of the issues that tainted this otherwise amazing game.This game is a great example of a sequel taking the formula of the original game and improving on it to better the experience. Compared to the first game, the overal pacing of the game is much faster. Also instead of 7 perks that have scaling bonuses across 6 levels, we now have 10 perks with 2 choosable skills every 5 levels spread across 25 levels total. There are now two alternating bosses (50/50 chance) with a possible third one on the way.Some Pros-The new classes are fun to play as well as the returning ones(other than Firebug lol)The official maps are very well optimisedJust like KF1, there is an active custom map communityThe weapons and ZED time animations are gorgeousSome Cons-Cosmetics no longer come in packs and must be either found via random drop, opened from a case/crate(USB flash drive in game), or bought from the Steam MarketOfficial maps are generally much smaller than KF1 maps, though TWI has said they may be adding larger onesThe Trader Pod doesn't shut up between wavesOverall I think if you liked the first game and don't mind it being faster paced, this game is a sure buy."
,Recommended,232090,28076751,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Er3.Dr4n,"The plot makes no sense, the Zed monsters have little to no intelligence, but that doesn't matter when the amazing metal soundtrack is playing. Despite how absurd the game's premise is, the weapons are still based in realism and shooting feels tight.The best therapeutic mindless-mayhem shoot-everything game. Ever."
,Recommended,232090,28658322,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,The Duke of Sp00k,"10/10, would kill all the floors... again.Seriously though pick this game up, especially if you have lots of friends to play it with. Custom 32 man servers are so chaotic, yet so much fun."
,Recommended,232090,28993900,Posted: 3 January,all,≾{[( Ɇ J ₵ )]}≿,"Through the♥♥♥♥♥♥17 FPS I get, this game is still addictive."
76561198062032731,Recommended,232090,29044725,Posted: 5 January,all,FruitDude34,"I played a lot of the first game and this one is even better. It's a lot more fun if you have friends to play it with. Either way, still one of my favorite Steam games."
,Recommended,232090,29401564,Posted: 21 January,all,Rilamin,Not bad..  Multiplayer and you run around and shoot zombies..  Typical 1st person shooter with abilities to choose different classes and select different weapons.Nothing fantastic
76561198124719670,Recommended,232090,29593616,Posted: 30 January,all,God Emperor,"A damn fun game when you get going, especially when you get move on to the harder difficulty. A match or two a night usually satisfies the bloodlust and rage I get from my 9-5 office job.Needs more bosses though"
76561198010459093,Recommended,232090,29940442,Posted: 15 February,all,Karma Charger,"So when Killing floor 2 was released in Early access, I was severely dissapointed in the way this game was going, It felt too easy, no matter the difficulty. Back then, i didnt really have a reason to give this game a review simply because it wasnt as good as Killing floor 1. But I did give it a chance and tried it after release. This review will be a comparison between the two games.The good!!!!Graphics: it is beautiful. It has been a really great upgrade. from just the visual looks to the gore.The gameplay: has been improved aswell. After the latest update introducing the newest Zeds, It has started giving a challange for solo players on Suicidal and Hell on Earth. Meaning you just cant stay in one spot. you have to move around the map conserving ammo as much as possible (Dont be afraid to spray into the harder zeds)Weapons: Now this was the biggest concern when the game was in early access. Majority of weapons there wasnt really any point to use. the cheaper weapons were better than the more expensive. Now, the more expensive weapons are far superior in the later waves compared to the cheaper weapons.Classes: There is plenty of classes in this game. Some people like and some dont, Demo class has got its old Risk reward style of gameplay back from Killing floor 1. Where you can badly get hurt from your own grenades just to kill the zeds. At first, it was very dissapointing, Now since the m16+203 combo came back in, its a great class. All classes are very well balanced to work with eachother in a team.Blood: Blood, Lots of blood! xDThe bad! :(Running: I dont know if its just me, but When you start running, it feels like the game slows your running to a walk speed. you just dont feel like you are running that fast, but the animation is too quick for the speed.Zeds: Now I dont know if they adjust to your playstyle. They are good. But... if you try to get them lined up. The zeds respawn so they are closer to you, It creates a harder game, but it Kinda ruins the experiance by running around to get them lined up just for some to dissapear.maps: So This game kinda lacks maps. Mostly ones with open spaces. In Killing floor one, The most iconic map was West london, Being 2 main lines where zeds can walk down, and a downstairs area aswell. This allows the sniper class more straight lines. Even Farm in Killing floor 1 was great. Big open maps, Where you can go anywhere to hold outThis game does have a little more they have to do before its fully complete, But they are heading in the right direction, You dont have to really worry about micro transactions, Due to they dont impact the game at all. Just weapons skins.For this game i am giving it a 8/10. Some parts need to be worked on. It has really improved since it came out of early access. More content will be great, There is no DLCs yet, And at the price of $30, you cant go wrong."
76561198124560441,Recommended,232090,30195384,Posted: 26 February,all,Zanteky98,"Great game to play, played it for couple of hours getting really into it now.Amazing work"
,Recommended,232090,30697858,Posted: 23 March,all,Warrior,"A fantastic game with awesome graphics. While it is slightly repetitive, it is extremely enjoyable with teammates and the more friends you play with the more fun you will have within the game. It can be an extremely enjoyable challenge or a relaxing, spectacular gore bath depending on how you approach it. Over all, its a great game. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,232090,31058763,Posted: 10 April,all,Emiya Kiritsugu,"If you like 1st person shooters and coop gameplay vs zombie hordes then this is the game for you. There is also a VS mode where you can play as the Zeds vs players.There are 25 levels to earn with each class and many classes to choose from, like: Demolitionist, Sharpshooter (Le Snipars), Medic, Berserker (Melee), Gunslinger (Dual Pistols), Firebug (Flamethrower), Commando (Automatic rifles), Survivalist (Everything) and SWAT (SMG's).The performance of the game is amazing even on high settings, there are enough servers to choose from (you can choose the best ping servers) and play so you can always jump into action.They are working on the game and plan to implement Objective mode and Endless mode among other stuff like different bosses, different zeds, maps, guns, etc.All in all really fun game and in my opinion worth the money. I'd rate it 8/10 for now just because of the lack of content (Only survival and VS mode)."
76561198231510800,Recommended,232090,31573530,Posted: 5 May,all,Ramzy,I love this game but after a while it gets really repetitive. Needs more bosses and more maps
,Recommended,232090,35081500,Posted: 20 September,all,Mask☆DeMasque,"Quite a fun game, especially when you have friends to play it with. Gets a little repetitive though."
,Recommended,232090,35394848,Posted: 1 October,all,HomoSUCCYOUall,"A fun game, and definitely better than the first KF, which I have about 200+ hours on. This game adds new weapons, new perks, an entire new skill set that comes along with those perks, a cosmetic system that is easy to get items and will be easier in the future, and then countless hours of fun.Once the full game is out, my hours ingame will defintely rise above 150, because at THIS moment in time, the only fun thing to do in the game is to get all of your perks to max rank, and that takes a L O N G time, I definitely recommend this game if you love slaughtering zeds for hours and hours while at the same time unlocking new skills that make you more powerful.Also, sadly the max rank in this game is only 25 and to me that seems very low."
,Recommended,232090,27592131,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,I Fluttershy I,After playing Killing floor one i didnt think the game was going to be good. (didnt really like killing floor one at all). Seen some gameplay on youtube and decide to give it a shot.first- looks amazing runs amazing on an lod 2012 Asus g75vw with a 660m in it. (can play on high at 60 fps)second- ranking us is easy and actually fun.third- if you got friends its even more fun.Overall its a good looking game and runs really nice would recomend if you have never played it befor.
,Recommended,232090,27938216,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ChickenBomber,I hate siren so much 99/10 IGN
,Recommended,232090,28018871,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Omegaladon,"SHUT YOUR MOUTH AND TAKE MY DOSH!DOSH, GRAB IT WHILE YOU CAN LADS!"
76561198200952731,Recommended,232090,28050240,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Cappa,"My very first review of a Steam game, so please forgive me if i forgot to mention something. Also this is a pretty long review so ignore it if you dont like reading too much. Here are my Pros and Cons:Pros:-Insanely fun and addictive gameplay.-Zed Time (short slow motion period), makes the game so much better when you see all that gore in its splendour.-Different perks with different guns allowing you to have an overall team that can fill the weaknesses of each individual perk with the strengths of another.-Zeds getting gradually stronger every wave, allowing you to get powerful items to fight them, climaxing in a boss battle worth your time and money.-2 Bosses, each with individual strenghts and weaknesses that require a lot of teamplay and tactical preparation to defeat.-25 levels on each perk, with 2 options to improve your current perk being unlocked every 5 levels.-Being able to switch from one perk to another and configure your perks skills between waves, so that you dont start crying when someone from your team has to leave and ruins your team comp.-Good music that will put you in the mood for some brutal action.-Carefully designed official and community maps offering unique opportunities.-Different difficulties for new players to get the hang of the game and for hardcore veterans to satisfy their thirst for blood and dismemberment.-Different types of Zeds, each with different skills, strengths and weaknesses.-Many characters to choose from, each with his/her own jokes, remarks and battlecries. They can also be customised from top to bottom.-Active developer team and community, offering a variety of new content to keep you interested.-Fun boss and player character chatter, making this game less horror and more fun.-On higher difficulties some zeds have special attacks and powers, making the game much more challanging and volatile.-Great AI, very flexible, the zeds often try to outnumber you or sneak up behind and make your job harder, and they also try to find weaknesses in your position or comp and take advantage of them, sometimes succeeding and exterminating your team.-You can browse community servers or just let the game search for a server automatically based on your preferences. Also works while in a lobby.Cons:-After a while it becomes repetitive.-Not as many guns in the game for now (i think 5-6 for each perk), adding to the repetitiveness until it becomes sort of a norm or monotony.-Leveling up your perks takes a while, and it may be rewarding at the end when you get to enjoy them but until then you're stuck killing on community made perk training maps or normal ones.-Some perks are unbalanced.As you can see this game has a lot of good and a little bad, which can be improved and most likely will. Overall a great game. If you took the time reading this you should definitely buy it right now,"
,Recommended,232090,29583084,Posted: 30 January,all,Sugar Daddy,I♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 seeing zed's♥♥♥♥
76561198078099745,Recommended,232090,29859705,Posted: 11 February,all,WhiteShaz' !@[420]*& ',"I like to come back home...no matter what mood I'm in,and then i kick back pick a gun and shoot the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of anything that can stand,walk and breathe and obviously eat me...amazing graphics is my first point...and i mean...who doesn't like shooting without reason!! This is by far one of my favourite FPS games and zombie games in the world.If you buy this and don't like the game...just give up on FPS....because then honestly i don't see how you play any other FPS games.So roses are red voilets are blue♥♥♥♥ Cod...grab your doshAnd go buy Killing Floor 2"
,Recommended,232090,29910549,Posted: 13 February,all,Sckiz1,This Game is Amazing and for those who love killing monsters.Great leveling system but takes alot of grinding.Better played in groups and has workshop content access.Graphics are breathtaking and not too intensive.Great sountracksWicked levelsVicious weapons!!A must for bloodlust!5/5
,Recommended,232090,29930746,Posted: 14 February,all,Mahefaloo,"I have had some ups and downs with this game.On release, i loved it and played it a lot.then got bored due to the long release time of patches / updates.then there was the whole CONTROVERSY stage for this game (microtransactions), which i decided to skip completley and let that all blow over as personally for me cosmetic items aint♥♥♥♥♥♥in a game.It is however always fun to jump in and play a couple of matches on this.The custom maps really help it along too.Its good to see the game doing well again."
,Recommended,232090,30351083,Posted: 5 March,all,Rain csgoatse.com,"This game actually runs well,and it has that gory effect and satisfaction when you kill ZEDs.Definetly recommend it"
76561198111144783,Recommended,232090,30704122,Posted: 24 March,all,Homeless (len) K,its very good but would be funnier with friends
76561198119831825,Recommended,232090,34893299,Posted: 11 September,all,BootyBandit,Great game and very fun with friends
,Recommended,232090,27095910,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alcide,"Amazing game, if you loved the first Killing Floor be sure to check this one out"
,Recommended,232090,27495328,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Grimm,"A great follow up to killing floor 1, better in many ways while still keeping the basic feel and concepts, and it was in early access too, this is how you do not only a sequel, but early access games too, take notes game devs"
,Recommended,232090,27593178,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dizo,"awesome game , i <3 KF2"
,Recommended,232090,27675676,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Korbo,This is a review.
,Recommended,232090,27712802,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,怪 M O N S T E R 物,Its A Bloody Good Time.-So many weapons-So many gamemodes-fps gorey shoot-em-up fun-Lots of monsters-They even have a F***** FLAMETHROWER!It doesn't get any better than this.
,Recommended,232090,27765983,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mxmlln,"I've been waiting for the game to be ""released"" before reviewing it, despite it being a full and complete game for a while! In my opinion its the most fun you can have killing zombies, and it features some of the best gun play any game on steam has to offer! Weapon feel, animations, sounds, models everything is top notch. Amazingly fun game to play with friends and strangers, enough to do and to keep you challenged as well.One of my favourite FPS games for weapon feel and gunplay!"
,Recommended,232090,28415764,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,KOGISA,"Picked this up shortly after release.Never played KF1, but heard this was beast.Great game, has allot potential and is great to play with friends and have much fun.The perfekt LAN game and if you wanna kill some time while having loads of fun doing it.I recommend this to everyone looking for a good gore zombie killing game.One of the best things about it, it can take up to 6 players co-op :)"
,Recommended,232090,28441338,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ashes,So are we back at Very Positive?Okay cool.
76561197968863629,Recommended,232090,28590374,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Fire Marshall Bill,The most addicting game I have played.
,Recommended,232090,28783851,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,respookybin,"I've heard a lot of bad things about KF2, specifically during its early access stage of the game. How valid the complaints were I don't know, but I went into the game after it's full release expecting something bad. However, what I got was, in my opinion, a very good sequel to a very good game.Nearly everything has been improved, from the UI, graphics, gore, AI, weapons, music,  map design, and also the perks, as well as a few gameplay changes. The most notable changes are the blocking and parrying mechanics. initially I was put off by the parrying and blocking abilities but after playing a bit more I find that they're not necessary to use in order to win; they're a nice little utility for a player to choose to use if they need to.Now there's a total of 10 perks, each with 10 skills. You can have 5 skills at max level, every 5th level granting you 1 of 2 skills to pick from as well as every level giving you minor perk bonuses.This is probably the best change since it allows players to adjust their perks to better suit their playstyle. It's definitely given this berserker player a breathe of fresh air.The gore is also top-notch, the blood is persistent throughout the match so whatever room you hole-up in will be completely covered in blood and guts the entire game. The enemies also take visible damage when shooting or hitting them with a melee weapon, it's a very neat feature.Overall, this game took what made the original killing floor so great, and made it even better, it's what a proper sequel should do and this game does it well."
,Recommended,232090,29650840,Posted: 2 February,all,gehngsta,best
,Recommended,232090,30715049,Posted: 24 March,all,I AM THE STRONG,most of my play time has been spent just waiting for the damn thing to load
76561198057880754,Recommended,232090,30802696,Posted: 28 March,all,DANKSOULS saucy sorceress,this game is just plain fun and with all the updates it gets you always have a reason to come back
,Recommended,232090,26532215,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Ghab,"Grab a friend, grab some dosh, and have a blast."
76561198082759188,Recommended,232090,26582527,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Rooster,yes
,Recommended,232090,27254291,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,★AzD★,"One of the better arcade-style arena shooters out there. If you're a fan of killing waves upon waves of zombies accompanied by bonegrinding metal music, don't hesistate to pick this one up!"
76561198024152813,Recommended,232090,27728170,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cobalt,"Bought the day of  alpha release. Been played through  all updates from the good the bad to the down right (WTF is going on) The game has a great replay facter about it, As every match will never be the same. Great pick from the Perks listed, each challenging you to adapt your play style, However it does not live up to the older brother  KF1, let down via its simply  mechanics compared to KF1 options of eliminating Scrakes - Fleshpounds. Lack of weapons an slow update's does have a impact but is to be expected from a small company. Fantastic looking game if you have the GPU to run Flex- Gibs/Fluids with an all new looking boss plus couple new zeds to bash, you can't go wrong with this Gem especially if your fan of the first one."
,Recommended,232090,27907701,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rahful,"Good game that would have been great if the developers didn't priortize microtransactions and working on other projects. They got lazy and greedy but the end result is still fun. To elaborate, cosmetic skins akin to Counter-Strike: Global Offensive were created fairly early on while the game was still in early access.These work essentially the same as CS:GO; at the end of each game items are randomly given to the players. Crates are the most common reward and require keys to be bought from the developer in order to unlock. Furthermore, user-created maps quickly became a staple of offical game updates. Perhaps the most blatant display of laziness was the final perk release called 'survivalist' which is a pathetic rehash of the other classes. Despite all this, Killing Floor 2 is a fun cooperative FPS title. It is similar to the Left 4 Dead survival game mode with a bit more strategy and teamwork invovlved. There are a total of 10 class perks that you level up from 0 to 25, unlocking unique bonuses every 5 levels. The perk system, combined with the varierty of difficulties, results in a high amount of replayability. This is a good game, it's just really unfortunate when you consider how great the game could have been. I recultantly reccomend this game."
76561198072473280,Recommended,232090,27954289,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fish,Awesome game!Lots of fun both in multi and solo modes.
76561198010473112,Recommended,232090,28752992,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Janek,"Killing floor 2 has great graphics and very well optimized.Also there are fun and diverse classes,cool maps,however there aren't any new enemies types and 1 or 2 more boss would make the game a lot better and last rounds more interesting.Recommended if you loved the first one or you just want to have a good coop experience."
,Recommended,232090,28757172,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MamaChomsky,Great game
,Recommended,232090,29531916,Posted: 27 January,all,EdgyUsername98,"I was gonna make a joke, but honestly, this game is pretty good.Are you looking for a game to play with your friends?Do you like Left 4 Dead?Do you like upgrades and leveling up?If so, this game is for you."
,Recommended,232090,29629500,Posted: 1 February,all,Filou,"Plash, splatter, splongsh... so much gore-phys :) tends to be more campy than the first game, but still is a lot of fun. and sologames still rock :D"
76561198257674968,Recommended,232090,30265886,Posted: 1 March,all,ArCwOlF23,Just Awesome
76561198106045067,Recommended,232090,30443707,Posted: 11 March,all,Mammalainen,"Great game indeed, a little repetative but still an awesome game you should get it."
76561198180991910,Recommended,232090,30773718,Posted: 27 March,all,Tip Angellus,"really great, exciting, fun in co-operative mission"
,Recommended,232090,31044867,Posted: 9 April,all,ThePeenuts,"No words, just love the game!!! Worth my money investing for KF2."
76561198076965218,Recommended,232090,33256600,Posted: 4 July,all,Pelle,Like the first one but better!
,Recommended,232090,26586664,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Meph,"Asked someone why they were swinging at the ground, they told me that they were ""carefully dismembering a gorefast for science!""10/10 would community again"
76561198009746717,Recommended,232090,27082393,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Escaper,"left4dead was best survivor game.but now is killing floor2!various motion, combatant branch, good graphic, co-op"
,Recommended,232090,27471399,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NoAim91,Killing Floor 2 is a must have for every gamer. 10/10
76561197976725082,Recommended,232090,27726645,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,^9o0^1Juggalo_J^90o,Good co-op game fun for hours
,Recommended,232090,27841196,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MatchyHK,"Very good, always fun when coming back"
,Recommended,232090,28871357,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,kumadysk,just shooting
,Recommended,232090,29103841,Posted: 7 January,all,HaeL,"Do I recommend this game? Obviously. But I don't recommend it by much.The game runs nice and its Killing floor in a fancy new flesh, but the reasons why Killing floor 1 was so great seem to leave the grasp of killing floor 2. It lost that Older game vibe where people had to figure there own thing out.Killing Floor 1 and Killing Floor 2 is kind of like Comparing Counter Strike: Source with CS:Go.Cs:GO helps tame that Counter Strike hunger, but all the reasons you played it in the Source days seem to be non existant. Same as Killing Floor 2. Which may change over time, but who knows.Not to mention, people say this is mostly killing floor 1 with more features but its a way higher price point. so is it over priced? You be the judge of that. I'd recommend this game 100% if it goes on sale again."
76561198099477600,Recommended,232090,29148852,Posted: 9 January,all,sevcrimsonkilla,"Visuals are great. Gameplay is very smooth, like buttery smooth. The soundtrack is amazing. Great mayham to cause with the help of friends. This time it haves cosmetics to customize your character. Game plays like the first Killing Floor, but with the volume cranked to the max. 10/10 keeps me coming back."
,Recommended,232090,29896882,Posted: 13 February,all,Mr.Carl Karlson,You have a gunYou have friendsYour friends have gunsTheres some mutated clonesGo and have a great time6 beserker players out of 5
,Recommended,232090,30765961,Posted: 26 March,all,Joe_Deartay,"This game does the survival shooter genre true justice, a must play for fans of the franchise and game type. Can expand a lot on weapons and hopefully the team will continue to in the future bringing this game to it's pinnacle of fun."
,Recommended,232090,31005760,Posted: 7 April,all,Darwin,Graphics are amazing and I love the gore. 10/10 <3
,Recommended,232090,31510172,Posted: 2 May,all,Harmy,"This game has absorbed more of my time than it has any business doing. The violence is satisfying; the challenge is balanced, the in-game economy is actually decent (Other than a few item shortages, there are some things that are simply unavailable),If you like blowing heads off, this is the game for you. Grab some friends or go it alone, I personally find it satisfying either way to empty clips into these freaks.Steam workshop support tops it all off, if you get bored of vanilla maps."
76561198048257955,Recommended,232090,32396256,Posted: 13 June,all,[AUT] Tongdil,"game that keeps you coming back. lots of content updates since early access. alot of maps (regular and custom). nice variety of enemys that keep you on your toes. alot of different classes from melee to flametrower. nice soundtrack!!, the gore system looks very good with guts and gibs flying all over the place. over 200h and not bored yet. buy it now!"
76561198155598721,Recommended,232090,32567446,Posted: 19 June,all,masterBaiter,Very good game.No bugs.Worth my money!
76561198080698651,Recommended,232090,33270731,Posted: 5 July,all,Oppai Daisuki™,"nice game, but we need more than 2 bosses :("
76561198066889288,Recommended,232090,34322685,Posted: 18 August,all,Lewosch,blah blah blah can't kill floorsjust shoot♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,232090,26064350,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Midget Mafia,"Good game, pretty fun."
,Recommended,232090,26495441,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Heeble,Fleshpounds will take your breath away. Literally.
76561198017464499,Recommended,232090,27091281,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,murmeli,"Game for chill and kill.Gets a tad too repetitive in the long run.For now 8/10Would be great if devs made maps that you would have to survive from point A to point B, Then it would earn 10/10Community make this happen please."
76561198005953161,Recommended,232090,27418043,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,shadowbear1072,The game has some of the most iconic bad guys you van go up against. They leave you in pieces and you'll want more.
,Recommended,232090,27459767,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,legrando,awes0m
,Recommended,232090,27592900,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TicTacPack,Fun game with friends
,Recommended,232090,27652009,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,WolfGomez,"Killing Floor 2 in it's current state has finally exited early access and entered a full release. While there was a bit of backlash from the introduction of microtransactions, the game itself is solid.The game itself is a wave based survival game with a variety of ""zeds"" attacking each round and 10 different classes to choose from. The class system allows for different play styles and is very team oriented.If you like first person shooters and wave-based (horde style) games, this is a great find and is packed with content."
,Recommended,232090,27727116,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mooncrab,"There's really not that many floors. But I'm too distracted running away from Fleshpounds to really notice. Either way, it's pretty rad, man."
,Recommended,232090,27897318,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Psychy †,GOOD GOOD ! <3
,Recommended,232090,30116556,Posted: 23 February,all,Heathensauce,"I remade this review because the last ones were out of date and complaining about things that KF2 just fixed!Buy this game, buy it, seriously, you will love it. I dont recommend this game, I consider this game a necessity if you are a gamer.Pros:This game and everything in it. From custom maps, to the variable difficulty that always presents at least a modest challenge.Cons:Only one, this game is too awesome to exist. It might cause the universe to create a fabric of awesomality which then causes space, time, and reality to collapse into a state of awesomeness. Seriously, this could be a problem.EDIT: I would like to add only ONE actual con: I dont like how it takes so long to level your roles, I personally enjoy more of the game once I hit level 25 because it adds more versatality to the game. I wish there were more double exp events since they are so rare and last one was 3 months ago. Perhaps a double exp event at least 3 days in a month? At least? I have 130 hours and I've only gotten about 1/4 the way on leveling everything fully so that means its going to take around 400 hours to fully level all roles. This kind of ruins it for people like me who like to push myself to better difficulties but I would also like to be able to change roles when needed and more strategically.Only problem I have. This game is seriously great."
76561198300795535,Recommended,232090,30696417,Posted: 23 March,all,Sniper Rifle,loved it
76561198032009015,Recommended,232090,31028195,Posted: 8 April,all,FloatWithTheLlamas,"Amazing game, one of my all time favorites. It is skill based and rewards good players not bad/new ones. Another thing is that you cannot pay to win, all weapons and content and abilities are in the game and are regularly added, the only DLC is cosmetic."
76561198137233581,Recommended,232090,32390039,Posted: 13 June,all,Atlas,Really fun game to play with friends. It keeps you interested.
,Recommended,232090,34415040,Posted: 22 August,all,Katipunero,"Naked Invisible Women Simulator10/10 would google ""Killing Floor Rule 34"" again"
76561198298595468,Recommended,232090,34469931,Posted: 24 August,all,Hourless,THE BEST PART IS WHERE YOU QUIT TO DESKTOP AND THE GAME INSULTS YOU. 10/10.
,Recommended,232090,34873073,Posted: 10 September,all,Eagle,"Pros: Great Graphics,Unique Mechanics,Satisfying Gameplay,Progression System,Free Item Drops (Every Cent Counts),Plenty of perks and weaponsSoundtrack is great, Gojira would be a good future addition, Stranded by Gojira maybe? Soundtrack has all the good metalcore bands such as Demon Hunter and Bitter End by Fit For A King. Personally I prefer non vocals for the soundtrack but you can turn them on ingame, I listen to Fit For A King and Demon but personally on KF2 for the action I like just bass boosting guitars and drums to fulfill the sex in my ears.Each difficulty level brings a new feel and new approach to how you want to play, normal is to learn if you are new, hard is the casual I want to mess around, suicidal is I want a challenge to improve on my skills, and HOE is to test your skills level 20 and up, recommened max level and plenty of hours to beat HOE.Cons: 30 dollars is a little much, I'd say 20 bucks for a repeatitive game,Launch was mediocre, personally enjoyed it all the way through, but launch was a slight step back from the first, this is 3 years ago just a reminder.Another slight con of mine is no weapon customization and I wish there were more weapons to pick from per class other than buying the same exact gun every match (m14; and with an acog no matter what, I'd rather have iron sights, stoner63, vector; with red dot, I personally want iron sights), the game needs more weapon variety per class so people have variety in how they play rather than playing the same as every other face in the community.These Cons aren't even that big of a deal to me, personally a huge fan of the 2 games, Killing floor one is cool and all, but this game sticks out to me, amazing buy if on sale, 30 bucks isn't the best price for the game but it's worth it."
,Recommended,232090,35121175,Posted: 21 September,all,Kososti,"0/5, found no floors to be killed."
,Recommended,232090,35289154,Posted: 29 September,all,Yecgaa,"Baited a Husk on suicidal, he splodeded, team ded, me alive, 10/10"
,Recommended,232090,26441743,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Panada,Amazing game constant updates and free dlc its like killing floor but better a must buy for anyone who enjoyed the first one
76561198066737531,Recommended,232090,27457787,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Who,"Just as good as KF1. New weapons, new perks, new zeds. you can definetly put in some serious hours if your info hourde games. AI and the environment are made much smarter now and more interactive. i hope tripwire cares for this as much as they did the first"
,Recommended,232090,27902178,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gene,my medic sucks good game
,Recommended,232090,27920342,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,β,"Fun game, would recommend 10/10."
76561197965212154,Recommended,232090,27923857,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Holden,Just keeps getting better and better and better!!!
76561198093703430,Recommended,232090,28524352,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Raging Bull,yes this game is worth the buy. i been with these publishers ever since kf 1 tripwire know how to make killing zeds fun again! compared to all the big games that spam zombies like its salt on fries.
,Recommended,232090,28575272,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Lord Ceon,cool beans!
,Recommended,232090,29001898,Posted: 4 January,all,CheeSe,Bloody good fun mate.Keep it up Tripwire.
,Recommended,232090,29528141,Posted: 27 January,all,El Fuego,"So far, KF2 seems to be a fun, mostly mindless co-op Horde Mode Survival game.The enemy variety is good (so far, I've encountered about 8 different enemy types on Normal difficulty) and weapons seem to perform quite differently. I've really enjoyed playing the Sharpshooter so far (gotten him to lvl 10) as I'm best a clicking on heads.With a decent team, you can synergize your defenses around your characters' own strengths. My two perks give me +20% damage while standing still and an additional 30% damage and 20% movement speed while crouched. My most recent lobby had me stationed in the middle with the autosniper (that's what it's called in CSGO, anyway), crouched and pumping bullets into the heads of zombie hordes rushing at us, while our two Berserkers hacked away at those who made it through to our squad. Our Medic was busy healing the Berserkers and our Support kept us from running dry on ammo. The Gunslinger in our group would float, helping out whoever was being overrun with his high-DMG, but slower revolvers. This was by far the best lobby I joined, with everyone using mics and coordinating tactics. It was a beautiful gaming experience.If you have friends who own the game (or who you can convince to get the game), certainly give KF2 a try if you're looking for a fun night of zombie slaying. The music is awesome, too, as you mow down the hordes of undead to blaring metal tracks. It feels kind of like Doom back in the day - just pure awesomeness, killing zombie after zombie to heavy guitar riffs.8/10. The game gets more fun as you level your characters and unlock perks. This is where the real strategy and variety comes into play.9.5/10 with friends."
76561198163615388,Recommended,232090,29584115,Posted: 30 January,all,DerFuhrer,"Best,funny game ever 10/10, i reccomend this game to everybody, cuz why the hell not :)"
,Recommended,232090,29647556,Posted: 2 February,all,Sharon Cox,Pros:-Fast-Music is outstanding-Outstanding gameplay-Creative zeds-Guns are awesome-Lots of maps-Lots of characters-Lots of perksCons:-Lacks varietyKilling Floor 2 is better than the most selling games on Steam (CSGO for example) 9001/10
76561197969253655,Recommended,232090,30500333,Posted: 13 March,all,Angel of Death,Huge improvement over the first game and the graphics are amazing.
,Recommended,232090,30690656,Posted: 23 March,all,一人前のLady,"Overall A Good Co-op Game:Pros:- P̶a̶y̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶d̶l̶c̶s̶- Great Weapon and Zed types- Great Maps, Animations and Quotes- TwerkingCons:- V.S Zed mode is uselessWish they keep releasing great contents"
76561197994969883,Recommended,232090,30763160,Posted: 26 March,all,HozerA,5/5 fun party game.
76561197963272183,Recommended,232090,30765896,Posted: 26 March,all,Milkman Luke,"Use guns to shoot the monster mans. This game is pretty simple, but what it does, it does well. It's fun co-op."
76561197981548323,Recommended,232090,35144066,Posted: 22 September,all,Shonkawakan,"Highly recommended, of course, to anyone looking for a real nice shooter\slasher stuff in one game. Equally good for both coop and soloing it as much as you need or can afford. Addictive. Seems to be notably less hardcore and easier for soloing than it's predecessor, the Killing Floor1.And plays my favorite songs of my favorite metal bands. Couldn't have asked for more))"
76561197996219370,Recommended,232090,35345447,Posted: 30 September,all,Shikuh,"Awesome game!Fun to play, nice graphics, nice enviroment, good long term value, and lots of gore!You don't need an insane machine to run this game nice and in a good graphics setting, so that is nice!Nice to play with friends."
76561197979602450,Recommended,232090,25963547,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,♤CrispNake♤,"The Game itself is pretty good, so far i'ts still being tweaked. But it shows potential to live up to the old game. I understand that hardcore Unreal 03 Mod players ( myself including) do not like some aspects that they did to develop the game. But i can see why and they just need to tweak it a bit more to make it feel good. The game is kinda hard, I mean most hardcore Kf1 finds it easy, but it can still be a challange for new and Kf Vets.The game is really worth you'r bucks if you have friends to play with.As for new and solo players heres some unwritten rules: Before you leave the server, Drop all you'r cash and guns next to the shop or as close to you'r team as possible. Whom knows you might make new friends.Do not overuse the microphone, if you see a Scrake of fleshpound near but not dangerus alert your team by typing either Sc ( scrake ), Fp ( fleshpound ). If you engage solo ut usally causes the team to wipe since everyone is focust on the cannonfodder.last rule, If someone needs cash after dying, refill your ammo and drop some love for them ( don't forget to give them their gun if you picked it up)DO NOT SELL A TEAMATES GUN WHEN THEY RESPAWN, even if you see the cashflow you will get the person whom had it will loose more money than you made.This might result in him/her not being able to kill that pesky scrake that is chainsawing you'r face."
76561198091459340,Recommended,232090,26483938,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,IronicWall,A rather fun and gory squad-based coop shooter. If you like wave based pve shooters with class systems give it a shot. A particular aspect I like is that on higher difficulties enemies path better rather than simply becoming bullet sponges; that and painting rooms red with viscera.
,Recommended,232090,27140939,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BoseNooB,เล่นคนเดียวตายคนเดียว เล่นเป็นกลุ่มก้ตายทั้งกลุ่ม 5555
,Recommended,232090,27444008,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nitro,"Now that the game is finished, its worth a second look."
76561197995166752,Recommended,232090,28800779,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Reggy,"Bloody Hell, This game was amazing!Good graphics and GOREAnd i thought killing floor couldnt get better"
,Recommended,232090,29658325,Posted: 2 February,all,GeneralGinger,"If you think that because they've added all those crate drops and things into the game that it was bad now, you'd be wrong. (For the wrong reasons.) This game is pretty much like the first KF, just prettier, faster, and much more intense at times. There was an update that added a volcano in the back ground going off, and it's fantastic. there's lava runnin everywhere, ash starts to drop the viewing range.This game is set out to not disappoint, whether you're an old fan or new. Perks, guns, blood, and lots of new voices for every charecter. Give it a try today or wait for a free weekend to. It won't dissapoint."
,Recommended,232090,29891151,Posted: 12 February,all,slchld,"So far, a great upgrade from KF1. Loving the graphics, and the UI, although a little much still, looks a lot better"
76561198212292491,Recommended,232090,29999432,Posted: 17 February,all,Lusturr,Every time Zed time initiates I'm in the middle of reloading.0/10 this game sucks
,Recommended,232090,30210617,Posted: 26 February,all,my strength returns,stalkers got big butts
76561197997054528,Recommended,232090,30249928,Posted: 28 February,all,Mr.Swimmer,lots of fun. good game to play.
76561198114573291,Recommended,232090,30593543,Posted: 18 March,all,Keeper Of The Hardbass,"extremely fun game, hours of gameplay with friends :)"
76561198007057009,Recommended,232090,30645964,Posted: 20 March,all,nasajd,"Just simple fun killing lots of zombies. Progression, skills, classes, ample selection of weapons, a developer still publishing updates all make me very happy with this purchase."
76561198344516701,Recommended,232090,30803835,Posted: 28 March,all,micrapower,really good co op shooter :)
,Recommended,232090,31226623,Posted: 18 April,all,gibran_knuckles,"Don't waste your time reading all these reviews, just get your wallet and buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game at once!11/10"
,Recommended,232090,35328685,Posted: 30 September,all,Mightyfigter,"A true sequel indeed. Almost anything you can name about the first game has been improved for this game.This game has had a rocky history of love and hate, but i can clearly say that TWI has finally gone the right route with the game. Updates have been slow, but well worth it in my opinion.Microtransactions are in the game, but functions almost identically to CS:GO, with just cosmetics and openable cases.All in all, KF2 has become, in my opinion, a superior choice to the first game, baring the higher price."
,Recommended,232090,27451044,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pejck,"It's Killing Floor, but much more polished in almost every possible way. I won't talk about the obvious graphics improvements, so let's get to things that matter.Gameplay closely follows the original, but there's enough changes that it feels fresh. Most notably, the zeds got a lot more variety in their behaviors and attacks. They move more unpredictably, so getting headshots on everything isn't as easy anymore (thankfully the hitboxes are much better than in KF1 though). The melee system also got significantly upgraded with different directional attacks and parrying. You can also melee bash at any time now, which is handy for knocking zeds back to get out of a tight situation. Zeds can also get stumbled, knocked down, stunned or frozen, which adds a new layer of tactics to the combat. In addition to that, there are other new features that encourage teamplay: supports can now provide ammo to teammates, demolitionists can give out grenades, and medics can give teammates other buffs like damage resistance as opposed to just healing them. Healing darts can now lock onto your teammates, removing all the frustration around healing that plagued KF1. One of my favorite additions is probably the medic pistol, it's really cheap and only weighs 1kg so pretty much everyone can carry one to heal teammates.Now to the downsides: there's still some balance issues, in particular firebug being too weak. The zed spawning system also doesn't feel quite right, sometimes they'll spawn right next to you instead of coming from predictable places outside of the map. There's a new PvP mode, but it feels unbalanced and not very fun to play compared to survival. Each perk also has only 4 or 5 weapons right now, and there's currently much fewer maps than in KF1. If you're worried about variety, you should wait for updates to add more content."
,Recommended,232090,27481691,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,not:a:part:of:your:system,"One of the best games out there.  Sure it has its ups (constant updates and strong difficulty) and downs (survivalist ""class"" and nerfing classes that don't need to be nerfed [FB]) but this game is just as fun to play as the day it was released into EA.  Anxiously awaiting the newer updates with the holiday events now that's it's full release!Still waiting for survivalist to be fun....More than 600 hours in, and it's still a blast!  The DEVs *mostly* listen to the community and give us what we want, there's still some things left to desire, coughSURVIVALISTisTERRIBLEcough but for the most part this game is still freaking awesome.DEVS:  OBJECTIVE MODE!!!  NAO!"
76561198045149198,Recommended,232090,28190771,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,The Duke of Spooks,"Tripwire really out did themselves with this one. If you enjoy co-op games, look no further than this.  They took everything good about the original and brought it back even better and then continued to add on. The classes this time around feel amazing and really play defined roles and the ability to reconfigure the perks just adds a new level to the teamwork dynamic and can add new life to a class you may be getting bored of. The maps this time aren't as ridiculously massive as some in the original, though i hope they do bring back more maps from the origianl, but they make up for it by making the maps way more vertical and adding chokes that can either save you or ♥♥♥♥ you if you aren't careful. The Zeds this time around really provide a fun challenge. They really did a good job this time with the AI and how they react to differnet situations and instead of just having more health between difficulty spikes, they attack and spawn diffently too. Which brings me to the guns. The guns is this one are awesome. They look beautiful, they all handle differnetly and each gun in its own way requires it's own mastery. There are a few that I feel fall short, namely the microwave and rail gun, but that could just because they just aren't really for my play style.Now for the the negatives. I have a few minor complaints that really amount to minor fixes that hopefully tripwire address in the future. There are a few levels that have weird sound files that really just distract, me atleast, from the game. My prime example of this is a sound file on one map that I think is supposed to be a dog whimpering but somehow can be heard over explosions and a symphony of chainsaws. Another problem I have is that it's a little too easy even at higher difficulty levels to manipulate the money system in the game in order to stack up large amounts of cash in the early waves, this causes you to sometimes see lone wolf players that really have no interest in trying to help the team which takes away from the fun.  The only major problem is player collison. You will get stuck on the stupidest♥♥♥♥♥♥sometimes that any normal person would just step around. You will literally get stuck on the edge of door frames, small trees, bullards, and on other players in a wide open areas. Usually it's just a quick adjustment and you will be fine, but when you're being chased or about to be cornered, it can be the sole deciding factor in your death and it's absolutely maddening.Overall it's a great game to play with your friends and a way to meet new friends. It's well worth the money and i look forward to dumping 200+ hrs into this game. I give it an 9/10."
76561198092066257,Recommended,232090,28219461,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Cake,"I really love this game. The gunplay, the graphics, the content, everything is wonderful. I really hope one day it has as much as the first Killing Floor did, which I'm sure it will. If you're ever look for a fun horde survival game to play with friends, I highly recommend this game.The only things I'm not too happy about is them implementing microtransactions while they were in an early access state, but those are optional and purely cosmetic, so no worries about it interfering with gameplay. So there's that and it seems with recent updates that friends of mine who were once able to flawlessly run it on Ultra have noticed underperformance, but that'll probably get some form of a fix too.Overall, this is a really enjoyable game with plenty of potential. I've been playing since the Early Access days and I plan to play a lot more now that I've got my new computer. c: Have fun slaying Zeds!"
76561198061763693,Recommended,232090,28479210,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Bump3rCars™,jam doughnut factory simulator.
,Recommended,232090,28988771,Posted: 3 January,all,Mop,"Killing Floor 2 is a game that seems quite simple at first glance, and in many ways, it is. Kill hordes, get dosh, kill bigger hordes, kill boss, repeat. Somehow, though, KF2 manages to make this gameplay loop extremely entertaining, surprisingly deep, and insanely addictive. I was not a huge fan of the first game, so I cannot really say how it holds up a sequel, but as a game on its own, it is quite enjoyable.The game has well-paced and compelling progression, a solid lineup of relatively unique and fun perks (or classes), a varied slew of visually interesting zeds, two distinct bosses, and a quality selection of official maps (and an active community also making great custom maps).I think that Killing Floor 2 is currently king of the horde shooter genre, only really challenged by the likes of L4D2 and Vermintide. If you enjoy the idea of killing enemies in droves for hours on end as deathcore blares in the background, definitely give this game a try. Despite the fact that it spent quite a long time in Early Access hell, it has a fair amount of content for the price and is already on the track to get more (namely weapons, maps, and bosses).I give KF2 90 Christian metalcore vinyls out of 100."
,Recommended,232090,29252757,Posted: 14 January,all,mach21,Most fun I've had in a multiplayer FPS since Quake 3. That is all.
,Recommended,232090,29435632,Posted: 22 January,all,Midget Niglet,this game is pretty well done in my opinion but ut still has some quirks like for instance the server browser is having some issues when you try to join
,Recommended,232090,29655025,Posted: 2 February,all,Smoke-Bolt.gg,lots of different monsterssick weapon skinsfun characterslots of weaponsfun mapsgood matchmaking9/10 as may fell like the 1st one
,Recommended,232090,29715977,Posted: 5 February,all,voltron,Badass.
,Recommended,232090,30359469,Posted: 6 March,all,Selina Kyle,"Die beste Spiel, das ich gespielt habe :)"
76561198375009447,Recommended,232090,30682488,Posted: 23 March,all,Jesus Christ,I will not write 10 reasons convincing you to buy this game because that would dilute my review; instead i want to specify that KF2 team will not spend their time finding additional ways to charge you but they will mostly always give thier 100% to make your experience better in real time!
76561198046605417,Recommended,232090,35505334,Posted: 5 October,all,Endofsanity,Amazing game!
76561198026000101,Recommended,232090,27098400,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,taxidriver,"You like metal? You somehow feel attracted to guns? You love this.While i loved KF1 (2000+ hours), this game completely grew up and lost that ""another kind of source-game""-feeling. (while it was UE 2)Just the usage of weapons of all kinds is so satisfying, more than ever before. The gore. The smooth handling. Almost perfection.And: many weapons are still to come, this is just the finished core game atm. with 10 different perks.Just get it."
,Recommended,232090,27425808,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,♉Daacals♆ - नमस,if you just want to chill out and rip and tear zeds into piecesThe Villains need a hug ♥╣[-_-]╠♥
,Recommended,232090,27604009,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✪☭Denton72☢☮,Probably one really addictive games and in same time really dullGood upgrade vs oldbut lacks the fun of the oldthis is not game for the slow pasted quick thinking and team work is needed (unless you want to get surronded and be eaten alive that is)its a coop game  and fun one in factits guns it has lvls it has  diffrents zombie - clones  with bossesit has one of best meme characters ever created
76561198072568944,Recommended,232090,27877305,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Seabiscuit,"If you loved the original, get this game! If you didn't like the original, it might be best to avoid this one because not much has changed since KF1. Either way, I recommend everyone at least try this game out if you love zombie hordes. There are various classes for everyones taste:Commando: Assault rifle class where you shoot zedsSupport: Give ammo to the team, grab a shotty and shoot zedsBerserker: Melee zedsMedic: Heal teammates and give AIDS to zedsSharpshooter: Sniper kill zedsFirebug: Burn and cook zedsGunslinger: Highnoon zedsSWAT: Swat zedsDemolitionist: Use explosives to blow up zedsSurvivalist: Call of Duty class... basically kill zeds in whatever way you want.Plus more classes to come in the future, with new maps and custom made maps to go along with them. Enjoy :)"
76561198204624911,Recommended,232090,28065367,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,WalkShore,Great !!!!
76561197981578067,Recommended,232090,29213632,Posted: 12 January,all,RemingTRON,"I really enjoy KF2... its a blast with friends, and as you can see by my hours has tons of replayability.  The Devs were a little rocky in EA, but recently, the updates have been amazing!Pros:+ Up to 6 player coop (so you can play with Kevin too... damn Kevin)+ So many guns... with great animations (I love the attention to detail) and good sound effects!+ The devs have been giving some great updates and have promised a lot more to come+ Microtransactions are all cosmetic (and help support future updates)+ The maps (for the most part) are really big and well detailed+ Relitively difficult, so victory feels sweet when attained.+ Classes are all well done (for the most part... some fluctuate)Cons- Not super into the music... but that is what steam overlay and youtube are for right?- The community in the lower levels can be a trash pile.Overall very worth it.  There are few Coop games on steam that I have stuck with as long as this one."
,Recommended,232090,31430119,Posted: 28 April,all,WHITEFOX★,"I have been playing this game since the early access days and what a journey!I've thoroughly enjoyed all my moments of frustration while learning the gameplay; like getting that boss down with no medics, running around trying to find ammo drops to kill those last zeds, being the hero lol, even those annoying players (door welders at trader time!).Levelling up the perks became an obsession not to mention achievements. How to headshot was a major thing for me as it was the first ""shooter"" game I ever played! I would reccomend this game to anyone who would like to try out a fps, the Easy-Hard-Suicidal-Hell On Earth modes get you making decisions faster and practice makes perfect of course with those crucial shots.This game has really progressed quite nicely and I have had a great time/still having a great time on several favourite servers. A shout out to all the players I met on Vlad's server before it closed RIP, I had my best moments on that one.All my perks are at max so it is nice to switch between them knowing that I will have great damage and the full range of skills to choose from. I eagerly await new perks to be added so that there's something to level again but I can still get my levelling fix by playing on a modded server that lets you 'prestige' and go beyond level 25, plus other neat features.The community maps are also great, there are some really talented people out there. I love being able to vote for next map at the end of a match especially when a server has lots of custom maps to choose from. Of course the official maps are prettier to look at but a lot of the community made maps are very good quality too.I hope you choose to play this game, see you there!x"
,Recommended,232090,28032441,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,darthhappy,playing this game and the original is a pretty good way to get better at other games like csgo. you could consider it as a fps trainer.but its also a great game on its own. well an awesome game.
76561197979316171,Recommended,232090,29536258,Posted: 28 January,all,HowBotDah,"tier 1 hardcore survival fps. Weapons feel good in the hands, ragdoll physics, pleasant animations, excellent graphics."
,Recommended,232090,15493512,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,KiraSMASH,"There are a lot of quality of life changes introduced in KF2 that were different in the original KF. I'll outline a few that were most important to me. Keep in mind that while I am comparing the two KFs to each other, KF2 is still in early access and original KF is very old. I do not expect one to be immediately better than the other, because there are things I love and hate about both games individually.Changes I loved in KF2:+ XP system. You no longer have to weld millions of points in order to level up, for example. Perk objectives contribute to your XP bar, but are no longer a requirement to advance.+ Extremely smooth gameplay. Loving the constant 60 FPS. The game looks so much more polished. The new UI is easy to navigate.+ Slightly customizable characters. Change your filthy clothes.+ Zed changes. Some zeds are faster, some are tankier. Makes for some more challenging gameplay.+ Boss changes.  This varies from person to person. Some love the new boss, others hate him. In my opinion, Hans in KF2 is more challenging and interesting to fight than the Patriarch in the original KF. No chest♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ though.+ SPRINTING! You still run faster with your knife. The animations look silly, but I enjoy being able to sprint, nevertheless.Changes I didn't love in KF2:- The shopkeeper. RIP.- Guns. There are very few guns and they sound more underwhelming than the KF2 trailer suggested. (This might be changed as more features are added to the game).- Character quotes. The humor just isn't really there anymore.- Voice command system. They changed it to some weird wheel, instead of the previous command list in the original KF. Helpful commands like ""Watch out!"", ""Run!"", and ""Weld the doors!"" were taken out.Overall, I feel like KF2 had more positive changes than negative ones. Since this game is only Early Access, we can definitely expect to see more positive changes based on community feedback. Tripwire really did a good job of listening to the community while developing this game. Even from the Beta to Early Access (about 2 weeks total), they changed things people didn't like and balanced many features accordingly. Stay beautiful, Tripwire."
,Recommended,232090,16017735,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Christie,Some edgy comment about how we still can't kill the floors XD XD XD. OMG I'm so funny and original.
76561198019792615,Recommended,232090,15481334,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,ManBearPig,"Where to start, after waiting almost 10 years for a new realease, Killing Floor 2 is finally here. Overall it delivers on what Tripwire promised - sick gore system, improved graphics engine and a more realistic world. There are 25 perk levels, which allow players to have richer and longer gameplay. It takes around 40-50 hours to reach level 25, which I must say is a big improvement but there is more to desire, perhaps 30 levels with 3 perks for each level instead of just 2 and an option to go Elite, which will reset your skills, require more XP to level up, but will allow you to start with higher quality weapons like in the original game. Just ideas but could liven up a rather stale gampelay after the 40th hour.For the most part the weapons and their new animations are very satisfying, but I would ve wanted to see a bigger range of weapons even in the beta. The lack of dual pistols and a sharpshooter class is a big diassapointment since there is no way to effectively kill scrakes and fleshpounds even on a Normal difficulty, besides sticking together and hoping for the best. This means that flesh pounds, scrakes and the new boss Hanz Volter (slimmer version of the Patriach) feel way overpowered and pretty much impossible to take on even by very experienced players.  I would like to have seeen some more shotguns and assault rifles to give a mor ecustomizable gaming experience. That's not to say that the new guns dont pack a punch, they do, however sometimes it feels that only an AA is effective versus the enemies that matter.Visually the game looks great, the 3 levels that are available at the moment are fine, but they force players to move alot and unless your team is solid, you will find yourselves scattered around the map midwave, scavanging for ammo and ultimately getting cornered and bashed by an enraged scrake or fleshpounds as there is no way to kill more than one at a time, so having 2 or more around you mean a certain dead unless you kite for 15 minutes around to kill them tactiacally and it not always works. Having a good team solves this problem but on suicidal and HOE the challenge is immense nevertheless. It is a special feeling to rambo a wave on your own for the sake of the team.Having said all thet, Killing Floor 2 delivers a very familiar and enjoyable experience and the fans will be happy to see what Tripwire has accomplished for this long wait. It is true some hardcore fans will be dissapointed with some of the new features and lack of the loved old ones, but bear in mind this is only a beta and there are months to go before the game  hopefully gets polished into a gem. There will be dual wielded weapons, there will be new bosses and a total ot 10 perk classes, so do not dispair.I enjoyed my time playing the game, so I have to say that Killing Floor 2 works great, apart from the current lack of substancial  game content (classes, guns and game modes) it feels complete, I didn't experience any major glitches (the occasional seeing through walls for a millisecond). I love the new difficulty system taht makes enemies faster and more agile insted of just bumping their lives and make you feel like you are shooting with an airsoft,so for an early access you will get the bang for your buck and many hours of fun gampeplay. Will it feel abit lacking in some aspects? YES, but it delivers something that games like Evolve and Hrdline failed - FUN.For the ones that feel that there is more to desire - just wait for the game to exit eary acces at the end of the year. My final score is 8/10, but i have to penalise the game for the lack of more maps, enemies and guns, it's not like Tripwire didn't take its sweet time :D"
,Recommended,232090,15587304,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,KingAwesome,Can equip a fedora 11/10
76561198027089355,Recommended,232090,15536152,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Jerome Rome Brown,"A must have for gamers who like blood,killing and zombies. definitly one of the most enjoyable games I've ever played . A worthy sequel for the first Killing Floor."
,Recommended,232090,15500883,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Cokefish,"I enjoyed this game a lot, it takes the original Killing Floor and diversifies it. Now all of your classes have special abilities, the maps have dynamic lighting, the monsters have a butt-ton of animations, you can melee with your gun out, there's a blocking mechanism for melee fighters, and loads of more features.This game improves upon Killing Floor in every way. Because of the level design and lighting effects, fighting in the dark is extremely hazardous now. Enemies can blend in with the darkness and remain partially hidden behind pillars and props. It's very intense when you have to push your way to a new area amidst a sea of zombies, so you can find a place with better light and hopefully, ammo pickups.In addition the physics of this game allows you to jump while sprinting to cover a large area, to increase distance between you and enemies. You are no longer tied down to a specific area, as sprinting comes in handy to survey all entry points in a hurry to check for zombies. I find myself using sprint as a way to deliver backup as fast as possible in case a large group of zeds penetrates our team's defenses. You find yourself darting between groups of zombies, blowing them all away.Overall this game is unique in the way it approaches a zombie survival horror game. The action never stops, it's never boring, and there's always something coming to tear you to shreds."
,Recommended,232090,15531604,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Soviet Bear,Killing floor 2 has improved in almost every way from its predecessor.10/10 Would kill more floors.
,Recommended,232090,15586876,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Gilgamesh,"Finally the game Ive been looking for!!! All Ive wanted was a controller compatible game, where I can mindlessly kill♥♥♥♥♥♥while watching Netflix befoire. This game is perfect! Sons of Anarchy on one screen, shooting the ♥♥♥♥ out of zombies on my big screen. The game itself is great and the guns are awesome. Very rewarding gunplay. Only had one day, and freaking love it. If your looking for that game to mindlessly play while listening or watching something. This is freaking it. 10/10"
76561198069856610,Recommended,232090,15599348,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Zorba,"This game is Simply Awsome, Perhaps it will go on to to be Game of the year, Certainly the best game i have played in a fair few years, The graphics are amazing, the sound is Very good, Gameplay is very very smooth even with 70 players in a test server, Designed for 6 with no lag, Buy it, Buy it, Buy it now."
,Recommended,232090,15492746,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Pharaoh Dez,"For the game being a ""polished beta,"" it feels much more like a solid, finished game. Despite the fact that several maps, weapons, and two of the perks are omitted from the game at release, the stunning graphics and visual FX, amazing game feel, and the fantastic music and sound FX more than make up for what hasn't been released yet.A beautiful game right now, and I'm anxious to watch it develop."
,Recommended,232090,15615809,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Zireael,"I used to play L4D/L4D2 ALOT and i realy like any kind of game that include zombie killingsi never played KF1 so my whole experince in KF2 is new to me.KF2 is an AMAZING game.you can spend hours playing it and its not even a full game yet!The gameplay is very smooth the game runs perfect for me without any kind of issuesThe animations are awesome and so realistic that i saw other games with better graphics that not come close to this one in terms of animations.so far we only have 1boss/3maps/4classes and 4weapons/ for each class , i know there are going to be more maps/bosses/weapons/classes/perks so its only a matter of time until this game gets much better.this game feels so gr8 i keep find myself want to play over and over and kill more zombiesthe community so far been very nice to play with. most ppl i see are friendly and try to do the best so the team can win.also the devs are actuacly listen to us in the forums which is also something good.just get the game its only 30usd after playing abit and get into it you wont quit for long :p"
,Recommended,232090,15488497,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,HungryDuck,"I must say this game Is amazing, first time playing it and it lets me change my character (new clothes and some hats....). epic! then i get to the game, super smooth and the weapons at the start are so neat, i love the fact that they run at 60 frams per second until a zed time were they run at 124 frams per second (the sound changes, the bullets flash... the ragdoll bodys fly around.... and each part of the gun moves around. after killing a few zeds i wielded a door shut and then the next wave started, i hear a stamping and then a huge bang in my headset which comes from behind only to find the door smashing inwards and then out coming a FlashPound.... at that moment i realized i was ♥♥♥♥ed.....11/10 this game is the best thing to happen to me :D"
,Recommended,232090,15588407,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,[EQRG]SoanoS,"If you ever liked the first Killing Floor game, then buying this game is a no-brainer to you.The game is a tactical, squad and class/perk-based co-operative action FPS.But anyway. so put it simply the game premise is that an evil corporation (no, not Umbrella) called Horzine Biotech had a little boo-boo, mainly due to the CEO/Founder Kevin Clamely going insane. As a result a lot of rather nasty monsters managed to escape from a secret cloning facility to the English Countryside where they wreaked havoc and chaos, until a group of six survivors managed to terminate the ""Patriarch"", as Clamely was known after various biological and mechanical alterations to his body.However, the damage had already been done. the cloning facilities had been abandoned and overrun by the Specimens, or ""Zeds"" as they were called. These facilities, running fully autonomously and with no need for supervision kept on pumping out a creature after creature after creature, and now they have managed to reach the Continent.You are a Survivor, hired by Horzine Biotech in a last-ditch attempt to save humanity. You go in, you kill Zeds, you get paid. You buy better guns, you kill more Zeds, you get paid. The resistance will increase as the gunfire will attract attention, until the boss decides to pay a visit...TL;DR: Here is a gun / shovel, go kill some uglies and have fun!"
76561198078487605,Recommended,232090,16254549,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Sloppy Zombie Ninja,"-------------------------                        2nd paragraph for info                         ----------------------------------------This... Alpha is fantastically made, the physics are a HUGE upgrade to KF 1 and I love it all, I've been a huge KF 1 fan when it came out, and KF2 got me hooked for the time I've played it. I gotta keep myself away from it. It addicts me so much, and new arsenal of weaponry is cool looking too. I can't wait! So hyped. I give this game an overall 7/10. But the thing is.Things aside from my old self. This game does need more stuff added into it, rather than hotfixes, same maps are okay. But different weaponry are a must need. Also, the guns do feel a lot better and more smoother than KF1. But this game will not be patched for new content until later this AUGUST, from what I HEAR FROM COMUNNITY. DO NOT HOLD THIS AGAINSED ME or I will chop off your fingers, and feed them to dogs. ^.^. But that aside. To the game itself. It's really fun, it is. They said ♥♥♥♥ it with the gore system and don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about restrictions of esrb. *So much blood in game* THIS GAME IS NOT FOR KIDS OBVIOUSLY. As well, if you give a bad rating for a game that is STILL in ALPHA. They may not be fast. But they want to make things actually WORK, rather than when you shoot it, you shoot dust, and or the gun doesn't spaz out in your hands... Do you want them to push out the game in unfinished patches? Do you see how much work they put into this? Before you start THRASHING at me. USE YOUR MINDS, rather than just go by impulse, and actually think what you're going to review. I gave it a good review, because it's still in alpha, and the game itself is still astounding.READ FOR PERSONAL SUGGESTIONS ON PATCHING.I think they should release zeds in 2's or 1's or 3's, and increase the amount of zeds spawning for solo play!!!! it's boring with just so few!! I want it to increase to 100 by wave 10! But they should throw us an update like throwing a child a toy car. One at a time, instead of one HUGE update. Throwing out guns, and perks early is a must to keep us entertained. Then add more in the huge update to keep us distracted, and entertained, also update a few of the old kf1 maps to make it neat.  We won't get the patches by whining, just be patient though. It may get boring, yes. But if you are not satisfied, go play kf1, if you don't want to play kf1, then you shouldn't complain about patching. This is ALPHA MIND YOU. (Reason why I caps: Some numbnut will misunderstand, and have to reread EVERYTHING to get it). Don't whine at me either. It's not going to make the patch come out any sooner."
76561197960555319,Recommended,232090,16267111,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Chex[G],So far KF2 is extremely fun for an early-access-game! I hope they come up with some good updates soon. Very much worth the $30 spent.
,Recommended,232090,15511805,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,FromTheShadows,"I played the original. It was great, pretty bloody, splattery, goodness fun times.Then I played this one....⬜ Not Fun ☑ FunGore/10"
76561198157665747,Recommended,232090,16278181,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Sector Clear,This game is amazing get it x)
76561198056659326,Recommended,232090,17512973,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Omus,"If you have played and loved the first killing floor then you will love this game even more! If you never played the first killing floor then that is ok because you too will fall in love with killing floor 2. The game is still in early access, but this is well worth the money spent and when the full game comes out it will get even better. I recommend new and old players alike to buy this game!"
,Recommended,232090,15533036,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Snowblind[Fin],"Game is great, although in Early Access - which means that there is only so many classes and only three maps.Despite these, the game is the most fun I have had in a while."
,Recommended,232090,15520151,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Chernobylitate,Would be awesome if they allowed a dosh party while waiting for new peeps to join when in the lobby.10/10 would dosh party at the end of each round again.
76561198029207480,Recommended,232090,15505659,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Mr.X,Nice for teamplay and funny interteiment if you got guts for it!
,Recommended,232090,15616094,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,deepcut,"Currently feature incomplete, missing at least maps and perk classes.Otherwise though it's absolutely worth playing already, and if you liked the original this is a no-brainer decision.Update: It's been a year since I first posted my review. Progress has been slower than I expected, but regular updates bring us back to the game for a few play sessions each time, the same way updates and events brought us back KF1 regularly.The additions that have arrived have been good, and I'm personally enjoying the way updates keep it feeling fresh."
,Recommended,232090,17903148,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,✇ Shiro ✇,VERY FUN but also VERY CHALLENGING (btw im pretty sure i spelled that wrong :D)
76561197975631266,Recommended,232090,15494277,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Skeeter 'WooHoo!! Yea!!!!',"245 Hours KF1. I hated KF2 for the first hour I played it. By the second hour I was willing to admit that it was a much better game. Has graphics an stuff, shooty things.Woo! Yea!!"
,Recommended,232090,15483590,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Scanty~,"Dosh simulator returns, looking even more pretty."
,Recommended,232090,15485261,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,=RB=> Dallas,"I've only played it once so far and I love it!  So much gore.  So much action, it just doesn't stop once the wave starts.Edit: Played for a couple hundred hours now and still loving the gore and the action.   The guns 'feel' awesome, and slicing off zed bodyparts is majorly satisfying (especially after a hard day, perfect for stress relief)."
,Recommended,232090,15490426,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Impure,"I put a fair few hours into the original Killing Floor and really didn't think that a sequel would do it any justice. Though in the run up to KF2, I followed the videos and general progress of the game and was really amazed at how much more they were putting into the game... 200 frame-per-second gun animations and perma-gore to mention but a few.I bought the game on the day of it's early access release (yesterday from the date of this review), I'm genuinely amazed at the improvements made to an already brilliant platform, the individual classes have been reworked to add more customisation depending on the player's playstyle. I've been playing a Medic since KF2's precursor and though I enjoyed it during the original, the new improved version of the class is just so much better, healing darts - aimed at teamates - have a much better targeting system wheras before you had to be spot-on with the iron sights to hit a friendly target in a game where movement is key.I haven't tried the other classes as of yet, but I've seen what they're capable of, the Berserker really lives up to its name with the addition of evil-looking melee weapons -some even firing some form of projectile- the Support class offers (as it's name suggests) more of an 'all-rounder' in terms of defense and offense capabilities, faster welding of doors, while packing a shotgun -or Nail Gun for that matter- of your choice. Support also has the option to be able to give ammo to teammates. The Commando class is the assault-heavy member of the group, offering some support to other team members via perks (revealing certain stealthy Zeds to both himself or teammates).The visuals to the game are stunning especially during the infamous Zed-Time, all colour during Zed-Time desaturates to Black & White... All but Red... so basically that means the blood flying through the air and painting the room becomes even more vibrant and disgusting!There's more 'good' news (depending on how much of a psychopath you may be) regarding the gore system! The previous Killing Floor allowed 5 or 6 different parts of the body to fly off when shooting at them, Killing Floor 2 however gives you 5 or 6 in the head alone, adding up to about 30 or so different parts to blast off your targets, I'll let you decide if that's fun or not :) ... it is for me anyway!Overall a huge upgrade to an already awesome franchise, maintains all the fun of the original while creating even more mayhem, blood & guts, panic, anxiety, nightmares, dismemberment... etc. Hope you found this review helpful, see you in game."
,Recommended,232090,32859775,Posted: 27 June,all,|GA|HSMagnet,"not as captivating as KF1, yet.  it is getting better all the time"
76561198076264543,Recommended,232090,15705462,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,[ML] Deathreus,"There's no maybe for recommendations, so it's a reluctant Yes.This is basically the same game, just with WAY fancier graphics, anda brand new boss who get's stronger as he kills you. The class system is a little more fleshed out with each getting their own types of grenades and weapons, and then there's general weapons. If I had to nitpick, it is very hard to gather experience to level up, and you start at level 0 for each class and so you get no bonus till you level up, which can take some time.I'd say the 30 dollar price tag as it stands is worth it if you like beautiful games, because the graphics are gorgeous, the blood is pretty, and persistent, you can eventually get walls and floors made of blood, and I must say that the game still runs smoothly with all this going on, the only things that hit performance would be the zeds, especially the ones with jiggle physics, when they get in many numbers on the screen."
76561198187753450,Recommended,232090,29368620,Posted: 19 January,all,Idris,is fun game do play
,Not Recommended,232090,23600159,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Taf79,"Pros+:+ Satisfying gun feel.+ More rewarding leveling system compared to KF1.+ The sound is very nice. Gun sounds, groans and screams from zeds and all characters have a unique voice actor to that specific character. (Way better than KF1 with only a male voice and a female voice.)+ Eye candy weapon skins.+ Fun for most of the part.+ Alot more bloody than KF1. (The blood decals from enemys don't disappear from the map it stays for the whole game which is really cool.)Evens/:/ Micro-transactions similer to TF2, CSGO and DOTA2 involving random crate and cosmetic drops with keys needed for the crates. (The keys being real money, the prices being 2.49US or around 3CDN.)/ Slow updates but no one can forsee programming issues or codeing problems or missed deadlines not even game devs./ Heavy metal music. (Not everyone likes Metal or Screamo but you can put the music volume on 0% and put on your own music if its not your type of music.)/ the players are usually silent so don't expect much team-play....In a co-op game....Best enjoyed with a few friends. (If you got 5 buds with you, party up and find a server together you will have an awesome time.)Cons-:- The game devs are starting to look like OVERKILL in a sense that they seem very tunnel-visioned on money. (Scared to see how they will handle DLC.....)- With every update theres a good and a bad. (Ex. With every big change that everyone is looking forward to, they nerf something else that NO ONE THOUGHT WAS OP.)- VS mode from L4D1 / L4D2?????- People getting banned on the community hub for even saying anything bad about the game. (EVEN IF THEIR BEING POLITE ABOUT IT.)-  Still an Early Access Game.- Early Access Game with micro-transactions?!??!!?- People thinking their hard as ♥♥♥♥ playing Hard difficulty with lvl 0-3 with 2 hours of play time and dying every round. (Skill alone won't get you far, you really need those extra abilitys from leveling.)So in this games current state would I buy it?I would recommend this game if its on sale.8/10.I feel I may have used odd wording or odd sentence structure so I'm sorry if it seems weird in some parts. :)Don't forget to thumbs down. :3"
,Recommended,232090,29364148,Posted: 19 January,all,Mister Sinister,"If you like valve's Left 4 dead and or treyarch's Nazi Zombies, well then buckle up those big boy pants junior, because those two games hate ♥♥♥♥ed the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of eachother during a coke fuled night in Bangkok and conceived this beautiful love child of a game! Better bring your god damn umbrella because this baby is vomiting chunks of zed giblets into your mother ♥♥♥♥ing eye holes while you go balls deep into this unholy mother without a condom!"
,Recommended,232090,15515261,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,boyband6666,"How early access should be done. The game is playable, polished and looks good. What's mising? More levels (there are only 3), a full achievements system, more classes, and more weapons.Basically it won't crash and be rubbish / unfinished, it just doesn't have all the last bits of balance, and a full package of content.Buy it now!"
,Recommended,232090,23415731,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,｡♡𝘵𝘦𝘢,"I think I played too much kf2 because I legit just had a dream of a zombie apocalypse.. I won't go into detail but I suicided bc I'm a pᴜssy. But that won't stop me from playing it's so fun I can't stop ;~; do I need help? No no.. must farm zeds c:On a serious-ish note: Matchmaking is still meh.. you either get matched in a server in your country near to you OR some faraway land far far away where Peter Pan's ping is incredible but yours is the complete opposite. I guess 120/200+ ping is my normal ping for this game. But I'm fine with it. Sometimes bυllshιt headshots come in handy in times of need.As for queueing up for a game, you get put into whatever server is available. If you've ditched your game at the end chances are you will end up with the same people/server that you shamefully ditched.I can't tell if they've ""improved"" matchmaking just a bit or there are just more players than before."
,Recommended,232090,15491323,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,[8thVA] Foxy,"If you have played the previous Killing Floor, then you must buy this game! It's everything Killing Floor was but a lot better."
,Recommended,232090,33357834,Posted: 7 July,all,hamtaro-1H,"Always loved it. There are some that have questioned Tripwire out there; but in the end, this is an amazing game."
,Not Recommended,232090,15671209,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Bonus (error: 67),"Having a blast with it so far. It's just what I expected from a sequel to Killnig Floor: the same basic idea, but more and higher quality of everything! Including gameplay improvements and graphics.However you DEFINITELY need at least one friend in the game that you can communicate with and work together, because this game is carnage. You cannot survive without proper teamwork. Playing with randoms who just run around is frustrating, and when you die because someone enraged a Scrake on the other side of the map, that's just plain infuriating.One thing to watch out for is that jumps between difficulty levels is really crazy. Hard is a walk in the park compared to Suicidal. And boy, Hell on Earth makes Suicidal difficulty look peaceful and relaxing. And Hard is pretty hard to start with.EDIT: Major flaw of the game: teleporting zeds. It breaks the highest difficulty. Not recommending to buy until that's removed, keep looking for patch notes.EDIT2: With the new patch, titled Incenerate and Detonate update (by me), teleporting seems to be vastly improved. I still occasionally see oddly placed zeds that are probably teleported, and some clots that have been damaged before that surely have been teleported.. but it's not game-breakingly bad anymore. It's much more sublime. So finally I can recommend this game again.EDIT3: Microtransactions. Randomized crates with little chance of precious loot, opened with keys. CS:GO. Not recommended."
,Recommended,232090,15824809,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Lucatiel,"Amazingly polished Early Access, they've got the fundamentals down; and took care in doing it too, and let us play while they add more content and smooth it out. Regardless, in its current state it's worth buying, nothing like it when it comes to mowing down endless hordes of fleshy monsters >:DEDIT: Officially released!I hadn't played KF2 for quite some time until realising it had been released. The base content has tripled at least and there is a LOT more replayability. New classes, characters, skins, weapons, maps, modes etc. etc.Big props for the devs for actually releasing this game with a substantial improvement. Definitely worth the asking price."
76561198044889185,Recommended,232090,32462153,Posted: 15 June,all,Hatchery,"The game is a great fast paced zombie shoot em up experience. I never played the first Killing Floor to compare this to, but alone this game is worth the price IMO.Great maps, great charcters, the weapons are fun.There are only currently 2 bosses to fight, but they are both fun/difficult and have horrible 1 liners.The updates are fantastic. They usually bring new maps, which seem to be more and more dynamic and interesting with each release."
,Recommended,232090,26777354,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,🔥ΞИIĠΣΛ🔞Prætor,So much satisfaction in pulling a trigger. Gore level 101%
,Recommended,232090,25504613,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Awkward Seal,"well.... after over 200hrs of gameplay its time to make a review....this game, its trash ♥♥♥♥ing trash that is worth playing.its a great game if you just want to kill time and zeds.[10/1/2016] [v1043]After my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review, i thought of making a "" more formal one ""  anyways..Still think this game is great, you can have a ♥♥♥♥♥on of fun if you have friends to play withand either way kf2 community is greatat this point[think its 1043update]  this game is fairly balanced, still haven't tried ""VS MODE""but meh, people say its trash :^)[6/18/2017] [v1053]1st seasonal even SUMMER SIDESHOW:enjoying most of the content added, i like the theemed cosmetics and the new map is good but not enough,the reskined zeds look neat but i've been having a ""hard"" time telling which one is who in the trash zed part, 2 new weapons have been added, at first you can say ""yay more ways to kill a zed"" but they are nothing special,but still, its refreshing.and so... its been a year for me, only played around 420 hrs:pkindda grew stalle on the gameplay side but its still a fun co-op shooterreseted all my perks and now its kind of a grind and im getting lazy on it, note that i have no time to play cuz of work, 8/10 still fun."
,Recommended,232090,33335299,Posted: 7 July,all,Jakester,"When I first played this game I was highly indifferent to it, as I found myself killing zombie like creatures - as opposed to floors. Yet on further progression through this silly camputorgaym I found it enjoyable seeing how I can earn achievements as easy as letting myself die and letting the level 25 Bezerker do all the work - kinda like how back in school I used to beat the kid with glasses to do my homework because he was a stupid♥♥♥♥♥nerd, but then when the teacher filled my♥♥♥♥♥with 'D's it made me realize that the nerd kid was not a nerd, but a ♥♥♥♥ing brain dead ♥♥♥♥♥♥ whom only had glasses for his 'vision' and not to display his nerd status. Anyway I really enjoyed my time back in school, especially when we went swimming as I would hold all the boys'♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when they were in the changing rooms and smack my♥♥♥♥♥♥against theirs and say ""haha my♥♥♥♥♥♥is bigger than yours"" - then I got fired :/. I give Killing Floor 2 an 8/10, the gameplay is repetitive, but I seemingly never get bored of it, but rubber-banding on American servers is a real issues my man."
,Recommended,232090,15714794,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Brütal,"I hope to see more maps coming, and to have the old events"
,Recommended,232090,15641718,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,RoguePolize,"Do you like Survival Horror? Filled with Action, Pure Gore, Blood and Many other type of Weapon and Perks followed by a Brutal Dismemberment? Well perhaps this is the right game that you have come for. Early Access? Yet It still worth the weight and money, For those who prefer Full Version, Keep your Dosh and Wait it all out if you do have the patience.9.5/10 ~ Simply would rate this again...Positive Side- Fantastic and Clear Beautiful Graphics- More Type of Weapons- Less Lags and Not much Bug- New Boss (Hanz aka the Nazi Doctor)- New Zeds and Changes in them (Such as the Husk's Flamethrower)- Customizable and More Characters just like Ana or whatever the girl called...- Much Much More!- I <3 SkullyNegative Side- Why Did I put this in the first place?- Audio/Sound Stuttering on my Headphones, That's all"
,Recommended,232090,15707433,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,A Drowsy Panda,"Okay, let's be honest here:- 4 classes from the original so far (Berzerker, Commando, Support, Medic)- New weapons are added (and grenades)- sprinting now available (no more knife running you CS players)- Zeds are somewhat, and sometimes considerably faster from the first- Some new Zeds make an appearance (and boss)- Better graphics than the first along with more lines and individual interactions from other peoples characters- MUCH MORE GORE- Though gore has an option on it that you can some what adjust- Character customization is added to some extent- Co-op is all the more important- Currently only 3 maps available- Somewhat better UI than the first- Still enjoying the game since the first, and may add another edit or review after getting more gameplay on this."
,Recommended,232090,16202205,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,CCL sama,"GameplayKilling Floor 2 is a wave based FPS where the players have to complete every incoming wave and kill the endboss like in KF1. Players can choose and level up different classes which posses different perks. Each 5 lvl ups will unlock 2 perks where you can choose one of them. There are 4 difficulties you can choose, Zeds on harder difficulties posses new abilities which makes them even more dangerous and faster.Even as an early access game I can say that Killing Floor 2 is already very successful as it is.The monster ai which is not perfect but already incredible realistic and smart, makes the gameplay even more challenging. There are 7 maps and 7 classes atm and the custom maps from the community are a blast to play :P This is just the beginning and I'm very sure that the devs will keep updating it with more contents until they are satisfied with the outcome like they have done it with KF1.Gore-SystemThe new gore system is pretty much out of this world :D There are much more gore than in KF1 and the zeds looks much more realistic than ever. Plenty of weapon creates different gore effects so you won't get bored of it. Another note would be the censor of the gore system. I don't really care about the gore part but for those who loves it: There may be some cuts in the gore system for countries like Germany, Australia and Japan so buy it with caution :)DifficultyThe recent update with the sharpshooter weapons and with the increased ammo cap for most of weapons toned down the difficulty quite a bit. When I first played the game on HoE it was just madness but now HoE feels like Suicidal difficulty. The crossbow gives every class a change to kill the big zeds. You just need to aim on their head and make them unconscious then blast their heads off with your best weapon. I hope TWI won't tone the difficulty even more down to please the casual gamers. It is now pretty balanced if you don't suck at aiming :PMicrotransactionTripwire decided to addCS:GO microtransactionstyle into KF2 which I don't really like. A gamble system with crates and keys will only do more harm than good for the next generation of gamers. Gambling addiction is a serious illness! You want that♥♥♥♥♥♥in your favourite game? Hell no!All in all a very good game for some quick fast action.Recommend to anyone who are old enough to know how to not spend all the money into crates & keys."
,Recommended,232090,32223755,Posted: 6 June,all,Finnandja the Deathwisher,"Still waiting on my Harold Lott character pack tripwire, your move."
76561198027873867,Recommended,232090,33448365,Posted: 10 July,all,OG Hipstah Baybeh,"Really fun game, just like its prequel. Buy it. Buy it now."
,Recommended,232090,32656572,Posted: 22 June,all,Miss_Effect,I married a guy over this. This is the best co-op zombie survival game I've ever played.
76561198163858389,Recommended,232090,30753710,Posted: 26 March,all,︻气BLaCK-PULsE︻デ═─,I loved it. Plz add splitscreen.
,Recommended,232090,15491391,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,♫ 夏天,"Game is definitely good, its a must buy for everyone.But. The community is slowly becoming toxic as the game expands. I've never experienced such community on the past few days. Well. New game, new player. More player, the flaming begins.It'd be really much better if only adults can play this game. I noticed there's kids too."
,Recommended,232090,15718897,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Big Daddy Doob,When's the last time any company delivered what they promise in early access? 10/10 killed floors.
,Recommended,232090,15482920,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,SirVenon,you can become bleedy action man and request dosh - 11/10 IGN
,Recommended,232090,15483754,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Sexy Flanders,"I'm too busy waiting for the trading pod to open so here's a recipe for spaghetti bolognese.IngredientsFor the Bolognese sauce:2 medium onions, peeled and chopped1tbsp olive oil1 garlic clove, peeled and crushed500g lean minced beef90g mushrooms, sliced1tsp dried oregano or mixed herbs400g can tomatoes or chopped tomatoes300ml hot beef stock1tbsp tomato ketchup or purée1tbsp Worcestershire saucesalt and ground black pepperTo serve:350g spaghettifreshly grated ParmesanMethodPut the onion and oil in a large pan and fry over a fairly high heat for 3-4 mins. Add the garlic and mince and fry until they both brown. Add the mushrooms and herbs, and cook for another couple of mins.Stir in the tomatoes, beef stock, tomato ketchup or purée, Worcestershire sauce and seasoning. Bring to the boil, then reduce the heat, cover and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 30 mins.Meanwhile, cook the spaghetti in a large pan of boiling, salted water, according to packet instructions. Drain well, run hot water through it, put it back in the pan and add a dash of olive oil, if you like, then stir in the meat sauce. Serve in hot bowls and hand round Parmesan cheese, for sprinkling on top."
,Recommended,232090,15485151,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Redtailblack,Server issues aside it is a very fun game. Got a dedicated server set up to play with friends and it was a great time.
00120321789504843,Recommended,232090,15510706,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Schrodinger,"Absolutely a fantastic game .The Graphics,the Gameplay,the Weapons ... everything is simply well made in this game , including the New Boss .Gore,blood and lots of fun , even tough there are just 3 maps and a few weapons and perks at the moment , this is just the beginning , but soon the real fun begins ."
76561198070278769,Recommended,232090,15531180,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,❄Frostmourne❄,"This game is amazing, can't wait for more content:D"
,Recommended,232090,15528733,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,๖Cнerry,I miss Horny Trader ;(
,Recommended,232090,15616760,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,sHeep,AFFIRMATIVE
,Recommended,232090,15676916,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Remitheus,"Pros:-Infinite potential-Has all the awesomeness of KF1-Incredible gun realism-Incredible Graphics-Incredible Gore-Sprint-I LOVE the ranking system-More characters EVEN character customization!-The music choice could not have been better(needs more music, how do you add your own :o? Id rather not play music outside of the game because of tabbing reasons)Cons:-Still needs more guns, characters, and maps (still an early access so this is all expected)-IMO needs more zeds and bosses (still early access)-The new boss isnt intimidating at all... I mean he can kill you like the patriarch but the patriarch was just so much scarier. Mainly because he had a giant mouth in his chest and a rocket launcher that could kill you in a tick.-I cant think of anything else. Sat here for 5 minutes, gave up.11/10, needs more players"
76561198070608505,Recommended,232090,15731014,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,DukeNukem1991,Exceeds in every aspect from the first game. Highly recommend it to those who enjoyed the classic COD World at War: zombies mode. Six player mayhem doesn't get any crazier than this people.
,Recommended,232090,15499721,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Doom Slayer,"Just like Killing Floor 1, but with some purdiness into it. If anything moves, you open fire, no questions asked, no need for explanation, you just say FORNICATE IT and KILL! Buy it or die.UPDATE: its been awhile since i played kf2, around the time when sharpshooter came out. for over a year, since i last played it; i come back even more impressed than ever. introducing the swat class and some moderate gameplay changes the game has now surpass kf1 in aspect of replayability, gameplay quality, stragety and tactics, i now crown this game in ""Glorious Return"" category and now being officially launched this game will go far just as kf1 did and even beyond that. i cant in the coming years what content will be released to make this highly valued and truely dynamic in greatness!"
76561198006541362,Recommended,232090,15640026,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,stranger1982,"Killing Floor 2 offers a new take on the coop fps action that made its predecessor famous and,despite the clear limits of its Early Access status,is already shaping up to be a worthy sequel.Pros:-nice graphics,good details on the player and monster models-good sound design,every monster comes with its own roars/noises and they are actually quite important in knowing what you're up against before you even see it-decent amount of customization,three different areas can be customized for each character,and you can choose one of two perks every 5 levels-fun fps coop action,trying to survive each wave is very enjoyable,even more so when paired with friends and/or comptetent players-nice gunplay,weapons are easy and fun to use,good firing/reloading animations,there's also a nice amount of them-good map design,they're not as open as the first game,but there's quite a bit to explore with a decent amount of details to itCons:-only three maps at moment (more to come of course)-solo play is basically useless-since it's a coop game,your fun is often dependent on how the other players act,especially on higher difficulties-loading times feel a tad sluggishKF2 is a very enjoable experience already,it's good fun,it controls well and it provides a good amount of challenge. Sadly its EA status means the amount of content is still quite limited,and you might get bored by the lack of variety after a few matches.I feel it's worth its current price,but even if you'd prefer to wait for more patches you're not losing anything,since the devs already confirmed there'll be no difference in price once it's released."
76561198049315397,Recommended,232090,15521588,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Damage Theory,"The perfect way to kill zombies, good music, good weapons just beautiful"
,Not Recommended,232090,19698222,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Tajlor,"I never wrote a review before but this game is just a paceof crap IF we compare it to the previus episode.KF Uniqe usefull classes VS KF2 there is 2 or 3 classic who even can do anything and explosive weapons is just a jokeKF boss fight is hard and you literally♥♥♥♥♥♥in your pants when you face the boss VS KF2 you stand ahead of the boss, its hitting you , but your teammates healing you so no problem just chill and hit him until he diesKF you looking for equipment on the groud to use( cuz bascially every weapon can do demage if you can use it ) or sell VS KF2 you are buy some crap weapon that has no damage and then the firebug kills everithing (And the explosioons still  dont do any damage)So just buy KF 1 and play with it until KF2 gets better(maybe forever)And please do something with explosive weapons, but seriously 3 hits into a back of a boat or what is that big ugly fat thing and still dont die."
,Recommended,232090,15939174,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,nethead,"Its a cyberpunk version of kf, with better graphics and harder scrakes.  oh I miss the human trader too."
,Recommended,232090,26943494,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Clue,8/8 gr8 game
,Recommended,232090,27663537,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Renatows,Jogo muito bom
,Recommended,232090,28611409,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,✘ נєиѕ. ✘,"After 130hs in this game, I think it's time for a very little review.The game is fun, it's even better with friends. Most perks are enjoyable (depends what you like tho). Balance is a little more♥♥♥♥♥♥ after every update they make a perk stronger, but they also make a perk 'worthless'. You don't need to open cases, it's only for skins/items/outfits. So basicly you just buy the game, and you can have alot of fun without spending an extra single dime. The latest perk Survivalist... dunno what to think about that. It should be cool, but it's not in my opinion. I'd rather have a new melee class in-game. Anyways, it's a good game, defo worth it's money!"
,Recommended,232090,29157127,Posted: 9 January,all,Yee,In A World Full Of Zombies:As You Play As Different Peopleswatfield medicYou Will Encounter:fat zombiesscreming zombiescrawling in your skin zombiesand bosses that will make you throw your mouse across the roomand the game is:KILLING FLOOR 2!Coming to a theater near you!
76561198097633558,Recommended,232090,29402018,Posted: 21 January,all,Abdulrahman Alansari,Very fun game
76561198146407893,Recommended,232090,25247140,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,✪ Sp00n,this is one of the best zombie games i've ever played!!
,Recommended,232090,28095449,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Pyro Gourmand,"*to be edited later, Steam Awards and stuff*Recommended after all.It started out a little hollow, but it eventually got patched and fixed. It's now quite enjoyable with friends, but will get even better when they improve the readability of the gameplay mechanics.Compared with Killing Floor 1:- can't be run on a toaster anymore, it's Unreal Engine 3.- graphics can be turned up to look rather fancy.- harder to kite Zeds- harder to solo Zeds- gunplay is still damn good- less free ammo/loot around the map (but the merchant is balanced, don't worry)- blood is being sprayed everywhere now- perks are still grindy- much more enjoyable Berseker"
76561198026423628,Recommended,232090,29361438,Posted: 19 January,all,Kaz the Cursed ☦,Basically a strait upgrade to the original with more types of enemys better gore more perks easier leveling system character customization and it continues to get new content to keep things interesting. Glad I bought this instead of overwatch.
,Recommended,232090,31132485,Posted: 14 April,all,........,"KF 2 10/10 Love the GORE Love the GAME----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------KF 1 had it ALL but.... this just has a little bit more ;)Feel's like a Future Remake of Killing Floor 1, with new thing's added and included like :*Best NPC AI i have seen in a long time, or even Ever. (Loads of new characters and models)*Huge weapon variety too choose from. (including dual wielding)*Amazing GFX well optimized. (running 50+ fps on intel hd 4600)*Excellent Multiplayer, Even the PVP Aspect/Mode. (high ping sometimes but always stable)*Boss battles are as Fun as ****ing eating Cotton Candy.! (one of the best things about KF2)*Good Teammates non Toxic Community. (Everyone is always friendly very team based community)P.S. U Will Always Come Back To Shoot Some Zeds And Throw Dosh Around. ;) !!!!"
,Recommended,232090,27327781,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Towknee,What your dad thinks video games are. Apparently he is correct.
,Recommended,232090,29439384,Posted: 23 January,all,RMFG,"nowadays its hard to find a good co-op game when you literally played almost every good co-op game.I loved killing floor 1, i loved killing floor 2 in its early acces state and i still love the final release.i hope to see more good free dlc'sbtw you can play customs maps if the vanilla maps get boringgo get it, its on discount atm"
76561198333616734,Recommended,232090,30697862,Posted: 23 March,all,Weedz,"The best game of Zombies I've ever played in my life, that's it. Not even L4D is as good as KF2"
,Recommended,232090,34303207,Posted: 17 August,all,NaibChang,"Great game if all you want to do is to relax and kill zombies. Great graphics, great gameplay and weekly outbreak events that mixes things up by changing something up like only way to kill zombies is to do headshots or zombies explode when they die, etc.Get it for $12 on humble monthly(september 2017) and a bunch of other guaranteed positive games on steam."
,Recommended,232090,35245816,Posted: 27 September,all,Jerry,"Gore ✔Horror ✔Survival ✔Co-Op ✔Solo ✔Undead ✔Classes ✔Perks ✔Huge weapon variety ✔Fun ✔Levels ✔Different maps ✔Bosses ✔Decent graphics ✔Challenging ✔Outbrake in Europe ✔12 player PVP ✔Brutal Melee Combat ✔Waves ✔Hordes ✔Events ✔If you like anything from what I've mention, definitely grab this game and give it a shot! <3"
,Recommended,232090,27645937,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TriFG.PudgeWiggle,Time Player=More than worth the cost
76561198067075969,Recommended,232090,29745437,Posted: 6 February,all,Ricia,"If you love CO-OP, Tower Defense or Zombie Wave games, this is the game for you.If you are looking for a game with instaint gradification, then this is NOT the game for you. It takes time and dedication to really level perks and learn game mechanics, but the end result is many hours of fun.The communitiy is pretty solid and other players are usually up for helping eachother out. This is a CO-OP after and in this game team work really counts."
,Recommended,232090,34966447,Posted: 15 September,all,Allgrunfan50,"Okay, let me sit you through this review that'll take you alot to time to ♥♥♥♥ing read, so get your popcorn, your drink and let me tell you how this game is recommened.=========================================================1.The gameplay: The gameplay is fast-paced, gory and full of adrealine, next thing you know, you'll mow down hundreds of zeds and after the wave is ended, you're gonna be like ""What just happened right now? did i seriously kill them that fast without me realising it?""2.The graphics: The graphics are pretty good, i prefer to keep them default setting, but if you're that type of player that thinks Graphics are better than gameplay, here's two things i have to say: 1. There's the Ultra graphics settings and 2. ♥♥♥♥ you.3.In-game items: We don't talk about it.4.Enemies: The first and second waves are weak and easy zeds, the more waves you go through, the harder and challenging the enemies will be.Annnnnd that's about it, if you're thinking about buying this game, ♥♥♥♥ing do it, i tell ya."
,Recommended,232090,25931241,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Horrid,"Everything great about KF1 improved.Better graphics, more blood, gibs flying everywhere, more weapons, better hitboxes.Seriously everything has been improved, if you liked KF1 at all then you will like KF2. They even added in a VS mode, although I don't see a lot of players on those servers."
,Recommended,232090,26875940,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Falk3n,Dosh! Grab it while it's hot.
,Recommended,232090,27226224,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JG4_Karaya,"Frantic action, smooth gunplay, cineastic bullet time, a large arsenal of weapons ranging from pistols to RPG-7s and microwave guns as well as spot-on character/monster design make this 6 player coop game well worth its price!"
,Recommended,232090,30029541,Posted: 19 February,all,Faye!!,ถ้าจะหาเกม ที่ Co op ง่าย มีแต่ยิงกับยิงอย่างเดียว ไม่ต้องคิดอะไร มาก ก็แนะนำ เกมนี้ข้อดีคือ1.กราฟฟิก ที่ยกระดับสวยงานกว่า ภาค 1 มากกกๆ  เรื่องเลือดสาด ความสะใจ อันนี้ รับประกันเลย2.ด่าน อาวุธ ตัวละคร ที่หลากหลายและมี สกิล หรือ Perk แตกต่างกันไป ซึ่งยังคงเอกลักษณ์ จากภาค 1 ไว้อย่างดี3.ภาคนี้วิ่งได้แล้ว  แต่ศัตรู ก็จะเร็วและโหดขึ้นตามเช่นกันข้อเสียเซิฟยังปิงเยอะไปหน่อยโดยรวมแล้ว สนุกและคุ้มมาก ถ้า มันลด แล้วก็ ซื้อเถอะ
,Recommended,232090,30061309,Posted: 20 February,all,L3Ti,"It is a really nice game but they should add more gamemodes,because you do the same thing over and over,like maybe a infinite waves system or a pvp gamemode,add something not only new maps or new zeds."
,Recommended,232090,26872195,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,uint64,I want off Gibson's wild ryde.
76561197973353172,Recommended,232090,27180451,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rausku,This is what you get when you have KF1 and throw dosh on it
,Recommended,232090,27229661,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Desi,Game with big Fun Factor. Very hard to beat on higher difficulties. You gotta work as a Team to get the Job done.Never getting boring every single Round you play is different according to all the rounds before. Maps are made with a lot of Detail and look very good.
76561198090678364,Recommended,232090,28145955,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Poopenstein,"http://nlgo.net/2016/12/killing-floor-2-review/This says it all.TLDR;Lots of replayability, incredibly immersive, so much attention to detail, is an overall great game.90/100"
76561198043069277,Recommended,232090,34621820,Posted: 30 August,all,Retribution_3,So much better than the first. So much more addicting
76561198007279970,Recommended,232090,26422107,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,maltstar,"POSITIVE BIT:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Really enjoy this game.Fair price for the re-playability.Even better with a discount,The variety of different Zeds and their attack styles is really nice!Difficulty settings add new layers to the game with zeds dodging and jumping and using special abilities.Animations are great.Damage engine is satisfying and cool.Community maps are a mix but there are many cool levels to add to ur gameplay experience.If ur looking for a decent zombie game than this is it.Think resident evil meets COD zombies in a multiplayer survival context.NEGATIVE BIT:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------*Just need to see a more versatile way to play than stock styles as classes (sorry perks).Looking forward to the survivalist (which suggests to remedy this).*game needs some objective based gameplay (which is in development)please don't make it shallow though devs*after u get over the intial learning curve it becomes a nuisance to grind each class (sorry perk) to a high enough level to play on higher difficulty settingsCONCLUSION:worth every penny of 20 bucks30 bucks is negotiabledev team is contantly working on improving the experience and im sure this game will only get better and better"
,Recommended,232090,27318128,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PHTEEEEEVE,"I'm playing KF2 since the beginning of the early access. The Perks changed a few times during the EA.In comparison with KF1, I don't like the perks as much as I did in KF1.But with some Friends this game is so much fun to play.If u like killing Zombies and havin' fun with ur friends, than buy it!"
,Recommended,232090,27443281,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kevin the pumpkin,"Really goodIf you loved the first one, you'll enjoy the 2nd one.It's going to only get better with more content like the first one did when it launched."
,Recommended,232090,28094886,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Iron Bloke [24pz],"I decided to wait until Killing Floor 2 left early access to voice my opinion of the game. And it is safe to say that Killing Floor 2 (KF2) lives up to its predecessor’s name.The game excellently builds upon the predecessor, and competently tackles the themes of the previous game. Gore, guns, and gameplay are all enhanced over KF1, being able to literally “paint the town red” is one of the most fun things to do. The addition of a new boss character is great to see, and all maps are well designed. Gunplay is excellent, and zed time is more appealing. The breakdown of perks and the expansion to the levelling system is a great contribution to this game.Killing floor 2 does lack in some areas to the original (for me). These include, but are not limited to, inferior music. The iconic “abandon all” unfortunately does not make a return for the sequel, along with many other classic tunes. While fleshing out an expanding the perks was overall a fantastic idea, the survivalist perk is perhaps the weakest perk in terms of execution. I feel that this game has less heart than killing floor, however this could be the nostalgia of the original game.Things I hope to see soon:•	Xmas, summer and Halloween events. (tripwire has promised a return of these)•	The return of some classic maps (Wyre, west London, water works and other such classics).•	The option (or mod) to add classic KF1 music.•	A more expanded arsenal (this too has been promised)•	More characters•	More game modes (objective mode was fun, and I’d like to see a return!)In all, KF2 is a very competent sequel. I think it is perhaps unfair to compare KF and KF2 as they currently stand, rather it is more fair to compare the 2009 Killing Floor release and the Killing Floor 2 release. And in this respect, it is a wonderful game that truly expands the franchise. I hope that the longevity of this game lasts as long as killing floor!"
,Recommended,232090,30687584,Posted: 23 March,all,Yolocat12 (Zer0),"Now lets review Killing Floor 2 shall we? Killing Floor 2 is a co-op FPS where you fight incoming waves of zeds for 4-7-10 rounds, and then including a boss enemy, that is powerful and candestroy you in a snap if your not careful. The community in this game is amazing, they are really helpful for newbies to the game and will help you learn your Perk and role in the team. Now lets get into perks, each perk has a role, such as Gunslinger being your main damage dealer agaisnt the more powerful zeds, while Commando is your lesser zed and Stalker clearer. The zeds are also diverse, as each has a different look, and objective, such as Scrakes and Fleshpounds are the ones who deal the most damage agaisnt your team, while the lesser zeds job is to populate the map most of the time, or grab onto you to slow you down so there bigger friends can catch up and MURDER YOU! Each weapon feels powerful, and killing zeds is just so satisfying as you cover the walls in blood, and watching limbs fly over the place, or corpses go across the room. Now do I reccomend Killing Floor 2? Definitly, it is probaly one of the most addicting payed games I have ever played. Also, DOSH!"
,Recommended,232090,30696267,Posted: 23 March,all,Bebop,"The first one has TONS of content, this one is as fun and better looking and getting more stuff every update :D"
,Recommended,232090,33664523,Posted: 19 July,all,Jason Jesus Bourne Christ,"This game captures the gameplay, style and essence of KF1 and improves it in almost every fashion.The graphics, sounds, gunplay and maps are all a strong improvement over KF1.Leveling your characters is rather grindy unless this is your ""primary"" game you play."
76561198118929044,Recommended,232090,27133743,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,EdwardDB∅,B to throw cash in case of panic scenarios
,Recommended,232090,30025809,Posted: 18 February,all,Researcher,chased by 2 scrakes and 3 fleshpounds10/10would♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again
,Recommended,232090,30749842,Posted: 26 March,all,infector,i love this game
,Recommended,232090,34829617,Posted: 8 September,all,SweetishSlinky0,lots of blood and fun.
,Recommended,232090,34854241,Posted: 9 September,all,Reext,Absolutely brilliant.   Love this game!
,Recommended,232090,26453765,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,[FS] The Keeper -NW-,Naaaaaaaaaaise...;D
,Recommended,232090,29865614,Posted: 11 February,all,Player666,Nice game to waste time on
,Recommended,232090,30691335,Posted: 23 March,all,dARK0,you want to REALLY kick♥♥♥♥♥some zombies ??? here you go !!!
76561198046242117,Recommended,232090,31258390,Posted: 20 April,all,RyanS1357,Over the top violence + Heavy Metal + No overdramatic story. It's the perfect game.
,Recommended,232090,26866105,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,« C H Σ M »,"I was a bit skeptical about this game, and then I played it.... SO GOOD! I'm hooked, and the devs are still pumping out content! I fear that when the dungeon mode is released I will have to quit my job :) Very quick to pick up games, low latency, non-stop heart pounding action. Dual S&W .500s? Awesome..."
76561198011859116,Recommended,232090,27293377,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Benito,1!
,Recommended,232090,28155160,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,J( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Shn3ss,"I have to stay they outdone themselves on this one, great gameplay, harder zombies, lots of blood. 5/5"
,Recommended,232090,29361717,Posted: 19 January,all,TheSowut,Deserves an award for the beast soundtrack.
76561198129766087,Recommended,232090,34535854,Posted: 27 August,all,Jackmerius Tacktheritrix,Killing Floor 2 is a fantastic action wave survival game
,Recommended,232090,27028628,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AT God,"An impressive sequel to the original, Killing Floor 2 retains the tight gameplay of the original while adding plenty more to play with.  This game shows that art direction, attention to animation, and proper usage of colors are are much more appealing visually than running a game on the newest cutting edge engine.  Runs great at 144 FPS and has enough graphical options to run smoothly for just about anyone.  If it gets the long term support that the original game had, this will easily be one of the must have games for at least the next few years.  Only real complaint is my own grievance with randomized/slot machine style cosmetics.  While they do not affect the gameplay, I would much rather they just offer all of the skins and other cosmetic items as DLC instead of keeping some items locked behind roll of the dice loot boxes that require money to unlock.  If these cosmetics ever start to influence the gameplay this review could easily change but at the moment the game is almost flawless in executing what it set out to do."
76561198018508494,Recommended,232090,27279770,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Necromanncer,"After the gore fest that was Killing Floor 1, I went into this with high hopes, and boy oh boy were a lot of them met. Between a new visceral experience that took the best parts of the previous game and brought them back, new and improved, and all the newer features to make the overall experience that much more enjoyable, I honestly can't recommend this game enough. And with all the free updates adding even more to the game and promises of even more, it promises to be a great experience for anyone, whether you're a diehard fan or are just looking to spend a couple hours mindlessly killing Zeds while listening to some good music."
,Recommended,232090,27400724,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Xervan,Fun game
,Recommended,232090,33934967,Posted: 31 July,all,Kaspro #FREETAYK,Dosh Simulator 2k1710/10
,Recommended,232090,34563981,Posted: 28 August,all,[:MPG:]SwiftDeath,"KF2 so far is very entertaining and will definetly give you your moneys worth in gameplay and challenge.  If you enjoy wave based survival games, then you will definetly want to pick this one up."
76561197963819455,Recommended,232090,26874392,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jinnai,"A great first person shooter wave survival game.  Simplistic in nature, but complex in strategy required for higher difficulties.  The constant updates and new content keep me coming back.  I don't fully agree with the in game market, but it can be safely ignored thanks to random item drops at the completion of a round once every couple days.  A strong variety of classes and weapons should fit most play styles and it's a great game to play with friends."
,Recommended,232090,28104623,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,[ P o m ],"If you enjoy the color red, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,232090,28136619,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,NoOneOnBy,"(WARNING: IF YOU WANT TO SKIP ALL THE LORE AND RECOMMENDATIONS JUMP TO THE PARAGRAPH THAT STARTS WITH ""-Killing floor 2 is a first person shooter..."")Alright, since most people that DO have a lot of hours on kf2 write short, not-quite serious reviews and most of the people that write long, in-depth reviews barely have more than 30 hours on the game i'll do my best to guide you through the pros and cons of this game.First off, if you haven't played kf1 (kf2's predecessor) you should totally give it a try if the game is on sale (i've seen it have discounts up to -90% off so keep an eye on it and you'll eventually get it for a reasonable price hence it's sort of an old game), it'll give you a practical idea of what this game is all about. If you DON'T want to try kf1 first because of whatever reason then here's what you're looking for:Killing floor 2 is a game that takes place in a post-apocalyptic world where a huge company (Horzine) whose goal was to genetically evolve/improve humans had a big breakout in Europe, and now there's loads of specimens, from eyeless human-like creatures to buff ♥♥♥♥s with chainsaws n blenders for arms, nicknamed ""zeds"" crawling around the entire continent. Here is where the player takes place, groups of civilians & mercenaries gather around some of the most zed-populated areas to erradicate all zeds from the face of the earth. YOU are one of the mercs that were assigned this duty, and so, the ""killing floor"" takes place.-Killing floor 2 is a first person shooter survival horror game where your main goal is to survive (originally) 10 waves of enemies that grow in agression the higher the difficulty is set, before facing one of 2 bosses (as of 12/2/2016). Sounds quite simple but the higher difficulties prove to be quite a challenge. Before the game starts you're given the choice to select a perk (that you can level up to lvl25, you'll get to choose from one out of 2 different buffs for that specific perk each 5 levels, with a total of 5 different skills @ lvl25), which gives you different buffs depending on the perk, some perks focus on healing, some others on using shotguns, others machineguns, meelee...you get the idea, depending on your playstyle you'll find yourself most commonly going back to a certain perk you really like, but in all honesty, all perks are quite fun to use to me.PROS (in no specifical order):≽Visually stunning graphics.≽Can play either single player, local multi player or online multi player for up to 6 people (or more in custom servers) and even PvP.≽Has hard to obtain achievements that you'll sometimes struggle to get (specially with a bad team), and that's not an all around bad thing, many people i know like challenges, plus it gives you something to look up for.≽Matchmaking works really well now.≽Gets updated fairly often with new content and/or balance changes along with every update.≽The game's soundtrack is so amazing and fitting with the theme that you'll end up looking for the original songs to download and be able to listen to anywhere you go (which you can get by purchasing the Digital Deluxe Edition which is actually not that expensive hence it gives you not only the original soundtrack from the game but also the Digital Artbook, some in-game cosmetics AND a copy of kf1 :D sounds like a great deal to me).≽Fanbase is very loyal and there's ALWAYS someone playing kf2 at any time, though it's a little harder to find people playing on HoE hence it's difficulty.≽You can choose from a wide variety of characters to play as and even customize them to fit you even more.≽Great gore physics.CONS (again, not in any specific order):≽YES, MICROTRANSACTIONS. It's not always a bad thing to have this in a game but it's unappealing to many people because they feel that they're paying for something in a game that they already paid for, hence they should have all it's content. I personally think microtransactions on kf2 are perfectly fine since they are COMPLETELY AESTHETIC and do not affect gameplay, they're just weapon skins and cosmetics, which, you can actually get for free because of the random drop system. You'll get one free item per day, sounds cool?.≽The game is not in any way completely optimized and even if you have a powerful computer capable of running games at 4K 60FPS this game might not run as you'd expect wihtout tweaking some files. (YES, there IS  a .ini file that you can tweak to your likings, for people who feel confident enough to move around those kind of documents).≽Not everyone likes every single update, sometimes Tripwire nerfs stuff when no one on the community complained about it, tho most of the time they fix it soon enough.≽The game DOES NOT run at all if you have a 32-bit operating system.≽Gameplay is sometimes repetitive to some people, but i personally feel like the wide variety of perks n weapons completely makes up for it.CONCLUSION:As you can see, the pros mostly outweigh the cons. This game is truly worth a try if you love gore or survival horror, or just the ""zombie"" theme in general. Give it a try!Thank you so much for reading my massive wall of text, this is N signing out. Take care and have fun c: !"
,Recommended,232090,30778721,Posted: 27 March,all,Feeder Castro,This game is so metal.10/10
76561198158814812,Recommended,232090,31819674,Posted: 18 May,all,DeadlyStinger,10/10
76561198093243898,Recommended,232090,26473260,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,STS Prometheus,Awesome game!
,Recommended,232090,27129368,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mon Zombo,"Though it has a different rhythm and dynamics, it is just as good and better thank Killing Floor. The new graphics and lighting system add a lot to the ambience, even on a gameplay level. Killing zeds is more responsive and satisfying, and the new levelling system rewards you with much better bonuses and cool tricks, not to mention it doesn't take an eternity, unlike KF1.Despite having pretty good graphics, it performs extremely smoothly; I tried it out on my old toaster laptop and I didn't have much of a problem playing, so props to the team for optimization.All in all, it's an upgrade from its predecessor in almost every way, and KF1 was excellent already."
,Recommended,232090,34112533,Posted: 8 August,all,Mr. Z,"Its a good wave shooter, theres a fair amount of maps to play and lots of custom maps."
,Recommended,232090,27522997,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Xenosphobatic,"Fast paced, team focused, shoot em up with actually intelligent ways of integrating difficulty settings and class abilities."
76561198045123541,Recommended,232090,31032487,Posted: 8 April,all,SickBanga,it's a pretty sick game
76561198180896030,Recommended,232090,33275836,Posted: 5 July,all,My Dad Is a Racist,You can sprint backwards.11/10
76561198016734509,Recommended,232090,33951077,Posted: 1 August,all,evil_cAt,Best zombie shooter I've ever played. Love this game
76561198094775445,Recommended,232090,34410459,Posted: 22 August,all,Envy,"Addicticted..Nice graphic,  nice game coop,  fun(9/10)  for this game"
,Recommended,232090,25664128,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Pangaean-American,"Killing floor? More like Filling Bore.  This game is like the zombies you shoot,♥♥♥♥♥less. You buy guns from a shop that does no background check before you buy and zombies that bump into you without saying sorry. Would play this game more if they add Aliens.Final score: Obama's first child / Wall around New Zealand"
,Recommended,232090,26306955,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Nathorix,"If you like shooting, and you like zombies. Buy this game. In this game, you shoot zombies."
76561197990567941,Recommended,232090,27982930,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Yuka,Just as good as KF1. I'm still on the fence about the darn store thingies.
76561198081153719,Recommended,232090,15644943,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Chef Boyardee,"This game works for me now, so 10/10 would buy deluxe again"
,Recommended,232090,15530926,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Cravitus,"Zombies? Check.Gore? Delicious.Guns? Limited (but polished).Friends? Depends.If you're looking for a good-looking and great-feeling Co-op Zombie Shooter, you'll want to follow Killing Floor 2.Note that I said follow, and not buy.As it stands, KF2 is indeed early access.Just three maps, a single repeating boss, and a somewhat painfully limited weapon selection hurt a polished experience.However, they're three fun and great-looking maps, a challenging and interesting boss, and some great weapons, with more on the way due to early access.So I repeat, if you're in the mood for good looks, a great feel, and Co-Op action, you'll want to follow KF2.But, in case you want to buy it, Pick a class, grab a gun (or a melee weapon), and start killing Zeds and earning Dosh.Preferably with up to Five Friends."
76561197976541218,Recommended,232090,15502240,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Ilu ✅,"With all my heart - this is a masterpiece, but most of all, it doesn't require best pc to play it on high performance. Bought it in minutes when it became available, and i can trully say that the developers totally deserve oscar. 10/10. :P"
,Recommended,232090,26361341,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,dogfox101,"Nice devs, but long time period between updates which are well worth the wait."
,Not Recommended,232090,23662611,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Pasta Lasagna,"This game once great, but each update has made it worse and worse.  The devs do what they want and don't really listen to the fans at all."
,Recommended,232090,17883221,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Lord VonBreburg,"The gameplay didn't change, but that's the perfect part. No more ""how does this game get played dificulties"" even gamer's who are new to killing floor can get in tome very quikly. I only have played it for a few minutes, but I already like it as much as the previous one. Also it has been a long time ago when I had played killing floor, but with a bit of mouse sensitivity tweeking I was already doing much better (I like a low mouse sensitivity because i liked the lever action rifle, crosbow and m99 from killing floor. and I aim better with a slow mouse). great sceanes with a lot of improvements and great idea of putting in a character option and customizations menu. Overall GREAT GAME! I Love it!"
76561198058156743,Recommended,232090,26679377,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Inspector Dosh,"So, Killing Floor 2 has finally left Early Access after about a year and a half with what I think is a huge improvement over the first Killing Floor. There has been a few bumps here and there with the whole microtransaction thing during early access and the somewhat slow update speed, but what we got here is something that is worth your $30-$40 USD depending on if you want to buy the digital deluxe edition. If you're somehow new to Killing Floor, I'll give you a breakdown of the main gameplay loop: shoot zeds, earn money, buy guns, throw dosh, back to shooting zeds, rinse and repeat, then boss. I gotta tell you, I have played this game ever since Early Access launch on April 21, 2015 watching it slowly grow as the days go by, but like I said before, the whole Early Access process wasn't perfect.CombatIn terms of gunplay and melee combat, this is a huge improvement with smooth animations and good sound assets making you feel like you are actually playing with real guns instead of what I think most shooters do is make them sound and feel indistinguishable from one another (I'm looking at Left 4 Dead). What most developers do when handling melee combat in a first person shooter is mostly made as a last resort with janky animations and sometimes dodgey hit detection similar to how melee was handled in the first Killing Floor despite having a class that purely focuses on melee weapons. All of the melee weapons here have a feeling of weight behind those swings. I like how they handled the difficulty this time around as they decided to add additional abilities for all zeds with some of them being more agile and harder to hit and perhaps my favorite change is the husk who gets a new flamethrower attack and if near death, it will try to take your life by suiciding. The main thing I did not enjoy from the first Killing Floor was how long it took to level up your perks and with that, if I wanted to play on the higher difficulties due to boredom, most servers that play hell on earth have a plugin that autokicks players who joins with a perk lower than level 5 and even if you do play it with 5 other people, the enemies are so bullet spongey that it makes all the weapons feel weak on top of the price of weapons if you're not max level. At least in Killing Floor 2, if you have enough experience with the game then you can certainly attempt to play hell on earth at low levels, although people tend to kick low levels off of hell on earth games with a certain degree of understanding.ClassesThe game now has 10 perks for you to pick from with a certain set of weapons in that they specialize in, but that doesn't stop you from taking off perk weapons if you'd like just like in the first Killing Floor, only except it's more viable because in the first game, the weapons were so ridiculously expensive and did so little damage on the higher difficulties, especially hell on earth, it was almost never worth considering. Going into the whole Survivalist perk that was added on release, a lot of people were disappointed with it only because at a glance there were no new toys for us to play with. Now for those of you who do not know what I'm talking about, the perk is a jack of all trades kind of perk that utilizes every weapon in the game to the best of its ability while not really exceling at anything at the same time, meaning the perk does not get their own unique set of weapons. I get it. It's always nice to have more toys to play with, but this whole thing reminded me on what the culture of Early Access is like in general. Some people feel entitled to have anything they want thinking that they and they alone have influence of the entire development process and that is annoying to see that constantly flooding the Steam forums. While people do have genuine criticism for certain things and that's a good thing to see, but then you have other people who leave nothing of value for Tripwire to consider and instead just insult them just for adding microtansactions and perhaps a few other things that are maybe out of Tripwire's control or perhaps something better for the game in the long run. Call me a fanboy all you want, but I'm just trying to have a better understanding of the whole development cycle. They never had any set promises, but people just started to fill in the blanks on their own, just like what people did with No Man's Sky only to a lesser extent.Game ModesAs of launch, there are only two game modes to consider, but looking at which is more popular, it almost feels like there's only one and that's kind of sad to see that. There is coop survival mode where you have up to 6 players fighting against waves of zeds up to the boss round where they will not hesitate to turn you into their next science experiment. Versus Survival is a player vs player version of the regular coop mode and while it does have a few balancing issues, it's still fun to play every once in a while, but unfortunately it's not a very popular mode.MusicI have to say, this game made me into a Demon Hunter fan. Roughly about half of the soundtrack is originally composed by a guy who goes by zynthetic who also did the soundtrack for the first Killing Floor and the other half is licenced music from various artists, most of them are from Demon Hunter.The Big Bad Business ModelTo keep it simple, all of the items in the game are purely cosmetic that offers no statistical advantage whatsoever and you don't need to buy them if you don't want to.CharactersThis is a purely subjective opinion, but now every single character has their own unique voice lines instead of recycling the same 3 sets of dialogue for every character that gets released. I know some people miss the cheesy voice acting from the first game, but they do make a return here, it's just that some people are not 100% satisfied just because it's not exactly the same, but again it's purely subjective. Some voice commands are missing from the first game like a command for thank you or the insult players command.MapsCurrently there are 12 official maps at the time of release both from Tripwire themselves and a few community made maps becoming official similar to what they did with the first Killing Floor. If you are ever bored with those maps, there are other community made maps on the workshop for everyone to enjoy.Even after almost 800 hours at the time of this review, I still enjoy Killing Floor 2 as I think there is enough content for first timers to jump in and have a blast with your friends shooting zeds and chucking dosh at each other. How Killing Floor 2 manages to keep you in the core gameplay loop is entirely dependent on how much you like the weapons and how much you like playing horde mode. In my opinion this is 100x better than Call of Duty Zombies."
,Not Recommended,232090,23662809,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,TOMTESLA,Poor balance team especially for higher difficulties.
,Recommended,232090,15513805,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Blap,Did you like Killing Floor 1?Do you like killing zombies?Do you want zombies to move quickly and kill your faces?Do you want to get through all the waves and get wiped by the boss a few times and then learn how to kill him and wreck his face? Do you want to fail at that sometimes but enjoy the sweet satisfaction of destruction? Get Killing Floor 2!Also there's a sledgehammer that can release explosive rounds into your foes.  It is badass and by far my favorite weapon in the game.  Zombies look better classes/weapons are fun A+ Even in early access :D
76561198271430928,Recommended,232090,33458531,Posted: 11 July,all,Duran,It's better than Friday the 13th the game.Buy this instead.The ps4 version is good as well.
,Recommended,232090,15977842,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,ViiPeRzMichael,really fun!
,Recommended,232090,33579106,Posted: 16 July,all,Methos,"It is a very solid wave based survival FPS.  You can play solo, but it encourages playing as a group.  The team limit is six people.  For anyone that ever enjoyed Halo firefight or CoD zombies, I think this is just an overall improvement over both.  I love the different available claases (or as Killing Floor calls them, perks) you can play as and use to create cohesive team compositions.  The inclusion of this compounds how much fun it is to play with friends.  I am also really happy to see the developers embrace Steam Workshop and allow people to make custom maps that can even be played on the online servers."
,Recommended,232090,29389325,Posted: 20 January,all,Gwidhw,"Killing Floor 2 dazzles with HD quality assets, but can't shift the appeal of the original.=====Short and to the point, I'll be:Killing Floor 2 is a game that took quite some time to make, and that shows. It has high quality, detailed assets, and enough visceral combat to make your own eyes bleed.. however what it doesn't have is the same appeal that keeps people coming back to the original.If you're looking for a game that's more Counter Strike in feel, with more flash and HD assets, then this is the game for you. You'll drool over the visuals and amazing looking levels, as well as swoon for the ""upgrades"" made since the origin of the ""franchise"". As well, the addition of character customization is a definite positive.Though, if you're looking for good, accessible, non-complicated, mindless fun, that's a little rough around the edges but not without its appeal (and English tones sprinkled throughout) then Killing Floor (the original) is the way to go.For me, it's got some great things going for it, but visual appeal aside, I'd just as soon play KF and set this one on the shelf....that's not to say it isn't solid in itself~"
,Recommended,232090,16692595,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Pepethor,"For an early access, it runs pretty good and it's nicely polished. The gun play is incredibly satisfying. Each montster (zeds) have a character, their voices, animations, AI is just excellent. Higher difficulties does NOT mean bullet sponge monsters, rather they become more agile, gain new abilities and become smarter. Maps are desinged really well and game also supports community made maps. There are plenty of characters you can select and costimize, voice overs and animations for them are very well made as well. There are only 4 classes right now but there will be more.Now let me critisize this beauty a little bit. The commando class is a bit useless. Another thing bothers me right now is that there is really not much content in the game. They are adding new maps and stuff but slowly. This game will definitely be a masterpiece when it fully releases, for now it's still a fun blast. Ultimately it's your choice."
,Recommended,232090,16551572,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,D U C C W O R T H,"I love this game, as well as the original, I just want Tripwire to update it more often, it gets boring with 4 maps and limited classes and weapons."
,Recommended,232090,15490175,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Foolish Ninja,"Just bought it, but I know it will be one of the 500h+ games!"
76561198065757906,Recommended,232090,15488811,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,da nice time kid,"Better graphics, better gameplay, better gore system and fun as ♥♥♥♥ multiplayer. Whats not to buy.Zeds actually look scary as ♥♥♥♥ and since the maps are so narrow I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants when I get jumped by a scrake as a commando(tip: spam 'g')"
76561197978192450,Recommended,232090,15529995,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Mishka CSGOGEM.com,Best game on steam
,Recommended,232090,15483647,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Anzu Futabancho,"DOSH! Grab it while you can, lads!"
76561197970785554,Not Recommended,232090,19721163,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Hal_2005,"6 player left for dead/payday style creep-killing. The AI is pretty dull, but thats why they are ""zombies""Game has weak level mix, so if you enjoy 4 levels to cure your OCD/Autism itch, or you just like bad content generation then this is your game. This game had a huge amount of hype while it was in development so don't let the large ""positive"" review rating trick you. Most of them were early access reviews 1 year ago, when this game was largely filled with hope & change. Now its mostly filled with microtransactions.... and not so much change (in your pocket).Avoid."
,Recommended,232090,15526690,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,aFriend|yCow_{HoF},"First things first, I am going to support this game to this FULLIEST!!My Cons: The young Asian man voice is sounds like an old depressing man,the old man priest voice is Indina Jone's father's voice andMr. Froster is a cocky British b.a.s.t.a.r.d.The french lady's Voice is very attractive, I love her punk clothing style, but her body is average attractive and her face is not that attractive looking at all, so I cover up her face with the gas mask or scraf. The black guy gives me a vibe of submissive personally or maybe too laid back.I am hoping they put all the KF1 weapons of non-DLC (besides the gold weapons, I want them added in game) are back in game later on development in this game. Also I am hoping all KF1 perk classes and more new classes in KF2.Last thing, I hope is a way to have an ability to self heal or reload while to run away from zeds and Hun. And let the Berserker literally have animation of dodging zeds attacks and run, jump, and jumps off the wall dodging zeds than attack again or able to kick all zeds by pressing the V key to kill tier 1 and 2 and stumble tier 3 zeds like Scrake gets off balance or kick Hun off of you for a moment. Reason I say this is because I see FleshPounder jumping off the widow doing front flips while I jump like whimp with a shovel in my hand, Just saying. You wanted to be a badass game even more, than go back to the source of this game as a mod in Unreal Tournament 2004 when everyone can run, dodge, jump twice, jump and dodge off walls as everyone was killing Zeds.Anyways, I cannot wait to level up all my perks to MAX for hours, days, weeks, and months or maybe a year or two of years Tripwire decided to rise all the class preks levels! Again, I am going to support this game to this FULLIEST as I am a FAN BOY of Killing Floor!!!"
,Recommended,232090,15572062,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Francis,"I enjoyed Killing Floor, and this one brought a bunch of improvements to that game.I like the idea of fending off waves, it's something I enjoyed doing when playing custom game modes in warcraft 3, starcraft a handful of HL2 mods.It's pretty easy to get into, but hard to master at the very highest difficulty.The community is usually very social too, which is nice."
76561197983712715,Recommended,232090,25206898,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Zargani,GG. Period.
,Recommended,232090,26927565,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Huskuas,"Been playing this game ever since the Closed Beta, it was a little rough at first, but the development quickly picked up and damn! It's got quite a lot of content now and this is always a go-to game for me whenever I've nothing else to do, definitely worth the buy now."
76561198077952695,Recommended,232090,33588509,Posted: 16 July,all,godgoku90,"Guns blazing madness, even if you never played the first Killing Floor you will find yourself playing this game for hours, 100% addictive."
76561198124507644,Recommended,232090,26259426,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,ClaymoreKyle,If you like COD zombies or L4D series you will probably like this game.
,Recommended,232090,27212982,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Toothy Horizon,Too much blood and gore for fun
76561198050376854,Recommended,232090,31516197,Posted: 2 May,all,Dr. Lucian Sanchez,Great mindless fun.
,Recommended,232090,26983895,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lgd | Issues,Nice game to play with skilled friends.
76561198091331962,Recommended,232090,28154466,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,A Scrake At the Door,It's like left for dead but without the helicopter.
,Recommended,232090,33804990,Posted: 26 July,all,Dume Phist,Get ready to kill some floors.-10/10 IGNNow if only they could bring the clowns back. That was the best event ever.
,Recommended,232090,26065392,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Echidna,"I remember that I played KF1 from a free weekend and instantly fell in love w/ it, then I decided to buy KF1 until I saw KF2 available for early access, so I've bought this game in full price last April 2015 and here are my thoughtsPROS:-core gameplay is still present from KF1-game is noob friendly-great graphics and optimization-devs are listening to the community's demands-great game w/ friends-microtransactions are clearly optional and purely cosmetic-more perks than KF1-perk leveling is revamped and some gameplay mechanics are added like sprinting-characters now have their own voices and personalities in compared to KF1's 1 male and female voice for everyone-runs like a complete game despite this is in early access game, looks good too *looks at DayZ*-Versus mode added to spice things up, similar to L4D's versus mode-2 bosses in comparison to KF1's the one and only Patty (Matriarch where are you?)-throwing dosh at a defeated boss is quite satisfying :)CONS-KF1 has more maps than KF2 (community custom maps and 30+ player servers are available so no big deal)-Objective mode is not present(yet)-Floor still don't kill you since 2009 (2005 if you include the mod)Final Score:9/10Recommeded for those who likes a good coop; games like L4D, COD Zombies, Sniper Elite Zombies, etc.Not Recommended for those people who always rants ""KF1 is better!"" (idk because before I encounter these people a lot of times)"
,Recommended,232090,26288847,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Dex,Zombies + Coop = Fun we can't ask for more !
,Recommended,232090,28115447,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Hattori,"This game is really great, I usually play with friends which is more fun but also I play solo online. The entertainment the game offers is very enjoyable. I never played the Killing Floor 1 but Killing Floor 2 is better for the graphics and the potential that it has. Also the game is very addictive.Definitely I recommend buy this game!"
,Recommended,232090,25667539,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,HΞXУ,"KILLING FLOOR 2It’s a co-op survival horror game. that lets you have  Up to 6 players in online co-op mode. You can also play alone if you so desire. but personaly i find it more fun to play online since you get more specimens for having more players in the game, and it makes the game harder.The main goal of the game is to cleanse each area of Specimens, until you get to the last one. Then there is the boss fight that you have to win against to complete the mission. pretty simple but alot of fun.The game is best played in a group with people who can rely on each other and work together to try to camp out the 10 waves of death that will come. To make this even more team based you have difference classes that got there unique Perks / passive skills you get while levelling up that can help your team in some various ways some perks are more for personal use.The game have 4 difficult stages from Normal -> Hard -> Suicidal -> Hell On Earthonce you start playing on Suicidal that's when it gets interesting. Some of the specimens have special abilities that will make the game a bit more hectic at times and also to provide a more dynamic game play."
,Recommended,232090,26955393,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,☆VK☆,like i wrote 6 years ago about KF 1 review same here Its sick♥♥♥♥♥game if u like zombie stuff and demolish those diffrent kind of infected wierdos with metal music now better visuals insane♥♥♥♥♥gore system last time i saw cool gore system was soldier of fortune 2 :D and heck that was decades ago + it has 2 diffrent bosses and large♥♥♥♥♥maps compared too KF 1 its just evry way better than KF 1 was only thing missing yet is special event updates what they probly start doing in future just too early cause the game just fully released almost week ago reccomend highly to those who like to kick some infected♥♥♥♥♥with friends and metal music!.
76561198051105224,Recommended,232090,27210430,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,imbajoe,Top game     -   haterz  git gud
,Recommended,232090,26943700,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kienny,Awesome!
,Recommended,232090,27277669,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ManaTime,"If you loved kf1, you will love this.Update graphics, new villian and classes, its beautiful!Music is great, just hoping for new themes with the zeds! :D"
,Recommended,232090,27306336,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Spook'd Beniboi,"It's got gore, Violence and pretty graphics...I did this for the badge leave me alone"
,Recommended,232090,29414747,Posted: 21 January,all,RaRa,Zombies and Death Metal!
,Recommended,232090,34706988,Posted: 3 September,all,The Dingle Stan,"Killing Floor 2 makes for a fantastic Zombie survival experience. In this case, the zombie type of enemy are known as ""Zeds,"" and they come in a variety of different types, with each type currently having an alternate version in which their stats are increased.This leads to a lot of variation in the types of enemy you have to kill through to survive. You've got many enemy types you'd expect from this genre of gaming: there are weak yet pervasive Zeds, tougher looking and attacking zeds, one wielding a chainsaw for an arm and another a flame-rocket launcher!You also have a slew of weaponry and characters to choose from, along with a relatively simplistic yet enjoyable customisation screen. What might be a nice edition would be for there to be more modular customizable bits, such as unlockable hats you could put unlockable graphics on (like in an old tony hawk game, for example), along with shirts that had the same customizable feature.Currently, though, the customization suffices.There is workshop compatibility, which means you are going to have no shortage of levels and curated items to keep you coming back for more, if the unlockable and levelling up systems weren't enough already.Now, to one complaint I do have with this game that could be fixed easily. Have players be able to ready up between waves, in single player or multiplayer, so that you don't have to wait out the timer and can get to enjoying the game quicker. Besides that, I'd recommend this game to anyone wanting a fresh survival experience, or a full upgrade from KF1. With tight controls and a nice sense of open endedness to boot, this game shouldn't be out of your library."
,Not Recommended,232090,23677657,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Spookyfather,"Honestly? I'm disappointed. That's the only way I can sum up how I feel about this game. They took something with an amazing yet simple formula of group up with your friends and smash zombies or just run through solo listening to kickass music. How could they mess it up?Damage resistance was the final straw for me. Playing with friends? Remember to make an ideal team composition because ♥♥♥♥ having more than one of the same class. Want to play solo? ♥♥♥♥ you, your weapon is useless against several zeds. Add in the constant teleportation that's never been fixed and the game is just unfun.If I could refund this game I would. Buy Killing Floor 1 instead."
,Recommended,232090,16223857,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,John D. Rockefeller,"If you liked the old game, this is just a massive graphical improvement. There is also a huge increase in difficulty. However, there are currently only a couple classes and weapons, but since this is still early access that's alright. Overall, I recommend it immensely for all fans of KF1."
,Recommended,232090,15518556,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,«๖ۣۜMk17»UnknownSoldier137,"For newcomers: this is essentially a co-op zombie killing game with very diverse enemies and weapon choices. The gunplay is some of the smoothest and most satisfying that you will find in any game period. It is visually beautiful. It is addicting, and co-op means online play will never get boring. There are many perk levels to keep a sense of progression in the game. Buy this game and you will not regret it.For those who are considering returning to this game:Killing Floor 2 has now been in early access for a long time, and a lot has changed from the initial build. There is now a solid amount of content, including 9 perks and something like 15 maps. A lot of game mechanics have been added, removed or changed, and I think it is safe to say that the balance is fairly good in this game. Tripwire is constantly collecting data and making changes and *Finally* taking player feedback into account in a big way. A lot of the requested features are now in the game, including longer flashlight battery and reduced teleportation of zeds. Some things will probably never change, like the microeconomy, but that doesn't change the fact that this is an incredibly solid game. I have very easily soaked 300+ hours into this game so far. Tripwire promises to add much more content in the future, including more bosses, weapons, and objective mode. I cannot wait to see how KF2 will continue to evolve in the future."
,Recommended,232090,15603315,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,beuna,Capolavoro
,Recommended,232090,15776078,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,mouse,"Solid gameplay, nice music, doesn't look like most of the ""Early Access"" products at all. Only four playable classes and three maps though, but that doesn't affect my impressions."
,Recommended,232090,15643397,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,LUGOSI,aww yiss.
,Recommended,232090,16057198,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,FishFrog,"Early Access Review:So far, this is the most polished and enjoyable early access game I've played. Gameplay is faithful to the original. Waves of zombies that gets progressively difficult and ends with a boss. Teamwork shines in Killing Floor 2. I've lost early in a game due to poor teamwork and also beaten a game with ease with good teammates. Leveling doesn't feel tedious; it feels like a natural progression from playing the game. Each class has a unique feel and compliments the other classes. The graphics are superb in every way. The zed have beautiful designs and the gore adds to the atmosphere of the game. The levels that are in-game so far are well designed and fun. Soundtrack is of course on point and if you spend the extra $10 for the premium (deluxe?) edition you get the soundtrack as mp3 files.The only downsides stem from the natural state of an early access game. Not enough classes at the moment which can lead to some one dimensional gameplay at times (support spamming AA12 for later waves).  The limited number of levels, 3 at launch and 4 currently, also means you'll be seeing the same thing over and over. There's only one boss at the moment but KF 1 only had one boss as well but this boss fight isn't quite as enjoyable and his appearance isn't as polished as the models for the other zed.Overall, Killing Floor 2 is worth the price as is and it will only get better. Tripwire provided fantastic support for Killing Floor 1 and I expect the same for this one. Seasonal updates were always great fun. They've already promised to include more classes and levels given time."
76561198116896720,Not Recommended,232090,19514082,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,iKxiiner,Microtransactions during early access? hahaha what a joke.The game is good and funny btw.7/10.
76561198057871957,Recommended,232090,20584464,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,"WildBlood*,,*",better than black ops 3 zombies and when they will finish making it killing floor 2 will be the best zombies game
,Recommended,232090,18018440,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,fly8fly,"Although it is quite boring after an hour or two of playing, it's still a good game.Right now there isn't many maps or weapons but I'm sure the devs are adding more to it."
,Recommended,232090,34907344,Posted: 12 September,all,casualت,Is gud
,Recommended,232090,29106553,Posted: 7 January,all,Rick C-137,"Slice and dice, shoot em with shotguns,hit em hard with makeshift weapons,blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up,run into battle with a shield and sword. Also badass soundtrack 10/10"
,Recommended,232090,28753307,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jewaii™,Gud gam boiz.
,Recommended,232090,33660057,Posted: 19 July,all,wickeD,"Any game that has an option slider for ""gore intensity"" is a 10/10 in my book."
76561198096298766,Recommended,232090,33849966,Posted: 28 July,all,Mennoi,Underated game!!!!
,Recommended,232090,28638856,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,YukimuraヾSam,"A worthy sequel, the gameplay just feels right"
,Recommended,232090,28120622,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,djcoolness2121 - Spooky Skele,"Killing Floor 2 is a Game where you Mash all the Zeds you encounter on the map you have chosen whether its with Friends, randoms or by yourself!  You can Set them on Fire to Bllowing em' up with C4 or BEAT THEM TO DEATH WITH A SHOVEL!I would always say yes to buying KF2."
76561198130547989,Recommended,232090,28306043,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Mr.Maverick,Gore?Check.Badass metal/hard rock soundtrack?Check.Lots of fun with friends?Check.Shut up and take my money tripwire
76561198006408511,Not Recommended,232090,19627048,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Piddles,Microtransactions > content
,Recommended,232090,26158675,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Ulis,"Pretty underrated game and is actually an extremely good zombie-slayer type of game, even in early access. The gun play is really solid, class system is cool, maps are big and the graphics are very good aswell.If you enjoyed Killing Floor 1, you'll probably like this one too."
,Recommended,232090,25975219,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Spy Kids Fanboy,its like mario kart with zombies
,Recommended,232090,15504874,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Stero,Its like a KF Just 2x better
,Not Recommended,232090,23615231,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,✪KarumoChrome,pls more crates and less updates love it
,Not Recommended,232090,24200963,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Thievingmex1can,This is literally what happens when a dev makes an incredible game without realising what actually made that game incredible. Save the money and buy KF1
76561198110737825,Recommended,232090,22280148,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,stavka,"The first was a cult classic, now new and improved... highly recomended"
76561198031644152,Recommended,232090,28960099,Posted: 2 January,all,JohnSmith,I played a few hours it's quite good.
,Not Recommended,232090,23676729,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Gorgonnus,this suck now
76561197980034678,Not Recommended,232090,22152451,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,👿ⱾӈΩҠΩ👿,Updates coming to slowly and balance issues remain.
,Not Recommended,232090,23254026,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Killenblabla,communist
,Recommended,232090,15479261,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Kangsta,"+ Stunning visuals with persistent gore and cool slow-motion+ Improved perk leveling and skill system for each perk+ New boss with tactical attacks+ Amazing sound effects from the howl of a fleshpound to the hail of smg bullets during zed-time+ Simple, solid horde shooter co-op. Aim, shoot and don't get eaten.The game is still in development, at the beginning of the early access you get 4 perks with 25 perk levels each, 4-5 weapons per perk and 3 maps with 4 difficulty options."
76561197989626742,Not Recommended,232090,19245621,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Halfskeloton,suddenly microtransactions for a game that isn't even out TY TWI.
,Recommended,232090,18230915,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,ThatGuyTim,"In this game, you kill things, and there are floors."
76561198014592185,Not Recommended,232090,19245513,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Zastlyn,Microtransactions to an un-finished game. Cmon Tripwire :(
76561198033311893,Not Recommended,232090,19245497,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Inco,Microtransactions in an early access game that only had one major update in 8 months.
76561198024822178,Not Recommended,232090,22157844,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,irreversal,its past 2015 when they said it would be done and its a mess with a pathetic amount of content for how long its been in the works. there is now the key and crate system in the game before its even finished. better off playing the first one still.
,Not Recommended,232090,19244383,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Splunge,Ya ♥♥♥♥ed up.
76561198108898366,Not Recommended,232090,19718536,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Seyd,"Fun game if you have friends to play with. The game sports an offline mode, but it's intended to be played with a group. Game is very repetitive, survival mode only, and trader shop only lets you buy weapons and restock on ammo, armor, nades; there's no upgrade feature (which I think would be nice if there was). There's only 2 things you can customize on this game: your character and your perks (which are tweaks to how your weapons/character function). Character customization is limited and even more limited without making some microtransactions, and in order to get perks you have to put a decent amount of time into this game to get anything worthwhile out of them. I only played a few hours but it seemed quite playable even without those two things. In my opinion I'd wait for more content to be released before buying this as this game is not worth the $30 dollars. I honestly like the music more than the game itself.DO NOTE: I am not telling you to not buy this game. It is a really fun game and I enjoy the classic zombie head busting, and the different classes does somewhat change the impact of the game, but that's all there is to it right now. My best advice is that I'd wait until this either goes on a huge sale, or until there is a lot more content added. Also, microtransactions have a no impact on the game, so don't worry about the pay2win crap people talk about (if any)."
,Recommended,232090,30871535,Posted: 1 April,all,Bunny,Wouldnt recommend playing Online unless your perk is lvl 15 plusCuz apparenly you arent allowed to be on a hard server as a lvl 11 even tho hard is the easiest game mode ever -_-
,Recommended,232090,26948751,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cheaplikeafox,Best game evar!
,Recommended,232090,31794259,Posted: 16 May,all,jusT Why,"f*cking love it. gore is at it's best, and it's freeking fun. I would love to see a co-op story mode, that would take the cake!8.5373225262/10"
76561198082632056,Not Recommended,232090,19252738,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Massive Bullet,"MIcrotransactions! I knew I should have waited to buy this game. At least I bought it on sale. I wonder if I can still get a refund - probably too late.DLC and Microtransactions need to stop as a practice. I do not and will not support any product that incorporates these practices.  The game should be fully available for the asking price.This is my first and last ""Early Access"" game that I will buy. This is not the first time a developer has pulled this scam."
,Not Recommended,232090,24122386,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Sir Fluffy,Game is a joke compared to killing floor 1. Developers act like they're walking around blindfolded with their hands cuffed in two directions at all times.
76561198045258684,Not Recommended,232090,19244909,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Neutral,"Game is in need of content...buuut we are getting hats. Sooo, I would recommend looking elsewhere for entertainment."
,Not Recommended,232090,19247447,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,KaBoom,The game is totally unbalanced and instead of fixing it they have decided to introduce the microtransactions to the game and take more money from the players.
,Recommended,232090,15481919,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Chris_::;[NOR] #rita trade.tf,This is the second time that the floor poses no threat
,Recommended,232090,17918124,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Şuƞαroo,"This game is amazing. I've played the previous KF for about 3 months, and i have to say, this game is definitely a step up from the previous. Graphics are smooth, though i would recommend a beefy setup if you want to be able to fully enjoy the gameplay. It's the same concept from the first KF, just with WAAAY Better graphics etc. All in all, if you're a fan of LFD2, and COD Zombies, this game is probably the one for you."
76561197990982328,Not Recommended,232090,19242723,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,RealMork,Still an unfinished game nearly 8 months later with missing perks and limited weapons and maps with hardly any patches since release. Tripwire have instead worked on their microtransaction scheme taking priority over actually finishing the game.
,Not Recommended,232090,19953616,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ZEXTION [TH],flashlight too suck 2/10
,Not Recommended,232090,19256131,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,9online,"This early access trend is a plague on PC's gaming image and I'm really disappointed in a company I previously had a lot of respect for.I'm not even complaining about lack of updates, I know how much of a logistical nightmare trying to plan a software project can be. Like most people so far have said, trying to monetize a game through micro transactions that's already nowhere near it's $30 price point in value is at best shady, at worst a blatant scam.I've been burned by enough EA games to take them for what they are. I don't think boycotting them completely is even feasible anymore because of how critical they are to indie games, and self published games which can be extraordinarily good. That said, even for a trusted company like tripwire was, every EA purchase is a gamble. This one didn't work out."
,Recommended,232090,32409928,Posted: 14 June,all,time travel machine guy,anime is good
,Recommended,232090,34202581,Posted: 12 August,all,Jakeib,"One of the best coop shooters there are. Can be played casually or hardcore, always alot of fun"
76561198157455730,Recommended,232090,26302822,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Jesus Christ,I just bought it. When i went to sleep i cant stop thinking about this game. I give it a zed/10
,Not Recommended,232090,21517907,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Daj pljugu,"All I can say is, this sums the situation up perfectly:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6mRRGOwQjMI've bought this quite a while ago, barely any changes, do not buy, go buy a decent and finished game. Or if you want to shell out 27€ for a game that will be finished in 2018, go for it.Edit: Some changes and progress seems to be going quite well for now, we will see about recommending it when it releases, for now I can not recommend it for one simple reason, its Early Access."
,Not Recommended,232090,29711564,Posted: 4 February,all,Kit Ty,"Do you want a experience of what this game context came from? Play the first one of the title, because right now it's just a well polished graphics ""cash grabber"" that gets boring reaaally fast, either way i spent (wasted) many hours on it because of its previous game, suggest to try it. Devs don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the content of this game and stuff from updates arent even interesting."
76561198063648921,Not Recommended,232090,22408959,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,red 9,there is a bug where i cannot do the level  boss at solo tripwire pls fix this
,Recommended,232090,25233683,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,DirtySpaceMan,"My last review for this game stated if you willing to buy a game that had signs of “maybe-perhaps-sometime-dying” then I’d recommend this game. A couple of months later, and I can finally suggest buying the game if you are interested...There’s more than a enough content to keep yourself busy for a long while. Between the new perks, new maps, and new weapons, you’ll enjoy stacking up hours slaughtering zeds that come at you in all shapes and sizes.The community is friendly, and most of the time silent. Sure, you get someone with a mic every once in awhile, but nearly everyone you run into are just playing the game and enjoying what has to offer for now.*You might run into more try-hards when you find yourself hovering in the hardest difficulty, myself included when I'm not screwing around.*Even though it’s still pretty easy to play alone on Normal and Hard, anything higher requires you play in a decent sized group of people...Leveling can still be bit of a pain. Sometimes I found it to be pants-pooping fast, while other times I felt like tearing out my own hair because it’s so slow. But, with being said, this only caused me to find out how much more I actually loved playing the game.*I also kinda suck, so this just might be a personal problem.*I would like to point out another thing about Killing Floor 2 with it’s updates. Yeah, the updates *are* pretty slow and unforgiving at times, when they are released, they are huge. This last update contained a new perk, a new map, some new weapons, zeds, and much more. It was basically like a mini-Christmas for me. It was even able to peel me off of Overwatch for an entire day, and still has me in a headlock currently...This review isn’t anything fancy like the others that go into deep detail about the whole game itself, but I just felt the need to refurbish my review. Hope it helped? x’D"
,Recommended,232090,15515856,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Sausage Beans,Can I have my life back please?
,Not Recommended,232090,19468180,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Sluis,"The game was good but like many early access games, it got ruined by greed and so it is a hollow shell of what it could be so do not buy this game until they fix their♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,232090,23625103,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Noisyblade | kickback.com,It doesnt even launch some bugg errrooor keep popping up
76561198019404398,Not Recommended,232090,19257232,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Ken-oh,"Apparently acquiring some shekels from selling stupid ♥♥♥♥ing hats instead of finishing your game is this developer's top priority. 8 months after launch and there's barely any new ♥♥♥♥ing content, but we get this instead. What a disaster. Don't bother with this turd."
,Not Recommended,232090,19257360,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,I am real super sand,"Do not buy as the game has very little content available and the pace of content coming out is extremely slow.Shame that microtransactions have a higher priority than actually finishing up the game,"
,Not Recommended,232090,19251924,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,M4K0-55,"So, after the enormous mess that was [REDACTED] adding microtransactions to their 20.00$ team-based co-op shooter, Tripwire thought long and hard and decided they wanted to get in on ruining gaming. Rather than lead into another rant, I'd like to state my position and maybe address a few statements made by others.In my OPINION: 1.microtranactions do not belong in any game you paid money to own. 2. This is an Early Access game. At least finish it before you start trying to milk the playerbase dry.POINT: ""Killing Floor 1 had lots of cosmetic DLC, this isn't any diffrent.""COUNTERPOINT: With cosmetic DLC, you pay some money, and get your skins in return for that money. With a crate and key style microtransaction system, you get a chance at a skin you want. You pay your money and get a random skin that likely isn't the one you wanted, a random skin that looks bad because it's ""Battle-damaged"" (because give us more money you whales) at that. In summary: with DLCs, you pay once and never think about not having that content again; with MTs, you get that content dangled just within reach and then snatched away from you until you hand over your credit card, and every time a crate drops, you get taunted with the content again and again.POINT: ""The skins don't affect gameplay, so there's nothing wrong with it.""COUNTERPOINT: I'll give you the skins not affecting gameplay as a solitary positive mark. And then I'll take it away again while pointing out that this game costs 30.00$. I shouldn't have to be paying more money to get content in a game I already paid for. This is one step above having a subscription fee on a paid game. And don't point out paid games that have subscription fees, because that not a good thing to do.POINT: ""With the addition of community trading, you can make money while playing your favourite game!""COUNTERPOINT: Yay, free money! After you recoup that 30.00$ you spent on the game in the first place, not to mention the 5.99$ you'll be paying for the keys. So you better hope that each skin you get is worth at least as much as the inevitably 5.99$ key you had to buy to unlock it it, because otherwise you're just digging youself deeper. (I'll change those numbers when I see how much the keys actually cost)So, in summary, microtransactions do not belong in paid games, and I cannot recommend a game that has them.If the microtransactions go, I will have noting but praises to be sung about this game."
,Not Recommended,232090,26736653,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Law,"""Oh, you stopped playing during early access due to lack of content? Well then we're not going to give you any of the early access rewards."" - Tripwire.The game itself is fun enough, the grind is better than it was initially, but of course it's a pretty simple concept with a fancy skin so it gets repetitive pretty quick and best played in bursts with friends. During a sale? Give it a punt, but don't trust Tripwire to actually be competent developers."
,Not Recommended,232090,22358838,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Redsandjunkie,"It's an okay game, but there's not enough content or depth to justify the thirty dollar price tag, in addition to the fact that very little content has come out since the game was added to early access, the developers have been rather dishonest, and the game has microtransactions before it's even finished. Maybe it'll be done by 2025, if we're lucky."
76561198007378529,Recommended,232090,26926035,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Écuyer de Peltzer,nice game :(
,Recommended,232090,26729473,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,LewisUK_,"*I played killing floor 1**I have been with Killing Floor 2 since Closed Beta.Killing Floor 2 is just good, it isn't blow your socks off amazing, but isn't a disgrace to the gaming community. It is 'good'.Killing floor 2 is a wave based survival FPS, it has multiple classes, enemies, maps and most importantly, guns!Now the early access ride has been a wild one, with the developers doing questionable things (See: Mass Banning & Micro Transactions mid EA.) and even missing out on some goals they put in place. (See: Martial Artist & Three Bosses) Tripwire’s motto “Early access done right” doesn’t hold up in this regard, however the released ‘final’ version of the game is fun to play and enjoyable.Tripwire InteractiveFirstly, the developers themselves.They are a small team, only approx. 50 people working there and not all of them will be developers, keep that in mind, they are not a company like EA who have thousands of employees and branches.There was a time during EA where anyone who spoke against the game or the company were banned from the forums and discussions. Their scorched earth policy damaged their reputation as a company and they have gone back on most if not all of their bans (I think.).Let’s also keep in mind, they are a company. They want to make a profit. However, in this industry, profit is made by happy gamers, and you do not make happy gamers by shafting them.Micro-TransactionsOh, this again. A lot of games have this ‘plague’ as people seem to make it out as.Killing floor 1 had a lot of DLC which limited actual guns, and gave you an advantage if you paid, whereas killing floor 2 is purely cosmetic! (For now, anyway.)While they implemented it at a completely wrong time (Mid EA, really?) it does not affect the gameplay at all. Just because some dude is running around in a gold dinosaur mask will not make him a god at the game.""Early Access Done Right"" - Tripwire InteractiveThis statement has been used against them so many times, due to fact that they have missed their goals multiple times, ignored community feedback and basically shoved a middle finger in the face of anyone who tries to talk to them.So, onto the pros and cons of the full release of Killing Floor Two.Pros:+ Extremely fun, especially with friends.+ Good assortment of weapons and you can guarantee there will be more to come.+ Beautiful Graphics.+ Bullets and Melee pack a ‘punch’ to them.+ Cosmetic Customisation (This is just personally for me, I love being able to customise what my character looks like.)+ Good Variety of Maps.+ Relatively friendly community (From personal experience in-game).Cons:- Questionable Developer Morals (Do they really care about their players? Probably not).- Not all EA goals met, with some being replaced with ‘cheap’ cop-outs (Martial Artist / Survivalist).- Horribly unbalanced PVP (No one wants or wanted this anyway).- Micro-Transactions (This is in both Pro/Con because personally I don’t have an issue with it, however if you hate the fact that some random guy will be running around with a golden shovel or mask, then go ahead and put it down as a negative).- Can be a little boring solo.Overall, Killing Floor 2’s final release is good. Not great, not bad, just good.It is a fun game to play with friends, and it's alright on your own. If you don’t mind cosmetic micro-transactions there are practically no issues with the game itself, but looking on the wider scale, more issues come to light which could affect your choice in purchasing this game. However, these issues do not affect the game’s enjoyability to the point it becomes 'Bad'.7/10 – Recommended, but could use improvement in the way the developers handle feedback and the community as a whole, as well as a few in-game improvements."
,Not Recommended,232090,22295257,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Волк Volk,"I want to like KF2, I loved KF1, but this is missing the charm KF1 had and it doesn't captivate me the same way its predecessor did."
,Not Recommended,232090,19247191,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,intrixmeister,No content.♥♥♥♥♥♥balance. Micro transactions. 0/10 would not kill zeds again.
,Not Recommended,232090,19254145,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,guy from Fringe,it'd be nice to buy a game without jewish tricks for once
,Not Recommended,232090,19254658,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,mdawson1992,as much as i loved the gameplay i cant give it a thumbs up as of now due to extremely slow updates and adding microtransactions while still in EA also added a pvp mode that not many people wanted in the first place they are now wasting resources trying to balance this mode insted of finishing the game that was expected when purchased originally.
,Not Recommended,232090,24094072,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Somethings in my EYE!,"Game broken for me until recently. Had fun for the first night of playing, then the game slowly but steadily broke for each of my friends 1 by 1 until no one could play. Then I hear about all these bad business practices until now I have no reason to want to play anymore. If you want more info then go and read all those highly popular negative reviews, they all have merit."
76561198067765803,Not Recommended,232090,24412523,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ƒεяη@ηḓ☺,These updates just makes the game experience worstmusic is crap !! please leave things alone!!game was awesome in the pastlooks like we heading down a landslide with these updates my 2 cents in
,Not Recommended,232090,19257250,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,🅱️as 👏t he👏 🅱️ikes👏,"Game was apparently supposed to be finished in August 2015. As of November 2015, it's still in early access and is now gonna support microtransactions. Why did I think it was a good idea to buy this."
,Recommended,232090,17950236,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,TheJfax,"I have currently played around 19 hours of the game at the time of the creation of this review, updates are bound to happen with this update so stick with me on this.Killing Floor 2 is a phenomenal game with an outstandingly polished graphics and a downright remarkable gore system.Gun play is outstanding, with each shot feeling as powerful as it should be and your not just stuck using guns. Melee weapons such as a Katana are also at your disposal when taking out the large hoards of zeds that will try to rip you to pieces.There are a decent number of classes to choose from currently with new perks such as the Firebug and the Demolitions class. Each class gives you special perks some of which include faster reloading or the ability to get more oomph from your guns.As a fan of the last Killing Floor i must sa I would highly recommend this to any original fan of the series, for others if you are new to the whole Killing Floor scene I would recommend this as well so long as you enjoy a game of varying difficulties and a game that requires a good amount of team work in order to win.If your new I highly recommend that you bring friends to enjoy this with as it is meant to be play co-operatively.I hope that you found this review helpful to any of whom may be interested in purchasing this amazing game!"
76561198030673609,Not Recommended,232090,19247815,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Reflections of Crimson Raij,"♥♥♥♥ you Tripwire and ♥♥♥♥ your ""zedconomy"" microtransctions ina game that is not even finished yet you greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s"
,Not Recommended,232090,19254365,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Madnesis,"Even if KF2 is great game, I really disagree with the choice of Tripewire to implement microtransations even before the game is compete. The dev process is also taking too much time considering the resources they have. Maybe I shouldn't be too harsh with them because they release ""free game updates"" during Early Access and that's nice (lol). I may change my mind if Tripewire steps back from what I consider as a very bad move, but for now it's thumbs down. These guys should go discuss with other devs studio like the ones from Ark who released paid DLC during Early Access. I'm sure both may have the best business model ever for Early Access game on Steam."
76561198054365105,Not Recommended,232090,19252115,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Bold & Brash,Just wait until the game actually comes out. The devs take forever to update and even when they do they just shift the balance one way instead of fixing things correctly. Introducing microtranactions before giving us promised content was the last straw for me. While the current game is pretty good still (30$ a bit steep though) the devs seem to have no clear plan for how exactly they are going to get to full release.
76561198000189638,Not Recommended,232090,19257518,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Vadriggar,"game was great. It was late, the new classes take too much time to come but we wait... and then, micro transaction for skins. The game is not even finished that they focus on micro transactions."
76561197961860877,Not Recommended,232090,19257547,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Supreme Reagan,Microtransactions?When will these stupid people learn.Would not recommend.
,Not Recommended,232090,19558085,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,random,"I really liked this game, but I can't reccommend anyone buy it after seeing the cosmetics patch that just rolled out"
,Recommended,232090,25141874,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Alcyone,TWI now has a full team and is making great progress on the game again. The game is very fun and is an enjoyable solo and team experience.
,Recommended,232090,19223905,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Gabi,"Absolutely recommended to anybody who wants a proper FPS game to party up with friends.It's still being worked on but with some luck it should soon receive perhaps a few updates and polishing here and there, it's doubtlessly a game that everyone should give a try if you like horror-ish shooters, if you played Killing Floor 1;This game most likely will not disappoint you.The game lacks a few characters here and there, but as an upside, you get to fight two bosses instead!  (As well as two perks that will be later introduced brandly new to this sequel or even more.)But in all honesty, that's okay, as it should all be added in some time, that and more content awaits, with pretty good graphics along with increased gameplay capabilities.There appears to be newly introduced character customization as well, which is absolutely revolutionary within the Killing Floor franchise, now not only you can pick your character, but also slightly customize it, which is a concept many games have, and I am glad Killing Floor has it now, I don't see the bad in it after all!The first game was quite goofy when it was about voice-acting (In the good sense of the word, it was just funny to me honestly.) and while this sequel to the first one is more serious in general, that's actually not something bad at all! They managed to make the game really cool, semi-serious and indeed entertaining, specially when you're playing with friends.This is a must-buy for anybody who appreciates good extermination/wave-system FPS games.Remember that the game itself may be laggy unless your computer is pretty good!But that's totally understandable once you look at the game itself, it's indeed quite fascinating, amazingly fun to play. (Without friends it may get a bit boring though as in of now.)And most importantly, lots of new features compared to the original title! And more to appear, indeed! This is a perfectly perfomed sequel to the first game, I would say it's also 100% loyal to it's original story and follows a proper time line.I, absolutely suggest it, that's all I'll say.If you had your mind on about this game, I wouldn't blame you, it's good even for a game that was not long ago (or still is, not sure) early-access, and while this review may seem really one-sided, I do admit the game still has it's flaws, but that's why the developers are working to fix them after all! Right?Some balance issues here and there, a few bugs as well but the general game is absolutely playable. (unless as I said earlier, you don't like stuff being a bit OP!)What's not to like in this game?"
76561198043598737,Not Recommended,232090,23769312,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Igopro,This game doesnt even work for me anymore
,Not Recommended,232090,23668293,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Bruce,Tripwire dropped the ball.
,Recommended,232090,21451236,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Steel Horse,"Killing Floor 2 is a dynamic, player-driven hybrid of RPG, RTS, and melee-oriented action. In Killing Floor 2, the player character is generated by choosing their character's history-who their father was, what they did when they were young, etc.. Then, they are placed right into the open world of Calradia, where several different kingdoms fight for control. From there, the player can do pretty much anything in the immersive medieval sandbox-from being a mercenary, a fearsome bandit, a strong warrior, or even a Noble or a King. The politics of Calradia are dynamic and can be influenced by the player, using intrigue and diplomacy. The party system is also dynamic, with the player able to collect soldiers from various villages across the map and use them to diversify their armies. Beware, though, their morale may waver if you're doing poorly.All in all, Killing Floor 2 is a quality game with great strategy elements, a deep RPG basis, skill-based melee combat, and a diverse, dynamic open world sandbox. I would rate it a 9 if not a 10/10.Serious note: This game haspurely cosmeticmicrotransaction weapon skins a la CS:GO as well as player cosmetics which are pretty much the same deal except they don't drop. If that really, really, really digs under your skin, take that into consideration. The game's gotten a lot of community backlash because there's a long time between each update but this game really is a blast and if you can get it on sale I would most certanily pick it up."
,Not Recommended,232090,23549572,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,noetoro,"I got bored with this early access game really quick. The heavy metal music in the backround really annoys the♥♥♥♥♥♥out me. It only has a hord mode? No campaian or multiplayer either. Graphics are nice, but thats about all thatas good about this game. Wasted $30 onj this junk."
76561198086577753,Not Recommended,232090,22721528,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Danatz,"Yet another nice game from Overkill and 505 Games!!! What? It's TWI? I see. Well, I'm a bit confused now. Ok, then."
76561198043263076,Recommended,232090,15479584,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,IAmArchangel,"Take what you love from the first game, add some beautiful gore, some new zeds, a few classes and bosses and what you get is Killing Floor 2.There still needs to be a few balance changes but that's what early access is for. This is early access done right. Bravo Tripwire.Now go kill some zeds."
,Not Recommended,232090,19253212,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,AngryMinion,"Microtransactions on a game that is in early access, not complete, with updates twice a year. What a shame."
,Not Recommended,232090,19245304,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,whaletastic,"Far from finished, yet microtransactions are already in. DOA/10"
,Not Recommended,232090,19255738,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Ahmed el-Jaheeb,"Alright so I've had this game since it launched on Early Access. So far we've barely gotten any content updates and it took them a good what... 7-8 months to add 2 perks and 2-3 new maps (out of which only 1 is actively played lol).The development was slow but okay, I can manage. And then, in early access, they decided to charge for content with microtransactions. Charge for content w/ microtransactions for a unreleased game.I'd refund this if I could and I strongly suggest you withhold from purchasing this game. Microtransactions do NOT belong in a 30 euro game. VOTE WITH YOUR WALLETS PEOPLE."
,Not Recommended,232090,19254991,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,[deleted]💕🍕,"I heavily regret purchasing KF2. Rare updates that are called ""free content packs"" and now microtransactions? Get stuffed."
76561197975673974,Recommended,232090,15558358,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Rammie,"Am i the only player from the first KF thats not really keen it? I cant tell you why so dont ask, But ........... maybe it'll grow on me eventually"
,Not Recommended,232090,23604665,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Ciaran,s
,Recommended,232090,26717283,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Jmodrak,"Funny how as soon as the game gets released everyone is complaining about it. But once you go back the day before everyone is praising how good the game was. So whats the big deal, was everyone expecting more?Honestly i am quite happy the way the game turned out, the only dissapointment i had with the game was the lack of more guns for some of the perks and the survival perk was lame as well as the versus mode, and we should of got martial artist or some other perk. Other than that the game is very enjoyable and the amount of hours i have got out of the game was well worth the 30 bucks.BUT i do have to say if you are not into leveling and wave based team games you will not enjoy this game and easily get bored fast. But for me the game is heaven, it's a never ending game that is incredibly fun to play online and expereince new custom maps every day.In my opinion, I would give this game a8/10The game was lacking a little in terms of content and we never got everything we were promised. But in terms of gameplay the game is amazing...It is the one game you can let out your pyscho self and go on a rampage and kill everything in your path, definitley a game that helps you release stress xD."
,Not Recommended,232090,19249934,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,1wsx10,"get killing floor 1. its much betterseriously ♥♥♥♥ tripwire. this is a $30 EARLY ACCESS GAME and they have not failed to put microtransactions.or, red orchestra 2, that game is also brilliant"
76561197961127153,Not Recommended,232090,19251282,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,[RedCoats] Hellfire,Adding microtransactions to an unfinished game is worrying. What does it mean for the future of this game? Probably bad things. Surely people getting behind the game early should be getting things like this for free for supporting the game.I've barely played the game and I probably wont play it again now.
,Not Recommended,232090,19465906,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Ulris Ventis,"Anyone might support Tripwire however they like, cause I did already. I have KF1 with all the interesting and major DLCs, I do have both RO with add-ons, and they do know how to make good solid shooters. I won't deny that. The fact, that I have purchased KF2 Early Access on day 1 speaks for itself.I was ok with mediocre updates since usually they brought additional perks, maps and content. I wasn't fine with zero balance patches that shouldn't be that hard and long to make.I mean, I understand it, it's EA, there's plenty of time to fix it, to test it and so on.And what is it we get here after all these months? 1 perk, that is fine, true, but it's a bunch of dual handgun models with literaly same animations (at least I haven't seen any difference between different pistols or revolvers) a map, a boss, all right.And microtransactions with RNG drop that were not part of a deal. With 2.5$ keys to open freaking crates. Wtf is this? The game isn't out yet, and we're already restricted in a way, cause RNG might be merciless. It's not out yet, and I already feel it might just follow the steps of PAYDAY 2.I asked for a refund, and if I was proven wrong after the release, then I will gladly purchase the game again.You might disagree with me, that's fine, but as I said - PAYDAY 2 went literaly the same way. Do I need one more useless and broken product in my library? No thanks."
76561198093935346,Not Recommended,232090,19245903,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Rushcaliber,"Game atm is currently unbalanced to hell making anything under HOE difficulty a joke. support, commando, and demo are practically useless as of right now (unless you have nuke for demo which is unbelievably broken and can easily be patched by changing some variables). Zed spawns are broken, terrible anti-ailising, few guns for each class (up to 3-4), big zeds are stupid af. Nothing more than a gorefest but with a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of health, boss is poorly designed ( if you have a team without a berserker, med, or firebug you are SOL) and just looks like stevie wonder tried to design what a duck and mech combined would look like. 6 maps (custom maps but look like a shiny turd), grindy unnecessary leveling (just take it out the game IMO), Last major update was 6 MONTHS AGO!!! Yes, the content being released is hella slow. Dont expect any content patches in the next 5-7 months after the gunslinger update comes out in 2020. and to put the cherry on top they wanna put microtransactions and DLC in a un finsished broken game.... Yea i say wait 2 years until you buy this. If you are already a fan of killing floor and co-op shooters.... Play KF1"
,Recommended,232090,16567113,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ride-My-Rocket,"I've never played KF1, so I had nothing to judge this sequel by.  But even in Early Access, it's a lot of fun and will only get better.  Recommended, especially if you're able to pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,232090,28471513,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Snort Cannon,"Killing Floor 2 is the sequel to the popular survival shooter where you are pitted against massive waves of zeds which want to feast on your flesh.Killing Floor 2 for me at the very least is improved in every way possible. It fixes a lot of the problems the original had, but it brings new problems along, but in general Killing Floor 2 is still a fantastic game.There's no story to speak of in Killing Floor, but there's is a story in general. There's a virus which turns people to zombies and civilians band together with soldiers to fight the virus on the streets of Paris, London and Germany and in general all over the world.Gameplay wise, this game is played mostly in a survival mode. So each game you have to survive for a few waves where you then face off against two types of bosses. One is the Patriarch and the other one is Dr Hans. Patriarch has a mini gun and a rocket launcher to fight you off and Dr Hans has a toxic gas and explosives.The game also let's you pick a certain class like sharpshooter, gunslinger, firebug or support. These classes are built on what play style you prefer, so if you like burning everything alive pick firebug, if you like to use ranged weapons use Sharpshooter.Now I felt that the classes in the first one were all balanced, while some were overpowered all of them had great qualities which made them fun to play, this time however I feel that that classes are a bit off. Like the firebug class not doing a lot of damage with the flamethrower.The game also has new classes like a SWAT class which uses SMGs and a Survivor class which is a jack of all trades so you will find a class that suites you the best.Graphically the game looks great and runs great. Fully maxed out the game runs fine even in the moments where the screen is full of stuff being ripped apart.The soundtrack is also great, where you listen to heavy metal while shredding through waves and waves of zeds. While not every track is great, a lot of them are really good.Overall Killing Floor 2 is a great sequel and has a ton of replay value. It's definitely one of the games you can come back and play from time to time. While it has slight issues with classes and other stuff I highly suggest checking this game out.Final Rating:9/10Pros:+ Runs and looks great+ Fun gameplay+ Tons and Tons of replay ValueCons:- Classes aren't balanced"
,Not Recommended,232090,22982392,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,kash,"THIS GAME IS SCHEISSE, YOU K ACKSTIEFEL!"
,Not Recommended,232090,19294866,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Nexures,avoid this money grab boring♥♥♥♥♥game. kf1>kf2
,Not Recommended,232090,22474914,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,cum 41,very slow updatesVery  annoying lack of class balanceVery annoying lack of classesVery lame that there is no sharpshooter still (literally the easiest class to put in the game)Very dumb versus mode nobody wantedVery regretful me for buying this game when it first came into early accessShoulda kept playing kf1 it's far superiorI give thumbs down for now
76561198145522756,Recommended,232090,32401165,Posted: 13 June,all,♥Emily♥ (bday 5),BUY IT!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,232090,25247895,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,AllWheelDie,"As someone whos played nearly 1900 hours in KF1 now and runs a KF1 community (or clan, whatever wording you want to use), and also was a veteran of the UT2004 mod versions, I felt the need to leave a review for the game that just singlehandedly ruins the entire KF experience in exchange for lots of your hard earned cash.First off, the developer's ethics are terrbile with this game. First they release it as early access, and claim it will last six months. That was well over a year and a half ago now. The first major update they push out, they incorporate microtransactions (Yes, in an EARLY ACCESS game). They lied about how the difficulties will work, ""The zeds will not increase in health but instead have different abilities"". Guess what, they had more health.Speaking of zed health, last I played they incorporated ""damage resistance"". It ruined the game right there. If a stalker needs 4 shotgun shots to be put down, then you are doing something wrong. They overcomplicated the game, which took away from the experience that made KF1 so great. KF1 was simple, thus more fun.The inclusion of sprint also makes the game really easy. Its possible to outrun almost everything now. The one thing I will give credit to it is that the game encourages kiting (running around the map) instead of just camping. I always love kiting, and it was very difficult in KF1. However, in KF2, the kiting is just way too easy.Another thing that was very annoying was that zeds could throw you. So if a gorefast or crawler hits you, you get pushed. This is really annoying when there's a lot of zeds around you, and it also makes no sense. But no worries, just heal  yourself and sprint away, you'll be just fine.Lastly, lets talk about content... So before Early Access the devs promised 10 perks, well they just announced that the 10th perk is no more. They are failing to deliver on promised content, and that is just wrong. The other thing is maps. They are literally making almost no maps, but instead incorporating PLAYER CREATED maps into the game. So not only did people have to pay for this horrible Early Access experience ahead of time, but they also had to help FINISH the game? And the other thing, each perk only has 4 guns for the most part. So theres no multiple ways to play a perk when its OBVIOUS you just have to work your way to an AA12, Scar, or Microwave gun. I really would like to know what the dev team is ACTUALLY doing in all this time. Oh wait, thats right, they are out spending all the money that they are making off of the weapon skins and keys. No need to finish a game when its brining you money, right?Honestly, as a KF veteran, this game is completely against what KF should be, simple and fun. Instead we have to complicate things and be lied to by the devs. I really wish I could get a refund on this, because I'm boycotting it and refuse to play it, and I hate the fact that I had actually supported the devs by buying it.KF1 is just fine, plenty of content, and none of the zeds have a ridiculous amount of ""damage resistance"". Feel free to take a look at my KF1 hours versus how many hours I spent in this, that will tell you exactly where I stand on this matter. If you want to play Killing Floor and play it right, wait for KF1 to come on sale for $5 (very common) and get that instead. Just trust me on that.PS: I will not be surprised if this review gets massively downvoted (since the people who play this game worship the devs) and I end up getting banned from the game (rumors have been going around that the devs are banning people who have negative things to say about the game, I will definitely report back here if I do end up getting banned for this review)."
,Not Recommended,232090,22794205,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Freakydemon,"Still no option to remove unnecessary camera animations/movements during reloads and others, still no option to turn off the pop up messages to heal myself when I'm fully aware the healkit exists, still no option to turn off the door closing messages etc, still no option to turn off all the visual and audio distortion nor the bloody screen effects, still uses the whitelist system which effectively prevents people from playing more than one server if they want to use mutators AND keep their levels (good job on keep the stupid level system that improves your stats AND linking it to your whitelist). Class balance is non-existent, half the classes are useless or only become worthwhile at higher perk levels. Zed movement is so fast and ridiculious it's very much impossible to get realiable headshots. Gunplay is still inferior to KF1 with less consistent recoil.All in all inferior to KF1 in almost any aspect. Zeds having new attacks & moves is an improvement. All of thata year18 months after the EA release. But hey they've got an intricate system of cosmetics to nickle and dime you! If that doesn't scream customer first I don't know what will.Now nominated for the ""Biggest Early Access Trainwreck"" award!"
76561198135036767,Recommended,232090,20735062,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,LD100,"If you like shooting monster thingy-ma-giggies in half, you won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,232090,33672635,Posted: 20 July,all,Darky,10/10
,Not Recommended,232090,22287585,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,PimpMyWiki,"My hopes for this game got gibbed, and I ragequit...Early access done right - the OVERKILL WAY. Halfass your development and promises and introduce skins and microtransactions so they can grind wallets, while we grind skills."
76561198009715029,Not Recommended,232090,28558398,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Vertical Loop,"Although I still enjoy the game, the current beta releas build has really ♥♥♥♥ed up a lot of the balancing.You can now win a game of HOE long with just firebugs, no other classes neccessary (http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=823130635, Albiet, although it is only medium length, we were never in a pinch the entire game, so I'm assuming it can be done on long) with Patriarch being killable in under 14 seconds flat. Gorefiends can kill in under 1.5 seconds if you aren't quick enough on the draw. Buffed Sirens can do literally over 43,000 damage per tick sometimes, and the Patriarch can also swing for over 1,000 damage occasionally.Sharpshooter has made Gunslinger redundant with the introduction of .500 into his arsenal, taking over any job the Gunslinger would ever have. The entire introduction of multiperk weapons has kinda nullified the idea of perks looking over eachothers weakness's, (for example: Commando/Support/SWAT/Gunslinger have access to Medic's weapons perk bonus's, meaning that team health being a problem can be fixed with just a quick weaponn switch instead of actualy getting a medic) all Perks can take on multiple roles for the team. The same thing applies to Survivalist, with the introduction of multiperk weapons, hes pretty much taken a backseat to everyone else, so much so that I haven't seen him played in an HOE game since beta release.SWAT and Gunslinger need a complete rework so that they are in of themselves a perk that is unique instead of being ""Sharpshooters little brudder"", or ""The alternative to Commando"". Base them around the new gameplay mechanics like limb damage or stumble, cripple and weapon bash."
,Recommended,232090,15538910,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Confused,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DyFDW9wlLvE12/10
76561197983976056,Not Recommended,232090,22100546,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,tajlarson,"Bought the game ages ago. Looks nice, figured I'd get in on the early access cause I want to support the game, I return to the game nearly a year after purchased it only to find it utterly filled with in game dlc and still as bare bone as it was when it launched. That's the last time I support this company...And how is it that this still has a very positive rating when there are a ton of negative reviews..."
76561198003030375,Recommended,232090,19987096,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,The_Cpt_FROGGY,"Killing Floor 2:~~~~~~~~~~~Are you ready to take your place in a small team of six soldiers? Be ready to look out for each other when the waves of “Zeds” are coming at you from each side of the hexagon? Oh dear…. The first wave is coming at us… Get ready to Zumble!Killing Floor 2 is a co-op FPS game where you take control of one of six characters and try to eliminate wave after wave (between 7 to 10 waves, depending on which server you are playing) of Zeds until you face either the “Patriach” - this scary and rather large mutated zombie/robot/Hulk thingy who has a rather heavy arsenal and is very strong in melee combat , or “Hans Volter”- the Nazi evil doctor who is holding himself pretty well for his age (he is around 100 years old) and likes to throw Toxic and High Explosive grenades! But don’t give him a chance to cuddle you as he will squeeze the life out of you to regenerate his own!But before you get to the bosses you will face eleven types of “Zeds”, some will be easy to eradicate and some will be rather tough. At the end of each wave, you will be directed to a specific pod (there are several pods per map) where you will be able to buy ammunition, weapons and armour. Every kill you get is more money to spend at the pod! You have 40 different weapons you can use in this game; each weapon will fall into one of 7 categories – Beserker – Commando – Support – Field Medic- Demolition – Gunslinger and Firebug weapons. Whatever you use, at the end of the game you will get points for it. For example, only use a hunting shotgun (I doubt you will do that) and you will level up your support category faster than the others.10 original maps to play in, from Burning Paris to the Catacombs passing by the Farmhouse; they are all very good and well designed. Some are bigger than others but equally as fun and challenging.From the difficulty point of view, it will depend on which server you will be playing but you will be able to choose between Normal, Hard and Suicidal.Graphically, this game is fabulously detailed and it runs very well. I enjoy the slow motion effect too, it’s just great! If you like heavy metal, the soundtrack is really good and fits the game perfectly. It’s hectic!Positives:~~~~~~~-	Great and fun co-op FPS game-	10 maps to play in-	40 weapons to use-	Great re-playability-	Great graphics & soundtrack-	Achievements & Trading cardsNegatives:~~~~~~~~-	A bit repetitive I must sayKilling Floor 2 is fun, it’s fast and full of Zeds!!9/10Key provided by developer/publisher for review purposes. Any opinions expressed are entirely my own!MORE THE_CPT_FROGGY REVIEWS HEREFOLLOW THE CPT FROGGY CURATOR PAGE HERE"
76561198037335021,Recommended,232090,21131164,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,el-maarfi,"Improved KF1. Hopefully gonna be improved even more.Major thing. Gameplay. KF2 is simply better bout the core s.h.1.t, hands down, way more dynamic gameplay-enemies-experience, more challenge. More atmospheric, finest graphics, effects, animations (if your PC could handle it). Overall feels more polished.New catchy Perk building, 25 levels peak, as KF1 every level bonuses, but every 5th level choose one between two special perk skills. Some really rocks bout the gameplay (e.g. extended Zed time).Oh well, forums still seems prefer KF1.As KF1, great modded maps are frequently played.KF1 is better bout some perks-arsenal and perk bonuses, quantity and quality of the official maps.So far.Cons:grindy--------What I would enjoy to keep it playin:more arsenal, more quality maps, perks rebalance.Note: the real KF2 awakes at Suicidal difficulty, or Hard is fine"
,Not Recommended,232090,22234268,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Bilb Ono,•Microtransactions•Extremely slow updates•Balancing issues that have persisted since the launch of the early access•General lack of care as to what the community wants
,Recommended,232090,26129098,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Officer McDouble,"I've been playing this game shortly after Early Acess was announced. A lot of people complain about the lack of content, but there is more being added over time PLUS, on top of the original set of maps, the online community has 50+ mod maps for you to enjoy. The game is a lot of fun either solo or with friends and you're guaranteed to get what you paid for. Thankfully I got the game when it was cheaper, but I still have 168hrs."
,Recommended,232090,26701111,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,DN Ministries,"Killing Floor 2 ReviewIntroductionKilling Floor 2is a new zombie horde mode cooperative shooter that is repetitive, endless, and can become by nature, addicting. Over the past decade, we have had a variety of horde based zombie shooters. However, only one made its way over to consoles with great success. That game series was Left 4 Dead which was a wave based zombie-horde shooter with a campaign mode across a variety of different maps, various enemies for its time and great multiplayer. Honestly,Killing Floor 2is bare bones when it comes to living up to the zombie-horde shooter name. I once highly regarded this game as one of the next best zombie games for 2016, but let’s just say after 740 working hours in early access since I needed my zombie fix at the time, my full opinion has changed. There is no story inKilling Floor 2except the setting and the whereabouts of zombies called ‘zeds’ that have invaded Europe.We are more like theGhostbustersdoing the job that no one else wanted to do, exterminating zeds in what is called ‘ zed time’ – a slowing down of the game’s momentum for a brief second initiated by sets of kill streaks by your teammates in which our bullets and weapons shoot much slower, but we can become more accurate with them. However, we can shoot in real-time later on through various perks achieved at the max perk level 25. We play as a variety of survivors that we can customize with accessories such as headgear, gas mask, glasses, flat caps, bowler hats, and a bare bones attire pattern. The first boss is Hans Volter; his lair is Volter Manor. Whatever you do, don’t go into the basement because you will see where he has hanged and tortured zeds in what looks like a cloning machine. Yes, all the zeds have been created by Hans Volter; he cloned all of them so they could disperse across Europe. The second boss in the game currently is the Patriarch which was remade from the first game. He looks like one of the large brute monsters you would see inResident Evilwith rockets bombarding from his cannons.PresentationThe presentation of the game is advertised as a “game you can play when you are stressed and blow crap up” – Tripwire Interactive. There are a variety of in-game maps to progress in that all look polished, well-lit and nice.Killing Floor 2is a very gory and relentlessly violent experience when it comes to a zombie game of this generation. There are more than only pools of blood splattered all across walls, the floor and in certain outpost areas; however, there is what is called “ gib fluid” – The physics mechanic of NVIDIA Flex recommended only for NVIDIA users with a GTX 980 graphics processing unit ( minimum GTX 770 equiv). This takes full advantage of what Tripwire rather calls the “ meat-grinding” mechanic. Bloats which are similar to spitters inLeft 4 Dead 2explode showing green fluids which are actually vomited.You can also see the blood from the neck down on most enemies when their heads have been “ popped.” The backgrounds in the game are very well done such as Burning Paris, Volter Manor, Biotics Lab, and Outpost being among my all-time favorite maps to play and shoot some Zeds.GameplayOne drawback to a game like this is very simple gameplay mechanics. However, at first, there is so much more variety than one would expect. There are ten classes in the game, Field Medic, Support, Firebug, Berserker, Commando, Demolitionist, Gunslinger, Sharpshooter, Survivalist, and Swat. Most users on the personal computer for games like this and Left 4 Dead 2 prefer the mouse and keyboard setup for fast reaction times as opposed to using a controller. However, a gamepad also works well because it has been well done. I have used mouse and keyboard up until my time of this review. I only used the controller on a gamepad when I was first learning the game.Class/ Perk Synopsis & Roles on Your Co-op Team (Main Classes Only)Field MedicThe Field Medic’s main role is to heal your whole team because you are only provided with one hundred health per round across most perks. Each round lasts from around thirty minutes to upwards of 1 hr. 15min. to 1hr. 30min. for Hell on Earth, long, ten-wave matches dependent fully on a team’s skill level as a whole; individually in taking down the hardest of all enemies. You start off with a basic pistol, then can upgrade to a standard SMG, finally, to a medic assault rifle. Your disadvantages are taking down Scrakes and Fleshpounds. You can take down all the rest of the enemies with ease while healing others.SupportSupport is best in the game for traffic control. If too many enemies get in a group, especially at higher difficulties, things get chaotic too fast. This is where the support class comes in. Support has a broad range of weapons from a boomstick, pump-action shotgun, to a combat shotgun and finally, an automatic AA12 to take care of Scrakes. One tip I need to give you is not to make the rookie mistake of wasting too much AA12 ammo on Fleshpounds. Leave the Fleshpounds to the Berserkers, Demolitionists, Gunslingers and Survivalists to handle. Take care of your own lane as a support and also come in when you see your teammates overwhelmed, pinned.FirebugFirebug is also good at traffic control. If your aim is not as well or you are one that wants to sit back on the main action, this is your perk you will want to choose. Firebug blows up everything, smaller enemies, mainly. I caution you with this perk to not enrage Fleshpounds. Fleshpounds are enraged through fire weapons. If you enrage it too early on before notifying your teammates, quite many people who are experienced and knows of this will be upset with you. Fleshpounds can wipe out a whole team, so exercise with caution. Scrakes,on the other hand, can burn well with fire.BerserkerBerserker has the most health in the game out of anyone and can hold back Scrakes and Fleshpounds with force. You can kill anything and everything in the game. Your hammer with your shotgun attachment is best when wanting to handle Scrakes and Fleshpounds to give you plenty of room and space. Help out your team when they call you for this role.CommandoThe Commando is the main and earliest damage dealer inKilling Floor 2. If you need distance, good accuracy, aim, and precision as well as a perk that allows you to shoot weapons twice as fast attaining tactical reload later on, this is for you. I find Commando to be one of my favorite classes because there is not much stress when things get chaotic. It is one of the best standard classes in the whole game.DemolitionistThe Demolitionist and Firebug can work together. Both explode enemies, but in different ways. The Demolitionist at level 25 ( the max level) can use a nuke when things get chaotic within zed time. This provides a poisonous gas shield killing many enemies all at once with a large scattered fire. The main weapons for this class are the strong RPG, grenade pistol, and an assault rifle with a grenade attachment. The Demolitionist is better as an overseer, a support class to assist with Fleshpounds, sirens, and gorefast when things get too intense.Overall/Verdict – 7/10 – GoodI am thankful I waited until the full game release to review this game in its entirety because my opinion did change over time. While this is a good zombie game, it becomes repetitive and is only suitable for small sessions with friends. One of those games you can pick up and play one to two rounds and be satisfied enough to quit until you log-in next time. The idea of facing hordes of waves of enemies, endless replayability, and a final boss is identical toDungeon Defendersmechanically and purposefully."
,Not Recommended,232090,20373687,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,[LQ]illnino,"don't work with my video card, no solutions, good job! refund."
76561198015439668,Not Recommended,232090,26722298,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Nobelissimos,"Well it's finally released, and it's still not what they promised.Do NOT buy this game. They ahve no intention of updating the game anymore after 2017, they are only interested in making a buck off the microtransactions, this game is a joke, and the developers will never see a cent of my money again.If I could get a refund, I would. I have wanted to refund this game shortly after I bought it, and it's only gotten worse since then."
76561198188784446,Not Recommended,232090,29372290,Posted: 20 January,all,dnc,"KF2 is a victim of the developers;And that's all there is to it.There's a great zombie splat-fest game in there, but you're basically either swinging or shooting at mobile concrete blocks with legs.There's unbalance everywhere and at every corner.This game's core design has nothing to do with its name and a lot to do with making as much money as possible with the least amount of effort to achieve it.There's a Valve-tier game in here somewhere. Far, far away, beyond a distant horizon, where microtransactions still exist in a twisted netherworld of disappointments.+++ Updated for recent comments and possible future ones +++You don't need more than 5 minutes to know whether something is good or something is bad. After that, it's simply perseverance and whether you care about what you paid for, for it to nullify that feeling.If the developers can figure out why I have 500 hours on L4D2, they'll get between 1 and 12 Million players buying and playing this game.Standing in one place for 1 hour shooting in whatever direction something is walking toward you in a map that seems to have one tiny area, with doors surrounding you in various directions, where these zombies waddle toward you, takes some kind of brain to keep going doing that.The other problem that really turned me off is that team players can shoot through you to whatever you're shooting at so that you never really know you're the hero in that particular situation (multiplied x50 situationally).Whatever KF2 is making you do, and whatever L4D2 is making you do, I would be able to separate by saying one gets you through through the door to packing boxes and the other lands you on the moon with a selfie stick.Killing Floor 2 either needs to copy L4D2 or continue to be the reserve of brain-dead gamers.At the very least, copy the ""go from Point A, to Point B with Random X, toward the exit."""
,Not Recommended,232090,21735978,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Nobsi Bonswa,I do not recommend this game.It is basically dead in developement and it is still missing the most fundamental classes.We get one update every few months that changes things and now they had the atrocity to add microtransactions to a already 30 dollar expensive game.
,Not Recommended,232090,28913086,Posted: 1 January,all,BleedingBullet7.62,"If you are a true die hard fan of the original Killing Floor... You are in for a huge let down. The community here is unfortunately, the typical console gamer crowd.CONS that cannot be ignored and ruin the games originallity :The monsters look cartoonish instead gorish.The gameplay feels like a spin off of Left 4 Dead and is in a constant fast past progression.Waves are over just as quickly as they begin.The trader DOES NOT exist. You just report to a hi tech trash can for upgrades and ammo.Automatic voice overs from characters and the ""non-existant"" trader occur too frequently throughout the game.The flamethrower perk is extermely underpowered and its point system is SLOW.The obnoxious KY jelly looking, shiny reflection on objects and characters.Screen effects and HUD display could be fixed if they made it smaller or shortened the duration time.No one communicates to eachother, the community is dead here; It feels like your playing with bots.PROs that are note worthy :You can actually melee monsters off of you.The maps have great details added into them.Weather effects are great.Weapon animations are improved.You can sprint.The sound track is awesome !Sound effects and sound quality have improved.Graphics have obviously improved.Overall dimensions of the in game world look approppriate - this was always a bit off in the 1rst KF.^ - Example- 2 people can now run through the average door way without getting stuck.Overall, it's not a garbage game. It is quite fun and has plenty potential. By far; it will never fill it's father's shoes.UPDATE-After tinkering with the settings1. I suggest shutting off HDR Bloom or ""Bloom Effect""this greatly re-duces the shiny effect on characters and objects in the game, allowing the colors and shadows to look natural.2. Enabling ""motion sickness protection"" reduces how intense the ""screen effect"" animations are. It also reduces the duration they stay on screen.3. You can also reduce the size of the friendly's health / armor icons so they are not always in your face, distracting you from the slaughter."
76561198062998417,Recommended,232090,18046782,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Jim the Jackal,Very misleading game title. This game is not infact about killing floors but is infact a game about killing zombie clones!I was going to ask for a refund but I suppose killing zombie clones is far more fun than killing floors so I guess it all worked out.10/10 Would recommend if you do not like to kill floors!
,Recommended,232090,15496733,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Kujo,Easily my favorite Steam game. Ridiculously fun and it all will only get better with upcoming content updates.
,Recommended,232090,15487083,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,the Juice,develop beautiful relationships with random people you meet on matchmaking then watch them all die when the boss comes11/10 would cry again
76561197981944481,Recommended,232090,15850620,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,JolteN,Awesome game 10/10
76561197966092532,Recommended,232090,15501701,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,GeorgeFourman,"So far for me, after only playing for a brief stint, I must say mechanically and graphically this game is beautiful. Zeds rip apart with ferocity and blood paints the walls like an abstract artist during a manic episode. The choice of guns is moderate. The way each class plays actually compliments the others via skills/traits and is already fairly balanced. On normal the game was challenging but not too difficult to beat(this pertains to a 7 wave run), With more content on the way and a decent amount already availabe, i'd say it is worth the purchase. It has achieved what KF1 has for me when that first came out and now Killing Floor 2 is taking the throne as a fresh and exciting gameplay experience."
76561197978095237,Recommended,232090,15541280,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Tom Foolious,"Take note everyone: This is how Early Access is done! Hell if I didn't know anything about this game and what is has coming I'd be confused as to why it's in Early Access.This game in its current state is very polished and very fun to play. Lots of options depending on how you want to play as well (and more to come!). Even the options for wave length, difficulty and eventually game mode is extremely nice!I recommend this game in its current state if you're a fan of Killing Floor 1. If you are checking this game out for the first time ever and it seems even the slightest bit of fun for ya' pick it up! $30 is a great deal for a game! Especially one that will be supported for years to come! (Killing Floor 1 had its potentially last content this past year, so that can give you an idea of how the devs are with their games!)"
76561198063538294,Recommended,232090,15736142,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Ausfy,"The existance of trollers and♥♥♥♥♥♥medics, who do not heal people, is the only down/con side of the game.Whenever you encounter them, you start to think about how to kill the trollers and medics than taking care of zombies.I think that is why it is called killing floor 2, cause it seems like 2 trollers or medics always mess up the game."
76561197995998316,Recommended,232090,15573600,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,BadDogEDN,Pulverizer = a sledge hammer that fires shotgun shells when you swing it to do AoE damage10/10 would splat Zeds again
76561198002402333,Recommended,232090,15593032,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Lance2k4,"Personal opinion so don't hate please <3 If I wrote anything inaccurate, please accept my apologiesOverall a very good early access game that is very well polished compared to any early access game and it plays pretty much like a fully released game. I am looking forward in playing the final product when the game is completed and out of early access.Leveling up classes is way more fun than kf 1 level grind fest and much more fair in my personal opinionPerks are more advanced than kf 1, you are able to choose and switch perk traits. The first one you get is at lv 5 then 10, then 15, ect. They allow you to slightly alter your characters role in a fight like if you want a trait to carry more ammo or one that allows you to get ammo from you  for free once per wave. The great part is that you are not locked into your selection and you can change it in the main menu or once per waveMelee fighting is really fun, sorta reminded me of Chivalry: Medieval Warfare because of the parrying and blocking system they added to the melee weapons, also by moving your character with the movement key while attacking allows you to swing your melee weapon in that direction (just know that you cannot negate all the damage from their attacks doing this so you cannot do this indefinitely)The current weapons in early access is good, they are loud and punchy and you feel the impact of your weapons hitting your targets and the weapons have their own personal feel to it when you use the weaponA plus note: Medic class weapons are more awesome than kf 1 now, the medic darts now have a soft auto locking feature and will do a beeping sound when its locked to an injury player. The medic class perk traits they unlock are really useful in higher difficulties, making them the main pillar for sustaining a squad survival in harder difficulties, especially against the bossThe games menu is much more nicer than kf 1 menu and server searching is nicer too. (Note: there is a bug right now where the server search often shows an inacurrate amount of players in a game, for example a 6 out of 6 player game actually having only 3-4 players or no players at all in it)The money tossing seems abit ""off"" compared to kf 1 money tossing, I loved seeing piles and piles of money but now it seems limited and spamming it doesnt feel as fun as kf 1 style of money tossing but thats my opinionJust a warning about this early access: There ""Will"" be character wipes during the early access phase because from what I heard from the devs interview video with Totalbiscuit and the other players in the forums, they will do character wipes and the reason is because when they add the rest of the Character classes there will be a need to re-balance things and make sure it doesnt break the gameplay and fun factor or something along those lines but I am hoping the wipes will only happen once all the character classes and readyThere is currently 3 maps to play in the early access so you will get tired after playing the same 3 maps many times and since there will be wipes, any progress will get reset meaning you shouldn't grind out everything to max levels unless you have alot of time to waste just to be forced to start at the beginingGet the game and try it out!(New Note: There is talk that there won't be any perk wipes but not 100% certain so its up to you to find out)"
,Recommended,232090,15701200,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Oddux,This is the most polished Early Access game I have seen. The base games engine and core mechanics are very well done. It is however somewhat starved for content and slow to update.
,Recommended,232090,15542474,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,King Aria,"Tripwire Interactive is one of my favourite game development studios. They have my respect as you can feel the quality with their games. This game is no exception to the TI experience.The graphical and user interface is vastly improved from the original KF. Rather than feeling like a Half Life mod, the game now feels like a triple A standalone game. The game itself is pretty much the same; you fight through waves with the ability to buy weapons between rounds. There are no crosshairs and you must rely on your ironsights to help you shoot. The game is difficult and that's what makes it freakin' fun. You will die over and over again but once you beat a level, you will feel accomplished."
,Recommended,232090,15484978,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Fox,"Like an upgraded version of the original Killing Floor, nice graphics, two new zeds to join your lovely group of friends, unfortunatly a boss that replaces the old Patriarch, and characters that are diverse and colorful with their own voice lines unique to each character, people may see this as redundant, but it makes me feel like a father, whom I play-wrestled my children in the first Killing Floor, and now they're older, tougher, and kick my♥♥♥♥♥.."
,Recommended,232090,15937484,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,✪Raiyries™,"I been playing since the first KF,such a lovely zombie area shooter XDthe gore and the animations in KF2 are super good now compare it to the first game"
,Recommended,232090,15494414,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,[FT]JakeFromSt.Farm,Very fun! Great with Friends or solo.... Can you Survive?
,Recommended,232090,15540348,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Chumpkins,Good
76561198074168956,Recommended,232090,15491302,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,s3xRUSH,wanna kill some floors? nope? me neither...
,Recommended,232090,15593694,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,The Missing Rc,As of right now in it's current early access stage I can't really recommend it because there is just too much missing. Shows a lot of potential and plays very well but just missing too many things for now
76561198166920360,Recommended,232090,15935300,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Tom. The Counselor,"Killing Floor 2 while is an incredibly amazing game that could be played for hours on end gives some classes a great hand others an okay hand. For example the commando class is all-round amazing because it can see the enemy's health, cloaked enemies, gets more damage with all weapons, increased slow mo time, and gets more health with each level. The skills of the class also play on this allowing the player t make the commando into the ultimate marksmen or the pope of spraying and praying and eventually making their already increased slow for the team even more useful. The medic is the jack of all trades able to use all weapons but gets no bonuses to damage however the medic's weapons can later cause zeds to bleed which is useful. getting better armor with each level, mover faster, and being more cable and rapid in healing himself or herself and allies. The Berzerker was the only one that got the short end of the stick being a melee fighter that cannot tank that can duel rather effectively a scrake, min boss, with a crovel or a pulverizer but is easily killed bloats or the husks on higher difficulties. the support is a tank that eventually becomes the best class in the game with the capacity to deal out massive damage to groups of enemies as well as single targets and have having  high damage grenades to further supplement the culling power of the class. Overall it is a blast to play the game I just wish the berserker was was a more viable class his 5 emp grenades are not enough to compensate for the special abilities of zombies above the difficulty hard..."
,Recommended,232090,15679472,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,wondernut muffin,Everything great about KF1 with some improvements. Sprint is actually pretty nice. The new weapons are fun to use. I can't wait to see where this game will go later into early access and eventually official release.
,Recommended,232090,16276415,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,currymonster,"This game improves upon a lot of aspects of the original killing floor. The only thing I would like to see is more content, which I'm sure they will provide in time. (The game is Early Access right now) At the moment, there are 4 maps, one of which they added after I bought the game. I think they will be adding new perks/weapons and maps as time goes on as well. If you liked the first killing floor, you will enjoy this one, a must buy for a fan."
76561198021853835,Recommended,232090,18010704,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,SanGYasha (ぴ￣︶￣)づ,i love this game because the graphics beautiful is better than killing Floor 1 and they have a different perk
,Recommended,232090,15536530,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Sharky Noob,still as much fun as the 1st :)
76561197984962586,Recommended,232090,15996920,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,BBROCK,"This game is like we all expected bloody, gory and amazing ! Still short of perks and maps but every cent worth to buy !!!"
,Recommended,232090,17414763,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,DigitalWffls,Straight forward zombie (ZED) killing game. Way better than Left 4 Dead.Pretty goood graphics and corpse launches.Needs mods though and more comical custom maps instead of serious ones.
76561198059224767,Recommended,232090,15585864,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Koranu,"Beautiful game, outstanding soundtrack"
76561198069153350,Recommended,232090,15528534,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Gutsy,Soooooooo much blood and the meat chunks! they just make the game amazingly fun its like everykill a different limb falls off and its amazing the game is still new but its amazing I find my pleasure not in viewing the different weapons but from scattering bodies and meat chunks everywhere and bathing the entire map in blood 10/10 would splatter again
,Recommended,232090,15993079,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,SunsetShimmer19,"lots of bloody good times, pun greatly intended. only thing i could change is to have Ms Foster in this game"
76561198023780114,Recommended,232090,15569746,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,˥∩˥∩Z,"It's going to be interesting to see its development. Great graphics, but I miss the character humour from the first game, I hope they will implement more. I mean, come on. What's KF without DOOOOSH?!?"
,Recommended,232090,17948410,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,tootpocalypse,doshing I presume
,Recommended,232090,15718261,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Black Metal Dash,It's like the 1st Killing Floor.But With better graphics. Especially the gore.Should you buy it despite only better graphics and early alpha?YES! custom content is already being made as I wrote this down.Stop wasting your time here and go enjoy some BrutalDoom-like gorefest!
,Recommended,232090,16134100,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Awoo Electric Boogaloo,"Been playing this game since it was released, didnt get any pre release keys, but oh well thats life. Huge fan of the original, cant play the original anymore though now due to getting used to the new gore sytem. Few bugs, but they seem to be good with bug fixes aparently, so all I can do is wait. But definetly good to play with all your friends, lacking a few features but they are on the way so I'm not complaining, I know what the idea of alpha is.*Update* Since its near mid 2016 now, the games been out around a year and  I just feel that people arnt giving this game fair reviews. Yes there are some bad things but they do listen to the feedback, don't let anyone else tell you different. but yes, we are still waiting for sharpshooter, yes its been ages, and yes, I do want to play sharpshooter and im not losing my mind like everyone else because I don't want to play it but unlike the majority of this fanbase I have this thing call patience and the will to listen to the developers when they say early access and we dont want to release it too early.They have added a lot more under the hood features than they originally planned, and the regular bug fixes adn balance updates are unlike any other game I have played, they really are putting themselves to get the content out so frequently from a small company like they are.But don't get me wrong, there are still things I disagree with that others may not mind such as the new commos and accessories, I'd much prefer it if it were untradable unlocks that you get by random on an gamly basis, and the more you play the more likely to get a more rare item ect. and completly remove the selling and trading, but thats just me and i seem to be in the minority, most people either want it to stay or go altogether.So before you take advice from either positive and negative reviews don't listen to the impatient people with egos the size of europe, thats the testosterone talking. Overall the game would be a 9 maybe pushing 9.5 out of 10 because its a game I can goto week on week for small hours at a time and just relax on."
,Recommended,232090,15601479,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,MK[SWISS],"There's enough in-depth review on this game, also tons of strategic forums (especially for KF1), so I'm going to give a simple vote:This game is awesome and already very polished. It's definitely playable by now and fans of the previous installment will love it, even though they will miss certain perks like the Sharpshooter at this state of the game. These will be added later to the game according to the devs. 10 different perks (classes) will be around when the game gets released.For everyone who really wants to start KF, go ahead and buy the Digital Deluxe edition - you'll get a copy of KF1 with it. Start there and look forward to the progress KF2 is making."
,Recommended,232090,15644957,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Warp Asylum,Never has an early release game felt so polished and full. Suck it DayZ
,Recommended,232090,30732229,Posted: 25 March,all,AnonymousZombie,"The bosses are artfully created and fun to watch.  They have added new free content regularly, but it really  needed it.  If you enjoy coop zombie-wave shooters, this is definately one of the top in the catagory.  I do wish there was a mod that let you play in ""left4dead"" mode where the waves were not divided into levels."
,Recommended,232090,16018383,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,RoyalGuard,"a beauty ;) a simple and fun zombie killing fest, you can't go wrong with this"
76561198043468744,Recommended,232090,15639770,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Lazy dog,"I am not much into FPS shooters, but Killing floor series makes one of the few exeptions. Really liked the first release and I was excited for KF 2, so I decided go for an early access. I haven't regret that at all.Since it's early access state, It's been very enjoyable experience so far. It is really easy to jump in even if you are not familiar with the FPS genre, gun immersions and overall mood is good, but that soundtrack nails the slaughtering satisfaction.Blood quantity splashed to everything after waves is like Quentin Tarrantino been mix the soup :D. One word, fantastic.Content for early access is enough in my opinion, that I didn't had a feeling of rip off, this fantastic slaughtering experience will only get better when they add more content... and my shotgun is ready for em, I promise :D"
76561198104144810,Recommended,232090,15540173,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Turtle_Pharts,"Even in early access this game is amazing, im sooo excited for this to progressEverything good from the first and lots more"
,Recommended,232090,15505231,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Sub_Trance,"Jump into Solo Mode, excited as hell.Back up into a corner with my shotgun, so no one could catch me off guard.Get ♥♥♥♥ed by three gorefasts and a mountain of clots.11/10 Best Band Camp Experience Ever"
,Recommended,232090,15617289,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Taco Tuesday,"So much fun, can't wait for more content!"
,Recommended,232090,15642728,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Scootypoots,The Scrakes are back with a vengeance.
,Recommended,232090,15494442,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,PFC Rabbit,One of the best games out there. a few things i think they need to fix while its in early access. eberytime you are attacked the camera pans to the zed but with my game play that is bad and causes my death half the time other than that great game love the new weopons and gernades for all the classes plus the perk. im also hoping you bring pyro back at least.
,Recommended,232090,15501685,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Dank Soul Memes,"TL; DR :Early Access done right. As of yet not enough content but thas great potential. Little to no bugs aswel! (i had an issue starting up the game, but it turnd out Nvidea was using the wrong video card... changing the settings in ur Nvidea controle panel should fix this problem! - kinda the same problem GTA5 had- )A must buy if you liked killing floor 1. As of right now you only have 3 maps and 4 perks you can choose from: Support (shotguns), Medic, Berserker (melee) and Commando (assault rifles). Each having about 4 weapons to choose from. So the content right now is limited. The devs however - being modders themselfs- make it easy to mod the game. So in a few months expect more maps to come out. The maps that are there feel expansive and look amazing. From Biolabs where Zeds are shown captive to the Eifel tower crumbling... it just looks amazing.The weapons eventhough there are few of them look and feel amazing. Shooting a zed with a shotgun and seeing its bits go everywhere in slo motion has never felt so good. especially the melee combat has improved over killing floor1. You can now direct ur attacks, block zeds melee attacks, use makeshift melee/ranged weapons (a nailgun and a hammer that has an explosive charge or an sawbladeweapon...) In horde games gunplay is very important and killing floor 2 delivers that satisfaction of shooting zeds over and over. Difficulty has also improved a LOT. Enemies are not bulletspungy in higher difficulty settings... instead they are faster and get more abilities to tear ur face off. What that does is that ur weapons always feel good. A headshot on a zed with anything other then ur standard pistol will make a satisfying pop, even on hell on earth setting.The perks all feel very distinct, just like in the old game. However you dont need to grind to gain levels. No arbitrary ""Welding of doors"" to unlock the next lvl in support. Every action related to ur perk will give you XP. Every 5 lvl's gives you a skill that you can use to get extra ammo packs for ur team mates or double ur hp... etc etc. And not all of them are boring.Customization is again lacking a little bit, but there is defenitly potential. you can choose characters and add different stuff to them, similar to team fortress 2.Conclusion:buy this game if you really enjoy killing floor 1 and played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it. The content as of right now is lacking but when more and more things come out it will become an AMAZING game. Buying it in Early Access will also give you a bunch of free items later on in development. I speculate its going to be all cosmetics.. but its still really nice of them to do that for people supporting their game!"
,Recommended,232090,15525871,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Rexi,Who's♥♥♥♥♥♥do i have to suck to get some flare revolvers around here?10/10
76561197960563367,Recommended,232090,15687141,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,DirkDiggler,This game is awesome! Can't wait until the full release but totally  worth the wait. If you are on the fence about getting the game then get it.
,Recommended,232090,18244633,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Tom,"If you liked KIlling Floor, this game is more of the same with extra Zeds to blow apart with Zed-Time allowing you to marvel at the really satisfying dismemberment system and roll around in entails like the filthy animal you are.Also great for blowing off some steam after a long day where you can pretend the enemies are your annoying co-workers or classmates.Would recommend to people who like a horde survival FPS with loads of glourious gore.Would not recommend to big wimps like Seb or if you have an understandable fear of the following:Blood, guts, guns, naked monsters, Nazis, subways, AIs, chavs, dosh, guys with meat grinders for hands and the French."
,Recommended,232090,15584845,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Loyen,"It's Killing Floor 2, simple as that. They added a few features on top of it but kept the basic Killing Floor, making it a great sequel."
,Recommended,232090,15494540,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,don't know 48,10/10 will play for hours again
76561197977232707,Recommended,232090,16070357,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,edd,"everything i expected, it ran perfect and had no bug's, glitches, crashes or anything. i'm so used to early access game's being crap and full of glitches and bugs but this was perfect. i'm was so happy to finally play it and it did not disappoint, fun, gory, violent, exciting and terrifying(when a flesh pounder runs at you), the KF experience is like no other survival horror. the best part for me is when you're surrounded with your friends, zed's pouring from every entrance, the roar's of the flesh pounds, the sound of the chainsaw and the final realization you're♥♥♥♥♥♥♥so you lock and load and kill as many zed's as possible until you run out of ammo and once death  is near you throw every grenade you have left at the floor at take the surrounding barstards with you ALLAH ARKBARRRR, EPIC!.  all it need's now is more content, once you have played it a lot it get's a little boring but once the new content has been added it will provide hours of pure gory fun. BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!P.S - it's not for pussey's"
76561198075808043,Recommended,232090,15494405,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,キレイ.カワイ.ミライ,even though i didnt played the first one but this is amazing!10/10 would die again
,Recommended,232090,15775529,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,ALT+F4,"Amazing..just amazing.I would give this game 10/10.It has huge improvement over KF1, it runs smoother, looks good, fun, even better if you are playing with friends, interesting.I suggest you to stop looking at these reviews and just buy it already.. totaly worth it.Can't wait to see what will they do with this game after it gets out of ''Early Access'' stage.Also I think it needs bigger weaponary."
,Recommended,232090,15644131,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Storm,"The best early access game i have ever played. Unlike other Early Access games, i have great certainty that this will reach full release. It is a massive improvement from kf1 and i will enjoy to see this game further develop."
76561197971318542,Recommended,232090,15790902,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,AtomicHotSauce,"So far so good!It seems like the TWI understood what made the first game fun, and what didn't.The new Leveling system is great, you level more often in smaller increments, each of which give a small buff to damage, health, and certain class specific abilities. Every 5 levels you will unlock 2 skills, choose the 1 which most suits you play style, for example as the Commando - do you want faster reloads, or higher damage with single shots?So far all of the enemies work well, they all pose a threat - even the weaker ones can give you a nasty surprise if you underestimate them - and the bigger enemies are just as bad as ever.Beacuse only 4 of the eventual 10 (?) classes are available in early access the teams lack a bit of diversity. I chose to play almost excluseivly as a commando to see how the leveling & higher tier abilities worked. The weapons for this class - AR-15, SA80, AK, and SCAR - all seem to be really well balanced, each one is a distinct step up from the previous one without feeling OP or too weak. However the AK isn't totally replaced by the SCAR since it has larger mags, it can be better for dealing with larger mobs of weaker enemies (though it's reload is slower), the SCAR is more useful against tougher opponents - and can even chew a good chunk of health from a Scrake realtively quickly (just don't get cocky). Depending on your play style it might be worth holding onto the SA80 a bit longer if you are using it on single fire with the 20% single shot damage boost.This brings me to another thing that I like - each class tries to cater to 2 different play styles (or a mix therof), hopefully this variety will add to the longevity of the game, along with more classes.Right now it's hard to fault what's there - there isn't much, but what is there is fun, and highly polished. My experience has been very positive - the game hasn't chrashed, and the only bugs I've seen is my avatar being duplicated for other players on the server.I'm looking forward to what TWI does next, especially new classes, bosses, and more weapons - not that there is anything wrong with the weapon sets availible - they all seem solid and well balanced - I'm just used to the variety of the original. Though I think it makes *much* more sense for TWI to concentrate its resources on releasing more classes with small but solid weapon sets first, then start adding in new ones after they have figured out the game balance.Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,232090,15618360,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Cubone_II,Very satisfying. The soundtrack consists of power metal. The game may be early access but has the full polish of a AAA. Community is the least toxic of any game I've seen. Gore system is almost pornographic.Follow up at release: Game still good. New classes great addition although survivalist felt slapped on. Altogether worth the 30 bucks. Above still relevent.
76561198077055650,Recommended,232090,15582184,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,zRzTonyzRz,Awesome!Cant wait for more!Keep up the gore fest Tripwire
,Recommended,232090,15500198,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,rik_40,Everything from the first game upgraded and the 1st game was op.
,Recommended,232090,15480798,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Bryce,Great game! A huge improvement from the first one. Only problem is the servers because the game was released 2 hours ago. Edit: L-O-D-S OF E-M-O-N-E!
76561197998095750,Recommended,232090,15585798,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,fasteraubert,I have enjoyed the game thus far. I did like the first one alot better but the boss fight in this one is a huge improvement and I'm sure once the other classes and more weapons become available that this one will catch up to the first one.
,Recommended,232090,15620133,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Bobice,"This is like the first Killing Floor but better. The graphics are good, guns feel and sound powerful, and I personally find it more challenging. I've never crashed once, this is an early access game done right. If you liked the first one and have a good enough computer, you should get it. Cheers."
,Recommended,232090,17093370,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Kai Sellgren,"This game is very addicting. It's very intense, blood-filled and offers pure joy. It's even better with friends."
76561198098092035,Recommended,232090,15492478,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,SushiSnacker,Great Game
,Recommended,232090,15482055,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Twitchtv_Chiseled,"This is exactly the kind of sequel that is needed for a game, improvements all around, and will continue to grow."
,Recommended,232090,15662724,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Clad Vesto,"This game is amazingly fun. Killing all of the Floors has never been better (so far). I loved KF1 and I knew that I would love the sequel, so I'm bias no matter.A few notes I have so far.1. Sound cracks out during later waves. Likely due to the amount of blood plus all of the ZEDs moving around and all of us shooting at them. Definitely will happen if we stick to one area the entire map.2. Berserker perk.  I love berserker in KF1, now I just can't stand it. Maybe it's got the same leveling curve as before but man do I hate that shovel. Let me level with that Katana!3. Support perk. Many improvements, still hate this perk. Nothing else. xD4. Field Medic perk. I absolutely love this perk, I did in KF1 and I love it even more now. Homing darts!? FINALLY! I hope that Medic gets more weapons in it's arsenal like a Scout Rifle or the return of the Bile Thrower or something even more hi-tec (ZED GUN!?). On Normal difficulty, I was able to solo Hans from Yellow-phase after 4 teammates had died, so he was buffed for 5 members. This experience took about 45 minutes of kiting but I was victorious [ but videos or it didn't happen :( ]. Even though I was able to do this, Field Medic is far from being overpowered, like I said 45 minutes of running and popping a few shots, constantly running to ammo boxes and vests if they appeared. The guns for Medic are as intended, they are enough for the short stuffs but are nothing against a FP. Scrakes are killable if you land EVERY shot into their HEAD (on Normal).5. Perk system as a whole. ""I love what you did to the place."" It's so much more rewarding this time. Constant improvements and every 5 levels, we get a neat enhancement to the class, of our choice. It is so much better now.6. Finally, I eagerly await Pyro!I'm very excited about this game and I know I'll be maining this game for quite some time!"
76561197997149323,Recommended,232090,15526370,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Sexpantherdudebro,"Kill Clots, throw dosh."
,Recommended,232090,18837552,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Ezion,"awesome zombie game, awesome graphics, awesome pplTHIS IS MY BOOMSTICK!!"
76561197969227291,Recommended,232090,18247574,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,The Legacy,"For an 'early access' game, this game is surprisingly well polished. The ONLY hint that this game isn't complete, is that there's currently only one boss character to face currently. That said...the rest of the game is superbly polished, and the one end-boss there is, is downright frightening.Hopefully, in the near future, more boss types will be added, but as it's stands, it's definitely worth your money."
76561198047102011,Recommended,232090,30780610,Posted: 27 March,all,Arngrim,"It's like Left for Dead and Slayer had a baby, then abandoned the poor sod on the side of the road to be raised by sociopaths.10/10 would abandon helpless child again."
,Recommended,232090,15495082,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Realmonster,Game runs well on my aging AMD system and looks like it has potential. Thanks nosTEAM for letting me try it out before I bought it.
,Recommended,232090,15491097,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,SPR,"This game is a piece of art, at first you choose your painting tool - there are shotguns and rifle brushes - wait for some zed inks and then paint the floor with bloody red.10/10 strangely beautiful!"
,Recommended,232090,15617943,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,N7Pankake,"Well the graphics are amazing, zed mode is amazing too compared to the one of KF1 this one doesnt lagg me at all *-* (personal opinion), Difficulty... mmmm normal mode is pretty much begginer but still if you dont pay attention to the enviroment you can get rekt easily i dont recomend to play this in hard+ unless you have a premade team bad decisions = rekt to your whole squad, the new scrake and fp omg they are really the♥♥♥♥♥♥bro if you are looking for good shooter game that involves monsters i would say this is the game for you. is a shame that they took out Pyromaniac and Demolion those were my favorite class at least medic is still up :3 have fun killing zeds woooooooooooo HYPE TRAIN WOOOOOOO"
,Recommended,232090,15577615,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,1 Memes,"This game is scarier than the first and doesn't even feel unfinished, apart from the way there's about 2 or 3 weapons for each perk."
,Recommended,232090,15592779,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,xGrantx,Loving it thus far. If you're a fan of #1 you'll dig it. Can't wait for more content to be released. Tons of fun as it is.Really liking the ability to customize your character further than just a full skin. The accessories and color options were a great touch.Wish there was more than one playable female character though.
76561198135202937,Recommended,232090,18039493,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,ChibiKokiri,The game gets better and better the longer I play it. The weapons are limited right now but who's to say there wont be more? As well as workshop content. The first game was amazing and this one is no disappointment:)
76561198047423046,Recommended,232090,15588548,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Tornater,Spoiler Alert:You will die...... And love every second of it and cheer and encourage anyone still living. And watch them die.
,Recommended,232090,18301417,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Slog Slog Fatass Dog,"Fun. lots of gore, a great revival of the first gameand i almost forgot to mentionCOSMETICS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,232090,16098505,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Berrii,"A fun and gory FPS game with a wave-based survival system. Survive the rounds of different creatures coming for you and you're faced up with the final boss, the mad scientist who started it all. It's still in Early-Access, but it already has many weapons and classes for you to play. As it nears full release, they will add tons of other weapons, maps and maybe even other bosses. Really worth the 27€ it costs as it is as good as most AAA games."
,Recommended,232090,19086627,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Primed Betch,Gibe me da gore
,Recommended,232090,16092833,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Kappa,Amazing game.
,Recommended,232090,15621483,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Mozzy f(x),"If you have played and liked Killing Floor 1, this game is an amazing step-up with better graphics, better mechanics, better UI and hud elements. All the classes seems good. I love the Field Medic.For me this was an insta buy.10/10(and its only in early access)"
,Recommended,232090,16113204,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,MadBurrito,"Really solid even in alpha stage. Fun gameplay, excellent controls and decent optimization, def recommend. 9/10"
,Recommended,232090,15752277,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Elusive,"A $30 game that is better then most $60 games.And its not even finished yet.Why are you still reading this? just go and buy the game all ready, you wont regret it."
76561198178105115,Recommended,232090,17326869,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Welsh Gamer News,Really Really Really fun and enjoyable zombie killer
,Recommended,232090,19099840,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,SonnyBear,"Killing Floor 2 is a solid 10/10!This game is very addictive. I am currently playing during early access.Enemies can be dismembered, burned, smashed, even popped.Zeds are very unique, each possessing a different ability, and attack style.The game does however lack content, I hope the game continues to grow and develop.Even with that being said. You should buy this game, and join the fight.-Pros--6 players in a lobby-Exciting weapons-Blood, Guts, and Gore! With Nvidia-Level up to gain new skills-Awesome level design-Music is good for a few hours-Lots of custom maps-Cons--Boss fights are lame-Enemies can super jump over objects-Cant upgrade weapons, or add attachments-Vote to kick system is terrible. Abused constantly-Zeds get stuck on custom maps-Fewer players in lobby = Less Zeds that spawn-Game development is terribly slow"
76561197998875496,Recommended,232090,15990823,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Wheatley,"if this game gets cancelled from y'all refunding it imma kill y'ally'ever make a vidya game with 50 people before,♥♥♥♥♥♥takes ages, get over it"
,Recommended,232090,17978180,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Ξ₭ΙŁǤØɌΞ,"A truly amazing zombie gorefest, better than the first in every way imaginable"
,Recommended,232090,15529448,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Quoth the Raven,"Updated 10/7/2016:This game, and few others like it, are gems in the gaming world; not just because their game is what we want, nor even the fact that they relaxed their copyright and allow us to mod- but because after a year plus in Early Access I do not feel cheated, the game that was full on early release is even fuller now. Thank you for being a gaming company the industry needs. All the best.Old Post:Like Killing Floor, except better graphics for the moment. It is clear they are about to take this into the deep end. Nevertheless, as is, this feels the same as KF. So if you are in the mood for some early access action i recommend it."
,Recommended,232090,15490787,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,TinyLazerRaptor,Updated ReviewJumped back in after not playing for a while. It would seem that tripwire have worked to fix the issues that the game had around the time the Gunslinger update came in and KF2 is currently an extremely fun and enjoyable experience.There are now a whole bunch of maps and the perks each feel very different to play. I'm really enjoying the 'intelligent' AI as you move up into higher difficulties. Fighting zeds that dodge roll is much more interesting than fighting bullet sponges.The community I've experienced since I jumped back in has been pleasant and generally KF2 is just a really good time. I have renewed hope for seeing this game hit full release.
76561198014016685,Recommended,232090,16104105,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Danny,"Basically a totally enhanced version of KF1. I am excited to watch this game evolve with new maps, perks, and weapons. Definitely worth the money.Edit: A year and a half later and Tripwire exceeded expectations. So many new perks, maps, and weapons. And the playerbase is always growing. Excellent game!"
,Recommended,232090,19649457,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,guma,"OLD REVIEWGreetings everyone, it's the second time I ever posted a review so you can see I must have a big point to show to be bothered to do it again. Tripwire promised to add more content at a very high rate and getting the game finished by the end of 2015. The real rate at which they are adding content is well... lower, much lower. They were meant to add about 7 classes in about half a year. Added 3 so far. Not mentioning the fact they are giving us wrong classes rather than the ones we actually need gameplaywise but it's not the point right now. If they are going to continue adding content at this rate we're going to get the game finished by 2017. Game will be dead by then because they chose to focus on milking the stupid by adding crate system and cosmetics rather than focus on providing content they promised us. My only guess is they got too much money from the early access relase, got crazy, lost it and now try to get some money to either stay afloat or try to finish the game. Game itself is an awesome idea and style but the devs are choking it to death. Shame.@edit 2 Mar @ 3:38pmHey everyone, just wanna add a note - they didn't screw up with the money, they just chose to focus on developing a new game, rising storm. That's right, they took the money form kf2 and focused on developing rising storm instead. Wow.@another edit 21/03/2k16Just an interesting fact - their website still says that they want to finish the game by the end of 2015. :DNEW REVIEW  - 18/09/16So the devs are finally putting some effort into fixing this game, it's a shame it took them so long but I can now say the game is playable. I still do hold grudge to the devs for over a year of lies but at this point the game itself is alright and I can enjoy it therefore unless you don't want to give money to the devs for the past bad deeds they did, the game is worth buying and enjoying in it's current state and I'm willing to change the review to positive. I hope you keep up the good work tripwire."
,Recommended,232090,15546508,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Wibb,im lovin it. a worthy successor to the zed splatting slow motion thriller that is... KF
,Recommended,232090,16019681,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,MoogleTime,"Good game , can't wait for more bosses / classes to come out."
76561198126112923,Recommended,232090,15482035,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Get Schwifty,"Okay, So far I've played 6 hours on this game, and i've enjoyed every second on it. It's just like the first one with better graphics and alot MORE GORE ! the only downside to this game is that the servers are bad for now but you'd expect them to be on day one. But despite the servers I really recommend this game if you are looking for a good FPS and wave based gameEDIT-------"
76561197962973671,Recommended,232090,15535552,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Past0ri,"Only played for couple of hours, and it feels AWESOME! It is still in early access, so only 3 maps, 4 perk classes etc, but i enjoyed every second so far. The gore is there, the atmosphere is grim and gruelsome, the brits are fighting alongside the french, new boss, new things, new stuff and and and something new i guess? i dont know, it has everything i need: blood, blades and bullets. and it runs incredibly smooth with high settings on my 3-year old comp. If you dont buy it, Wayne Rooney IS smarter than you.Edit: Firebug and Demo smoking hot + 2 new maps and ton of fixes and stuff in the latest betaEdit2: PATTY! Also new perk; gunslinger, 2 new maps and lots of fixes and new bugs.Edit3: Lots of updates and patchfixes have arrived to the game; new maps, achievements, sharpshooter perk(!), tweaks, improvements, versus mode and new hats i guess :IEdit4: SWAT -perk, new map, lots and lots of tiny little tweaks b'cause community keeps sobbing. Oh and i think i saw some new hats.Final product: So, the game seems to be complete. Some tweaks and bugfixes more, throw in couple of hats and a new perk which is useless, i guess thats a wrap! Imho the game is everything it needs to be, but its also plenty of things unnecessary. Still, lots of gameplay hours left, well at least until all the achievements are done."
,Recommended,232090,17952807,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,big guy,"some minor balance issues aside, a pretty solid game so far.some pros & cons:Pros:+much better map designs that are pretty open and have a lot more special enterances for different specimens; your team is less likely to camp in one location.+firebug doesn't feel useless anymore+weapons are even more satisfying to use than KF1; nothing quite like decapitating a fleshpound with a zweihander.+no longer punish you for buying weapons outside of your class (KF1 had that annoying cost reduction for class weapons)+diversity in grenade types makes having different classes in the team actually valuable, instead of the ol' 5 supports + 1 medic in KF1+lvl based perk makes your level actually somewhat important.+medic gun hitbox is greatly improved; healing allies from a distances no longer trigger aneurysmCons:-despite the work they've put in, all the maps they've put out so far still have at least 1 area that's extremely campable.-fire animation for the firebug weapons looks kinda cheap; just personal taste though.-the predictable attack patterns and large size of the fleshpound actually make it less threatening than the scrake; shouldn't that be the other way around?-personal peeve: can't grind other classes by using their weapons; makes playing certain classes almost feel like a chore. *COUGH* commando *cough*-parry system is extremely poorly explained, frankly i don't even bother using it.-blood on ground has a weird quality to it that makes it extremely hard to judge judge distances as well as completely cover the environment in strawberry jam so thick you can't even tell the feature of the terrain.Aside from these minor improvements, I'd say its a pretty great game so far. I do not look forward to sharpshooter release though; entire teams will be consisted of folks trying to grind their sharpshooter levels. Its a pretty terrible call on  tripwire's part."
76561198036931113,Recommended,232090,15709000,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Coffee,"I entered a game late, with just the starting weapons.Everyone gathered around me and made it rain so that I could buy some good gear.10/10 community"
76561198068184844,Recommended,232090,15665580,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,The Crushinator,"For an early access game, this blew the pants clean off me.Even with only three maps and roughly half the perks there used to be, this game is an absolute blast to play!  It was only after sinking hours and hours into the game that I started craving a bit more variety--but not from the gameplay.  Oh no!This game is visceral to the very core.  Enemies fly apart based on wherever you hit them, each weapon is fine-tuned to feel powerful and effective in your hands, and the panic when reloading is absolutely real.  Not to mention the phenomenal amount of voice work that has gone into this game, and the kickin heavy metal soundtrack.  Everything this game has to offer at this point is polished, shiny, and worth taking home to show mom.There's a noticeable dearth of content now, but it is clear that the team is only going to release new stuff when it is absolutely ready, and I support that 100%.  Everything from here on out is guaranteed to be a blast--the new perks, the new maps, possibly even a new zombie or two!  I can't wait!I found myself enjoying playing as the berserker nearly every time.  Reloading is the death of me, and finally having the opportunity to play a melee character effectively in first-person is something I've been wanting for a long time (well, other than the king of such games, Shadow Warrior).  It's rewarding, it's bloody, and I found myself having a screaming good time every time I picked up my modified shovel and started crushing heads.  Favorite moment:  taking out the last zombie in a wave on a team match by leaping through the air and smashing his head in one perfect, movie-grade strike.Is it expensive for an early access game?  Yes.  But worth it.  Trust me on this: if anything you've read up til now sounds like fun, you won't regret buying this game.  I bought it on a whim, and I can't put it down!"
,Recommended,232090,30832306,Posted: 30 March,all,Some Useless Ass Goddess,"Probably one of ""if not"" THE best survival shooter's I've played in a long time. Plenty of replayability, quirky characters that you will soon love to bits, High octane gore and action you'll ever see in a shooter (Some may beg to differ) and this game unlike most shooters will NOT hold your hand all the way through.Great with a group as matchmaking these days is the downside of this game (Too many causuals not knowing what to do most the time) as well as not being able to easily setup a game with friends (I've ran into this problem before and it drove me and my friend crazy)would recommend to people who LOVE gore and survival right down to the detail. I wouldn't reccomend if you are thinking of it as a Left 4 Dead clone (and trust me it's more unforgiving than L4D you'll see) and thnk its a walk in the parkoverall Good Game Is Gud ;)"
,Recommended,232090,30726784,Posted: 25 March,all,Nemesis(Moving House),"I Highly Recommend this game, its better than killing floor because it is more appealing and it has more weapons, cosmetics and goreDoesnt have a lot of dlcThe only downside is it has microtransactions"
76561198060790092,Recommended,232090,17701174,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Jäger,"This game is everything and more you could want from Tripwire. They aced it. The soundtrack is perfect, and makes you want to just keep murdering Zeds. If you want endless hours of absolute brutal gore, and lots of guns then this game is for you. Absolutely love this game."
,Recommended,232090,15483251,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,fshnstyLah,this game ruleeeeeeeeeeees
,Recommended,232090,18417709,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,EliMadness,Killing Floor 2 is a must play.
76561197970924639,Recommended,232090,15575378,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Erotic Toothpaste,"It's like a playable version of the super mario bros movie, but with less Bob Hoskins."
76561198037875388,Recommended,232090,15554099,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,runstooslow,"This game is a complete improvment on what was originally created in killing floor 1. The guns have a satisfying kick and the monsters move organically. Even with the reduced content the game is still very much playable and great fun. I would recommend this game to anyone that is a fan of gore and excessive violence. Also the lighting in the game(when at the correct brightness) is incredible.9.5/10 early access experience.8.0/10 General enjoyment, only because it's missing the rest of the content."
76561198046706076,Recommended,232090,15571447,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Morbius,I HIGHLY recommend this game. I wanted it as soon as I heard Tripwire was developing it. Really I can't find enough words to describe how amazing this game is. If you enjoyed KF 1 (which I'm sure you did) then you will absolutely love this one. Do yourself a favor and buy this game. Thank you Tripwire!
,Recommended,232090,18592203,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Fluffiest Floofy Floof,"Better than the first one, even more gorier."
,Recommended,232090,15718307,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Phil_Phallus,"A damn good game so far! Immensely satisfying gun play, sound effects, graphics and gore. An impressive successor to the original Killing Floor. I look forward to seeing just what Tripwire Interactive will do with it!"
,Recommended,232090,23799967,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Eyy-Man,This review used to be negative.Tripwire did a good job in fixing the mistakes and decisions that made me give this game a thumbs down.Now I can happily endorse this game again.
76561198022005750,Recommended,232090,15494293,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Halfhesh,"it's a nice game. sadly it (currently) lacks the feel that KF1 had.but all in all it's a nice game.""we weren't paid enough. 9/10"" -IGN"
,Recommended,232090,15716034,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,- Titan λ,este juego es vergon!
76561197990893763,Recommended,232090,16727204,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Square,"Right, so I dunno if this is a concern for everyone, but for me, the maps are the only problem with the game so far, after all it is an EAG, are the maps. Or more specifically the size and lighting of the maps. All the maps that are in are either too too small and or poorly lit. For all the effort they are making to replicate the feel of the first game, the maps are the only things that aren't quite right the way I see it. They did change the way the berserker works, but it doesn't overly fuss me, with the block making the zerk a dedicated scrake/fleshpound killer. So yeah, if not tripwire then I hope the community will think to replicate the feel of maps like mountain road, moonbase or shipping yard."
,Recommended,232090,15724256,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Minecraftdude2001,"Good game. Lots of gore, bash heads in. Chainsaw man came after me, dieddedededed 10/10 would diedededed again."
76561198009711391,Recommended,232090,15491851,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,CHI_K3 GAMING,"Puts on Raybans in slow motion and helicopter flies overhead.......'this♥♥♥♥♥♥just got real'. So at long last Tripwire Interactive has finally given the killing floor we once all new a new lick of red paint and boy does it look stunning. From the delicate detail of a sealing dripping blood form your latest wave to the sublime gun animations that were imbedded into the game, this game is gonna fire your rockets!!! The graphics of the old killing floor were dated and the level of immersion into the game lacked a feel of realism, time to be afraid...very afraid, with 3D surround sound in a dark room do you dare take a look around at the scrake that is homing in on you. Time to put your man pants on and grab your AR15. 9.5/10 you will not be disappointed!"
,Recommended,232090,18161848,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Speed Is Life,"While I would suggest you wait till the finish/mostly finish this game and the content in it, but I can say there's no regrets after purchasing this. The limited guns there are are very satisfying to shoot and the team play in the game is fun. Hopefully more content is released faster here, but I don't regret the game that I bought. Unlike DayZ."
,Recommended,232090,15764595,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,moscotruva,Yes. Get this game.
76561198056929088,Recommended,232090,30758916,Posted: 26 March,all,nukeboy1100,game is really fun and runs smoothly most of the time i will easy give it a 10/10 but there was one thing i found bothersome and that was when MM was not able to tell when you had a party of 6 players and would not create a server for you or find an empty one but otherwise great game
76561197971746146,Recommended,232090,18500146,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Sex On The Street Bad Company,Yes If you have friends to play the game with then yes! :D
,Recommended,232090,15890543,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,!!! Vooper !!!,"Delicious co-op goodness (even in early access with some polish to be had), may the blood of monsters never stop flowing.  Like most co-op PvE games, best in smallish doses."
,Recommended,232090,16039286,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Priad,"Early Access Review that I am MORE THAN GLAD that I participated.  How so?....here we go.1.  It works.  No crashes on my rig, only minor audio hiccups with mic communications.  Performance is great, game looks great, plays great with understandable lag depending on server.2.  What is available shines in all areas of graphics, sound, design, and playability. It is simply fun and satisfying to see and hear zombies coming apart in various ways depending on where/what you shoot and WITH what you shoot.3.  The idea of the game is sound!  Lots of unique character perks (playstyles) coming our way that makes sense, plays well, not perfectly balanced, but what is?  Lots of unique environments that beg to be explored and discovered.Overall, this a fun game that is so satisfying whether in solo or co-op, with lots of interesting avenues for expanding.  Whether it's new weapons, new characters, new modes, new maps, or just simply new costumes and items, this game has a solid foundation to move forward.  I only hope that it does!"
,Recommended,232090,16247920,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,MeepAlmighty,Game is geat but there's no mac version :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
76561198056738483,Recommended,232090,16383071,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Gay for pay,"Great game, kept all great features of the last game and improved on all aspects cant wait for new perks and maps to be added"
,Recommended,232090,16378616,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Moe's Moments,"You ever go to the fridge and look inside and see that one can of soda? So, you grab it, drink it, enjoy the flavor of it, and once your done, your like, man, i should probably buy more, but im low on cash. Now, imagine years later, the same people who made the first drink made a second drink with the same flavor from before, but NOW, the added LEMONADE! ♥♥♥♥ING LEMONADE! And its a liter of it. So now, your like ""Hell yeah, im digging this!"", but its only a test, not the actual offical flavor.So, in conclusion, Naked Mole people, Crazy German Scientist wants to feel you up, and I creamed my pants....TWICE.9/11 - Fosters Home for Imgainary Zed's"
,Recommended,232090,16857136,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,The Sheriff,i love littlemex!
,Recommended,232090,16992712,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,sugi,"Prior to playing KF2, I was quite inexperienced with FPS games. The learning curve was therefore steep, and it was frustrating to lose all the time, but I am now addicted and play it all the time with my friends. It is almost completely skill-based (unlike, say, L4D2), so it is very satisfying to win.If you are new to FPS games or KF, I recommend looking up strategies online as they will help you immensely. This is not a game that you can blindly shoot your way through.Early Access aspect: I have not encountered any major bugs. The game feels very polished already. There just isn't much content at the moment (4 maps).TL;DR: hard to learn, but very addictive and satisfying. Completely playable as it is."
,Recommended,232090,16773596,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Noir,"Addictive Killing, Bad♥♥♥♥♥Soundtrack, Interesting Monsters, but Bad Optimization. Also not as gory as other reviews made it seem.Lasting Effect6/10There isn't a story (yet), so there isn't much to hold onto. The weapons and monsters are memorable though.Creativity7/10There aren't many games with these types of monsters, guns, maps, music, and style. But an apocolypse setting isn't anything new.Sexiness9/10The weapons look cool, the monsters look cool, and the blood is amazing. The characters, sadly, aren't hot. They're actually revolting.Soundtrack10/10Lovely character voices. It's fun going berserk on monsters to heavy death metal.Coolness10/10Feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥or become immersed as a scared survivor by wielding doors, waiting for the breach, or just being a psycho and obliterate the monsters.42/50Buy this game if you love killing (in video games). ||Buy it especially if you are a fan of the L4D series, or obviously the 1st Killing Floor."
,Recommended,232090,18040658,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Yeno  ヽ（´ー｀）┌,it's touhou
76561197971722446,Recommended,232090,17941144,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,MouthyMan,"Not many hours in yet, but I just wanted to say it's everything I hoped it would be.GET THIS WHILE ITS ON SALE :)"
76561198024850979,Recommended,232090,17949503,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,sigmasoldier,"Obviously there are numerous improvements to killing floor 2, but the first thing that stood out for me wasnt a zed or a weopon or anything like that, it was the music. I listen to most of the bands featured in the game already and I started laughing when time slowed down during a rush from a chainsaw swinging super zed, all I could hear was double bass kick from drums and bullets.10/10 would headbang to slow motion chaos again."
,Recommended,232090,17932939,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Firestampede,"I've never been in many Early-Accesses, but I have read plenty reviews of others and can happily say that my time one in particular is a lot better than others say about other games. I know that early-access isn't everything, but this game is showing its potential right now in its current state to a high degree. I have really enjoyed this game so far to the point where it's now one of my 2015 favorites.Some of this next section will be compared to the original Killing Floor (in case people wonder what I mean by words such as ""refined"").Graphics: Awesome!Sound Effects: Nothing to complain about, everything sounds as they should if not a little better.Gameplay: Refined (rejoice Medics, it's a lot easier to heal people!) and improved on several levels.Soundtrack: What a Zombie/Mutant game should have, but amped up to the max! (probably 33%-50% of why I bought the game)Optimization: Wonderful! Frame-drops are non-existant for the most part. Lag is minimal 99% of the time if there is any at all.Replayability: It is what it is for some people... But I personally love the feeling of chopping up all of the enemies again and again!Speaking of which, Enemies: Balanced to where they should be. Basic enemies feel like basic enemies. Husks are the ranged guys who are somewhat easy to kill, though can be dangerous if left unchecked. Sirens are annoying as usual. Scrakes and Fleshpounds... They are now the fierce savages that they should've been in the first game! (note: Fleshpounds were savage in the original KF, but they are even more brutal now and even have a global warcry upon spawning). The boss: A decent bit more interesting to fight than the Patriarch from the 1st game.Last but not least, Animations: The animations for enemy movement as well as your own are solid and realistic for the most part. The only little oddity is your ability to send chair flying by running into them...The only thing I really don't like is the lack of the Sharpshooter class from the original KF. That being said, I suspect they're working on that due to a certain tab in the shop that is empty, the icon being that of a sniper rifle...The game is coming along WONDERFULLY! I would highly recommend you buy in if you are a fan of the first game! Support the devs, and join us on the Killing Floor! Though... Could you spare me some dosh? ;)"
76561198066615973,Recommended,232090,17947524,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Arkreiner,"A steam game actually came out of early access, now that says something. If you like Zombie wave survival games this is the game to get.Pros:-Great weapons-Love the healing system-Weight system is a very good idea instead of weapon limit-Good assortment of zombie types-I like the fact that zombies can grab you and you can either shoot them off or melee-Fun maps to play onCons:-Sprinting hardly moves you faster, but can still outrun some zombies-Needs more guns-Needs differnet bosses"
,Recommended,232090,15504619,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Ron Ehrenlos,Finally a game where i can close Spotify!I love the tweaked gameplay for the second part of Killing Floor.The advanced gore system is also very helpful for the gameplay.It's like feedback or an alternative way to show you how much HP of yourenemies are left. This is very helpful especially when you dont play the Commander Perk.They also added a crosshair for those who are headbanging way to hard!And please stop blaming Tripwire for the lack of content. IT IS EARLY ACCESS!They did everything right: First the gameplay and tweaking and after that comes the content.It doesn't play like a beta because they focused on the gameplay first.
,Recommended,232090,17965088,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,PABLØ!-(Divine & Bright)-,zombie slay gore amazing graphics great tactics you cant go wrong here
76561197963281618,Recommended,232090,17883253,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Shazbot01,"Is it better than the last one? As of 6/18/2016, YES!After a year(ish) since I last gave the free weekend a whirl, this game has gotten a lot more fun to play. What I liked:+ You can mix and match classes with weapons. My favorite so far is being a berserker with a medic pistol.+ The perk system kinda splits the classes into 2 mini-classes to give you a bit more variety.+ The difficulty makes a nice progression with the levels. Normal is a great boot camp for 1-10, you CAN win against the boss but it is a challenge."
76561198008149534,Recommended,232090,17085415,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,SlacK CaT,"Oh hell yeah. Killing Floor 2 is too much fun.The zombie mayhem dosen't stop.Advanced blood modeling, maps with attention to detail....A good selection of your favorite modern weapons....$29 bucks is not too shabby for a game that is a violent **must play**But overall I give it 9.1/10 stars....Much Blood and Gore"
76561198022093580,Recommended,232090,17321608,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Highfive,"Much tougher than KF1. Commando the only class I've been running & is underpowered. If you get cornered by a Skrake or Fleshie your toast & Mr. Pat forget it.. - feel almost useless :P. Weapon selections are expensive & insufficient for the task. At level 20 have the option for 20% more damage from 'burst' or 'full-auto' fire will probably be a bit better but very frustrating currently (lv. 18). Medic, Support & Berzerker seem much like KF1, though I liked to run Sharpshooter or Demo. in the former game has left me a bit disappointed that those classes are not in KF2 yet. Another problem I've had is frame rate. I've got a decent rig & have turned the graphics way down but plays way different than demo. videos for me. In KF1 I could play with a 150 ping, in KF2 it has been very difficult to play with a ping over 100. Though I'd recommend the game it   needs work just to reach the KF1 standard and it's more than the lack of weapons or certain classes."
76561198110361245,Recommended,232090,17209410,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,cptstevesie,"I never played the first one, so these are fresh eyes.If you like 1st person horde mode shooters, this game is for you.The gameplay itself is very fun, and works well. Guns feel real; your bullets feel like they do actual damage and make eliminating zeds very satisfying. The enemies get dismembered/decapitated/gibbed constantly, and there are enough of them that its very easy to run out of ammo, which sort of builds some tension, and makes the larger enemies feel like more of a threat. There are times you feel helpless; there are times when your team falls and the entire round comes down to you.The environment has some destructible elements, like monitors and lights and♥♥♥♥♥♥ and when the lights get blown out it can make for a tougher experience. And only some weapons have flashlights, so you sometimes run into a situation where it may benefit the group if a certain person picks a certain class to use a certain wepon with a light. Otherwise its just for show.Teamwork is a necessity. However, communication isn't. Pretty much as long as everyone plays their part, stays together and faces different directions, youll be good. I've never used a mic, and only chat to say TAUNT ZEDS or make dumbass comments.It's a very good game for general standards, never mind early access.The bad: It's early access and feels incomplete though the mechanics are solid. There are currently only four maps, which can get repetitive after you've upgraded your favorite class the whole way (though there are servers with custom made maps).There are only four classes and no sort of 'prestige' system, where you can go back and unlock perks again, just for the added extra something to do, which I would like to see. And there are technically 8 perks but you can only have 4 active at a time. There are no unlockable things at all, like weapons or cosmetics. But there are achievements.Shotguns feel useless so I never play Support.The melee class, Berserker, needs some improvements with hit detection/animations and♥♥♥♥♥♥If you put a new mag in your weapon, but don't fully complete the reloading sequence, like to run away from a zed, you need to reload all over again, which is very frustrating and can cause problems for a Commando.Medic is boring, but that might just be personal preference.Alll in all its a very good game and if you like this genre of FPS you would be entertained for a while.I wish updates would occur much more regulary, though. Even if they're just little tweaks. Just to know there is definitely still more to come. ;_;"
76561198164317486,Recommended,232090,17617059,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,1hp.,You like Killing Creeps and Dark close or open Areas?You like guns?You like unkillable bosses?THEN BUY KILLING FLOOR 2 <3
,Recommended,232090,17363571,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Guanglai Kangyi,"My first Killing Floor 2 experience. haha>started playing game in 2015>pretty good main menu>graphic setting set to high>feelsgoodman>went to matchmaking>set difficulty on suicidal (cuz i want to die xD)>joined the game>already wave 6/10>8 seconds left for trading>fuc>ended up with ar-15 with small amount of bullets>hell yeah>zeds are comming>headshot 1 slippery coon>his head popped and blood spilled on my monitor>oh boy, this gon b good>killed some more zeds>mr foster starts screaming>""Bloody wank stain!"">i started to laugh>chainsaw and loud scream follows>darn>out of ammo>started yelling in voice chat: ""we dead boys"">fuccin chainsaw butcher is approaching us with group of other zeds>screw it>i ready my pistol and start shooting that mofo in head>he starts to run towards me like a madman>what have i done>he starts to attack me>half of my hp is gone>he starts spinning and proceeds to slice me up>i quitTL;DRis good game but i recommend to play on normal for the first 50 hours9/10"
,Recommended,232090,17399493,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Phishfood,"Much shinier graphics. Better interface. More blood. More difficulties.If you liked the original this one is better in every way. If you are bored of the original or didn't like it in the first place, this won't change your mind.Stop reading this review and buy the game already."
,Recommended,232090,15934212,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Kaizen,"I loved the first game, and I was so hyped for the sequel. Totally worth the wait, and worth every penny. You can tell the devs really poured out their souls into this game. I love the gritty feel of it, and the music is amazing. I think anyone who likes FPS games should try this game out!10/10 will buy all DLC"
76561198047867466,Recommended,232090,15510584,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Nevada,much wow
76561198001807994,Recommended,232090,15500113,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Crudux Cruo,"I only recommend this right now because tripwire is an awesome company, and they deliver on their promises; however i am disappointed at the moment.  Why?Cons:1/2 the guns of KF1(before dlcs). in a game thats all about guns, thats important and this isn't cutting it.Balance is off. Normal is pretty hard, and hard is a total butt pounding.3 maps. 3... is that really all they could churn out for the launch?Why still buy this game?Pro:Game looks awesomeWeapons are awesomeGore and sounds are awesome.Team developing it is awesome, and each sale funds more update.One thing that will change my mind into recommending this is excessive DLC's before they've properly added a passable amount of progress for the ""Full Release"".Crossing my fingers, its worth funding them, and i'm going balls deep into this."
76561198012914348,Recommended,232090,15497649,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,SickBow,"Killing floor, but iterated and improved in every way imaginable. Very responsive controls, EXCELLENT weapons and weapon mechanics, enemies reacting intuitively to damage, great system performance, and much more all with the promise of more content delivered periodically as more updates roll out."
,Recommended,232090,15910748,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Wild Wolf,"Funny, love the graphics, reminds me of the first one but it got a little hard and good songs. A little annoying but you get over it"
76561198095134100,Recommended,232090,15550097,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Darkness,"It's a awesome game with good graphics and it's simple a good game. My only complaint is how hard the bosses are XD lol. Like once you get to the drill guy, your pretty much dead XD. I've only gotten past that part with a few friends helping XD. However I probably suck so XD. The game is worth getting though."
,Recommended,232090,15776378,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Rindoshi66,"---THIS IS AN EARLY ACCESS REVIEW THAT MAY OR MAY NOT BE UPDATED IN THE FUTURE---This game is incomplete.It is unbalanced, doesn't have a lot of perks, and only a handful amount of weapons, maps and characters.So far, there's little to no replaying value. Some enemies are overpowered, as are some perks, as are some weapons.Some maps have these little broken bits in the middle, not breaking per se but crippling a little bit the game flow.That said...This game is incredibly amazing.If you know and love Killing Floor, you're going to absolutely love the sequel. Tripwire did what most major game companies can't do nowadays; they took everything we loved and made it bigger, badasser, and better. Everything, from the way the AI thinks and behaves while shuffling towards you and your teammates, up to the way they move and respond to damage (incredibly naturally), was improved. Zeds walk more naturally, flinch more naturally, roar more naturally. You can almost feel the kick of your guns as you fire and eventually learn to compensate it. Zeds are also way more intelligent, flanking you instead of rushing in on a straight line, avoiding damage from grenades and fire and trying to stay always out of your reach.With only 3 maps, 4 perks and a painfully limited arsenal of weapons (which is what I'm missing the most so far, the huge amount of options we had when hitting the trader on Killing Floor), KF2 is already beautiful. Even with all I've said in the beginning of this review, all I can think of is: ""Imagine how awesome is going to be when it's done."" And I should tell you... The picture I have in my mind has a label written ""Game of the Year"" all over it.The last thing I think it's important to say is: The game is NOT broken. At all. Yes, it's unbalanced and it has limited content, bugs and sometimes a few crashes (I have to say I haven't experienced any crashes myself though), but it IS a playable game. An incomplete, beautiful, playable game.Honestly, why are you even reading this part now anyways? After all I've said you should be already buying the game! Go! Now!"
76561198109769383,Recommended,232090,15489960,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,ray,Killing things is fun.
,Recommended,232090,15945226,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Jackie Kay,"its like cod zombies, with zombies"
,Recommended,232090,15945237,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Dingus,i sliced of a female zombies flaps off... 10/10
76561198016542822,Recommended,232090,15482062,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Squishy,"Need more Perks and more guns, otherwise this game has everything I wanted..."
,Recommended,232090,15487096,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,NotSilfur,I forgot I had a family for a few hours.Good game 11/10
76561197980400289,Recommended,232090,15635672,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,˙·٠•●♥ღ ŠửĢẵŘ ღ♥●•٠·˙™ |,=)
76561198058243239,Recommended,232090,15647357,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Insomnimaniac,"This is my first time actually writing a review for a game, so please bear with me.I want to start with a little backstory, going to the original Killing Floor. The original Killing Floor was much like this one, gameplay wise. Grab a gun, shoot some Zeds, earn money, buy a better gun, shoot Zeds better, rinse-and-repeat. But what was it about that rinse-and-repeat cycle that made it so... alluring? I can't pinpoint it exactly, but the basis of mindless and time-consuming slaughter was just so fun.Killing Floor 2 makes that aspect better.The graphical changes from the first Killing Floor to this one is astounding, and being able to actually see your weapons rip Zeds apart never gets old. The bullet-to-body interaction is displayed so flawlessly, you can see your bullets tear of limbs and sections of flesh from the Zeds, and it feels *good* and responsive.Killing Floor 2 may be in Early Access, but TWI stayed true to their promise and made sure to release a fully functioning version of the game; there are hardly any game-breaking bugs, and there isn't anything that has made the game unplayable thus far. Of course, as is to be expected with Early Access, not absolutely everything is implemented in the game, and as a result, there is a lack of content.To summarize my point, Killing Floor 2 is a really amazing game and it is 100% worth all the money to spend on it (granted that you're into the mindless, time-consuming slaughterfest that it is)."
76561198088157575,Recommended,232090,33040285,Posted: 30 June,all,grizzly bear,yeah its a good game
,Recommended,232090,33025584,Posted: 29 June,all,takeyo,scariest ever
,Recommended,232090,32895081,Posted: 27 June,all,Dark_Swordmaster,"After a back-and-forth Early Access beta of going from very good to bad and back, KF2 has finally launched as a fun product at long last. Correcting their balancing mistakes and ensuring that most classes are now fun to play, this is a co-op horde mode shooter with lasting appeal and, starting this month, regular content updates (hopefully). Tripwire has a good record of supporting their games long after launch and this one looks like it won't be any different. If you're looking for a gory good time shooting countless zombies with friends, this game is in a great state at the moment and looks like it'll only be going up from here."
76561198098231789,Recommended,232090,33027653,Posted: 30 June,all,Soul snatchin' Toe taggin',"So in killing floor these things called gorefasts have baraka arms and one just took a swing at me offscreen and right as it did I sniped it's arm off unintenitonally as I was shooting something way bigger behind it, and it just so happened to trigger slow mo on that kill so It's arm went flying as it fell and the thing I was actually shooting at had it's head popped off. 10/10"
,Recommended,232090,33022749,Posted: 29 June,all,bonkers81,just as good as the first one if you like a bit of mindless killing
,Recommended,232090,32918003,Posted: 28 June,all,2 nigga's kissing,I play this game for the one reason and one reason only I like seeing heads blow into little bits
,Recommended,232090,33046792,Posted: 30 June,all,JOSEFU JOESTAH,I didnt regret selling my kidney just to get this gameGET TO THE TRADERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
,Recommended,232090,30770917,Posted: 27 March,all,Ember,"The community is never splited by any DLCs or updates, good enough for me."
,Recommended,232090,15484115,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Riga (Ancer),TWO BLOODY GREAT HANDFULS.
76561198029506226,Recommended,232090,32838411,Posted: 26 June,all,Trutskill,"Enter the game on normal difficulty, notices that it means easy.Enter the game on hard difficulty, notices that things go smooth with focus.Enter the game on suicide difficulty, notices that things go down hill if the team dont focus.Enter the game on hell on earth difficulty, you can either go after enemies by treat level, or notice that you are dead.Berserker is a viking on drugs, runing all around with katanas, swords, shovel and♥♥♥♥♥♥Commando is a soldier on drugs, has many assault rifles and is seeing invisible♥♥♥♥♥♥Support is an armory on drugs, it will give to the team things like saw, bullets, RPGs, arrows and♥♥♥♥♥♥Field Medic is pure drugs, makes everyone runs like they are on fire (sometimes they really are).Demolitionist is on meth too, not everyday someone uses mini-nuclear RPGs to fight big spiders.Firebug is a pyromaniac on drugs, sets everything of fire, the enemys and himself too.Gunslinger had some drugs, because it fights plasma cannons, acid fluids, sound attacks, with pistols.Sharpshooter loves drugs, frequently he is siting in the middle of the craziest fights.Survivalist is on drugs, and not sure about himself anymore, he likes to do all the♥♥♥♥♥♥that the others do.Swat had it share of drugs of course, shooting from many SMGs, so fast, that he may as well use a minigun.So far had couple hundred hours of gameplay, havent seen everything, team composition changes a lot how the game flows but sure is fun when the music kicks in and you are on intense combat. 75/100. When use the music with lirics 85/100."
76561198325713461,Recommended,232090,33009940,Posted: 29 June,all,darktemplar2323,fantastic multiplayer game! updates often and alot of content to explore. it has a skin/hat drop system and a crafting system much like the one in team fortress 2. This game can be a laidback game for easy going players. or a fast paced mega difficulty challenge room for the ones who are experienced with first person shooter. do buy. enjoy :)
76561198117603266,Recommended,232090,33021447,Posted: 29 June,all,[GOGX]-Lucifer,Great game I love it.
76561198130689329,Recommended,232090,33016794,Posted: 29 June,all,SuperTJ202,10/10
,Recommended,232090,33065390,Posted: 30 June,all,TWISTEDxFUSI0N,Its lit
,Recommended,232090,15500837,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,kim jong il,Tripwire after announcing KF2 early accesshttps://youtu.be/ON-7v4qnHP811/10
,Recommended,232090,33073661,Posted: 1 July,all,Re:Birth,Good Game
,Recommended,232090,15575808,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,bubbers,Game is very well developed. I'm suprised it's still in BETA because I don't see many problems within the game besides the amount of guns available.
76561198184790809,Recommended,232090,33068712,Posted: 30 June,all,SHHHWIFTY,"Good game Good game, too bad we have few servers southeast asia tho :/"
,Recommended,232090,33099483,Posted: 1 July,all,One Dangerous Dragonfruit,"Grab a gun, stick some Vanessa Carlton on, and enjoy."
76561198068748783,Recommended,232090,33102645,Posted: 1 July,all,Literal Meme,Shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥for a while until you fight either the physical representation of the nazi party or John Cena in his foreseeable future.
76561198139749455,Recommended,232090,19056296,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,machine,i swear worth of buying and enjoying the play time
76561198127269182,Recommended,232090,19143395,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,NBC Code Red,"This game has its flaws there and here, truly an explicit game to have fun and kill some zeds!"
76561198120797334,Recommended,232090,19168642,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Sim,I bought this game when it first got released and i got very dissapointed in the beginning because not much seemed to be changed from the first Killing Floor game. After playing it alot with my boyfriend it kinda grew on me though. Great game.
76561198040987047,Recommended,232090,15889681,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,ToXiCiTy,"Yes, the game has microtransactions for cosmetic stuff. Does that make me write a negative review? No, because the gameplay is smooth as ♥♥♥♥ and fun as hell !"
,Recommended,232090,15642319,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Frederick the Great,"This is more of a recommendation of approach for this game since it's still in early access. If you are on the fence at all, hold off, because the way things are now can change quite radically as new perks are introduced and the various already in place systems, such as leveling are altered and likely reset. If you, however have put several hundred hours in the original kf or plan on getting this game anyway, I suggest getting the deluxe edition to get the free copy of kf and finding some people to play with for both this and the original, because in all honesty this game at this point in time is no more than a ""polished beta"" as stated by Tripwire themselves. And besides the game is only truly fun when you have a group to play with. I do believe in the Tripwire team however and enjoy this game so far, but it really is a classic example of early access uncertainty.Edit: Lazy so I'm gonna leave the above as is. As of the Incinerate N Detonate update I have formed some new opinions. I am going to recommend this game a little less until the full thing is out because as it stands the chances of winning a match above normal difficulty are small with a batch of random players or casual players. A lot of the more difficult enemies have a resistance to explosives in one way or another. Fleshpounds are the only exception, but they close the distance so fast it almost doesn't matter. Scrakes have a high resistance making using an explosive on them a waste usually. Sirens just make explosives inert so using them is even more difficult. Finally Volter himself is also resistant to explosives. This almost entirely invalidates using demolitions as an end game solution. Also maps are unique and interesting, but they are ALL what I consider close quarters with a lot of blind corners so with the addition of teleportation for zeds, they can continuously harass you around every corner."
,Recommended,232090,29367108,Posted: 19 January,all,twitch.tv/candymaneog,Developers were disappointed at the first time when they never delieverd contents they promised. But they did came through and added new stuff to make this an amazing game that are insanly fun. Not just hard core players but also casual gamers can have a lot of fun. If you like FPS/ZOMBIE genre this game is definetly worth investing.
,Recommended,232090,16307153,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Hutse,"This game is not done yet, but I already love it.Even though KF1 has a lot more to it at this point, I still think KF2 is much better.The in-game feeling is just more creepy. In KF1, when you saw a fleshpound you will be like ""Ohh shiny, let's nade it down""But in KF2 you hear the scream when it spawns, and that leaves you with 2 options, either you hunt it down, or run to a corner and cry."
,Not Recommended,232090,18337775,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,NeoRizer,"So it's like that game Killing Floor except it has a number 2 in it...Yeah really, it's just Killing Floor with a face lift...and the 6 levels you gained as a class in Killing Floor 1 are now spread out over 25 levels to keep you Kill Flooring longer.I reached level 10 with the Support and just kind of threw it to the side...It's really not worth anything over 10 bucks but good luck trying to get that kind of a discount... I think I managed 22 dollars and that kind of quelled my thirst for not being ripped off (but let's face it, I still got ripped off).Yeah, so that's about it... Killing Floor.... with a 2.Update: Is this game not finished yet? After like 6 months of inactivity and it's still in early access? I thnk I should change this rating to not recommended....there...done."
,Recommended,232090,22947333,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,RUSTIK,"Tripwire has been doing something right recently. Nothing huge has been done but many small quality changes have made this game very enjoyable. No, it is not perfect but every update it is getting closer to perfection. For instance, balancing has been a numbers game by tweaking damage and health. Now they are focusing more on AI behavior instead. This has made the boring, predictable Zeds act more alive and less like drones lining up to the slaughter. Yeah, I have rated this game up and down but things are truley on the upside (for now)."
,Recommended,232090,29462952,Posted: 24 January,all,YorkshireReaper,I've been wanting this game for a while. I couldn't wait any longer so I finally bit the bullet in the sale and got it. The gameplay is just how I remember KF.............mental! I put 625 hours into KF and i expect KF2 will be more.
,Recommended,232090,29657363,Posted: 2 February,all,(22),This is the best game I have the honor to play.999/10Would spend dosh in a katana as a Commando again.
,Recommended,232090,31165021,Posted: 15 April,all,eKo-SkyQC (old),"Best zombie game to me.Better then KF1 in terms of graphic, physics and all.Pros :- Easier to level up classes (then the beta and kf1 if I remember right)- 10 classes to choose from- Tons of fun with friendsCons :- Some minor issues that happens sometimes when joining a server- Being kicked from a server with no reason (Non-official ones)I would recommand this game to everyone that loves the zombie gender and love some challenge (Because there first 2 difficulties are already hard and they have 4)"
76561197966431773,Recommended,232090,29384435,Posted: 20 January,all,Dragao,"Good job from TW, one big gore fest, find a good team and KILL THEM ALL..."
,Recommended,232090,29385303,Posted: 20 January,all,RED,oh Killing Floor 2. You are the reason i wanted a PC. I wasnt disappointed. Got nothing funny to say ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
76561197979053546,Recommended,232090,29386829,Posted: 20 January,all,-TST- Wrath,This game is a little bit over the top in most areas but it is a lot of fun!Even though the game dosen't get updated as frequently as I would like.
,Recommended,232090,26490826,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Triple Double Crunch Wrap,"If you played killing floor 1, heres a list of pro's and cons compared to the original.Pros:+More class options+Sleeker weapons+Medic class has better options+Graphics obv.+They have a csgo case ssytem for skins which idk can be a pro or conCons:- They made firebug a useless class which super annoys me, everything has fire resist, it takes forever to clear even the low tier mobs.-Welding doors on your firends is no longer fun as doors have some dingus hidden hp, so no matter how much you weld it'll break anyways, but you don't know when because that hp is hidden, so you can't do hole up strats anymore.- Some of the graphics get really messed up when playing as firebug/ you can't see a goddamn thing if you are playing with a firebug because of the flames."
,Recommended,232090,29474860,Posted: 24 January,all,ALargePrime,"KF2 is a blast to play with friends, and in my opinion, is one of the best coop games on steam. The game is challenging without being frustrating. The guns all look and feel great, and the deadly monsters will keep you on the edge of your seat. The game's release was a roller coaster of emotions. Nonetheless, we ended up with a fantastic game."
76561198012686709,Recommended,232090,26213936,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,[̲̅$̲̅(̲̅5̲̅)̲̅$̲̅],"Good stuff. Waiting for the day they add some more serious weapons, especially for sharpshooter class."
76561198137586442,Recommended,232090,29500964,Posted: 26 January,all,AnAngryMunchkin,amazing game. 100% buy
76561198010551902,Recommended,232090,29491904,Posted: 25 January,all,Fistandantilus,Played KF 1 for a very long time. Was not at all disappointed by this one. With the latest updates it's only gotten better. Can't wait to see what's coming in the future.
76561197970530177,Recommended,232090,15487865,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,☠RawEvil☠,Quick and to the point: KF2 has the same feel as the 1st one but better in every way! Can't wait for the community to take this game to the next level as they did before. well worth the $30. Thanks to the ppl over at Tripwire for another solid fun'n gun game.
,Recommended,232090,15508119,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Spex,1000000000/1000000000 ign
,Recommended,232090,15482091,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Helvetica!,"This game is still early access, but first few games played and it's absolutely beautiful. If you enjoyed the first game, then you must buy this ^^. I was a little apprehensive when I saw that my graphics card was the minimum in the PC specs, but i've been running on High detail and haven't had any problems, and it looks fantastic!"
,Recommended,232090,15482094,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,moonchild,"absolutely beautiful, runs smooth like buttered stickssquad got to be on pointwell worth the wait!"
76561198083162259,Recommended,232090,15484962,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Docktor Cocktor,Im sorry did you say best coop shooter well this is what it is. One pf the best games i have played in years in the genre and I would play this for hours upon hours. The fps mechanics are inproved along with graphics and in game customization. I dont think we will get another game like this for at lest 7 or 8 years.  But we still  cant kill the floors 9.5/10
76561198044911147,Recommended,232090,15694836,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,㋛,Some dude asked if i wanted to test out his new nerve gas...Still cant feel my face or anything.10/10 would get gassed again.
,Recommended,232090,15512749,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Shazam,"Imagine the first Killing Floor, but better in every way."
76561197993759570,Recommended,232090,15565417,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Badcompany,ภาคต่อ ที่สวยงามขึ้น มอนเตอร์ทำดีขึ้น ระบบฟิสิก ดีขึ้น สมกับที่รอคอย ใครที่เคยเล่น ภาคแรกแล้วติดใจ ภาค2 ไม่ผิดหวังครับภาพสวยขึ้นมากจริงๆรอเลย น่าจะมีDLC อะไรเจ๋งๆ ออกมาอีก
76561198066776377,Recommended,232090,15729093,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Impeccable Lemon,Gore-ious
76561198034917376,Recommended,232090,15519655,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Put On Your Rape Face,Killing Floor 2Tripwire Interactive.Are you daft?
,Recommended,232090,15604155,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Sier,"If you liked KF, you'll love KF2. It has (almost) everything from the first game, and improved on it all.Tripware still need to balance the game a bit, but other than that, it's pretty much perfect.It's only really lacking in the over-the-top british accent and slang. And specimens don't really talk anymore either."
76561198019291411,Recommended,232090,15484643,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Jago Juice,Game is perfect except for the super broken boss. You will lose 9/10 with random people on any difficulty
,Recommended,232090,15618573,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Tink4Dead,The floor is kill.
,Recommended,232090,15499959,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Tee The GraveWalker,gore plus gore plus blood plus more blood plus slicing and gun spewing blargs = one epic gory game
76561198085912010,Recommended,232090,15844645,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Sassy the sasquatch,"An amazing game!.. unless someone angers the Scrake pre-maturely (on Hard+), then you're screwed > _ <"
,Recommended,232090,15491470,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,sрy,it's decent now
76561198029396312,Recommended,232090,15493427,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Major Tom Servo,"In this PC port of the hit Wii U game ""Splatoon,"" players work together to cover as much of the map in their paint as possible. The only difference between this and the console version is that all your paint is stored in enemies, rather than in your gun. Additionally, there's a greater focus on co-op PvE rather than PvP, in order to make the game more accessible to casual players.My only complaint is that you can only seem to play for the red team at the moment, but hey, it's still in Early Access."
,Recommended,232090,15499887,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,CaiNX10A,I like dosh!
,Recommended,232090,15487644,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Diablo,"Game came out just 15 hours ago and I have 11 hours of constant play on it since.(The rest was dl time, my nets bad)"
,Recommended,232090,15488499,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,pure_cure,"It's probably the best gaming sequel I've ever played.It's not Killing Floor 1 and it doesn't feel like it at all. It's like a completely different animal, but just as good. So much fun, so challenging and gives off a completely different thrill.It looks amazing, it's fun and you can play it for ages. Great game11/10"
76561198010442430,Recommended,232090,15490374,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,∂яιтιx ✞ 吸血鬼,10/10 best game on steam -IGN
,Recommended,232090,15500178,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,JakeArtistIV,"For an Early Access title this is PRETTY DAMN AWESOME!!!The only thing this lacks right now obviously is the content, 3 maps, 4 perks. one bossBut that will soon change. and I can't wait to play the complete version.On a side note this will keep me hooked until Batman v Superman :D DO YOU BLEED?"
,Recommended,232090,15920919,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,cuck fops,OH GOD THAT SOUNDTRACK IS BACKAND ITS BETTER THAN EVER
18237549817326589,Recommended,232090,15923591,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Breeze,"Get this game. I don't care who you are. Just get it. Please.In more detail, this game has amazing graphics, the mechanics are good and I haven't seen any disasterous bugs and such, so you wont have to wait if you encounter any bugs."
76561198016741594,Recommended,232090,15912226,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Dusk Holloway,"It's a good game but, WHY WOULD YOU GET RID OF THE BUTTON TO SWICH TO YOU LAST WEAPON? i have nearly died 5 time JUST BECAUSE OF THIS, this was not a smart move, i like the M.E.A.T. system, guns are fun to use, also Why can you not unbind keys ethier? all in all Gameplay = fine, Key commands = BAD, FIX EM. 6.3/10"
,Recommended,232090,15870033,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,iPawed,More blood than any zombie game I've ever played.Period.
,Recommended,232090,15976289,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,The Great Spray And Pray,Great sequel to one of the most fun round based survival out there. Great graphics. Funny characters. and amazing weaponry. already spent a lot of my time on this. Seems to be a lot of content coming soon. Looking forward to seeing how this game develops over the next few months.
,Recommended,232090,15993363,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,versaledge,"Fun. Scrakes need to be nerfed. Hans is a tough nut but everything else is peachy.Edit : Can't say I like the way tripwire is planning to develop the game, but at least the ""trading floor"" items are purely cosmetic as of now."
76561198049874716,Recommended,232090,15767133,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,FelineSausage,Popped a head off with a flying metal frisbee 10/10
,Recommended,232090,15878405,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Azzazzin,"You liked KF1? You like gore? Your money will be well spendt on this game, even in Early Access."
,Recommended,232090,15756319,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Quett,"-Exciting, satisfying gunplay-Good enemy variety-Great use of slow-motion-Good co-op play with friends.  Would recomment 2, maybe 3 players, not full party.-Currently a bit bare-bones, but still worthy buying"
76561198069612205,Recommended,232090,15865744,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Seedy Salamander,Good game for killing stuff on the floor
,Recommended,232090,15856761,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,BlackMilk,"IMPORTANT NOTE:While I wholeheartedly recommend this amazingly fun game, a lot of people have issues with some of the decisions made by the developers. Please read the thread linked to at the bottom of this review to learn more. My recommendation of their game has nothing to do with how I or other people feel about these things, as they are (mostly) unrelated to the game itself.==========================Like it's predecessor, Killing Floor 2 delivers endless hours of repetitive but highly enjoyable clone slaying action. Jump into the future world of questionable ethics as the zeds spread and cause trouble all over the place. Shoot, slash and burn them all down and prove that you're not locked in with them, they are locked in with you.Killing Floor 2 continues down the path of the first game and expands on the concept of it.Tripwire Interactive has big plans for this sequel and is working on adding more content as we speak. Meaning more perks and weapons. Changes to the zeds and the perk levelling system and the arrival of (re)new(ed) game modes.--------------------------More information...GameplayAn endless amount of clones (zeds) roam free and it's up to you to stop them. Victory comes only after you've beaten down a number of waves of zeds and the boss that comes into play after doing so. Teamwork and co-ordination are the most effective tools you've got, but that's not all.Choose a perk and buy weapons matching it for maximum combat effectiveness against the fuglies.ExperienceKF2 looks brilliant. Not only can you choose from a number of different characters to play (they only differ in appearance and voice and have no effect on gameplay, don't worry), you can customise their appearance by outfitting them with various items readily available or acquired through random in-game drops, the steam marketplace or the so-called trading floor. And that's just when you're still in the menu's! All of the zeds from the previous game have returned and received make-overs themselves. They move in a (for them) more natural manner with more diverse animations and overall look more menacing as well. Even the old clot is bigger and angrier! But the best part undoubtedly is being able to run through a bunch of different maps, slaying hordes of zeds and literally covering the walls, ceilings and ofcourse floors with their blood - all the while listening to songs from a couple metal bands which are supposed to keep the bloodthirst going. Dismembering the zeds and cutting them down is incredibly satisfying, no matter your perk or difficulty level. And that ultimately is what will drive most players to keep going. If heavy metal clone slaying doesn't appeal to you, don't put your money into this game!DetailsThe developers are still working on completing the game, but it has been playable from the start. Although some content is still lacking, balancing is a work-in-progress and things have to be tweaked, the game was and forttunately is not plagued by bugs. It's already a very polished product, even though the machinery is still being worked on.All of the perks from KF are returning, with currently only the sharpshooter still missing as well as another two new perks. One new perk called the gunslinger has already been added. Perk levelling has been made easier as every perk can be made more powerful simply by doing damage with perk specific weapons, INCLUDING your starter knife and pistol and even bash attacks. Perks still receive passive bonuses that become better with each level but additional bonuses are available in the form of perk skills. You get to pick one out of two for every 5 perk levels and they can also be switched in between waves so you can adapt to the situation.New content is slowly being added, with a new boss antagonising players since day one and the Patriarch having returned recently as well. There are a couple of standard maps but also plenty custom ones available on the workshop.Pro's:-Very satisfying co-op (and now also PvP) shooter.-With more perks, enemies and game modes, this is going to be bigger than KF.-Feels like a finished game even though it is not.-Micro-transaction system is horrible but offers only cosmetic DLC that doesn't affect the game.Cons:-Been in early access for longer than anticipated.-No map whitelist leads to public games filling with high level but inexperienced players.-Developers claim to be wanting community feedback but seem somewhat hardheaded on a couple (argueable) issues.------------------------Visit our steam review group page:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/thedairyreviewReviews of games with titles starting with K, and reviews/translations of thisgame (review) by other group members in this thread:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/thedairyreview/discussions/0/364043054114486183/Summary of common negative feedback items about developer:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/thedairyreview/discussions/1/364043054114466929/"
76561198059804878,Recommended,232090,15862087,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Cody38,10/10 best nail-gun rebounding sound I've ever heard
76561198069029921,Recommended,232090,15504909,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,A greasy pair of trousers,I'm sorry I let you down teamfor the 03174917394812984891fsfgsuhfgu234792873498iushfuiwhf826782657823785th time
76561198062442707,Recommended,232090,15530915,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Teneran,"I find it to be as good if not better than the first one as it is now, though it will be better after official release. The only issue i find is that you end with a lot of excess money by the end with nothing to spend it on, only throw it around."
,Recommended,232090,15486854,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,no snack car,it put the enemys to far
76561198045058429,Recommended,232090,15488744,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,cool Man,"I came I saw, well no. I saw the game then I came. 10/10 would came again"
,Recommended,232090,15509409,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,triptan,I LOVE IT
,Recommended,232090,15482961,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,w0lffee,Great game. Updated graphics and still has the same feel in gameplay. Just like the old but with a facelift!
76561197974382374,Recommended,232090,15486753,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,TheDeathDealer1029,"Killing Floor takes the simple idea of killing wave after wave of monsters adds in some fun classes to give you a specific role to fills the rest up with gore. Killing Floor 2 expands on this idea. While Killing Floor 2 does not have as much content as the first one (yet) , it still has a decent amount of content and is 100% playable in its early access state. You get 3 maps and 4 classes which will be expanded upon up to and after the full release if the developer supports it the way they supported the first one."
,Recommended,232090,15488064,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,PinkPyro™,"I highly recommend getting this game, its BADASS!"
76561198043888409,Recommended,232090,15488406,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,MaterialHoffman,This game is so♥♥♥♥♥bad Its so much better then the first game.
,Recommended,232090,15545102,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,A Concerned Citizen,I really don't like floors.
,Recommended,232090,15548712,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Cats Of The Sea,Dis game got dem dank gfx and fosho totes gots to ply homles
,Recommended,232090,15607411,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Hubs,When can I be a chicken again?
76561198130838875,Recommended,232090,15628273,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,^1Frank R. Savage,good x2
76561198025367413,Recommended,232090,15637450,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,TheIrishPotato,"3 Jan 2017 Update: What was great is now even better! The new classes beyond the originals feel great and offer some diversified gameplay. The weapon variety feels a little low, with four to choose from for most classes, but to be fair, you aren't going to be carrying a whole armory with you. The health bar on the bosses is a big plus now and the class perk system is revamped in a way that make levelling up a better journey.If you played the first one as much as I have, then you will love this one. They kept all the good parts and made them better. You now:-Have a better more informative HUD-Can sprint-Have homing healing darts-Can parry attacks with melee weapons-Level up more often and feel less of the grind-Can modify your class with perks-Can set up a party-Can modify your character-Start with more equipment than a M9 and a knife-Have a knife that is unique to the classes (but still fairly useless)-Can use night vision-And still destroy zeds with gory and happy abandon!All that said, it is early access and has bugs. This being Tripwire though, have patience and they'll iron it all out soon enough. All in all, if you liked the first one, you'll love this!"
76561198020097187,Recommended,232090,15553307,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Young Metro,Heavy metal and wasting zeds.Nothin beats its
,Recommended,232090,15573200,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Ghoul,More floors to Kill11/10 would recommend
,Recommended,232090,17940915,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,|NSA|Jean Claude VAC Ban,"Played few hours in free weekend.Prons :- great sountrack (hard rock)- killing, killing and much more killing- fine difficulty, game isn't that easy, requies cooperation- haven't found any game breaking bugs so far (game still in early access)- good graphics-explosions- blood, a lot of blood, everywere (requies high graphic settings)Cons :- low amount of weapons- future looking ""shops"" (where are normal vendors)- not much character outlook configuration- couldn't find a game to join by auto searching, had to enter in server browser- could had more variety of monsters- no unlockables- the only reward for completing a level is achievement and a little exp, not satysfying at all"
,Recommended,232090,15637274,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Poise,"Dont Really know how to describe this game, it feels fresh yet trusted and home.I recommend this to Veterans and new players alike,Just great out graphics, gameplay, atmosphere.Its basically a step up from KF1 in every way.The AI Is Better, The prices are better, the shop is better, dosh is better, foster is better...Soyea, whaddaya waitin for chaps? Get it today!"
76561198066829807,Recommended,232090,17975539,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Old Glory,RPG-7/10 still needs more DAKKA.
,Recommended,232090,32599501,Posted: 20 June,all,CthulhuChan,"The reviews saying this game is mindless fun do not lie, Killing Floor 2 has a massive amount of fun to back itself up... granted you enjoy horde based gameplay.Taking massive leaps and strides from the original game, Killing Floor 2 takes what that game did and refines it while still managing to avoid dumbing anything down from said original game. The gunplay is more visceral, combat happens at the speed of light, and enemy waves are a joy to explode with well placed grenades.Performance-wise, this game runs very well, I have expierienced no lagtime online or offline while playing it, however I will complain that the mouse sensetivity needed to be tweaked almost right out of the gate due to it being inredibly sluggish, as in I could move my mouse from one end of the mouse pad to another and maybe move my gun an inch or two on screen.Now if there is one thing I can gush about with this game above all else, it's the music.Heavy metal and Death metal tracks BLARE as rip your way through wave after wave of zeds, with such artists as Demon Hunter joining the roster of bands that lended their talent to this game's soundtrack. The music completely 180's the entire tone of the game from possibly creepy or terrifying, to straight up brutal violent fun.Killing Floor 2 gets a 9/10"
76561197989273094,Recommended,232090,30990609,Posted: 6 April,all,War,"A decent, zombie (Zed) themed, arena killer. Decent diversity in class types (perks) and a respectable array of weapons/gear. Graphics are decent and FPS rates remain viable even on lower end machines. The community is not, in my experience caustic and thus online Co-op matches are enjoyable (I have not tried the VS mode as this seems to be a dead game type by and large).There is an inherent ""bug"" with the maximum number of servers which can be grabbed when using the built in server browser (the default in the ini file is 1000). This can cause instability in many systems with many different routers--with behavior much akin to a DOS effect -- the net connection can become overloaded. Setting this to something conservative like 40 alleviates the problem and with search filters in place offers up more than enough servers.Although I do not have any perks maxed out as yet, there is questionable replayability once one's characters are level 25 (the max allowed in the game). Currently Killing Floor 2 does not feel overly grindy, despite the repetitive groundhog's day metric of the various waves on different maps.Overall this is an entertaining title for laid back play--when one is in the mood for mindless carnage."
76561198005101628,Recommended,232090,32409450,Posted: 14 June,all,Biohazard_DragonFist,"For those who love survival horror blood and gore, your really gonna love Killing Floor 2. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,232090,32555961,Posted: 18 June,all,Rick Sanchez,"What a bad♥♥♥♥♥♥game.. I'd seen it on Steam for a while, but for some reason, just didn't really think anything of it... Then there was a free 3 day weekend. I decided to try it out, and within about 2 to 3 hours, I bought the deluxe version of the game.I didn't really read anything going into it. Which is probably what made it such a shock to me how good it was.. If I was told ""It's basically a team horror survival game with waves of monsters coming at you..."" I probably would have looked elsewhere. However, the number of different perks (classes) that you can pick and ways you can build them keeps it continuously interesting.I've been having a blast as a zerker wielding a katana around slicing and dicing the hell out of 'zeds' (monsters) and after, currently, 16 hours of play, I've got my zerker almost to lvl 20 which will make my play style 100x more fun.Do keep in mind, if you play this game, you should look up the different perks, and see how they're different. I went in as a zerker and buying flamethrowers my first couple games and couldn't understand why people were suggesting that I don't do that. It wasn't until I did some researching that I found Flamethrowers may work, but if they're used by a class other than Firebug, then you're not gaining exp, and you're just stalling your own progression.This is one hell of a game that I wish I started playing sooner. I've met some really cool people on this game that are always up for a round or two so far. :D"
,Recommended,232090,15849449,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Moldy Sallad,If you want a simulator about trying to cover the map in blood and guts then this is for you
76561198010745216,Recommended,232090,32584669,Posted: 19 June,all,Jestyr,"I don't know what this floor is made out of, but it's not dying.There's also some zombies and other weirdos to shoot at."
,Recommended,232090,32872182,Posted: 27 June,all,Shinobi-kun,The 'fun' kind of mindless butchering.Here for the English accent?Stay for it.
76561198064745877,Recommended,232090,32922596,Posted: 28 June,all,chan_paladin,"I love this game......Gore, some horror element and goddamn good weapons. Co-op & wave based genre game is fun playing with friends or others.YES, KILLING FLOOR 2 was this genre game.Hope u enjoy this game. (Sorry for my poor english....I'm first time post game review)"
,Recommended,232090,15964096,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,OldM8C4,"Amazing. If you're a fan of the first, you'll love this one. Some different zed mechanics to learn, new maps and weapons are also great. Still early access, can't wait for the rest of the classes, maps and weapons to be released. 10/10."
,Recommended,232090,32929858,Posted: 28 June,all,~FALASTEENI' x; /M/,Best Game Ever <3
76561198113810410,Recommended,232090,32950023,Posted: 28 June,all,Daddy_Meme_Master,10/10 Would fight a fleshpound with a lawnmower blade again.
,Recommended,232090,32920628,Posted: 28 June,all,Oblivion,Good Buy
76561197960671791,Recommended,232090,32864953,Posted: 27 June,all,// Interceptor // 桜 csgo500,"Dosh! Grab it while you can, lads!"
76561198002019002,Not Recommended,232090,15601137,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Heidis Grandpa,"Update (04/16) :(I leave the original reviews at the end of this, because that WAS my opinion.)Update (09/16) :I can't recommend this game anymore.With every big update the devs made the game two steps harder, then went a step back.They nerfed the income of money, what makes it harder to get equipment you NEED.They made the ZEDs stronger and the perks weaker.After the SWAT update they added the special infected from vs mode and again made the game MUCH harder.The game is now even in Hard Mode nearly unbeatable for average players.I really LOVED this game, but now all the big fun of this CoOp shooter is gone, plus the player community gets worse and worse. Kicks right after you joined - even before the 2nd wave really starts.So if you are not a hardcore gamer, forget this one - it's a waste of money and after Normal mode ends up in big frustration and anger.------------------------ (Review 04/16)-----------------------1. Don't listen to all the whining people.The bad reviews of them are simply dumb.Micropayment : It's only cosmetic for gear parts to make your perk look different.There is NO essential influence on gameplay !2. The just released versus mode needs balancing, but that's the same in every game !Besides this it's GREAT fun to play as a ZED.3. Germans : Let's hope it stays in Early Access forever, because we will get a gore reduced version when it leaves Early Access. :/-------------------( initial review )-----------------------Killer !With the full perks and a bunch of maps this game will be an absolute killer.Even now, in early access, it is simply great fun.I loved the first part that much, I played for hours and hours and couldn't stop.Part 2 is the next step, the harder drug for getting a killing floor junkie.You should check it out.If you liked KF1, KF2 is a MUST HAVE !!!"
,Recommended,232090,32896061,Posted: 27 June,all,T3chN1nja,"This game is a great groub zombie killing game especially with friends. Theres plenty of maps, classes, weapons, abilities, and modes to choose from. The best thing is the new update bringing over special events from the first game highly recommend this alone or with friends."
76561198257270551,Recommended,232090,32966972,Posted: 28 June,all,Zyurg,GORE GORE GORE!!!!!!
,Recommended,232090,32718127,Posted: 24 June,all,DeadLonelyBlackWolf,"Kill Zeds,Rankup and fight to secure europe :)"
,Recommended,232090,15481842,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,KitFistoMe,Once again the devs promised me the killing of floors but I never got the chance to kill any floors.
,Recommended,232090,15488777,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Swaghetti Yolonase,"First off, this game is great. It's graphically more solid than the first game and the expanded gore system is fantastic. The character models look great and the visuals are on par with most recent AAA titles despite running on Direct x 10 and being optimised by tripwire for lower spec machines (Very thoughtful btw).The gameplay is solid and the weapon animations that were captured at 200fps for the game (No really, 200fps. look it up), look incredible. Besting battlefield and call of duty in this manner.  The price is also great and the devs stated it will remain this price throughout early access and after full release. £20 is great for a game of this quality, passion and polish.9/10, reccomended to old and new fans.The negative reviews are mostly dribble. For example, people complaining that thier machine can't run the game or it crashes due to an issue with thier machine or outdated drivers and demanding the devs fix it...If the problem is your PC being a toaster or your drivers, it is YOUR responsibilty to fix, don't slam the devs. If it is a current incompatability then yes, it is the devs responsibility to patch. But yknow, EARLY ACCESS.Check your specs, validate your install, update your drivers, reboot your machine and try again. if not, leave the devs some constructive feedback. Don't yell like a 6 year old who spilt his cheerios.The server issues are warranted, but it's very early days yet. They probably didn't expect it to be so popular right out of the gate. It's frustrating that i can't join a server and they all fill up immidiately, but tripwire are looking into that and are trying to put up more dedicated servers. Which cost money. Money they probably didnt have until day one when they actually got money from people buying the game, so be patient. They have also given a link to an SDK to use to host your own servers, so go look in the KF2 news page.99% of people don't understand what early access means, despite it being slapped bang in the middle of the store page..Its EARLY ACCESS People. Bugs are to be expected, crashes are to be expected. It is advertised as such and you agree to this by purchasing.Still better than a 5+ year developed, AAA, full priced $60 EA or Ubisoft game and it's not even finished yet."
,Recommended,232090,15492634,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Exploding kittens,"Really fun game! Its really pretty, lots of blood, gore and eyeballs. Can't wait until there are more maps to play on."
,Recommended,232090,15661860,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,ExplodingMonk,"I'm loving this game so far, but I really wish that when a server has other content that must be downloaded, I could cancel it some how, rather than closing the game out."
76561198080499986,Recommended,232090,15704400,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Lyrrad,"Spoiler alert - You don't kill floors, floors kill you."
,Recommended,232090,15515616,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Setä Striker,"They did amazing work with this one, i was amazed how much is improved on everything. The new engine really brings out the slaughtering and the fact that they actually jump at you, making it more terrifying to go solo. and the soundtrack, well done. So far Collapsing my favorite. Only thing that little bothered was ammo capacity, but not that much to ruin the gaming experience. This game deserves applaudes and thumbs up and whatever can be given to show that they did well. Can't wait till' it's finished, looking forward for new guns and characters. If new to the series, maybe wait till' it's finished or buy the first one to get into the series experience, and if fan of the first one, then i guess you already bought it. I say it's worth it."
76561198010630785,Recommended,232090,15517839,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Cupid,This will most likley be my game of the year for 2015
76561198025513623,Recommended,232090,15479231,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Artorius,"Found my inner Zed while playing.Toss your dosh at this game. It is the definitive co-op zombie shooter extravaganza. Runs great, looks great, it's just gr8 m8.Now go online and toss some dosh lads."
,Recommended,232090,15496008,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Jayisdead,"Chances are you've played the original Killing Floor (who hasn't) so if you're like me and were wanting a ""refresh"" based around the same style gameplay mechanics then you're in luck. Obviously at the moment the game is in EA (something I've been bitten by numerous times since Valve thought it was a good idea) and I'd vouched never to touch such a title again, but for this I've made the exception. Tripwire interactive are a great studio, they listen to the fans and always provide a great product (see KF/Red Orchestra/Rising Storm) so I'm more than confident that they will do as promised and take this title to the level it deserves.At the time of writing my playtime shows just over an hour, which in reality it's more than 10 (not sure what's going on there) I've had the chance to play with a decent group of people (KF vets) which made it nice to step back into things and also played solo. I must say that on my limited time the game is a much improved version of what we know and love. Played on maximum settings (1920x1080 due to not having a higher resolution monitor) the game looks fantastic as a product of Unreal Engine, the sounds are as you would expect gritty with a dark tone to them, there's a satisfying kick to all the current weapons both melee and firearms.One thing I would like to mention to potential buyers of the game (especially those that haven't played the original) is that the game isn't Call of Duty (not saying COD is a bad product, I quite enjoy the series. but's lets be honest it's aimed to be accessible), it punishes the player for mistakes especially at the higher difficulties reload at the wrong time DEAD, use the wrong tactic against boss DEAD. A lot of people seem to be complaining about the boss and some of the Zeds even going as far as to ask for them to be patched to a lower difficulty, so be prepared for a bit of a learning curve, keep at it though.You'll also find that KF has a great community (more based on the original at this point) players are often happy to assist newcomers and are generally a decent bunch. Stick with the game, be prepared to die a few times and you'll come out the other side with one of the best multiplayer games that PC has to offer.TLDR: Would I recommend this product? YES and honestly that goes for anything Tripwire put out in the future."
76561198025874644,Recommended,232090,15496445,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,asuh dud,you can buy outfits for real money. PAY TO WIN CONFIRMED
,Recommended,232090,15693829,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,BluberriMuffins,Already prepare my dosh to throw in for all DLC
,Not Recommended,232090,15645841,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Nuke,"well at first i loved the changes made, not it's become another half done mash of stuff that none of the fans wanted. tripwire took something great and murdered it to get as much cash as possible out of it while not focusing on what made the first killing floor great."
,Recommended,232090,15499173,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Er|`koenig,"If you love blood, gore, and guns. Then here it is."
,Recommended,232090,16113993,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Brattles,"Brutal, Intense, ♥♥♥♥ing epic!"
,Recommended,232090,16110818,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Rifter,"Killing Floor 2 is that game you always see being played in the background during movies and primetime TV. You know, the one that's absurdly violent and doesn't seem to have any point beyond killing♥♥♥♥♥♥and getting paid. You've always wanted to play that game, haven't you?Play that game, my friend. Play that game."
,Recommended,232090,15702877,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Chad-Bob,"this game is quite good when you clench your butt cheeks, 8 of 10!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,232090,32524843,Posted: 17 June,all,Kyoushiro,"This is one of my favorite games and I'd recommend it for anyone who loves first person shooters that include zombies. It may be kind of repetitive after a while, but you can choose through many perks that change the game in certain ways. It's pretty much an endless bloodbath, and the graphics are good too."
,Recommended,232090,15549495,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Atheon,"11/10 ""it was O.K."""
76561198077294252,Recommended,232090,26677122,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,The Mayonnaise Meister,"I had my chance for a pre release review kek, lost it cause i was too lazy to make itso to keep this shortI Love it."
76561198018818592,Recommended,232090,32553107,Posted: 18 June,all,MrDrProfessor4,"Far more streamlined than the first game for better or worse. You sprint instead of pull out a knife, perks are now experience-based, and it's far easier to jump into a match. Production values are higher across the board.Accessibility seems to be what the developers had in mind, and while some depth was lost for its sake, I still find this game to be incredibly fun and hard to put down."
,Recommended,232090,31994172,Posted: 27 May,all,Masabyy,"''If you want any part dismembered, do it yourself''-Patriarch+low specs+lots of gore+deathmetal+perks+VS survival"
,Recommended,232090,32787701,Posted: 25 June,all,VELIZ,"10/10De la ptm, es un juegazo."
,Recommended,232090,22304159,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,"David Conagher, P.H.D","Armies of Uncead/Clones/Creepy-as-♥♥♥♥ (at times) Baddies? Check.Well designed baddies? Check.A cast of funny, possibly deranged humans? Check.Weapons, Weapons, Weapons? Check.Interesting Map design? Check.Fairly difficult, and modes beyond (for those who love Hell on Earth)? Check.Dead baddies explode into gore and gore with gore seasoning on a gore platter in a resturant made of gore that serves gore and gore galore? So, gore? Definitely Check (and also Gore).A reason to play the game other than shoot things to make gore? If you value money, and collection achieves, somewhat check, but these are best achieved by shooting things to make gore.Good metal? Check.Deathpunk? Check.Ending the Apocalypse? Monday."
,Recommended,232090,32710919,Posted: 23 June,all,Happy Emmie,"Extremely fun for multiplayers! Grab a few friends, some adult beverages, and party! If you want to play, let me know! ♥"
,Recommended,232090,15482257,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,「Solidsteak!」,Like killing floor 1 but vastly improved.Better graphics and gameplay.
76561198060900779,Recommended,232090,32704530,Posted: 23 June,all,#1 Lady Smashing Captain,I shot things and it was good
,Recommended,232090,32862684,Posted: 27 June,all,KLaZoMaNiaC,Really good game that built off it's predecessor. I love the ability to choose talents and being able to switch them during a game.
,Recommended,232090,32909630,Posted: 27 June,all,Dope,"good for singleplayer ,♥♥♥♥♥♥for multiplayerpros-great gameplay-many weapon choices-intense and jumpscare ( only happen in singleplayer )-great graphicscons-♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ MATCHMAKING SYSTEM-STARTER TO SEARCH FOR 15 MIN STILL NO GAME , GO ♥♥♥♥URSELFi would recommend for singleplayer but not multiplayer 6/10"
,Recommended,232090,32762431,Posted: 25 June,all,Owens Whitcroft,"Honestly, this is one of the very few games that doesn't feel repetive, no matter how many times you play it. Intense, yet relaxing."
,Recommended,232090,18272046,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Nny7229,"""It has killing, which I love, and floors, which I am not opposed to."""
76561198138458012,Recommended,232090,15528644,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Kira_Yamato,"Nice game, this is a definition of game, just pure game."
,Recommended,232090,18185948,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Faithfulliar,I killed stuff. it was fun. 9.911/10
76561198010071382,Recommended,232090,33578924,Posted: 16 July,all,Komrad Penguino,"Guns, explosions, many more bullets, death, gore. Basically sums this up. Oh and, lotsa classes"
,Recommended,232090,32935266,Posted: 28 June,all,Internity - ShexyB,Very liked the new one Great game
,Recommended,232090,33633127,Posted: 18 July,all,candyman,heres a question in match making  in the game progress when clicking it it says allow in  progress games  not started and CREATE NEW GAME well why is it  when i click  create new game it dose NOT  allow me to make my OWN lobby that PEOPLE can join?
,Recommended,232090,33578467,Posted: 15 July,all,Đ Ɇ Ⱡ ₮ ₳,BEST ZOMBIE KILLING PEPLO GAMES
,Recommended,232090,33496049,Posted: 12 July,all,Ybeast,10/10Lods of emonehhh!
76561197986729643,Recommended,232090,33008999,Posted: 29 June,all,[DLP] JohnDoe022,"This game is a fitting sequel to the first one. Blood, Guts, Crazy looking zombies! What not to love! With being able to upgrade your weapons and gear, resupply every round its pretty much CODs equal Zombie killing wise."
,Recommended,232090,33494111,Posted: 12 July,all,The Lone Knight,"Amazingily fun and addictive game. Better with friends, like most games, but addicting even alone with randoms. Great graphics, performance, and all around gameplay design. Must own in my opinion."
,Recommended,232090,15642850,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Akselmo,all the god damn gore holy cow
76561198106252797,Recommended,232090,32875711,Posted: 27 June,all,thedarkness1980,"Zombie mayhem at its best. Fast paced and hard on the higher difficulty's . i bought the 6 pack to play with close friends, everyone chipped in and payed me back ofcourse . And its a lot cheaper that way and worth every panny. Really, fun with friends. Recommended to play with friends or close group of gamers you know. Only downside is that there are only 2 bosses  and not many modes of gameplay. Only survive untill the last wave and then kill the boss.Final opinion is , buy only if you have a bunch of friends or online group to play with. Or if your into online co-op games."
,Recommended,232090,33437060,Posted: 10 July,all,XOdiAC_XSYCHO,"5X times the fun of L4D2...its like Cod's zombie mode without the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ base game !!so many classes and guns to choose from... and those bullet time.... DAAAANK !!visually i must say.. its the best looking zombie FPS i've ever played !! (and trust me, i've played a lot of games)there's even good progression and skills for all the classes to unlock and RPG-tree like unlockable abilities and stuff !!a must buy !! spcly on sale !! <3 <3 <310/10 ZEDS !!"
,Recommended,232090,15486655,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,3xPaladin,[Sept 2016 Update] Back on track now with some great features !
,Recommended,232090,17931012,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Jal,Zeds and good Heavy Metal.What do you want?
,Recommended,232090,33435717,Posted: 10 July,all,Moderately-Sized Wayne,my spoon....is too big
,Recommended,232090,33367837,Posted: 8 July,all,DynaMike,Amazing co-op game with some of the best gunplay I've ever experienced.
76561198066550837,Recommended,232090,32055087,Posted: 29 May,all,There is no me,"It improves on the gameplay, mechanics, and graphics of the first game. It'll take some time for the game to be as expanded as the first game.  As a wave based survival shooter, it's highly repetitive, which is a pro or con depending on the player. That being said, there are ten ""Perks"" which means there are essentially ten different playstyles. The multiplayer is a bit of a mixed bag. Sometimes, I can't find a friends only / passworded server; either that means there aren't enough servers or there are too many players. I'd consider this game to have a fairly high skill ceiling. Overall, the game is good."
,Recommended,232090,15807482,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Neopolitan 🍦,It's ok-ish.
76561198243694980,Recommended,232090,33333888,Posted: 6 July,all,Daryl_Deep,IF YOU LIKE ZOMBIE GAMES YOU SHOULD TRY KILLING FLOOR
,Recommended,232090,33145159,Posted: 2 July,all,Hoxto,+Very good optimisation (could play ultra settings with a 970)+Fun gameplay+Good looking-Skins
,Recommended,232090,32709209,Posted: 23 June,all,Yung Venuz,"Just saw a british man cursing at a Monkey chainsaw creature while it was butt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a someone with a clown make-up while money was raining.Just buy it, its worth every ♥♥♥♥ing cent. You won`t regret it."
,Recommended,232090,15514235,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,excd,"Time to update my Killing Floor 2 review once again, my first was written when the game first went into early access, and my second was about a year ago. Once again, the game has changed and evolved quite a bit since and it's worth writing a new review.This game is awesome.Killing Floor 2 had a fairly rocky early access period, but as I had hoped it did eventually blossom into an incredibly enjoyable game and an improvement over the first Killing Floor in almost every aspect (which is also a great game btw). I could go into pages of descriptive detail about what makes this game so great, and I might do that in the future, but for the sake of brevity and laziness I'm gonna just give a quick list of the things I love about this game.Killing Floor 2 is the best horde shooter I've ever played, the graphics are great, the game runs great, the guns and weapons feel amazing and are interesting (the melee combat is spectacular), the game is challenging and promotes tactics, skill, and teamplay, the enemies are interesting,it has lots of gore (and I mean LOTS), the levels are well designed, the soundtrack is phenomenal, it has the same humor and charm from the first one, the devs communicate with the community, the game gets regular free large content updates... I mean what more could you possibly want?Tripwire have shown time and time again that they understand good game design on many levels, and Killing Floor 2 might just be their best example of that. Buy this game, you will not regret it."
76561198159511526,Recommended,232090,19690286,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Sir Boring,"Fun, gory, multiplayer action. Variety of different weapon to use, but the majority of it is just aim and shoot.You can try melee, but that's definitely the most difficult to play.Music is great and heavy (especially since Demon Hunter is my favorite band), gameplay is solid, and difficulty can vary.Fun for awhile, but of course can get repetitive/dull without friends."
76561198042714887,Recommended,232090,15856665,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,UristMcDerp,"Its a very good game, what you want from a killing floor game and more, however at the current moment, map choices are limited and perks are few in number, if this is the finished product it would be a bad sequel however there is massive content updates promised which has got me going like a little girl, this is what will make this game worth it, mass amounts of perks, weapons etc,atm its fun but lacking in content, the future updates will be what will make this game, if you are unsure, maybe hold off for now until they patch in enough content for you to go ahead and put money down for this game never the less though tripwire is doing a model example of early access, releasing updates, listening to people etc, so i have no doubt (at least at the moment) they will do a good job on this"
76561198015099264,Recommended,232090,15717072,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Poppadom,"Good game, get it."
,Recommended,232090,16076791,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,♫ Frost-Byte ♫,"Even in Early Access this game is already a masterpiece. To imagine that such a game came from the old classic Killing Floor 1 is shocking. Fantastic game, no-matter the price, it is a must buy."
76561198020492732,Recommended,232090,31487092,Posted: 1 May,all,Cacodemon,Not bad
,Recommended,232090,15515036,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Catalyst,"Don't need to say anything, blasting the zeds' head away is too much fun.  ^_^ 9000/10Can't wait for more of the content to come out. :D"
,Recommended,232090,15645305,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,t.tv/snugglefreshandfriends,If you love simulators and love remodeling houses you will love this game!  You have up to a 6 man crew enabled with various tools and the job you've been hired to do is replace the floors on various buildings which means you get to tear up the old floor first!  Goto town killing multiple floors in order to put in the new flooring whether the customer chooses tiles or carpet doesn't ♥♥♥♥ing matter you get to rip that old nasty floor right up and have the satisfaction of putting in new♥♥♥♥♥♥  Get your crew together and kill some ♥♥♥♥ing floors!
,Recommended,232090,15486741,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,The Box Ghost™,FP Kiting Simulator 2015.
,Recommended,232090,15483672,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Salty SerXy,"First things first, even though they call it early access game and that sounds like a beta it works perfect, I haven't encountered a bug so far, the gameplay is very intense in suicidal and so, you feel overwhelmed by zeds rushing over you and it feels great to smash, slice and destroy them.Worth the buy.Ps: Why build underground? It's so unnatural.>And a warning: it is almost certain that we will wipe all statistics, including Perk leveling and Achievements one or more times during Early Access!”"
,Recommended,232090,15590827,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Conan64ds,Awesome!!!
76561198026752086,Recommended,232090,31387760,Posted: 26 April,all,Narcat,"Just like my review for KF1:Kill EVERYTHING!Excellent team (or solo) game for those times when you want nothing more than to have waves and waves of mutated death things thrown at you and your big shiny gun. Just, in better graphics, slightly different guns and perks.The one thing I'm not so sure about is the tack on of crates/keys, but, I know the developers are just trying to keep the game going for a long time, like KF1 did."
76561198040925979,Recommended,232090,15557902,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Cloustonnnn,This game ruined my chances with a girl 10/10
,Recommended,232090,22301539,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Aaron,"This game has insane replay value and some of the best weapons in gaming. The concept is simple but executed near perfectly, making this one of the best games out there.Killing Floor 2 (KF2) is a wave-based horde mode survival shooter where you and five others pick one of ten perks to stand against massive amounts of 'zeds'. Zeds come in a bunch of different flavors, there's small 'trash' zeds that are more distraction than anything, there's 'medium' zeds dotted inbetween who can back up trash and actually deal some damage, and there's 'big' zeds who you really don't want to touch unless there's at least three more men backing you up. The zeds all force teamwork and diverse perk teams.The perks themselves all have their specialty. Usually they are proficient against one or two of three types of zed: trash, medium or big. The better a perk is against one type, the worse it typically is against the others. Perks do have unlockable skills that can change your perk's strengths and weaknesses slightly and the choice of weapons can also affect your proficiencies, but a perk focused on big zeds will always have trouble with trash hordes. These skills have to be unlocked though, by leveling up, and the game is designed to make that take a damned long time. You need some 50 hours just to max out one perk, I currently have over 200 hours clocked and I only have three perks maxed. Progress can feel slow, but this does make sure that you'll have fun leveling for at least 500 hours.Difficulty is also a big part of the game. Killing floor has four different difficulty settings so you can have a challenge at every perk level. It's third difficulty is already challenging even when you have maxed out perks and the final difficulty offers a challenge that requires solid teamwork as well as individual skill. After 200 hours I'm still trying to beat the rest of the maps on suicidal, the second hardest mode. Personally I haven't touched the hardest yet. You won't have to repeat levels you already beat until you are already really deep in, so don't worry about repetitiveness.The weapons in this game are the main mechanic, just shooting zeds. That's nothing new or interesting so the devs are forced to rely on exceptional quality if they want players coming back. Luckily they understood this, and weapons have exquisite animations, sound design and feedback. Shooting zeds with some of the heavier weapons will tear them apart and send what's left flying halfway across the room. There is not a game in existence that offers this kind of kick behind a weapon, and that is the main reason this game works. Popping those headshots or throwing a grenade in a crowd will *NEVER* stop being fun. This game would be decent without it, the gameplay is solid enough, but the magnificent weapon design is truly what sets this apart from other games in the genre. I promise you that you will keep coming back to shred more zeds.The game seemed to be stuck in early access purgatory for a long time, but it has since been released and has already seen two content updates. I was fearing for the support for this game when early access wasn't going anywhere, but so far the developers have been pretty quick with more content. I can only hope that stays this way, but with Tripwire promising seasonal events I'm optimistic. This game currently relies on cosmetics to keep revenue and future content going, since I'm a big fan of this model where content is always free and supported by people who choose to spend, I always make sure to open a box or two with a content update. The drops are usually♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I do it more to support further content updates. Besides, the cosmetic system is actually pretty fun. I like customizing my character and looking awesome, it's honestly a large part of what kept me in TF2 for thousands of hours. I'm hoping KF2 can keep me as involved by taunting me with new fashion items.This game is also *very* open to mods and custom maps, if you're ever bored you can always try some of the insane♥♥♥♥♥♥people mod into this game. They're pretty creative. Devs also implement community maps and cosmetics into the game, creating a large community of content creators. Also a smart move on Tripwire's side since this will keep content flowing even when the devs are slacking.In summary I think this game is destined for greatness. It has all the properties a game needs to stand the test of time. I think I will be playing this for years to come, and that is truly exceptional. For 30 dollars I don't think anyone can regret buying this game, to me this is one of those essential videogames, a leader of the genre, and you should own it."
,Recommended,232090,23652340,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,ŁyŻka 9Lives,"This game is so much broken since they add new zeds resistance features. Too much nerfs on perks. They're making it for PvP mode (no one asked for PvP) not for PvE. Right now this game is not enjoyable. Don't get me wrong. I liked the idea of PvP. But I can't stand this when developers only focusing on this mode. Changing the game only for PvP and destroying PvE. Right now we've got Mixed and Mostly Positive reviews. Reviews are ""Collapsing in on yourself"". Rip old KF2.EDIT:Really changed for the better. Most of the problems are fixed right now."
,Recommended,232090,15494875,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,>////<,I think Killing Floor 2 is a pretty cool guy. eh kills zombeis and doesnt afraid of anything.
,Recommended,232090,30820399,Posted: 29 March,all,Vsauce,can get repetitive but good game
,Recommended,232090,15569611,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Blu Scale,I would highly recommend this game to anyone you played the original Killing Floor and liked it. It has only gotten better in every way. The graphics are superb and the game play is phenomenal. I can easily say that this is one of the best games to be released this year.
,Recommended,232090,15720997,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,YoloMcSwaggit,"Killing Floor 2 is a great early access game. Better graphics and animations, the gameplay is still on par with the first, and the weapons look amazing."
,Recommended,232090,16408191,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[TZS] Naberius,"Ill say the exact same thing i did for the first killing floor.""if you dont own this game. You are WRONG. DEAD WRONG."""
,Recommended,232090,15509331,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Jambliduo,You can be a blonde JapaneseYakuza/10
,Recommended,232090,33373523,Posted: 8 July,all,Scvlly 懸念,"100% Absolutely solid game,Been playing since the steam release of kf1 and I can say it is a sound upgrade, nowhere near as janky.EA could release this with DLC for each class as a AA game, honestly."
,Recommended,232090,15824595,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Wolfhunter,"Blood. Guts. And a Fist Full of Shells. What more could you want from this adrenaline filled, blood soaked, thrill ride. Filled to the brim with a fun assortment of weapons to play with and a variety of ugly baddies to turn to giblets. And when I'm writing this review, it's still only in early access, so it is only going to get better from here! If you were a fan of the first stand alone version of the game, then they took everything that was great about it and bumped it up a couple notches. If you're new to the series and like games like Serious Sam, Doom and FEAR, than this is for you. Now this is a Horror inspired wave based bloody beat down. With currently four classes to choose from, Commando, Medic, Berserker and Support. Commando is a rifle based class, Support is a Shotgun based class, Berserker is a melee weapon based class and Medic is pretty straight forward. So while there are things they can improve on, this game is still a rock solid piece of work, especially for an early access game."
,Recommended,232090,33575656,Posted: 15 July,all,Astolfo #EndofYearExamsBegan,"A direct improvement from KF1, when I was an innocent 14 year old on LANs and loved KF1.The only complaint I have is the difficulty. KF1's HoE was the REAL♥♥♥♥♥♥ but KF2's HoE is like Hard on KF1"
76561198393236347,Recommended,232090,33559617,Posted: 15 July,all,Tairy__Dumpster,A great shooter. Same thing over and over again. I reccomend playing in small doses...
,Recommended,232090,31673008,Posted: 10 May,all,!Big-Ass-Louie-De-Luca!,"Amazing game, if your not running into the famous ""play one round and crash"" scenario. On the other hand, if you enjoyed the first one, then this will take your breath away."
76561198301519526,Recommended,232090,29574075,Posted: 29 January,all,Highly Suspect,I was new to the killing floor series when i first bought the game so i wasnt sure what to expect. Needless to say i got hooked on it pretty quick. The gunlpay is great and the leveling system is rewarding as well. i could understand how some people might find it to be boring after awhile but for me ive yet to get bored with the game. I guess my only concern is after i max out every perk it could potentially get kinda stale but hopefully they continue to add in more perks.
76561198099262743,Recommended,232090,32420604,Posted: 14 June,all,vg35dett,Killing floor 2 is a great game to play co-op with your friends. At times it can get alittle repeatitive. I really enjoy the mechanics in this game and the wide selection of weaponry at your disposal. I wish the developers would add some more game modes.
76561198190696911,Recommended,232090,23572204,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,VALTe,playing as british people killing angry nudists? sign me up!
,Recommended,232090,15565409,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Kore,Highly recommend this game. Tons of fun and replayability. Cannot wait for more content!!
76561198293868873,Recommended,232090,32838421,Posted: 26 June,all,thatcat10_LAMA,Not many floors misleading  but lots of gore like most of my dreams
,Recommended,232090,15487058,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Trance,Great game to play with your friends. If you were a fan of the first Killing Floor you'll love this game.
,Recommended,232090,18155523,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Jungle Jim,Pros:-Burn stuff.-Shoot stuff.-Bludgeon stuff.-Blow up stuff.Cons:-Waves/hordes in Solo/Offline are too small.-Needs more sidearm choices.
,Recommended,232090,15626695,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,FiB. Stuart.exe,11/10 - Too much Gore
76561198079967867,Recommended,232090,33727345,Posted: 22 July,all,[LazT]LeoPower | BlazT,"Just buy this gameall this thing you will get from this game-co-op with 50player+ server maximum is 100-500 ,more server to choose-3Game modes PVP,CO-OP,WEEKLY-SKIN Character[Edit],Weapon-More maps-Mics-Graphic-More classes,weapons,perk skills-New experiences-Smooth FPS-More Update soon-Worth game-EPIC FUN!!"
76561198128396938,Recommended,232090,17507862,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,FoolyCooly,"Gracias al KF 1 como mod en el UTournament hace 9 años perdi el miedo a la oscuridad y a la sangre , cuando aparecio su version completa como Killing floor lo jugaba sin parar sus graficos goticos me atraian desde el principio y su hermoso gore me cautiva hasta ahora este juego es parte de mi bendito sea Tripwire"
76561197971486825,Recommended,232090,19086166,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Madman1969,It seems you can improve a classic. Awesome game
,Recommended,232090,15498716,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Kizmias,"You played the first one and loved it. Your going to buy this one and love it. Gun actions feel slightly different, and this is beta, but man it was a breath of fresh air when I needed some."
76561197972676145,Recommended,232090,33735541,Posted: 22 July,all,Zimmersteeninburginstein,"It's simple, its awesome. Great to play with friends."
,Recommended,232090,17042305,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Кюби мальчик,Yes
,Recommended,232090,33324038,Posted: 6 July,all,Boom Shaka Laka #Agony,good game!
,Recommended,232090,33032693,Posted: 30 June,all,Jacket,"A great game,tons of fun,good looking,really well optimized.It's the type of game you don't just never come back to after leveling up to max,you just keep playing it.10/10."
,Recommended,232090,16096145,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,xXxAlain_Gest80xXx,"So far so good, the scrakes were a bit too difficult first, but they patched 'em. It's really a Killing Floor v2, for the situation of the game, but i've heard they gonna improve the gameplay and add zeds :p"
,Recommended,232090,26062099,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Snowman,"If you like killing zombies with friends, this is the game for you.Best killed with headshots and the one taps."
76561197989544440,Not Recommended,232090,15507162,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Akardos,"The game promises to be great, but at the moment?It's just too early...The Berserker class is entirely broken.  Melee weapons? Ha, you run around with the nail gun on single shot going for headshots (Which is a challenge considering how inaccurate it is.)  And the eviserator is preeetttyyy garbage, make the middle mouse button switch left click between shooting saw blades and the chain saw thing, the right mouse should just be a heavy auto attack swing.The other classes are just themselves but with fewer weapons.Would be cool if they added weapon upgrades; increased penetration, explosive rounds, bigger magazines, etc.And skills became cool things your character could do.But that'd make it more RPG then FPS.  I guess we'll just see how it turns out.I'd say wait a bit before buying it but it still shows a lot of promise.Edit: It's been out for a few months now with very little changed.  I regret buying this."
,Not Recommended,232090,15510414,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Pajoro,"Still waiting for some kind of update, desperately needs one."
,Not Recommended,232090,15581196,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Ксин 니키타 BritainFirst,"For now it's a texture rebalance.I'll tell you honestly. I loved KF1 around 5 years ago or something? I don't remember exactly when it came out but it was a bang. All my friends were playing it and we all loved it. Many free updates were released, a lot of mods came out. People enjoyed the game.But this is another product, so we should evaluate it as such.Thing is, the general idea is still the same. You kill trash mobs, grind them out until they're gone (you even see how many of them are left), then kill the big guy. Bang, proceed further. With the classes I think they might've wanted to go Team Fortress versus the Zeds type of thing, but they messed up a bit and the classes seem pointless. They are more of a limit than of actual use. I know, I know, having a medic on the team is good. Thank you whoever does that part for the rest of players out there, but your boredom can be fixed if dev team makes some changes in the right direction.Back to the 'game'.The mission is the same, so is the gameplay, I didn't exactly find a lot of new mechanics either, but I'll keep looking.I haven't been as bored for years as much as when I tried playing this on normal with friends. I just kept yawning like if I was forced to do absolutely senseless chores like formatting Excel tables by hand from one style to another, whilst adding in random numbers for totally no reason.It got a little more challenging when my friend put up the difficulty before the highest one. More zeds more blood and guts flying around, less chance to fight back, and the dynamic was there at last! Not enough ammo and we even had to use knifes and pistols finally. The game felt alive for some time until we got banged up by the biggie at round 6 I believe.I don't know why I'm writing a full on review here, it'll most probably get downvoted by the bandwagon, but my final reasoning is the following.I went greedy and wanted a good deal so I got a mod for Killing Floor that removed most maps, nearly all the variety of it, and just gave me some of those HD textures I couldn't live without.I really hope there's either a mod support *very* soon so the modders can start giving us some fresh air while the devs are working on their bank.But other than that, it's a solid *platform*, or a base if you will. There's nothing to do yet, and it feels absolutely empty but the foundation is there. The only question is what can they make it into?"
76561198098463071,Not Recommended,232090,15589663,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,ToxiicWaste,"First of all, I just want to say I do love this game.... BUT I wouldn't recommend buying it, not right now anyway.. I would wait for more content to be released and bugs to be fixed. I understand it's still in Beta right now but there is 1 major game breaking bug that plagues me, that I cannot resolve. Whenever I buy/sell anything at the shop, it reverts my inventory back to how it was before i went to the shop in the first place. I can rarely actually purchase or sell anything in the shop without the game bugging and having to spam buy the item i want over and over until the game finally gives in and completes the transaction. This literally makes the game unplayable when you can't buy armor, ammo, guns or even sell trash weapons you happen to pick up. I really regret wasting my money buying this game until official release...... TL:DR Don't bother buying until official release."
,Not Recommended,232090,15590803,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Arkterus,"Generally boring as ♥♥♥♥.  I fell asleep at the lab boss and when I woke up he was dead.  Thankfully, I managed to hold down the mouse button while snoozing.Oh cool, I can buy another assault rifle that seems to be just like the other assault rifles except it looks slightly different and sounds the same but has bigger numbers.Neat, I gained a level after 2 or 3 hours of gameplay and gained 1% damages.  Much progression. Wow.Awesome, my 'meaningful' perks are basically just passives that boost damage which I already get for leveling anyways.EA or not, this♥♥♥♥♥♥s a snoozefest."
,Not Recommended,232090,15593412,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Chettone,3 Maps for a 30$ Early Access. Wait till the game is fully released.
76561198036697231,Not Recommended,232090,15593453,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Galactic_hunter,I think the futuristic style of this game and its seriousness takes away what killing floor 1 had.
,Not Recommended,232090,15679710,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Markovian Parallax Denigrate,"Zeds with pathing and clipping issues, hit detection is trash, sckrakes and FPs are annoying and way too bullet spongy for their spawn rate."
,Not Recommended,232090,15766971,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,how bout dat,"meh, same as the first one with better graphics."
,Not Recommended,232090,15504186,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,TKay,"It's an Early Access game. So I expected limited content.Also,  you can finally run!Wait, you can also run backwards!We are advancing at an alluring rate!12/10 Worth every DOSH!*EDIT*After 2 hours I got bored. That probably because I have no friends to play with. Or that the game quickly got repetative and dull."
,Not Recommended,232090,15558105,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,RainerGodEmperor,"This seemly should and would be fun.  However it is not.  Killing Floor's gore is just a lot of red if you count a lot of blood as gore.  There's honestly not much more than that in the gore department on which it hangs it's hat.  I don't find the color red to be all that gory believe it or not.  The mechanics of the game prove to be lacking, granted this is an early release I don't see this improving by much if any.  There's no real tactics to anything and in some cases even aiming (Berserker).  It's a mindless kind of fun, and unfortunately I'm just so use to playing something that requires some thought, I find it quickly becoming very boring.  There's no communication required between players and that's a clear sign of this fact.It's like Payday 2, except minus 90% of the content, and removing all the tactical play.  I mean your better off playing Payday 2 because if you want to rampage with crazy weapons and perks that has this beat.  The only thing this has going for it is ""gore"" and dumb Doom fun.  I can't even say it's as good as Doom.  At least that has some direction.   There just nothing here, and I don't see them adding anything that could make this fun."
,Not Recommended,232090,15573897,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Peepoo XD,"Buy ammo, shoots zombies, repeat. Don't participate in any of the doctors experiments.My only complaint with the game is that it sometimes refuses to launch, even with Intergrated Graphics disabled.EDIT: I will not reccomend thiis game until the launching issues are fixed. I paid money for this game and now it wont even launch. GG/10."
,Not Recommended,232090,15499143,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,MonkeyFinger,"I just started playing. As I go I can change my review. Maybe this is an option, to not sway so much when you walk. This motion after a while make me nauseous. I don't know why dev's think when we walk in real life, we sway our heads back and forth? It starts our fairly heavy attacks. This is normal solo. It is okay, I understand you can get ammo so you do not have reload so often. When you jump if feels like you jump about 3 inches and running with hands swinging big, but your just the speed of walking fast. It might end up being fun, I will put about 12 hours into this game and update review.It seems very clumsy to move and dodge, basically so far it a run and shoot game. You might back off first few logins to get a better warm up instead of just your dead and start over again. Right now I would just say, from 1-10 being fun, it is about a 3. 10 being tops. I know it's early, and I am just suggesting. Have fun and good luck!"
,Not Recommended,232090,15851203,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Onii-chan Kenobi,"Okay, I get it it's Early Access, but seriously now, am I asking too much for actually being able to play it? I mean, I press the play button so I can find myself a server without browsing it, I tick all of the options on ANY(!), and after like 4 ♥♥♥♥ing minutes of a horrible loading screen, I get connected to a  spit of a server on which I'm the only ♥♥♥♥♥ing player.4 minutes. For an empty server. Out of like 50 in the very least of them available.Worst of it all, Steam won't even let me refund it because ""I played it more than 2 hours""; no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, more like I *tried* to play it for more than two hours.Unless they decide to put their pants back on and stop wanking at the pile of money they got from this half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sorry excuse of a game, I'll keep considering this the worst thing I ever paid for."
,Not Recommended,232090,15906323,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,acm65,"It doesnt let me join a server when i go to to ""Browse Servers"" and when i go to matchmaking i always join in empty server,  i wait for like 30 minutes so others can join but no success. The first day i purchased the game i had no problem finding a server with other players. help anyone? This game is amazing but its really irritating not being able to play with others. this game is broken:/"
76561198087380248,Not Recommended,232090,15679732,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Finessin,"I give this game a negative review because it simply does not work, it will bugsplat me as soon as I launch and I have tried everything to try and fix it, so the game is simply broken for the time being"
,Recommended,232090,15892980,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Bubby Cat,"7.8/10Re-Reviewing KF2 because I wanna actually make a decent review for a game I enjoy.So Killing Floor 2, it's a wave based horde shooter (idk I guess thats close enough)Now lets get one thing straight.This game is by no means like the first Killing Floor. So get those old killing floor ideals out of here. The original Killing Floor which many have played was released in 2009. It's been over 6 years by now. Thats a long time. Killing Floor 2 is not out to be exactly like its older brother, it's the same concept but lots of differences in gameplay and mechanics. For everyone complaining about microtransations, welcome to modern gaming. It's a sad truth but it's here and it's going to be in the vast majority of the games you play from now on. So you can cry all you want, all you grown men and women AND you pre-teen babies. Currently the MTs do not change the gameplay of any class and give no advantage so sit down and shut up.OK now for an ACTUAL REVIEW that isn't whining.Killing Floor 2 is a great game that is really fun to play with friends. There's in-game voice communication and a few little quick phrases you can say on the fly in chat to let your team know if you need back up or money to buy guns/armor.The offical maps, for the most part, are medium-ish to small in size with the exception of one of the newest maps called Black Forest. I think that the majority of the community would love to see some bigger maps to made that allow more areas to fight in besides a general single area like most of the maps.The optimization of this game has been done extremely well with all things considered. Graphically, the game is lovely. If you've played the first Killing Floor and are making the transition, the graphical difference is nothing short of stunning and a work of beauty in its own right. The colors in a lot of the maps really make certain areas of maps really the ammount of work put in. The animations for guns, zeds, and even the ending round message are all polished and refined.In terms of variety, it's getting there.The choice of guns is far from phenominal, there are only about 4-5 guns per class. Which for some may create feelings boring repetition. Is the possibility of more guns being released for each class a possibility though? Yes it is, just not yet sadly.I'm not going to do a class break down, but as of now the choices for ""abilities"" or ""perks"" when you reach levels 5/10/15/20/25 are VERY limited. Only 2 choices per tier. Also, for most of the classes, there is a clear ""good"" and ""bad"" choice that most anyone will agree on. This just kinda kills the potential of variety in gameplay by a lot. It's something that many people would like to see changes, myself included.Right now, I'd rate this game a 7.8/10I've had a lot of fun and continue to have with this game, but TWI has got a bunch of things to work on before I bring it up to an 8.5 or 9.I might add some more to this review later but this is it for now."
,Recommended,232090,17793531,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,SoggyCow ✅,"I would recommend this game, but the developers gave up on it after they got a few million dollars for releasing an unfinished game. The community develope the game faster then the devs."
76561198107196340,Recommended,232090,33851875,Posted: 28 July,all,Tonythetigger,"Very fun. The only thing I don't like about it is how long it takes to level up perks, espically when the perks are in the higher levels (15-25). But other then that, fantastic."
,Recommended,232090,15485437,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Backwoods Cephalopod,Its hard to play this game one handed but not impossible.
,Recommended,232090,32725830,Posted: 24 June,all,Teehee,Love this game
,Recommended,232090,32725661,Posted: 24 June,all,HouseNoodleSoup,"This is a worthy sequel to the legendary Killing Floor.  The grahpics are excellent (especially if you can run Nvidia Flex for those sweet, sweet gore FX), but that's expected from Unreal Engine.  The gunplay is by far the star of the show.  The excellent animations and variety of enemies are second to the fluid, high-detail, expertly animated gunplay.  The reload animations are exciting and fluid, just as fulid as the shooting mechanics themselves.  I also like the Tripwire signature of pressing reload on a fully loaded weapon for the ""ammo check"" animations.  Those little touches are what make KF2 go from good to great.  You might come in with a preference for one weapon class, and hours later discover that you are just as good or better with a completely unexpected weapon class.  The ability to mix and match any weapon in the game regardless of your class choice is a feature of the extended replayability this game has.  There are a whole lot of successful weapon combos to be tried.My only complaints are nit pickey: 1) when reloading, sometimes they'll call a magazine a ""clip"" which just bothers me a bit nowadays.  2) Sometimes you'll be low on health, and the after-round comment for your player will say something like, ""I admire your survival instinct"" (despite having low health); On the other hand, you might have full health, and the comment will be, ""You took some damage out there, get some health."""
76561198094424269,Recommended,232090,16592727,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,PigWolf,Nom nom nom!
,Recommended,232090,17406604,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Pkingidiots,"Great Game! There are already some new community made maps being created to keep the game interesting. If you played killing floor 1, then you will probably enjoy this game for what it is right now. (Early Access) Killing Floor 2 has a new and imporved final boss, and other zombies like skrakes and flesh pounds are supre hard to take down."
,Not Recommended,232090,19135966,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Barking,">4 months without a single update>next update will contain 1 (one) perk>not a single balance patch in that time>every dev update has been a complete waste of time>""oh btw guys we're adding a cosmetic cash shop :)""The game is fun but TripWire hates you."
76561198131329136,Not Recommended,232090,21789946,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Ohio's_Last_Rockstar,"So my first review was a recommendation. That was 8 Months ago.Then 3 Months ago I was banned for just telling Yoshiro that he was proving my point. Apparently he has been a Keyboard Warrior since the RO days? And TWI turns a blind eye. I lost OISTEN JAEGERHORN, and for some odd reason my steam overlay wont work in game anymore. I must've struck in the center of the censorship nerve network?My 2nd review was negative for the sheer amounts of unreasonable bans and microtransactions being handed out.Now the Say No to TWI Microtransaction Group has been moved to a sub thread that only game owners can see. NOPE No censorship here. (Sarcasm)TWI developers keep listening to the whiners and tweaking the game into unplayable states, only to ""fix"" it later with a patch update.(The bezerker class is basically unplayable as of right now)My Steam Overlay wont work and I get randomly kicked to the desktop.(No other game anywhere on my PC does this?) Hmm..The game that I bought is now a different game thanks to things like spawning 5 scrakes and 6 Fleshpounds in wave 9 on suicidal. No thanks to their newly implimented AI sysem that creates baddies on the fly based on how well you are doing. Seriously the game will **** you, if you are doing too good!So Now I must tell it like it is in a short concise review below.May the truth set you free brothers and sisters!Is killing floor 2 a good game?Pros:Graphics are really good!Gunplay is pretty good.You can earn skins randomly for beating the Bosses.The community all hates TWI and Yoshi. (some just have the guts to say it.)Cons:Random Microtransactions.Bans are handed out for a simple complaint.They keep ""Tweaking"" the game to where its basically unplayable, then playable.Rinse and repeat. Ad nauseam..I wished Id seen how TWI really was toward their consumers before I purchased. Its the same reason I stayed away from games like Day-z and Contagion.Overboard on censorship.On a side note:If you purchase the game, buy it on sale.And for the love of Video Games, DO NOT SUPPORT RANDOM SKIN UNLOCKS!Other then that, the game is a enjoyable grind fest.(TWI wont see another dollar from me unless they can see the fans for more then their wallets.)Good night and good luck!"
,Recommended,232090,15842688,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,BlawkEyes,Sick Graphics Great improvement on the first game Miss the sexy Trader shop owner lady person
,Recommended,232090,32835448,Posted: 26 June,all,Psyc0,"its like, its good, but its not that good."
,Recommended,232090,15517491,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,HKMFC | HappyGuy,Anyone Teach Me How To Kill The Floor Please ?! Please ?
,Recommended,232090,26041380,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Reaper,"This game has been improved alot since it's finally come out of Early Access, it feels more fun to play and they have rebalanced some major known issues it had in the past.Graphics are stunning, absolutley awesome, also has the Nvidea Gibs and Fluids FleX Feature whitch adds even more gore to the game.Hit boxes have been improved alot, when you aim on a zeds head, you are likely to land a headshot.On a negative side, Hans volter is extremly over powered and just awful to fight, Fleshpounds are also extremly overpowered due to the fact that they do not need Line of Sight to rage and do not stop running until they hit a player, unlike the original Killing floor where if they hit a door, they would immediatley stop raging. the Patriarch is good to fight and is well balanced.Reccomended for a good, fun, teamwork based Coop shooter."
,Recommended,232090,23588385,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Razorback,"It took a while, but Tripwire's gotten their thumbs out and brought the game to a pretty fun level. Listening to the community has worked well, here's some of the really good things they've done:* The resistances have been scaled back an insane amount, so they're actually subtle. Just about any weapon is effective against the zeds.* Perk skills have been dialed way up to have a more pronounced effect, there's few skills that feel like filler and most can drastically alter a playstyle. Medic's probably the biggest change which has worked out for the best.* Drops are daily, not weekly, now you tear your hair out over crates way less.* Teleporting isn't an issue anymore, no more zeds popping into existance via hate and line of sightHowever, there's still some things that need to be fixed:* Firebug got brought to a good level, then nerfed again which is annoying.* There are still filler skills that no one will take since they serve almost no purpose (Medic Poison), which could be reworked or buffed* Weapons that flat out never get used due to lack of strengths, Firebug Trenchgun was my favorite weapon in KF1 but now it's pretty rubbish. No zerker takes the eviscerator, and the firebug's microwave gun rarely sees use now.* A subjective thing, but Rae's design bugs me. I made Tom Banner my liege immediately, the original characters have personality and the retro characters were awesome. Some woman sprinting around in a rockabilly dress with open heel shoes though, really? The voice acting's good but the character doesn't look like she's a survivor dealing with legions of zeds, she looks like she's stumbled out of a production of Grease. For everyone that wanted another cool female character she must have come as a shock."
,Recommended,232090,15513096,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,RazorRamonReigns,"So I have never purchased an ""Early Access Game"".  But I will admit I have played and enjoyed the first Killing Floor.  I remember buying it off Steam.  A ton of DLC along with it during a sale and it still cost a pretty penny.  But for $29.99 the leap between the two is night and day.  It plays much like the first but on steroids.  If you love zombie shooters, wave shooters, and multiplayer I definitely recommend this game.  What little they have already provided for the $29.99 is worth it enough.  Would absolutely recommend to anyone interested."
76561198025124051,Not Recommended,232090,15482740,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Volunteer,"Even in its Early Access state this game is very playable and definitely addictive: pixel murdering mayhem at its very best!Five months later:  the game has changed so much that fewer pub games show genuine teamplay. It is now usually a group kiting around gloomy maps. It has become a different game altogether.The is now Twitch Shooter Floor, or if you prefer, Killing Bore."
,Recommended,232090,33403285,Posted: 9 July,all,Mystique,"Killing Floor 2 has several difficulties, maps, classes, weapons and variations of everything.The multiplayer is incredible; the Bosses of the game are difficult to defeat, which makes the game much more difficult, but this is also what makes it more fun.The items purchased by steam are very well made and look very nice, but do not affect the game, just appearance.I can not finish without mentioning the soundtrack, which is AMAZING!! Heavy rock all the time, fitting in with the game extremely well.Excellent 10/10"
76561197978973503,Recommended,232090,32227493,Posted: 6 June,all,ODIN,"I have had this game since it first came up on EA, its by far one of the best CO-OP survial MP games out there. Great sound track plenty of weapons and classes to play. It takes more than skill to make it a round, it takes good team mates! everyone must know their roll and play it well. There will be a time when you will have a lone wolf on your team, we all know that guy. He likes to think of himself as Rambo... he is always the first to die, and blame eveeryone else for not backing him up. Well it takes more than that Rambo, good team work and knowing the maps is a start. not going off thinking you can take on the whole horde. Every map has more than one place where you can hold off the horde with your team mates, so learn the maps.One last thing, when your in the middle of a blood bath fight and hear someone screaming for help, it's that Rambo guy....Just ignore him. It's the only way he is going to learn."
,Recommended,232090,15655387,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,BigBrassBalls,"OH. MY. GOOD. BLOODY. GAWD. I remember back when I first created this account back when I was very young (probably 13 or 14) and the first game I ever purchased was Killing Floor. Because I was young, and didn't have a job to purchase my own games at this point, Killing Floor and Half Life 2 Deathmatch were the only games I had. Because of this, I had over 150 hours in the original Killing Floor. When I saw that Killing Floor 2 was coming out, and I saw gameplay, I came so close to shating myself right on the spot.Finally, the game released in Early Access. Note this: THIS GAME ISN'T ANYHTING LIKE THE♥♥♥♥♥♥COMMING OUT IN EARLY ACCESS RIGHT NOW. This game is an ACTUAL GAME, not just a working prototype. The game is super good looking, gory (seriously, if you can't handle gore, you WILL get sick to your stomach; it happened to a friend of mine, and he came super close to blowing chunks), plays super smooth, and well... it's just awesome! I will say, it's light on the amount of content ATM, but the developers are constantly updating the game. By the end of Early Access, they look to have 10 perks in total, 3 more than the original 7 from Killing Floor 2, and IIRC they plan to have over 110 guns. 110 FRAKING GUNS. YO DAWG I HEARD YOU LIKE GUNS.Oh, and I have a question for you: DO YOU LIKE MOD SUPPORT?!?!?!?!?!?!1111?!?!11?!!!!1 Seriously, this game is in Early Access, and Tripwire shipped a level SDK. They said that when it's finished and out of Early Access, they will ship it with the SDK tools to do ANYTHING. Make your own guns, make your own levels, make your own enemies, make your own bossess, make your own ANYTHING. Because this company came from a group of modders, they want their game to be as moddable as possible. And hey, before Valve removed payed mods from the Workshop, they REQIURED that if you were going to make a mod, you had to make it free. If you made people pay for it, your mod was removed within the week.Tl;dr: this game is awesome. Get it. NOW.PS: MONEY MONEY MONEY"
76561198053288566,Recommended,232090,32401342,Posted: 13 June,all,Mig,it was coo i guess
76561198100180269,Recommended,232090,32760442,Posted: 25 June,all,Engravings... [B.E.T.A Recruit],When i played killing floor 1 i became addicted on my other account this is kf1 but 10x betterpros:dynamic gore [cutting in half chunks of head being shot out etc]tons of weapons from historical weapons and experimental weapons to modern day weaponryMaps are extremely well detailed and gorgeous to look atBlood stays everywhere the entire game paint the town RED!!!!!tons of silly and badass cosmetics to unlock along with cool looking weapon skinsSlideshows coming back in the futurenew zeds cyst slasher etcnew characters [anton and some require other games but the ones they require are quite good anyway]this thing can even run on my intel core i5 which is quite amazingcons:You think theres any cons? not rlly nothing to see here move along
76561198065675900,Recommended,232090,30720942,Posted: 25 March,all,Vsauce Michael,would be nice to have custom lobby to play with friends
,Recommended,232090,32893146,Posted: 27 June,all,_#ng,This is awesome !!!
,Recommended,232090,15704725,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,-={o.W.n}=-JACKOFWAR,if you ever wanted a zombie killing game with a very indepth gore system you came to the right place
76561198012198331,Recommended,232090,34283753,Posted: 16 August,all,HOELS,Remove Gorefiend
76561198010592101,Recommended,232090,34124424,Posted: 9 August,all,Goochanator,How do I ♥♥♥♥ing count?????
76561198028468190,Recommended,232090,15491308,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Vynzent,"Started, felt like looking at level. Almost got torn apart for it.This one is not merciful like KF1. I love it.This one is much faster, there is no slow build up. Play on a high difficulty and you'll see what I mean. The zeds are angry and sprinting and jumping around since wave 1."
,Recommended,232090,34335714,Posted: 18 August,all,[SPAM]Alcatraz,had since alpha and great game :D
,Recommended,232090,34383025,Posted: 20 August,all,Silent_But_Deadly,"Same theme as Killing Floor, but much better graphics, better leveling, better difficulty settings.  Over all a great improvement."
76561198356720885,Recommended,232090,31092498,Posted: 12 April,all,CoffeeKid,this game os awesome!!!
,Recommended,232090,34365088,Posted: 19 August,all,Hotman911,Do you like killing 2 zombies...? Do you like killing 2 zombies on the floor...? Then 'Killing Floor 2' is waht you'll want
,Recommended,232090,15573548,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,justice,"COOOOOLLAAPSING, IN ON YOOOOURSELFI DON'T KNOOOOW WHHHHHHYYYYI TRRRYYYY"
,Recommended,232090,33609409,Posted: 17 July,all,Mortal Wombat,"This is a great game, especially if you get a team that will talk and coordinate with each other, that's when this game really shines.  You have 10 unique classes, though one of them, the Survivalist, is really just a jack of all trades kind of deal and I'm really not a fan of it.  You get a few small incremental bonuses every level (ex: 1% extra damage with perk weapons every level) that vary from perk to perk and you get a choice from two skills every five levels that you can swap between waves.  The official maps are cool and there are also a ton of really neat custom maps.  It does take a very long time (a few hundred hours) to level up every perk to level 25 which is where perks really shine, but the grind is (mostly) fun.  Some perks feel a bit painfully under powered until you level them up a bit.  Overall, if you have a buddy you can play with or just enjoy a good team oriented wave based shooter, you can't do too much better than KF2"
,Recommended,232090,28473084,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,vovanchic,"KF2 is a very fun game because of its unique features and improvements over KF1:- you can turn lyrics on and off in a soundtrack;- you can enjoy pretty gore system;- you can turn on crosshair, so it's basically Serious Sam now;- interface is nice,- achievements now work properly;- berserk is very distinct and overall fresh in comparison to other FPS.- There are some VERY fun guns."
76561198099608526,Recommended,232090,28152794,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,MasterBeyond,This is a pretty awesome game. The only problem I have is that once I press play the little mini screen pops up saying Killer floor 2 obviously. But than after that it takes like a minute or 2 for it to finally get to the game. It is a bit annoying but it doesn't ruin it at all for me. That's my only problem. Everything else is completely awesome. I fully recommend you get this game. (9/10) I would give it a perfect 10 but like I said there is that problem and also I wish there was an option in the game where you could just set the waves to unlimited.
,Recommended,232090,23678368,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,ArcherLP,"After 177 hours of this game, I have finally come to the conclusion that after repetative gameplay and lack of content, I give up. I've always tried to advicate for this game, but the dev's just aren't coming through.EDIT 8/31/16As of writing this edit, i feel that tripwire has taken a turn for the better, and made this game (after listining to player feedback) a much better overall experence. I now feel confident in recomending it."
76561198015848381,Recommended,232090,32758082,Posted: 24 June,all,=[ZKI]= Dee,Fantastic !! game  It just takes time to get use to it. Teamwork is a MUST :):):)
,Recommended,232090,32760186,Posted: 25 June,all,xinitrc,"Blood, gore and... more blood! What else do you need from video games? 10/10"
,Recommended,232090,34087360,Posted: 7 August,all,Bewitched Cheese,"After having played Killing Floor 2 in all ways available, I can safely say it's worth your cash.I'm going to divide this review into three parts:The Good, The Bad, and The Summary.The GoodKilling Floor 2's combat is the pinnacle of polish -- almost nothing is wrong. Whether you're taking on the horde alone or with your friends, a good time is almost always bound to be around.Killing Floor 2 prides itself in having amazingly satisfying guns to shoot, and I'll be damned if the guns in this game aren't good. I have almost nothing to say about the guns themselves, they put bullets into the enemy and that's what they do. The diversity of classes makes sure it's impossible to find something you aren't comfortable with, from the horde-slaying SWAT to the agile tank that is the Berzerker. This also ensures you'll never get bored, and if you're like me and love unlocking everything, you'll look forward to gaining access the skills each perk yields.The difficulty is generally very challenging but fair. Not much more can be said.Every enemy reacts to beng shot in the most satisfying way imaginable. Setting a gorefast on fire will make him writhe in agony until the fire is put out. Fleshpounds will cover their face preemptively to getting shot. Cysts will stumble when brushed by a light breeze. Most games will simply have the enemy flinch or bend over like they got kicked in their pants, but Killing Floor ensures that the enemies look like they got shot, not startled.The characters are very vibrant and looking to have a good time, just like the player, with a wide variety of personalities to be seen. Nothing more can be said about them, they are simply just funny and entertaining to listen to.Music in the game is very death metal, which I happen to like quite a lot, but taste in music depends on the listener.The BadThe way the game spawns Zeds is atrocious. Every time you attempt to lead them by the nose and dodge them the game will spawn a couple Zedsdirectlybehind you or around a corner and they will instantly attack without fail. It is extremely aggrivating to be suddenly caught by about ten Crawlers when you're running from a Fleshpound and then get, well, pounded into a pulp. This also happens very frequently, so it ends up being a common trend to die to a multihit Stalker attack that you couldn't see because she spawned literally right on top of you.The bosses are♥♥♥♥♥♥ Unbalanced, unfun♥♥♥♥♥♥ That's it.Weapon variety is surprisingly lacking in some areas, but Tripwire is adding more weapons somewhat regularly, so it isn't that much of an issue.The SummaryKilling Floor 2 is worth your money, but not without a few rough edges here and there. Many hours of Zed-killing joy are to be had, either alone or with friends."
,Recommended,232090,25407595,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,T [HuN] Gergő,Don't ask just buy it.  it's amazing and fun. 10/10
76561198122424901,Recommended,232090,33178937,Posted: 3 July,all,GrizzleBurr,"Theres nothing better than ripping through a hall way crowded in zombies with a full auto AA12 shotgun. watching blast after blast crunching their way through the undead. amazing gameplay. amazing graphics, awesome to play with friends and good action momments throughout. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,232090,32605259,Posted: 20 June,all,ShotgunFunRun,"Currently this game is 50% off, and is the BEST game i've played in a long time, and now m hooked!! I didnt feel like spending the 15$ when it was on sale, until i tryed the game to the if i enjoyed it, it was free to play for 22 hours when i saw it, and the second the game loaded up, i was immedently in love. The game conbins a texture of Left 4 Dead 2, and Black Ops 2 Zombies. I know its not free to try out anymore, but take my adive, shooting Zeds (zombies) while the game temporily goes into slow motion as if it was GTA 5, giving u precision shots, and lets you really notice the ins and outs of the details and sinarios of the game. Never have i ever played a game so emensly detailed, has a good soundtrack, dev's add things very often, but give u time to gain the aplicable featured items that are avialble for limited time, and constant changes to the way the Zeds look, like making all of them appear as if they were part of a carnival (thats the best one yet). You cannot pass out on a game so amazing as this, a mean c'mon there are AMAZING GAMES like H1Z1 (which i have) and DayZ but the devs completly abonadon them until they had compition like H1Z1 and PlayerUnknown's battlegrounds. This comes to the conclusion of my reveiw, without a doubt buy this game even if u cant spare a penny becuase your paying for your mom's medical bills or something, JUST BUY THE GAME!!!"
,Recommended,232090,30833912,Posted: 30 March,all,DarkDevil,"Played Killing Floor 1 Since 2011 for Several years Probably had Over 250+ Hours Disregarding the Current Hours of my Steam's KF1. so Lets say over 350 Hours Total.Killing Floor 2 is an Upgraded Version of KF1 Graphic wise and Gameplay.What i'd Like to see in the game is Objective Mode and More Weapons for Perks, Maybe Bring back some Characters from KF1.(The Grim Reaper)(Though I'm Almost Certain the Devs are Working on Objective mode)What i dont Like in the Game atm is The white trading POD it looks too Futuristic, Skins for the Trading pod would be nice.All in All its a Masterpiece."
,Not Recommended,232090,22033299,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Smigs,THINGS SPAWNING IN MY VISION AND 1 FOOT AROUND A CORNER IS NOT FUC KING OKAY TRIPWIRE FU CK YOU
76561198045631538,Recommended,232090,15482737,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Mike Tyson [𝓓𝓗],Buy it....Now
76561198035546303,Recommended,232090,32423117,Posted: 14 June,all,NATO | Potato,"Good game, best picked up on a sale, the content updates are a little slow and the game itself is fairly shallow, but if your into these kind of hord survival shooters, then its a good buy. Only real gripe is that the classes, aside from using different weapons, dont really play differently, would be cool to see equipment/gadgets."
,Recommended,232090,15935470,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Convenient Spider,"Wave 9.Doing good so far.2 FleshPounds and 2 Scrakes spawn.PanicDie.""Your squad has been wiped out""At least it wasn't Hans, right?Quit the game in anger.In all seriousness, this game is too good to get upset at while you can just drop in again and teach those pesky clots a lesson by smashing them in the face and decapitating the corpse in midair while ZED time is still activated, just to revel in the blood of your victims.9.8/10"
,Recommended,232090,33431744,Posted: 10 July,all,DegiSay ◥ChechenWolf☪◤,Really cool and addicting game!
76561197995787272,Recommended,232090,18067592,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,droggen,"This is my Fifth review of Tripwires Killing floor 2.Well here we are the game is now fully released with a new Map,Weapons and even a new enemy type I really can't nit pick any negatives with this update. Tripwire even went so far as to let players brake down in game drop crates for material so players can craft their own cosmetics a new change to weapons and perks also went into effect.With the current update some perks can use other perks weapons and gain benefits from them as well emotes are now also a new thing for players to have some fun with. It really seems like tripwire is trying its best to keep current players happy while trying to bring in new players as well.Like I've said there is not much wrong with this update in my eyes if anything at all, I'll keep this review short and to the point if you're looking to get this game, Now is without a second guess the perfect time to jump on board and kill some zeds with friends and random players around the world."
76561197981128156,Recommended,232090,15717445,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Halcyon,"Good game, even better than KF 1 :)"
,Recommended,232090,15481438,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,RAIZO,"It's finally here!!...well, sort of.  Only a few maps available now (Paris, Biotics Lab and Outpost) but they're friggin' huge! The violence is seriously intense and the slow-mo with color fade effect, which of course emphasizes 'red', is truly awesome to behold.  So far the frames are consistently holding at 30, regardless of the amount of action at times, which is iimpressive considering that the blood/bodies never spawn out.The weapons are pretty cool so far for the perk classes available.  My personal fav is Berserk and the Pulverizer is so sexy I want to marry it!  Seriously though, I would marry it if I could - it's a sledgehammer with a shotgun alt fire, which literally means you can kill a Fleshpound with as little as 2 of the shotty alt fires (plus it holds 5 shells per clip for a total of 35 shells). The katana is no longer the choicest of zerker weapons to use, but the Buzzsaw Bow, with a different name of course and with a means of using the buzzsaw like you would a chainsaw, is back for second helpings!  I've also used the lesser shotguns/assault rifles and they're pretty effective being just base weapons.The level of detail and interactive objects in the environments are very impressive; the detail even moreso for the zeds.  Most are of course oldies but goodies, just suped up a bit, like the siren emitting her sonic blast and having glass shatter and ohjects in close proximity go flying away.  The Scrakes are really cool looking and just as relentless as ever when you♥♥♥♥♥♥them off.  Fleshpounds, surprisingly, are pretty easy to outrun even when frenzied, but then again I've only completed the maps on solo/normal.  But still, they are just as cool as ever.  The Patriarch is back, in a manner of speaking, though now he is a mad scientist with a German accent and looks kind of like the female fleshpound mods from Killing Floor.  He's pretty tough though as he heals himself using your HP, plus he has machine guns and gas/frag grenades.So far there's a good bit to do and that's only going to increase fast as updates, namely new maps and achievements, are released.  Personally, I think Killing Floor 2 was well worth the wait and the level of detaiil and effort Tripwire Interactive has put into this game really shows just how much they love the series they've created and us as gamers."
,Recommended,232090,34693157,Posted: 2 September,all,ＰｅｅＰｅｅ ＰｏｏＰｏｏ Ｍａｎ,issa healing ceiling 2
76561198096732248,Recommended,232090,32400816,Posted: 13 June,all,bonillarx09,great game your missing out if you dont buy it
,Recommended,232090,32036081,Posted: 28 May,all,Robert,"There's only 2 bosses and 2 modes (which I hope they add to soon), but I still love it. Looks great and plays great too - that is, if it doesn't crash on launch.It's been like 99% good company, even when I decide to play on higher difficulties as my low level perks."
,Recommended,232090,19244471,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,virtual balboa,okay it's good now
,Recommended,232090,33390807,Posted: 8 July,all,That Heavy Metal Goat,"Pros:-The game looks and sounds great, and runs pretty well.-Gunplay feels absolutely fantastic, the majority of guns kick realistically and are a blast to use.-When playing with a coordinated team, it's often a great balance between relaxing moments of headshotting trash enemies while chilling with your friends and coordinating takedowns on larger enemies. Playing with people you know on higher difficulties turns the game into a challenging but satisfying experience where everyone does their role and helps each other.-Often several different viable loadouts/perk setups to play with.-Fairly active playerbase, lots of cool custom maps.Cons:-There are a ton of different ways for teammates to screw you and the team over (firebug lighting big enemies on fire, for example). Often, bad teammates get good teammates killed, and the game doesn't do much to reprimand them.-No way to restrict high difficulty games to high-level players. Low level players lack certain perks needed to function properly at a high level, and are thus a burden.-Some poorly explained ingame mechanics. Did you know that railgun loses 50% of its damage with autoaim enabled? Or that a Commando can extend Zed Time (ingame slowmo) significantly if he scores kills during it? Don't feel bad if you didn't, the game sure doesn't tell you.-Questionable balance choices (spawnrage fleshpounds, crawlers that explode into gas clouds, etc.) Not gamebreaking, but often extremely annoying.-Highly repetitive, though this may or may not be an issue for some.Overall a fantastic wave-based PvE co-op game, but if you want to play on higher difficulties you NEED to have a group of friends you can rely on. Too much can go wrong with randoms."
,Recommended,232090,20722947,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ALER,"Free content really, WOW haven't seen that for a long time."
76561198021062153,Recommended,232090,32396468,Posted: 13 June,all,Cerberus,"Like it's predecessor, Killing Floor 2 is a wave based gorefest even gladiators would be envious of. With superb graphics, and many customization options, this a game you'll always come back to. The dev team is very active in the community, however, the player base could improve. Unlike many other shooters, each perk class has a role to fill in a match, and all too often two or more teamates will not fill their role, nor do they understand key gameplay mechanics that are essential to a successful map clear. I.E. The medic won't be healing, or a teamate will enrage a scrake and then leave it for somebody else to deal with. Or teamates will not take down the larger zeds when they appear and leave them up to be a death sentence later. Too often you will be vote kicked if you try to explain this to call of duty fanboys. I love the game and have been a fan since Killing Floor 1's release, but I'd love to see a ranking system in effect down the road to weed out all the terrible players that one must deal with every other match."
,Recommended,232090,15549729,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,SudsiestQuill,Went to play as an Asian character. Suddenly couldn't find anyone to  play with. So realistic.
76561198150141902,Recommended,232090,32878726,Posted: 27 June,all,Codswallop30,This game is a very fun and adrenaline rushing game. I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,232090,33186721,Posted: 3 July,all,/ sugarbaby /,This game is intense.
,Recommended,232090,34435772,Posted: 23 August,all,Mr. Poopybutthole,"I bought this game when there were only 3 maps and 4 classes. Disappointment in the beginning, but after all the updates it turned out to be really fun. Levelling your perks is generally fun (until you get to the higher levels), the gameplay keeps me on edge lmao or maybe i just suck enough to feel pressured by the ZEDs. The gameplay does get a little repetitive but the weekly challenges spice things up a bit and they're quite a challenge.The one thing I exceptionally like about this game is its community. The toxicity is so very minimal and people are willing to give you tips and they use voice chat to help you survive the wave along with them. Really nice guys and girls on this game. I played KF1 but didn't play much probably because none of my friends played but when my friends got KF2, it was much more fun lol. Pretty rad game. oh and slow mo kills are pretty rad too. 99 hours and counting!P.S. Headshot dinging sounds are what gets my rocks off & these are just my thoughts on the game in its current state"
,Recommended,232090,34368846,Posted: 20 August,all,SimplyXt,My favourite game at the moment.
,Recommended,232090,29388871,Posted: 20 January,all,Kenpachi Ramasama,Not enough blood.
,Recommended,232090,32496700,Posted: 17 June,all,Hail Trackanon,"I first stepped onto the Killing Floor in 2015 while the game was still in Early Access, and there were just four perks to choose from (before the incinerate and detonate update).I'll give you that development saw it's ups & downs with the addition of PvP and microtransactions, but all in all I think it was a well done EA campaign, full of free updates including 6 perks, new weapons, new bosses, new maps, and more.Now that the game has seen it's full release, here's what the developers Tripwire have provided so far this year, all free of charge:Tropical Bash update: New map, new weapon, new zedDescent: New map with new game mode, new weaponsSummer Sideshow: Free event with new map, new challenge mode, new weaponsPros:* 6 player co-op* challenging horde shooter* Free updates (so far)* Scaling difficulty* 10 perks to choose from, each offering unique styles & weapons* Guns & gore galore* Incredible gun animations* Hundreds of workshop levels* Kick♥♥♥♥♥metal soundtrack* Well-optimized (i7/2GB Nvidia on high/ultra)* Beautifully detailed environments* Lots of character customization* Fun communityCons:* Match-making (server browser + filters is your friend)* Server availability can be low at timesI know that the PvP mode and microtransactions during early access caught a lot of grief, however at least they made the all skins cosmetic, and in the end the developers delivered an absolute gem of a shooter. 440 hours in, nearly all maxed perks, and I'm still going strong without any signs of slowing down.10/10:Highly recommended to anyone who enjoys co-op shooters like Left 4 Dead or PayDay2, or a solid FPS in general."
,Recommended,232090,15591433,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,DrWasa,"It still an early access with just a few maps and weapon, but the fun is here ! The first Killing Floor was very cool, this one will be better ! With graphics improvement, new perks, new Zeds, new boss and more, I think you should buy the game if you enjoyed the first one ^^"
,Recommended,232090,15943534,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Fuckinator,"More fun and and more intense than the first. The frequency of the slo mo causes for some really cool kill sequences, and the updated graphics help add tension with more realism. Even with only having downloaded 4 maps, I could not stop playing this for days."
76561198025240340,Recommended,232090,18090827,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,CoppeR,Only played the first one once. Now I'm playing this everyday. Definitely is an awesome game. GET IT!!!
,Recommended,232090,17072364,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Tape,"I love this game ever since the first installment and oh I absolutely love this one! Sure fundamentally this game is the same as the first one but with better graphics, I still think it is super worth it to buy the first and the second one.Weapons look amazing, reload and fidgiting animations are top notch. I just wish there was a story line that we can play. Gameplay is great, mechanics are solid. Headshot sounds make a nice crunch noise. Lots and lots of BLOOOOOD. Zed time sure enhances the blood and is pretty cool when things so down. Zeds look amazing and now block attacks to make it harder for the player and not just make it ""easy"" headshots. I've noticed that in higher difficulties, playing playing difference classes in conjunction with others is most efficient, instead of have 2-3 of the same class. Each class has it's own pros and cons. Maps are still not many but a decent number to pick from.Some cons of this game does concern me. For a game that has been ""official"" not too long ago, there are still a few bugs and things that bother me. When I load the game first time when I start my computer, it takes a while for it to finally start. But when I exit the game later on and then re open, it doesn't take long to start. When you're in game and you reload to get a new clip and the switch weapons, you lose 1 to, the most I've encountered, 5 bullets either in the mag or ammo reservoir. When you spam the heal button, it wil always show you healed twice, even though it only registers once Zed time there is sometimes a glitch where you can move in real time for a few seconds.Other than those things I've realized, it's a great game that I really love. Hope you enjoy it if you play it."
,Not Recommended,232090,26681504,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,good gamer,"Do not buy if you expect something more than just a casual slaughterfest.Balance is out of the ♥♥♥♥ing window, spawning system is pure unfiltered ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and the mechanics are beyond autistic.Also TWI insists on keeping RNG in the game."
76561198024278808,Recommended,232090,31099374,Posted: 12 April,all,Trickytickler,"Fun weapons, fun gameplay, free content and endless murder with goofy humor. What's not to love? If you enjoy survival shooters with friends, blowing up♥♥♥♥♥♥with double barrel shotguns, chopping zeds heads of with katanas, hosing down rooms in fire or firing rpgs like a madman then this game is for you."
76561198048250054,Recommended,232090,27897959,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Yazza1993,Fun!
,Recommended,232090,18755831,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Daddy Digong,"If you're into Christian deathcore music, blood, guns, and gore, then you're going to have a bloody good time with this game!"
,Recommended,232090,17020112,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,smokiestsea535,this is a really fun to play game and you don't even need a beast pc to run it and it still looks goodi really recomend this gameno frame per seconds errors even now that is on he's early access state
,Recommended,232090,15542212,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Young Freak,"You need to learn how to kill everyone around first! Matches full of ""Stay in the corner for 10 waves"" players are so boring. Highly recommended for aggressive players."
,Recommended,232090,30091409,Posted: 21 February,all,我永远喜欢DanaZane,gud game
,Recommended,232090,30746391,Posted: 26 March,all,Machine`♥,10/10
,Recommended,232090,15487473,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Gadzooks,"Chills ran down my spine, however my drool kept me warm as it slowly oozed down the front of my shirt, my mind forever scarred by the awesomeness that is this game."
76561197980868171,Recommended,232090,15487332,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Good Job! Mr. Bubba,I found plenty of Zombies to Kill but those Floors just wouldn't die.10/10 Would shoot the floor for 6 hours again.
,Recommended,232090,15672957,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Lewis,"Listed below are my positives and negatives. If this review gets attention I will make sure to update it as time goes on.Positives+ Fantastic visuals with good customisation and optimisation. Textures are wonderful and character details are very high resolutions.+ Gunplay is a treat+ Variation of current classes actually makes them play differently+ Lots of difficulty modes that truly make it a tough game+ Zed Time, slow motion that some truly beautifully crazy things can be seen+ Enemy types are fun and pose different challenges.+ Actually makes me jump.+ Soundtrack is great fun!+ Menu's are easily traversable+ Server list. THIS IS WHAT ALL PC MULTIPLAYER GAMES SHOULD HAVE. Makes it very easy to play with friends and just find a specific game easily.+ Fun customisation of characters available.+ Works great for 144hz+ Gore is displayed so awesomely!+ Levelling up a class gives major benefits in the form of selectable options like more health or more ammo. Always difficult to choose between but a noteworthy choice.+Full customisation of controls. Starting set-up was also close to what I left it at.+ High FoV options available.Negatives- Price for the current set-up of 3 maps isn't great value, even though the maps are fantastic.- Early Access. Always a risk, however this game has a lot right and is only really missing content like maps and more perks.- Some stuttering that I found easily fixable in the games files.- Some audio for gun sounds is quite bad.- Currently only one type of AA... FXAA. Not too badsince at 1440p, jaggies don't seem too bad compared to some games like GTAV.- No kicking players. If you get someone in your server who's annoying everyone... you can't kick him! Not so fun.Quick notesMove onto harder difficulties, normal really feels like easy to me.Don't all pick the same class.Best setting to lower for better performance is real time reflections. Major gain in FPS."
,Recommended,232090,19309603,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,[Cash.net] Xgpmcnp,"New Review: I want to change my review back to positive, even if the MTs didn't move. As a great fan of Payday 2, I was pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when Overkill ♥♥♥♥ed over the whole game. Since KF2 was getting MTs too, I kinda panicked and over-dramatised things, I think. The MTs here are at least kinda decent, not giving any stats to weapons and giving you drops without the crates. The game is good enough to outweight the MTs.Old Negative Review: This game is Genius. But then they add Microtransactions. So.. I love the game and all, but will rate negative until TWI changes their mind about MTs."
76561198084551018,Recommended,232090,21624436,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,SpaceMonkey,"I ♥♥♥♥ing left CS:GO for this game I love it and I don't regret anything.I don't regret I bought this game earlier.. I regret the fact I didn't bought the deluxe edition.If u like intense gore, team play (not every match) and metal music u should get this game, it's perfect to play with friends u don't need to learn to much to play it but if u want to master it u have a lot of work."
76561198256118991,Recommended,232090,26042154,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/CrazyJayBroadcasts,Patriarch is my ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,232090,26681823,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,The Lysdexic Gentleman,"Here is my 2 cents:Pros:- Guns ""feel"" like they are shooting with good sound unlike the first game (don't get me wrong, I loved the original game.)- Explosions creates a soupy mess of zed inards- More perks than the first game (an obviously needed upgrade for a sequel)- Better graphics- There is a Railgun... A RAILGUN- Player customizationCons:- Less firearms than the first game- Less game modes than the first- No endless mode- Micro-transactions=============================================================================I really enjoy the game, but it is a game that I will jump on for a few hours and then move on to another game once my gore stew is finished. The game may have some flaws but they are minor and can be fixed/added later on and so will not rate this down based on those, being that the only thing that upsets me at all is that there is only one game mode.Game can get repetitive, but so did the first one, which is why they made an objective mode, that and mods. Mods are available in this but I am waiting for resident evil objective map to be made in this. That one was always a blast.I look foward to what they do with this game.Step 1 - Choose demolitionistStep 2 - Use explosivesStep 3 - Watch the gloryStep 4 - ???Step 5 - Profit8/10 - Would make more zed chowder again."
76561198074461797,Recommended,232090,33425410,Posted: 10 July,all,Vonstyne,"In its last days of early access, or soon-to-be birthed into a full release game, Tripwire had made a couple of design choices that hurt the community: the PvP mode and the final perk (not including now or future DLCs). I only wish Tripwire could’ve been more open with us. [Score: 8/10]The idea of a PvP mode originally came from Killing Floor 1. In Killing Floor 1, majority of players wanted to see a PvP mode of some kind but it was never implemented. It did, however, spawned two unofficial PvP mods that allowed players to fight among themselves and be the zeds.Tripwire introduced “VS Survival” as the new PvP mode. This mode allowed players to play as unique zeds with unique abilities. The problem is nobody asked for this to be included in Killing Floor 2. Most players disapproved the PvP idea and wanted objective mode to make a return. Although it was rough around the edges, it was popular in Killing Floor 1. Unfortunately, Tripwire implemented the new PvP mode anyways. Even at full release, it has balancing issues. When “survivor” players choose perks that are level 15 or above, the chances gets slimmer and slimmer for “zed” players to win. As of now, excluding to complete the game, hardly any players play VS survival anymore. Although, I appreciate Tripwire for allowing players to be the zeds and tried to give something different.With resources wasted, it lend the downfall to the final perk…Everyone was excited on the tenth and final perk, the martial artist. However, since berserker had melee covered, Tripwire didn’t want another melee-based perk and cancelled it. The community commonly suggested two perks: the technician and heavy gunner. The technician was supposedly to stun small zeds with an electrical arc. The heavy gunner was supposedly to be extremely tough and wielded heavy machine guns with lots of ammunition. Instead of considering those perks, what we got in its place, was the survivalist perk. Its announcement caused an uproar and didn’t settle well with the community. It has unwantedly earned the name “black sheep” of perks. A handful of players will debate and defend it but the majority dislikes it.I’m only explaining the basic idea of the perk. Other players have other reasons why they dislike it.Now, quoting from Tripwire on the perk, “jack of all trades, master of none.” Basically, it’s to provide players flexibility and be free from restriction. What I refer to these common jack-of-all-trades designs are “fillers”. A filler is something that can easily “fill in” for another. For example: instead of choosing the medic perk, you can reconfigure the survivalist to somewhat mimic the medic perk. And here is where the problem lies. Its’ bonuses is considered weaker than the medic perk. In addition, the survivalist doesn’t get the full benefit of the medic perk. This example continues to extend to other perks. With the introduction cross-perk weapons, the perk is more unwanted and pointless to play as.Despite these two hurtful choices that Tripwire made, Killing Floor 2 is still absolutely, more funnier than its predecessor. And I highly recommended it as the most cooperative-action game. Playing hours on end to level-up to get the next perk skill. Or trying to get all the Hell on Earth achievements on the official maps. With Summer Sideshow coming to an end, for now, it’s no doubt the next seasonal events, Halloween and Christmas, will surely follow."
,Recommended,232090,15482114,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Tr3b0r,"*Re-review as of 23/11/2016*I predicted the future. I was right! Tripwire kept updating this game, and kept updating it, and annoyed a lot of people on the journey with microtransactions, but now all of that has paid off and the game is actually worth of buying and playing now.Pretty much all points I complained about above have been fixed, the only bad thing now is the money grabbing microtransactions.***KF1 started off pretty bad...and Tripwire kept updating it until it was perfect. I think KF2 is going to follow the same path, because at the moment this game isn't that great.The weapon sounds are 'meh'. The animations and movements are bouncy and 'floaty'. The graphics for a game releasing in 2015 aren't great. The gore system they have been hyping is nothing special, although nVidia flex is awesome I must say. Overall the game feels like a buggy mess.(I know it's early access, but Tripwire don't seem to know the meaning of releasing bug free games...it took them years to fix RO2)To make things even worse, Tripwires EULA for this game is disgusting, and now they are even adding microtransactions on an unfinished game. Wtf?I am still hopeful for this game though... it has huge potential. It really does."
,Recommended,232090,26064991,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ToastyCosty,"finally tripwire fixed some big issues, much more enjoyable now."
,Recommended,232090,26124062,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,HeartlessGinger00,I have been playing this game for months and i can't stop loving everything about this game. Highly reccomend this game.
,Recommended,232090,26248569,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Nugget Egg Nugg,"Like the first one, but more of it, and better"
,Recommended,232090,26290217,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,BulletToothTony,-Awesome Step up From KF1-balance issues
,Recommended,232090,26428214,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,jOTOFAR,"Pick a class, defend against wave of 'zombies', earn cash, buy bigger gun. Rinse repeat, what's not to love."
,Recommended,232090,27096596,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nottori,"Awesome game, recommended!"
76561198097648190,Recommended,232090,27143279,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ღAzukiღ,Nice
,Recommended,232090,27144533,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,OneyeKing,i like katana.
,Recommended,232090,27417715,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mcuck,canny
76561198036076877,Recommended,232090,27483075,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Salad_fingers,yuds its goed
76561198020852201,Recommended,232090,27490029,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FuglyVirgin,Just a fun simple shooter! Worth it!
76561198079626559,Recommended,232090,27502303,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LoneWolf,"This game with every update it recieved got massively better. I loved the game before there was much in it and continue to love it! Killing Floor 2 allows you to really explore how you should shoot or stab those stupid zeds. Personally, I love the berserker class, slicing and dicing all the zeds in my way really fuels me. Definately buy this game if you want a zombie game that is actually good."
,Recommended,232090,27588107,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Silentxgold,Played this at a local computer shopChecked the reviews before purchaseFelt that Early Access supporters are ♥♥♥♥ed over by the DevsManaged my expectationsHope more bosses are introducedOverall slightly satisfied customer
76561198043914549,Recommended,232090,27647026,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Moi,"Can't go wrong with the second iteration of the best zombie co-op shooters with improved mechanics and graphics. If you love shooting zombies in the heads or just want a bloody gorefest, pick up it up ASAP!"
76561198007727485,Recommended,232090,27716851,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Shrimply Pibbles,"Great game, lots of improvement from the original killing floor. Wave based zombie killer with loads of cosmetic gear and best of all different classes. Hope for more classes, bosses and an increase in levels and skills in the future."
76561198012281890,Recommended,232090,27766726,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,connetion,"Like shooting zombies, and this is one of those games, but is repetitive for grinding the levels as you need it to level up the perks."
,Recommended,232090,27900676,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,eitra,"Killing Floor 2 is a successor of the first Killing Floor game. This time, it was developed by many people, unlike the first one has 10 person developed it. However, I found this game more arcade-y than the previous one but that doesn't mean it's a bad game.Currrently the game doesn't have much to offer but this game was released recently so you should know that, so expect more contents in KF2 in the futureI'll mention some key points of changes (only some);>Sharpshooter was divided into 2 classes, Sharpshooter who arms Rifles and Gunslinger who arms handguns>Leveling up by XP, and each perks has its own way to generate xp much like 1st one but easier imo>You can't flinch scrakes or fleshpound anymore, but only stagger them, which makes it harder to kill them (correct me if I'm wrong)>There's survivalist perk recently, aka ""JACK OF ALL TRADES, MASTER OF NONE.""that's all for my review, same gameplay, but better graphics"
,Recommended,232090,27914261,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dingo,this is a great game for playing with friends
,Recommended,232090,27920132,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,matt,wowee
76561198022382212,Recommended,232090,28015778,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,EL REBELDE,Better than the first and that game was awesome.
,Recommended,232090,28032726,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,McNabbone,"I made a video for this below. But basically, if you like PvE wave-based games, and/or zombie shoot'em ups, then Tripwire Interactive has you covered. They really are a great developer who actively supports all their titles post launch with free updates and content.This is a proper PC release in every sense: FOV sliders, plenty of menu options and very good performance. Most people with decent rigs should be able to run this at high frames with no problems.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nV0-4dn-c8Y&t=258s"
76561198028798583,Recommended,232090,28196297,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,PoopyPops,vury fun indeed reccommend i will
,Recommended,232090,28200515,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Cheezedogg,TERE IS NO MOTION CAPTURE 10/10
76561198024632131,Recommended,232090,28265970,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,drunktron,"I loved killing floor. Then I got to have that feeling all over again with killing floor 2. I get to kill stuff, personalize my characters, and try different classes. Long story short this game makes this boy happy."
,Recommended,232090,28720944,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Garpike,"KF2 is more or less an improvement on KF1, which was already an excellent co op game and probably the best ""zombie"" game out there. Thus, KF2 comes highly recommended from me.Particular opinions about the grinding and the Problematic elements from the first game will be determined as I keep playing.The gore gets a little nauseating if you catch it up close - but it can thankfully be turned down in the options."
76561197986277281,Recommended,232090,29401562,Posted: 21 January,all,hoymaker™,um the zombies killed me on the first wave because i was scared and hid in a corner crying to my mum with a piece of poo on my bed
,Recommended,232090,29433748,Posted: 22 January,all,Troy Mclure,"Its everything you loved about the first game, retuned and revamped. it loses some things here and there, but the game plays really well. Easily worth the meager 30 dollarydoos theyre charging. Most of the issues youll see in the game will assuredly be fixed, as tripwire is one of the best devs out there in terms of long term work on their games."
76561198015070706,Recommended,232090,29639157,Posted: 1 February,all,DEATHJABBERS,"10/10It's a team vs AI shooter. It's very fun. If you want to shoot various zombies with other people, then get it. KF2 is worth the money, even when it's not on sale."
,Recommended,232090,29728229,Posted: 5 February,all,WhiskeyDeadPool,"Fantastic, seriously if you havent bought it yet you should! This game should be in every gamers library!"
76561198141315771,Recommended,232090,29914087,Posted: 13 February,all,Dallas,"Very fun to play with friends or randoms. Gory as hell!Take your time to watch the content videos, the guys from TripWire really took their time to do it right!"
76561197997609605,Recommended,232090,30016915,Posted: 18 February,all,| Natur3l,"This game is really worth it every gamer should have this game as its really fun to play.As its won the award ""Better With Friends"" its true this game is best played with friends . If u dont have any um... u really need to get some then . you can add me if u wanna play with me XD . but lets stick with the game this game is really good and even if u have a ♥♥♥♥ pc like min u can play with no lag at the higgest possible settings . it also has many mods and maps which give immersion to the game and makes it even more fun. Really recommend this game its really good.If u dont wanna read all that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t then let me tell u BUY THIS GAME YOU WONT HAVE ANY REGRETS"
,Recommended,232090,30093105,Posted: 21 February,all,Blink,"its a good looking, fast paced, zombie (Zed) survival game. Whats not to love about this?"
,Recommended,232090,30481066,Posted: 12 March,all,Everybody,"Blood, guts, gore, skills and a lot of guns. What more could you ask for?"
76561198329189512,Recommended,232090,30524196,Posted: 15 March,all,Rikka,"well, i think so this game not scary.ha.... fun!? are you kidding me."
,Recommended,232090,30892131,Posted: 1 April,all,Tummy Grumblins,"What a scare! The zombie come from every corner, I get 3 waves I turn the game off because it is too scary! I am getting better at staying strong but the zombie come from the corner and scare me senseless! I scream and turn it off fast! I am a nervouse man and the blood buddies startle my soul. The shoot is great and the control is good, Not for weak of heart! one day I will beat the game! I will keep trying!Con (2)-Horrible Fright-Big BloodPro (5)-Getting stronger-Gun make me feel big-realism-the graphics are good-the world is dark...but you will see the light!2 of 5? not a bad one! for a 7/10 score!"
,Recommended,232090,31028361,Posted: 8 April,all,TYPEDMEDAL125,great to kill some time when you just want to shoot something in the face
,Recommended,232090,31178271,Posted: 16 April,all,Obsessed Tofu,I love it! I get ♥♥♥♥ing scared at the start of the game. Managed to complete the basic training with shaky hands. Tried it with friends and I'm screaming and focusing on the game. Better with funs and randoms!
76561197996651809,Recommended,232090,31633226,Posted: 8 May,all,Rad,Everything from the first game has been shined to a mirror sheen.  This game is the pinnacle of survival zombie games
76561198008463391,Recommended,232090,31638223,Posted: 8 May,all,SALH,Pillar of the community!
,Recommended,232090,32989541,Posted: 29 June,all,"Oskaras ""Bumblebee"" Salys","It's a great game, the only problem is finding friends to play with, you might get bored without them."
,Recommended,232090,33277410,Posted: 5 July,all,Trust Gerro,The game itself is awesome but the soundtrack is probably the best part of it.
76561198170692619,Recommended,232090,33596154,Posted: 16 July,all,ステッカーハッピー,Run N Gun!
76561198042625628,Recommended,232090,34109135,Posted: 8 August,all,mkmprodigy,amazing game
,Recommended,232090,34389613,Posted: 21 August,all,deploying tactical pants,fun game but lacks dedicated servers which is a pretty big problem especially in the mornings since theres almost no players
76561198408124268,Recommended,232090,34738225,Posted: 4 September,all,skyra,awesome game
76561198049713261,Recommended,232090,35508428,Posted: 5 October,all,American Standard 1.0 gpf,"Awesome game, i have 330+hrs logged. If you love semi-mindless killing of monsters/zombies and love guns, this game if for you. Takes a decent machine to run at high settings but still looks good on mid end PCs. Gun play is awesome, sounds are great, and no other game has the gore that KF2 has."
,Recommended,232090,25375162,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Pixelboyable,"Lots of fun, probably even more with friends."
76561198006830773,Recommended,232090,26237515,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,-DarkWinterNL-,"I love shooter games and love the way they developed this oneso i toke some time to write this review :)I have played this game for a long long time now (Early Access, seen the first update came into the game the Voltor Map and the rest of course) and its was amazing it was nicely build up..Then not to soon becasue well in any game in development it was kinda limited in classes and maps but we played on..then other classes came wich really opend a lot more then the standard classes that where in it like incinerator class and dual wield pistols (love those) and made the game even beter in the meantime other classes came with it and maps and enemy`s like The Patriarch and that was really nice :) now the game even is getting beter with new content and so on and on new modes and more classes i am getting curious wich things TripWire have in store more because its a awesome game.. keep up the good work even though in the beginning there where some negatief reviews but if you liek shooter games and like to work in Co-oP Zed killing spree this is the game for you its nice looking then guns are awesome made the enemys tricky and different and man just a awesome shooter And Foster is aweseom hahaGood Job TripWire to develop this game even beter"
,Recommended,232090,26488277,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,IVI00101,Best shooting feel of all games I played.
76561198026706309,Recommended,232090,26498176,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Snoipur,Great survival game. Fun with friends.
,Recommended,232090,27158350,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,A.Wolf,Awesome!
,Recommended,232090,27455111,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Happy,"Amazing game, KF2 brought new great things"
,Recommended,232090,27485549,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,plz,"Grinding takes forever, but mutilating zeds and blowing them into chunks makes up for that"
,Recommended,232090,27714879,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,"Hello, i am Terrorist",this game is amazing if you are borderline insane like i am and want to go on a mass killing spree :D
76561198144932709,Recommended,232090,27734335,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CristianV47,"This game becomes really fun to play and makes you need to get better because it can get harder to play every time the more variety of classes the team chooses or the higher difficulty you go.good stuff:+Never-ending music+Fun to play with friends+Nice graphics and animations+Can frighten you+aiming is comfortable and easy to aim+They removed the teleporting zeds+Classes are diverse and mostly fun to playbad things:-Lack of weapons to choose (weight limit stops you)-A non-medic player healing feels underpowered sometimes-if you play a class alone it won't work that well always...-Not too many characters to play with, it gets boring to see always the same with bare customizations-Very hard to get custom itemsIt was a game that proved that can change, it got better every time.They ruined the game with some changes, but, damn it's really addicting!, when the music starts and you see all your teammates running and killing zeds, I just can't stop playing, i want more...As a nominate for steam games, it deserves it because it has become better and on other platform (and released...), new things added and so, since I played the first version of the game and I liked it too, this is better now."
,Recommended,232090,27743607,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CornPuffs,Best FPS i havr ever played and best zombie game i ever played
,Recommended,232090,27836935,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Soulmetzger,Hours of fun.
,Recommended,232090,27931859,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SUARELE,"KF1 - that I likeKF2 - not so muchGood game , little contentWorth the buy not the time"
,Recommended,232090,28076848,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DeeperGhog,good game gg
76561198020174126,Recommended,232090,28086500,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SIREnchantedGERMANSUPERSOLDIER,"Great Game!Solo or Co-Op!Getting many hours of funStill got a handfull of issues that I would like fixed;*Most Important* they ability to hose PRIVATE ONLINE GAMES with a simple click* at the moment the game keeps on trying to find me a 'server' and has a habbit of making it public - so im using steamcmd server tool - only can host LAN with my room mate, would like to be able to play with other friends online with ease.*below is just my personal opinoin for what I would like to see in the game*A mantle command for windows, cars, certian barriers and other object you can jump over.Light Machine Gun weapons and perk also new weapons for all perks.Support perk (or another perk, just makes sense on support) can reinforce wielded doors to make the harder to breaker downA few more bosses - Dr and Patriarch are just, well, Ive fought them too many times lol.A Endless Horde mode where every X levels you fight a boss then the mobs gradually get stronger."
76561198035307504,Recommended,232090,28205098,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Justbe,"Alone in a island,always searching,running and building.it's annoyingly enojoyable game.best alpha ever."
76561198040977419,Recommended,232090,28262307,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Hits,"dope game. but man i need more waves of zeds, like 20 at least, more guns, more bosses and more variety of zeds."
,Recommended,232090,28661668,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Cars3,Gore.
76561198083568932,Recommended,232090,28734913,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,depression,BANGBANGBANGPOWPOWKABANGBOOMBANGPOW*heavy metal music in background*AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABANGBANGBANGBANGPERCHOOOOOOOOOOOOObuy it now
,Recommended,232090,28957384,Posted: 2 January,all,dullais_laacis,"""Just because scrake on ground, doesn't mean it's dead.""Love it, the community's awesome, the player base is great and cooperative, if you liked the first game, you gotta have this one... and a beefier PC, this might run on a potato, but it has to be from the Aperture Science Enrichment Center for a 1080p experience.Wave 11/10."
76561198194181498,Recommended,232090,29215708,Posted: 12 January,all,FREEFRAGS,GG
,Recommended,232090,29383383,Posted: 20 January,all,Dizzy,Game finally came out and the difference from april 2015 to Jan 2017 is huge! recommend to everybody who enjoys zombie slaying and survival games.
76561198272326198,Recommended,232090,29412225,Posted: 21 January,all,i just want financial stability,This game isnt the most impressive game i have ever played but it has its own subtle grace to it. If you're looking for a game to waste time in or maybe just wunna unwind and not worry about how to play a game right then its definately looking into. But i gotta say...i have never felt satisfaction in shooting zombies like this..
,Recommended,232090,29566391,Posted: 29 January,all,frostilious,AWESOME!!!
76561198096270428,Recommended,232090,29708283,Posted: 4 February,all,Emmanelango,Sick game sick FPS great physics/graphicsSick zombie game as well
,Recommended,232090,29713223,Posted: 5 February,all,DarrenGodlike,awesome game
,Recommended,232090,29950324,Posted: 15 February,all,Ðoи.Meg ♛,The best zombies MP game ever !
,Recommended,232090,29953877,Posted: 15 February,all,Super Jesus Dovahkiin,Killing zombies with friends while listening to rock and metal what's not to love
,Recommended,232090,30082564,Posted: 21 February,all,Scotty,I coated an entire courtyard with the blood and body parts of zombies
76561198044113569,Recommended,232090,30130292,Posted: 23 February,all,Bender,I think i speak for any of the vets of the original game this is exactly how i imagined the 2nd installment would be playing this game is a dream 8.5/10 still needs a little work but its amazing
76561198205288119,Recommended,232090,30310184,Posted: 4 March,all,kickthebag,its pretty good.
,Recommended,232090,30347975,Posted: 5 March,all,fag,"Much good, Much Fun 8/10"
,Recommended,232090,30460626,Posted: 11 March,all,GT 210,MORE BOOM BOOM WEAPONS PLEASE BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
76561198300102016,Recommended,232090,30502597,Posted: 13 March,all,SneakyTurtle,"Killing Floor 2 to me is basically Left for Dead 2, but better. First of all, I really like this games class system, you choose a class, and you get extra exp from using weapons from this class. There are plenty of weapons to enjoy from each class and there is a class for everyone! (Personally I love the gunslinger class,)The next thing I would like to review is the gameplay. The game play in this game is awesome, the game starts off easy when you are just starting and you can't afford the awesome weapons. Then from there the game gets more outrageous and fun and fast paced. Like for example, in the first round there are regular zombies and ones with a chain saw, these guys are really easy kill. Then there are invisible zombies and there are spider like zombies that are also quite easy to kill but just a little more difficult. Also at the the end of all of the rounds there is one boss zombie that is really fun to fight against.Next is the graphics, I love the graphics in this game, it uses a really neat engine... Thats really all I have to say here...Finally is the maps, the maps in this game are really well designed, there is this map with a house and a farm and this one is my personal favorite. But some of the maps are a bit to small, and some are a bit to large. They all are really intresting and get better and better each round.These are my final thoughts of the game, this game is awesome, if you love games like Left for Dead. Then I would say that this game is for you! This game is really good and really well made if you can I would really reccomend you pick this gmae up some time!"
76561198345914029,Recommended,232090,30606014,Posted: 18 March,all,Strongestzero57,This game is really fun its like if you took cod zombies and put it on steroids
,Recommended,232090,30916189,Posted: 2 April,all,Imnrax,"I loved Killing Floor 1 and this game takes the best of the first one and makes it all better. It has good looking weapons, character customizations, cool maps to play on, and a wide variety of perks incuilding a few new ones like Swat and Survivalist.The gameplay is the same as the first, survive waves of zeds while upgrading your weapons at the vendor in between waves. But now you can also level up other perks by simply using the weapons tied to that class. For example, i play as a commando, but i can also level up Support if i keep using shotguns. So you are always gaining experience no matter what weapons you are using.Theres a few new things that i noticed , like the support class now being able to give teammates ammo. Also perk skills, like being able to choose to reload faster or bigger magazine clips starting at level 10 as a commando, and you can change between them before a game starts. It also has controller support which is amazing, it works perfectly. I've always wanted to play the first game with a controller, and now i can with this one but im so used to mouse and keyboard now lol :DIt is also very easy to start a new game or just jump into one in-progress. You can choose matchmaking where it will find you a game with specific parameters you choose, or just simply go to server browser pick one and click join. I never spend more than a minute looking for a game to join. So this game is perfect if you just want to jump into a game and have some quick fun without spending much time waiting.And finally theres the store, where you can buy cosmetic stuff like new outfits, new skins for weapons, and also the ability to buy keys and crates where you can find rare quality skins or outfits.I totally recommend this game. Even if you are a little bit interested in this game, just go ahead and buy it, it's totally worth it even at full price, and you will play this game for hours and hours. This is one of those game where i can play for a few hours everyday, and sometimes you'll just spend all day playing this!  :D"
76561198082817944,Recommended,232090,31131478,Posted: 14 April,all,Fluffles,"I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised about this game. I thought it would get super stale and boring after the first 2 hours of same 'ol ""kill all zombies, horde mode whatever"" but I found myself quite addicted to it. Light humor with a ton of gore to sate your appetite, yet leave you hanging with a craving for more. Some dialog and narration gets super stale, but that's only a fraction of this game.Basically, game good, lots of blood and mayhem, highly recommend this game.Personal thoughts: ♥♥♥♥ yeah this game is awesome! I love it!One bad thing is the cash shop. It's only for cosmetics, yeah, but I don't want to buy a cool new look and I also don't want to grind for an entire year for something I want. That's another thing. The grinding is, you get one ""item"" per 24 hours. So it's like doing one daily quest from WoW and just as rewarding. By that I mean it isn't rewarding. You get a thing that you most likely don't want, you decide to ""recycle"" it and get a crafting mat for the level of the item you recieved which means even more grinding because if you want something rare or prestine, well...you might as well buy it from some jackass who hikes the price up to like 300 dollars. I have seen these prices and they are stupid rediculous in price ranges. You either get lucky or you will never see that item EVER.But ya, good ""perk"" system (it's classes, but the devs don't have enough 'class' to name it correctly)Love the firebug. It screams what I would love to scream which is: BURNY BURNY DIE DIE! followed by histerical laughter.Core mechanics overall are decent, but you WILL be very frustrated at the fact that 90% of all mobs in the game can and will outrun you, so damage is inevitable. So is anger...and blood...lots and lots of blood @_@ like someone bought a dumptruck, filled it with blood, dumped all the blood on the floor, then went back for another blood trip and it repeats from there."
,Recommended,232090,31225452,Posted: 18 April,all,Celer_Umbra,"If you are a fan of zombie games (Zeds in this series) or horde mode games then this is a fantastic game to play.  User created maps are fun for the most part. The ability of the community to influence what can be added to the game via the steamworkshop is a nice touch. The classes and leveling systems are OK but could always be expanded upon and upgraded later. I would like to eventually see a ""create a character"" option in the future but overall it is a fun game!"
,Recommended,232090,31233470,Posted: 19 April,all,Ben,"yaay , much killing , yaay !"
,Recommended,232090,31301319,Posted: 22 April,all,Metal Pants,IT FUN
76561198042342281,Recommended,232090,26054268,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Clouded Allegiance,"The best early access game out there :), very addicting and fun."
,Recommended,232090,27390576,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vulcan,"Here's the lowdown: This is a very well made co-op, class based, horde survival first person shooter. The visuals are superb. The performance is fluid. The gameplay is spot on. The sound is wonderful, from gun shots to the shattering of a zed skull as you put a high caliber bullet through it in slow motion. There are specific areas that still require attention post launch, but those are not serious enough to outweigh the many good things the game has going for it, and I believe they'll be taken care of soon.Overall 9.5/10 from me.Some additional details:This is not just a remaster of Killing Floor. The two games are, in terms of pace especially, are quite different. Killing Floor 2 is much faster, both in terms of the FPS mechanics and perk leveling. There are 25 levels per perk instead of 6, and you will level up much faster. You choose one skill every five levels, and your starting loadout will never change based on your level alone. I do agree that the characters, while plentiful, are lackluster in comparison to the originals. They're not bad, but if you've known the first, you can tell there's a world of difference. Owners of Killing Floor get a couple of classic characters with their voice acting for free. Your voice menu will be much simpler this time around, with only eight orders/answers to choose from.Microtransactions are the equivalent of CSGO or TF2, weapon skins and cosmetics with effect on any stats. You will get crates and sometimes loot for free after a game.The things most negative reviews will bring up are legitimate issues, but to be honest, it's nitpicking. This is a great game, get it."
,Recommended,232090,27438931,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MDK  Kaopy,It's ok.
76561198066103352,Recommended,232090,27631857,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Yolo_Clement_//w3,Very enjoy from killing the zed haha nice graphic compare to last version
76561198041368699,Recommended,232090,27903766,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,vbk180,"Awesome Coop game, highly recommend. Great Fun."
76561198141832087,Recommended,232090,27958828,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dolan,I would highly recommend this game to anyone who's looking to just kill some time and have a blast doing it. The content in this game is well worth the price tag. I picked it up for $20 and I've been playing it a lot since I got it. It's a great game to play with friends and it's still fun to play by yourself. There's A LOT of content in this game for the price tag! If you're looking for a fun game to play by yourself I would look elsewhere because this game is a lot more fun when you're shooting Zeds with your pals
,Recommended,232090,28077939,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Crisis99,"Imagine if a game was having intercourse with your face, but still left you satisfied? That's this game, right here."
,Recommended,232090,28083544,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ablert,"I purchased Killing Floor 2 during a weekend sale which meant the purchase price was around £14.00. Having really enjoyed the first Killing Floor and looking at the reviews for the second one, I anticipated that I would like it but thought I didn't really have enough time to play yet another game on steam. Had I known the game was this good, I would have replaced one of my 'usual' games in place of this immediately.The zed time has a Sin City feel to it which makes everything black and white with red as the only colour (awesome!). As a healer by nature, I was pleasantly surprised to see a better arsenal available to the medic class including a trusty shotgun and assault rifle. This certainly increases survivability during the higher waves and difficulties.My quarrels with the game could be recognised as minor but I was quite sad to hear the voice packs were now in French accents? Being developed in France, I see why it would have been but it would have been great to have an option between British or French accents because I really loved the Londoner version.  Also, I saw there is now an XP system with achievements similarly to other games. In the first Killing Floor, the way you leveled up was to do a set task with your chosen perk - for healing you needed to heal a certain amount, for support you had to both weld and do a certain amount of damage. That said, I do like the max perk level of 25. I found after 200 hours of Killing Floor One, that I had all perks set to level 6 so I'm looking forward to leveling all my perks to 25.I am a massive fan of zombie games, as are my friends - we play Left 4 Dead 2 also as we like the objective mode available. I think if Killing Floor 2 had dedicated Objective mode which didn't bug out (like was the case in Killing Floor One), I think I would more likely to stick to KF2 as opposed to switching between Left 4 Dead 2 and Killing Floor for the different modes.Great game, worth the spend."
,Recommended,232090,28106876,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,█▬█ █ ▀█▀,Good game)
76561198042052721,Recommended,232090,28189336,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,DARK SOUL,nice co op game with alot of killing zombi
,Recommended,232090,28193117,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Dingus Fingus,"Lot's of fun, lot's of maps, lot's of weapons, lot's of costumes for the characets (of which there are a lot of...) and lot's of zombies to shoot at!It's really good and cheap! Been playing since it came out on Early Access and now that it's released I can say that the devs have really delivered. Grab this game and start shooting!!"
76561198101319630,Recommended,232090,28302215,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,II Hephaestus II,"Quality Game, does take a decent amount of time to initally load, but runs fine afterwards"
,Recommended,232090,28544541,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Unsolicited Wetness,Other than the dumb survivalist perk. This game accels at everything KF1 set and imporved upon it. Would reccomend to all who like co-op surivival games.Also Devs update the game like crazy with new maps weapons and enemies (for free) you defineitly are getting yours money worth out of this game.
76561197987045075,Recommended,232090,28559665,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ryan,"Killing Floor 2 is a great game. It's got plenty of classes and cool weapons to choose from, levelling out all classes will take you a little while, and jumping into an online server is quick, easy and exactly as it should be. The game itself is rock solid, there's no issues that I face with performance, netowork / server dropouts or anything like that. It'll work great on older machines too.The game doesn't take itself too seriously but overall does a great job with atmosphere, AI response, weapon detail and all manner of things. It's a great time-killer and you will enjoy the ability to jump into a team when you're playing it on your own.There isn't too much of a learning curve with this game, just work as a team and you'll survive. The more you level up, the more benefits your perk will have. Diversity on your team will help take on tougher challenges / harder difficulty - a healer is very important, but so is stopping power!!Loads of fun, wait for a steam sale and grab this game, you'll love it."
,Recommended,232090,28908315,Posted: 1 January,all,"Bob ""Mother Fuckin"" Ross",A god damn gore fest.A kickass soundtrack.Really makes me wanna just to shoot everything in sight.Bloody fantastic.Should buy.Get gud.--Brought to you by your friendly neighborhood muffin dealer.
76561198301576863,Recommended,232090,28985721,Posted: 3 January,all,青椒土豆,"Circular saw flying too slow, and there are also grenades and rpg，and the map is too small, much smaller than a generation, hoping to improve!!!"
,Recommended,232090,29048079,Posted: 5 January,all,One Wayward Son,I am loving this game! I didn't like Left 4 Dead because it felt overwhelming and I thought this might be more of the same but it's surprisingly just the right amount of onslaught. It's great if you only have 20 minutes to do some mindless blasting and can't dedicate hours to play. Love it!
76561198266298424,Recommended,232090,29068884,Posted: 6 January,all,Aizen,Guys Add me I like This game since #1 i want friend to play this and go the Party 😀😀😄
,Recommended,232090,29087428,Posted: 7 January,all,TheGoatsy,This is the best FPS Zombie game I've ever played. I recommend this if you like this kind of games. You won't be disappointed [Insert DickButt here]
,Recommended,232090,29282501,Posted: 15 January,all,chiisu~,"I have almost 200 hours in this game so it's probably about time I wrote a review. I'll try to keep it fairly short.I love this game because it's relaxing to jump in and pop a few Zed skulls , or blow up a few Fleshpounds with grenades. The harder difficulties are very challenging, which is great for people who want a challenge but I prefer Normal or Hard to relax a little more. Though even in Normal it's quite easy to get cornered by zeds if you're not fully paying attention.The visual and sound design are some of the best parts of the game. The guns look, sound and feel very cool and realistic to use: each has it's own unique character and pros and cons of use. The graphics, while not cutting edge, are great looking and surprisingly detailed. The music is great if you're into heavy metal and very fitting for the game's theme, and the gunshot noises and headshot noises, etc, are very clear and well done. I think this is part of what makes it so satisfying to play.The gameplay itself is lots of fun, especially with friends, and quite arcade-y. The downside of being arcadey though is that it gets repetitive after a while, but it's still good fun. I've never had significant lag issues when playing online either, even when connecting to slightly further away servers like Ukraine (I live in the UK). The maps are all well-done and distinct from each other for the most part, so there's quite a bit of variation in that regard. You can be playing in an Arctic base one match, then apocalyptic Paris, and then a tropical jungle on the beach. There are quite a few player-created custom maps too if you get bored of the official ones.My main gripes with the game are loading times and levelling times, and some issues playing with friends. The game generally takes quite a long time to load, and the levels themselves also do. I don't understand why, because other games don't take as long to load on my PC, and once the game has loaded it runs perfectly smoothly for me. I also own the game on PS4 and it loads much quicker on there.As I mentioned, it also takes a very long time to level up your classes (perks), which wouldn't be so bad if it weren't for bonuses and upgrades requiring you to level up. If you want to fully level everything up to level 25, you're gonna have to sink some serious time into the game for grinding or just use custom made levelling maps. I have almost 200 hours in the game and I am still only level 25 on two or three of the classes.Finally I sometimes have issues inviting friends to parties and joining games with them. I'll get weird error messages saying I am not in a game when my friend tries to join, or that my friend is not in a game when I try to join them. I can't figure out why this happens but thankfully it's a fairly rare occurence.Overall though I would definitely recommend this for the price if you like fast paced arcade-like FPS games, especially if you don't mind the lack of a story in favour of more refined gameplay."
76561198036962257,Recommended,232090,29513902,Posted: 26 January,all,livingdead234,AA12 mowing through hordes of monsters is beyond satisfying
76561198116821132,Recommended,232090,29628187,Posted: 1 February,all,Spooky,All in all it's a great game.Pros :+Great Perks+Great  Graphics+Very Satisfying+Very nice music playing in the background+Skins with good prices for them+Skill system+Plenty of maps+Communty maps+Nice community+Balanced weapons+Trading Cards+Plenty of achivements+Workshop+Level EditorCons:-Not Enough Bosses (For the devs: Add more bosses or make the bosses more generic)-Long launch time (For me it's 2 minutes and 20 seconds)-High ping in some servers but not a big dealOverall score: 9/10
76561197985762493,Recommended,232090,29634875,Posted: 1 February,all,-JiX-,Never a dull moment.
76561198144048649,Recommended,232090,29710096,Posted: 4 February,all,{VoD} Seth,Im a fan of the killing floor games and i have one request tripwire for the support class please add light machine guns
76561198118150671,Recommended,232090,29716385,Posted: 5 February,all,Skade's,"gore,horror,bloodsplatters,screams and a variety of 'tools' to murder the horde! all in this one package that we all love and know as Killing Floor 2get the bloody game the dosh lovers"
,Recommended,232090,29839980,Posted: 10 February,all,RedMage13,"dang put 125 hours in this game before making a review......Ya I gotta say playing this game all the way back in Early Access has been a thrill. This really is one of those games that you can play when your in a ""just one round before sleep"" moods or you can play it for a few hours if you want. The Soundtrack is great for the vide of the game."
76561198081072420,Recommended,232090,29950712,Posted: 15 February,all,Penguin Man!,"Honestly this game is really good. The graphics are good in my taste and the gameplay is so fun, it may be wave after wave but the gore and action never stop. There's also challenges in difficulty that can make this either a very hard game or a very easy one depending on your taste:). The price right now is a bit too high and I'd say a good price for this game would be 19.99 but still really good game and I do recommend."
76561198102082687,Recommended,232090,30102731,Posted: 22 February,all,Mx199,This game knows what it is and owns it. Mindless Fun
76561198315249325,Recommended,232090,30189181,Posted: 25 February,all,TheLegendaryGingerMonkey,Very fun. You like good music that gets your heart pumping while you decapitate a zed well look no further than this wonder of a british game that just always has my heart
,Recommended,232090,30214033,Posted: 26 February,all,Waffle,Its a good game
76561197983618950,Recommended,232090,30760967,Posted: 26 March,all,SrsTeapot,"Fun game if you enjoy counting bullets and making heads explode. It's also fun for other things aswell, like fire.VS does suck if your up against 6 level 25 perks otherwise worth it for the chuckle."
76561197993983516,Recommended,232090,30922657,Posted: 3 April,all,GhostFairy,"I would like to say if you love FPS game with zombie-killing style, you absolutely should have try this one. Instead of being a warrior that holding some machine-gun and don’t worry about death just killing, this game is concentrate more on teamwork and realistic. it’s like a survival FPS game. A huge recommended for this one!"
,Recommended,232090,31254416,Posted: 20 April,all,Lazypen,Slowly becoming one of my favorite pasttime game. Get some friends or find some good people to play with this game and you will have hundreds of hours of entertainment.
,Recommended,232090,31325362,Posted: 23 April,all,HiDN,nice suucc
,Recommended,232090,31389582,Posted: 27 April,all,Mr. Jefferson,Yeah it's some entertaining♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198044286142,Recommended,232090,31640097,Posted: 8 May,all,White Chocolate,Fell in love with the first game when I recieved it as a gift and doubly fell in love with this as soon as it was available.
76561198238820312,Recommended,232090,31723298,Posted: 13 May,all,Canopus,"you think this game is another L4D?you are wrong my friendthis game has so many classes and perks and it feels so f**king good to play each oneand I think It wont be boring cause every match feels unique and it super fun playing high difficulty matches.and let me tell you sth, who does not like to be a super powerfull mutant boss and kill the survivors? :D"
76561198113832804,Recommended,232090,31780830,Posted: 15 May,all,k e v i n,pretty fun game. lots of perks and guns. lots of killing. great graphics and smooth gameplay. perfect controller support. tons of maps.downsides are there are only a few bosses and a few gametypes. not many people play anything besides normal mode and it isn't that hard
,Recommended,232090,31815220,Posted: 17 May,all,Bunny,"i like this game, its like a practice for the real zombie apocalipse you know in 2 years give or take"
76561198066816419,Recommended,232090,31896350,Posted: 21 May,all,Don Ramon,The game were it's soo satisfying to pop heads!
76561198034069114,Recommended,232090,26139173,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Edgy Sushi,"The best zombie FPS i have ever played, love this game because of: different roles/perks, weapons, and character customization.Currently, this game only has one game mode, survival mode. Survive until the last wave, aka boss fight. Simple game mode but with intense gameplay, shoot any zombies u see, or slice them into pieces with melee weapons, its up to u, the whole place will be decorated with zombie's blood, u wont regret for what u have done.Graphic is okay, nothing much to say about the performance.A perfect game to play with friends (if u have any), party up and kill zombies together."
76561198144012118,Recommended,232090,26145443,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,✪ GkS ✪,"1st This game is sick2nd Soo much Gore, bloods, guts, brains and more to explode3rd Just  enjoy the music in this game and kill all Zed's"
,Recommended,232090,26471863,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,FeeJetSpeener,"Short review:Pros:-Gameplay:--Enemies are smart; maps made by developers look great and feel great - play smart, learn the map, or get dead if♥♥♥♥♥♥goes down; weapons have ""impact""; game is being balanced by people that are actually good at it, understand how it works and are willing to listen to their community.-Graphics:--Sequel looks much, MUCH better than the original. Lighting (sometimes greatly affects gameplay, because players and Zeds can destroy light sources) is great. Weapons look amazing. Each blood splatter that you make by exploding someone's head becomes a part of the map, during last waves everything around is going to be crimson red, especially if there is a demolitionist on your team. Enemy animations and models(an hitboxes linked to them) are superb. Also, I can run it on my 7 years old machine so optimization is pretty good too.-Sound:--Weapons sound great, so do the enemies and music.Cons:-Not enough weapons and maps.-You have to play with friends to truly enjoy it.My wall of text:At first Killing Floor 2 seems superior to it's predecessor in every way. But, after you spend some time with it, you can notice that it still loses to original game in some ways. It doesn't mean that KF 2 is worse than KF, no, actually, for me, it's opposite. And when you launch it for the first time after playing original Killing Floor, sequel looks incredible. It's beautiful and everything has that ""Umph!"" that just makes it feel right.CustomizationAside from new characters you have your classic characters like Mr Foster or Classic Masterson. But this time you can customize them. Good stuff, right? Well, if you are willing to pay 2,49$ to get yourself a key to open some weird crate or ""decode an USB"" - it sure is. I never liked systems like this, but if it keeps game going - whatever. Still, RNGesus is everywhere and in my opinion - it's pretty bad. Of course, you can get a random skin/cosmetic for free, after you finish an operation or 2, but so far I only got 2 common AA-12 skins and 4 Bandanas. So yeah, bring out your dosh or pray to RNGesus and grind your♥♥♥♥♥off. Some people might say that cosmetics do not matter, but I can't agree with them on that, simply because these still affect you in some way, for example - these items affect your overall enjoyment of the game.WeaponsNow that we're done with CS:GO stuff, let's move to guns themselves. Guns look, sound and feelgreat! Each weapon, aside from starting pistol, looks powerful and usually, get's it's job done. But! There are simply not enough weapons. And because weapons are linked to Perks(classes), it affects gameplay greatly. Take Support Perk(guy that provides team with ammo, locks up doors and uses shotguns), for example. You start the game with a SG-500 pump action shotgun, you kill stuff, get through waves, you buy yourself a Double-barreled Boomstick. You kill even more stuff and you have to decide - you can buy yourself a M4 shotgun, OR you can skip it, save the money, and buy AA-12. No matter what you choose, during last waves you will probably have Double-barreled Boomstick, AA-12 and something else, if your carrying capacity allows. There is simply no reason to NOT get yourself an AA-12, aside from personal preferences. Also, I just listed all of the support weapons in the game. Yep. 4 shotguns. That's it. At first it doesn't sound so bad - straight-forward upgrade of your main weapon. But then you get through 50 games with the same setup and it just feels boring. Of course, you can switch Perks and all that, but that doesn't change anything. Because most Perks have same issue. There are simply no ""sidegrades"" for them, only direct upgrades(in terms of weaponry). And as you level up, it get's harder and harder not to notice that.PerksPerks themselves are a little bit different from the ones that were presented in the original game. Sharpshooter doesn't use pistols anymore. Gunslinger does. There are also new perks, Gunslinger, like I already said, is the perk that uses pistols, mostly akimbo pistols. SWAT - SMG perk with some defensive and offensive abilities. And Survivalist - Jack of all trades, that is not released at the moment of me writing this review. Leveling up is not as grindy as it was before. Each five levels you can pick 1 skill out of 2, that will sometimes greatly affect your playstyle - that system is not as straightforward, as it sounds. You have to decide between dealing damage or being able to withstand more damage, carrying more ammo/having larger clip capacity, or being able to reload Perk weapons faster. However, you can change your skills in-between waves, so don't worry about reading guides on how to not screw your character. I, myself, like that system, but some Perks feel much weaker than others to me. But that's probably my own issue, I just have to ""git gud"". And I am also sulking over Gunslinger and Sharpshooter not being as easy to play as, as before.Zeds and difficulty levels.Killing Floor 2 does a much better job at being truly difficult, compared to the original game. Of course, bullet-spongy Zeds have their charm, but to me, it was always just a big pile of bs. Killing Floor 2 makes enemies faster, deadlier and smarter with each difficulty step up. On normal enemies just rush at you, making it easy to kill them off or just run past them. On hard difficulty enemies are a bit faster and deal more damage, but still are pretty easy to deal with. But on Suicidal you will notice how movement patterns of enemies change. Alpha Clots will buff and speed up weaker zeds around them, while rushing at you, jumping over obstructions. Slashers will dodge-roll your shots, getting closer and closer to you, before unleashing powerful attacks. Crawlers will spread around you, move out of your line of fire when you aim at them, or even when you turn on your flashlight. Gorefasts, Bloats(after Bloat explodes it will leave acid mines on the ground - walk over it and you know what's going to happen), Scrakes and Fleshpounds use their metallic weapons to protect their heads. Husks use their flame cannons as flamethrowers that melt both your armor and health at close range. They can also go full kamikaze at low health, running up to you, and exploding in blazing inferno. And Stalkers - those are the worst. Not only they move extremely fast, they also dodge your attacks constantly and appear from your left or right, even though second ago they were right in front of you. They jump and spin during their attacks, sometimes making it hard to hit them with anything, unless it's a giant hammer, shotgun or a grenade launcher. There are currently 2 bosses - good ol' Patriarch(not that different from one in the original game) and Dr. Hans Volter. Bosses, however, do not change as much, considering the difficulty settings. Just like in the original game, their health scales with the amount of players. Aside from that - they are preatty easy to deal with.Overall, Killing Floor 2 is a great game. I couldn't enjoy it to it's fullest, because none of my friends have it and I had to play alone or with randoms. But even so, I like that game and consider it to be a great sequel to it's predecessor."
76561198028473259,Recommended,232090,27067836,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ymgodi,Fantastic game to play alone or with buddies. Kill stuff and enjoy the gibs!
76561198064606998,Recommended,232090,27086760,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Devil,"Its an amazing game with nice graphics,awesome soundtracks wich fits into the athmosphere love it,im also writting this review for ""The Steam Awards"" badge"
76561198075537689,Recommended,232090,27684690,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ShadowWolf,"Killing Floor 2 looks alot like Killing Floor 1. Brutal and action-packed co-op zombie shooter, but Killing Floor 2 has some good improvements. Every zed has got a special animation and special skills, the graphics are gorgeous, the sountrack really fits into the game, you got a few extra perks, every perk can specialise in different things and the game mechanics are nice.There's only one big difference in Killing Floor 2. The big difference is the style of killing the zeds, because Killing Floor 1 was alot more tactical. Killing Floor 2 is based on speed & high damage.If you want to buy a good game i would recommend Killing Floor 2. It's overal a 'improved' version of Killing Floor 1 and it's great for gaming with friends!"
,Recommended,232090,27687787,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,lcd ☺,"Not quite the same charm as the first iteration, but never the less its still manages to capture the same feeling and excitement as the first one. As far as sequels go, there have been much worse and if you are looking for a zombie/horde killing them this will fit the bill very nicely."
,Recommended,232090,27748207,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Shinrin-yoku,"If you're looking for co-op shooter with lot of blood and gore, buy it. It's fun and challenging, and lot of different classes and playstyles is something I love."
76561198005364973,Recommended,232090,27775206,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,cwheeler415,"Even better than the original. Better graphics, more character customization, more configuration for each perk (class); highly recommended if you enjoy the genre and worth a try even if you don't."
,Recommended,232090,27827779,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sneacky,Good sequel
,Recommended,232090,27932089,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Quarz,"One of my favourite games currently, it is so good if you like fps, gore, horror, zombie/mutant waves :p"
76561198065438750,Recommended,232090,27956770,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,UH Chrys,just play it.it will destroy your life
,Recommended,232090,28000394,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,LulzZelda,more zed's remain
76561198111746714,Recommended,232090,28010008,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Midnight Tyrannosaurus,best game
,Recommended,232090,28215892,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Sad,"I love this game I really do, could use a bit more guns! bring bake the Dragon Breath Uzi's!!!"
,Recommended,232090,28421263,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,eX.Rainbow,"This game is so fun, dont even look at the "" Not Recommended "" comments.Just buy it!,its awesome and its too much fun :)))"
,Recommended,232090,28691842,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rancid Ogre,An amazing game.
76561197996361756,Recommended,232090,28761952,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,eXo,"Fun game when you just want to relax and just jump into action without thinking, just shooting. I like it"
76561197983203939,Recommended,232090,28787279,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ed',"I played since early acces:+Great gameplay mechanics, from zed natural movement to the beauty of killing them with perfect background music-The grind, while it is improved it's still bad.-The matchmaking is bad, realllly bad.+Mods, custom maps and all that, and you actually progress while playing them so it's pretty good+The new perks are actually ok, gunslinger(cowboy) and swat(smg-boy) are fun enough."
,Recommended,232090,28799515,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,BOY,"One of the most intense, tingle-inducing, exciting zombie killing games I've ever played.I actually take that back; it is most certainly the most intense and exciting zombie killing game I've ever played."
76561198048894117,Recommended,232090,29330679,Posted: 17 January,all,adubiskadubis,"Awesome game, one of the best zombie-shooting games out there. The mechanics are very refined, and different classes play very differently. My only negative by now is the lack of bosses (curretly there are only 2)."
76561198041274285,Recommended,232090,29381827,Posted: 20 January,all,NoObject,"So, it took a long time for it to happen but a little while ago KF2 finally got out of early access and was fully released.  I stayed away from it for a while at first, because my experience with the game during early access was pretty disappointing.  After playing KF for a long time, I had high hopes for KF2 but at the time those hopes weren't delivered upon.  There weren't many classes and the ones that did exist weren't super fun.  I pretty much just played Medic at the time because the others were either not fun or I didn't like the guns they had.  After a while I gave KF2 another chance after the full release and I must say that I am very exceptionally pleased.  I feel like the development team has improved upon or fixed any of the gripes I had with the game before.  The game now feels a lot more fun and fresh with all the new classes and maps.  I enjoy playing this game and will definitely put as many hours into as I had the original if not more.Important things to note for players coming from the first game:The gameplay is completely different.  KF had a very methodical and patient feel to it, or at least I felt like it did.  You didn't ever want to get hit or else you were either dead or severely wounded.  I always played on Hard because it felt like the best balance of difficulty.  I considered moving up to harder difficulties, but without a dedicated team it would be pretty sketchy.  I loved the sharpshooter class the most because it allowed me to be calm and slow, yet effective.  However, in KF2, things have changed drastically.  First of all, every Zed can sprint at you in some way.  As opposed to the first game, it is hard to outrun Zeds far enough to take pot shots at them.  The maps in KF2 are also a lot smaller and close quarters than the ones from the original game.  Fast Zeds + limited space = very stressful introduction.  If you come from KF expecting things to be as slow as they were before, you're going to have a bad time.  I know I did when I first started playing KF2.  Before, the strategy was ""Don't get hit"", but now the strategy is ""Hit them before they hit you"".  Running and gunning is  a lot more viable if not the best playstyle in KF2.  Learn the maps, leave yourself plenty of escape routes, and for the love of god learn to bash.For those who have never played Killing Floor before:If you're new to KF in general, I don't reccomend you play the original before playing this one if you are interested in the series.  I love both the games, but they feel completely different.  If you prefer a fast paced survival game, KF2 has got you covered, but if you like to be a bit more methodical then KF is your game.If you enjoy FPSs at all, this game is a good way to help you build some teamwork skills and good sportsmanship.  Don't join a game and be a toxic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because you'll just get kicked out.If you like Survival games and are just ok with shooters then stick to ""Normal"".  It's pretty easy to get into and learn while hard enough to not just be a garunteed free win every time.There is also a VS mode where one team can play as Zeds, but I think it is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ at the time of this review.  It feels super unbalanced and some of the people who play it are just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.  You'll pretty much only see max level players in that mode so it is essentially late game content for a casual player.  I don't reccomend it until some tweaks are made to make it more fun.  My main issue with it is that the Zed players can sprint 100% of the time which is ♥♥♥♥ing dumb if you aren't playing a class with bonus movespeed.  If you're playing a class like demo and a player gets a Bloat, they can just sprint at you and vomit constantly making it hard to see and really hard to kill anything with any sort of accuracy while burning you alive.  I think they should have a sprint bar or something, because jesus ♥♥♥♥ sprinting is OP as a Zed."
76561198296239078,Recommended,232090,29436148,Posted: 22 January,all,Player 1,"After a long day of school, work, or whatever it may be, blowing heads off zeds in a post-apocalyptic world is the best way to blow off steam"
,Recommended,232090,29449049,Posted: 23 January,all,Psyduck main,A Really Good Time Killing Game! Aslong You Have Friends To Play With Its Fun!
76561198320616761,Recommended,232090,29451329,Posted: 23 January,all,idektbh,"nothing to say about this, this is a very addicting,and fun game"
,Recommended,232090,29954677,Posted: 15 February,all,Sway Spoolin | Slanted,"I dont have that much time invested into this game so ill keep this review short, its fun! good luck and i hope this helps!"
76561197990021143,Recommended,232090,29999688,Posted: 17 February,all,vw,Top recommendation for a casual coop game with friends. Awesome music and special effects aswell.
76561198110849927,Recommended,232090,30131282,Posted: 23 February,all,A Duckling,This game is absolutly AMAZING! A must get for any COD Zombies players or Left For Dead 2 players. Must get for anyone looking for a great game to play with friends. Have fun Zombie hunting!
,Recommended,232090,30308153,Posted: 3 March,all,Enderk1ller,I rate this game 9/10 it's a great zombie apocolpce video game.
76561198093251071,Recommended,232090,30350770,Posted: 5 March,all,THEY'RE WEAK TO FIRE,"Great, fast-paced action. Some of the best gun-play I've ever had in a game, best gun (reload) sounds I've ever heard as well. Amazing body destruction physics and detail. Somewhat considered easier than KF1, but enemies definately have personality and each hold a unique presence on the field with more complex AI than before, especially with more dynamic changes in higher difficulties. The player VS Zed mode is also fun, though a bit unbalanced currently. New HOE/Suicidal enemies are a great suprise and challenge. Also, 2 bosses this time."
76561198157561474,Recommended,232090,30519414,Posted: 14 March,all,KURUMI MARRY ME,♥♥♥♥♥get wild after round 4
,Recommended,232090,30660850,Posted: 21 March,all,Yoozero,"Haven't played the first one but this is a great game!Gory, non-stop waves of zombies to kill.ProsMany classes and character customization availableMany maps to playSteam workshopGood playerbase. Connectivity to games is good.ConsBoss variety are limited. Hopefully new bosses are added in future patches"
,Recommended,232090,30669001,Posted: 22 March,all,killer_abhi,it is an awsome game as it is and it got even more awsomeafter the descent update........................
76561198045938365,Recommended,232090,30706792,Posted: 24 March,all,Gerrit IG88,"I'm one of those 'veterans' that played the original killing floor quite a few hours, then got a new computer and never reinstalled it. I noticed the alpha release of KF2 and consciously decided to wait until its official release to buy it.It's been almost 100 hours now and I'm happy with the game, all things considered it's an worthy successor of the previous game some specific remarks:- The visuals have improved A LOT. Besides the next generation of graphics in general I must praise their use of motion capture as well. When I read that they were going to use motion capture for creating the movements of the creatures and the use of the weapons (reloads and such) I didn't think it was going to make much of a difference but I was wrong, the game feels smoother and more natural and the ZEDs are cool to see.- Perk leveling felt a bit tedious, especially now that there are even more perks. The addition of an extra skill every 5 levels helped. I do feel that the ZED-time bonuses are wildly different depending on the perk, ranging from barely useful to super powerful.- As long as you have a good connection (or play solo), weapons usage (both melee and guns) are very responsive and smooth.- There's little to no storyline in this game, so beware if this is what you want in a game! The concept is, on paper,  actually pretty repetitive. The game is based around action, teamwork, strategy and skill (depending on the perk) and variation comes from map choices and choosing different perks. And that part can be fun as hell.- To the old KF veterans: this game is much more 'mobile' than the previoius one! Holding out in one spot is much harder than it's used to be and you'll find yourselves running and kiting for dear life much more often!- The Versus mode is inbalanced, chaotic and weird but also fun as hell. I'm not sure whether they'll ever truly be able to balance it out like they could on survival mode but I don't mind as long as it's fun."
,Recommended,232090,30800367,Posted: 28 March,all,☠rodib☠,gg
,Recommended,232090,30891225,Posted: 1 April,all,U Fokin Wot M8,"This game is great. The graphics can be desired, but cards and optimizers can easily fix this problem if you are a stickler. There is variety, brutal decapitations, and creative zombies or, 'Zeds' to fight.Plus, zombies dude. Come on, who doesn't love a zombie survival game? Especially one this good. I most definitely reccomend. Best money I've ever spent on Steam."
,Recommended,232090,30922366,Posted: 3 April,all,pmc,pew pew zombies go boom
,Recommended,232090,30925463,Posted: 3 April,all,ShawnPR1,I can't seem to level up any of my perks. Might have something to do with my physical vision being obscured by physical headbanging.Physx blood. After playing this game the blood wasn't the only thing that was dripping everywhere.
,Recommended,232090,30932835,Posted: 3 April,all,Drew-Drew,"Good with friends, better with nontoxic players.I hope they add more content other than 2 bosses."
76561198046599273,Recommended,232090,30937737,Posted: 4 April,all,deadwalk1,"Ive been playing killing floor 1 for 5 years now, so naturally when I found out that there was going to be a killing floor 2 I started geeking out and counting down the days for it to be released.  When I finally got my hands on this game I started it up right away. Of course it was in early development so I wasnt expecting all the classes to be there.  Everything was pretty much the same as killing floor 1; then I played in hell on earth difficulty, thats when I realised that we are no longer in Kansas.  Legit ran around the map in fear.Amazing game, keep up the great work!"
76561198050864074,Recommended,232090,31393186,Posted: 27 April,all,Danny,unbelievable shooting game ever!!Do play this if you like FPS games and killing zombiezzzzzzz!!!!
76561198163988987,Recommended,232090,31431775,Posted: 28 April,all,KruptedHEX,"Only thing this games needs now is more guns and characters from KF1.The gameplay, the graphics,the SFX ,the details of the guns, the voice acting for the characters, the Maps, aside from the bad optimization for the NVIDIA FleX* that it has currently, but if you have a killer RIG you should have no problem with it but it seems even with a single GTX 1070 there's a few dips here and there while having everything set on VERYHIGH which is great. (just turning off FleX while having everything on VERY HIGH still runs smoothly)I'm not really mad about TWI for brining in the Loot boxes into the game for the Skins and Cosmetics unlike what they had form the Origional KF1 where you could straight out buy them right away from the market without the dropchance because the loot box system from a business prespective is good I mean a lot of the games do it nowadays, you're not being forced to buy them if you do not wish to, infact you can have a chance of getting a Lootcrate or a Key and Cosmetics everydays if you win a round but you can get the cool looking Weapon Skins, Cosmetics and such from the market if it's on sale (TWI do rotations for these items but it takes a long time because there's not a lot of Cosmetics/Skins out there yet) or if you want via Steam market or the Lootcrate system with your own money, but I can also understand why a lot of people were mad about it but i'm not gonna go into too much details.Overall it's a really good game that's lives up to it's predecessor, currently it just needs more guns and more Zeds, also TWI is working on the 3rd Boss, hopefully it's well on it's way and we'll get to see it soon."
76561198242566428,Recommended,232090,33265674,Posted: 5 July,all,JERBEAR,"If you love zombie killing games, you will love killing floor, its one of those early access games that KEEPS ITS PROMISE of finishing the game. Content is slow but does arrive!"
76561198088833405,Recommended,232090,34119002,Posted: 8 August,all,Shinigamijoe,"similar to first, same concept at the least so if you liked that one you'll probably like this one, more of the same with better graphics"
,Recommended,232090,34216586,Posted: 13 August,all,Wildfire,A Family Friendly game where you try to run away and murder friendly people trying to give you hugs.
76561198097564507,Recommended,232090,34470768,Posted: 24 August,all,joe,is good
,Recommended,232090,34728218,Posted: 3 September,all,Lord of Lemons,"Takes a bit to get into, and needs friends for a good experience, but after that it's one of the best horde shooter games I've played."
,Recommended,232090,34766294,Posted: 5 September,all,valyxe,85/100
76561198079817481,Recommended,232090,34981184,Posted: 15 September,all,ImmyA_7,Sequel to an already awesome game. Now with controller support
76561198163098730,Recommended,232090,26123752,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,ogmarksman,i like it alot
76561198038453060,Recommended,232090,26396478,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Schlemihl,"I recommend this game for all those who played and liked Killing Floor 1. The killing floor feeling (the panic when the flash pound enters the area for example) still remains. Graphic is very good (although for me the graphic is often the least important aspect of a game as long as it is smooth by enough frames per second).As I live in Germany I would like to state, the game is uncut and will stay uncut at release."
76561198042134512,Recommended,232090,26589271,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,OtherUther,"This game is probably one of the coolest games i have played so far!The whole game is just awesome explosions,gore and funny characters. 8/8 is gr8 would r8 again."
,Recommended,232090,26989012,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Duckty,"Killing Floor 2 is an action-filled, blood and gore-fest co-op zombie shooter just like the original, Killing Floor. If you are a fan of the original, you will definitely love the sequel. The strategy and gameplay hasn't changed much but the sounds, animations and graphics to name a few have improved.For those who aren't familar with Killing Floor and its style, the game is wave based surivial with 1-6 players (Upto 20+ players on modded servers/lobbies) fighting hordes of enemies made up of mutated humans and rampant experiments known as ""Zeds"" that are out to wipe you and your squad of players out, as you defeat more waves, the stronger the ""Zeds"" become, to counter this you MUST buy armour and better weapons, after a certain amount of waves based on game length chosen a boss ""Zed"" will spawn that you MUST defeat, the game ends in either a Victory with you defeating the boss or a Defeat with your entire squad getting killed at any point during a match.Some Pros and Cons to this game are...+Pros+More perks as well as unique skills to them that you can choose (10 as of this review) compared to KF1 which had 7+Improved graphics and animations+Improved sounds and soundtrack+BLOOD, GUTS AND GORE+New and old characters+Steam workshop+New VS mode (PvP where players can be the ""Zeds"")+Friendly community (unless you join a Hell on Earth server as a level 0 player or get salty over dying from teammates being unable to help because you ran away from them)-Cons-Still a bit of a grindfest with perks (roughly the same time to reach max level perk as KF1)-Low level players joining higher difficulty servers (not a game problem, just a community/player problem)-Major updates CAN be few and far-ZEDconomy aka Micro Transactions (Personally I don't mind this since it doesn't affect gameplay as it's only cosmetics in the ZEDconomy, plus you can get the cosmetics randomly from finishing a match)Overall Killing Floor 2 is a great game for a co-op shooter full of gore whether you play solo or with friends online, 8/10 would recommend!"
76561197975767347,Recommended,232090,27067672,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SquirrelSlayer,Kick♥♥♥♥♥kicking♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,232090,27079737,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,g0mpin,"This game is an all-round improvement from KF1 in my opinion. It looks great now but it also runs very well, there are a few places on some maps that pull down my fps but never below 60-70 (i5 4670k and SLI 780's).The leveling system is much more rewarding in terms of class improvement and perks you get to pick every 5 levels inform how you play a particular class and how you interact with your team.The gun play is fun and varies a lot between the classes but I wish there were more options available to each class,  4-5 choices per class is a bit limited but hopefully it'll be increased over time.I'd give this a solid 8.5/10"
76561198021761269,Recommended,232090,27630984,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Anirlon,"It's those lovable freaks you love to kill, the Zeds©."
,Recommended,232090,27725794,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Shrek the President,Kill opaque ghouls.  Have fun.  Don't be a nerd.
76561198011010952,Recommended,232090,27743084,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr. Shrapnel,"Simply and by far the goriest and bloodiest game ive ever played. The gun handeling and feel is amazing, zed design is brilliant and intimidating.Easily my absolute favorite horde shooter.BONUS: Enable full Nvidia flex, get a M79 and laugh as your GPU cries itself to sleep from the amount of blood & bone fragments it has to render."
76561198045643328,Recommended,232090,27744775,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Labet1001,The game is good but needs more to it.
,Recommended,232090,27747302,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FЯOST,Fun casual game
,Recommended,232090,28029034,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CJD,"A near universal improvement upon the original, Killing Floor 2 capitalizes on an innnate sense of glee in mindless violence and gore. Few things are more satisfying than buckshotting a wave of mutants as a support, or blowing heads off one by one as a sharpshooter."
,Recommended,232090,28084837,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,McSkeeto,Best zombi.... I..I mean ZED game ever! 10/10
76561198062160753,Recommended,232090,28195550,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,rustymaan,A masterpiece of gore.
76561198078986724,Recommended,232090,28219908,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Fookin Laser Soight,"Great game, runs very well and looks very good. Its Left 4 Dead but much more gore and realistic weapon mechanics. Can be repetitive but is fu nwith friends.Cons:Patriarch needs a BIG nerf. Too much resistance to damage and deals WAY TOO much damage. You are better off if you are the only one alive to quit.Copy Cat CSGO microtransactionsWhy do I have to do an aditional step to install a mod from the workshop?Needs more bosses so that I dont fight Hans over and over or the overpowered Patriarch"
,Recommended,232090,28659682,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,fiZy,:)
76561198056013143,Recommended,232090,28763688,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mr. Wood,"Loved the first one and love the sacand. A great game to de-stress, solo or with friends, sober or drunk it's a fun time anyway. Good graphics, smooth working and lots of beautiful gore. Guns are done amaizinglt plus the beautifull soundtrack same as in the Killing Floor (1)."
76561198351543388,Recommended,232090,28870620,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kingsman7869,Best zombie shooting game.
,Recommended,232090,28988743,Posted: 3 January,all,timelordjwills,I dont have many hours in this game yet so far tho i really like it the guns are awsomeish the graphics are decent and the music is good aswell my only issue is how bugy the game is some times it takes me 4-5 times just to start it it always ends up not responding and crashing (only game I have with this issue) and then when im in the middle of fighting some times itll act really lagy even in solo but those so far are my only issues with the game I deff recommend it if you dont mind a repetitve game
,Recommended,232090,28992068,Posted: 3 January,all,V5,Great game tried the game for free before i pay for itdefinitely worth buying.
76561198351455410,Recommended,232090,29017794,Posted: 4 January,all,super.succ.DLUCC,♥♥♥♥ing AMAZING
,Recommended,232090,29052032,Posted: 5 January,all,Mind Blown Morty,+1
76561198013653124,Recommended,232090,29148647,Posted: 9 January,all,Blast Shield Buddy,"I've had an absolute blast playing this game. Its a fairly simple zombie shooter on the surface, but digging in deeper reveals more strategies and playstyles. The different Perks (AKA Classes) all provide unique bonuses that can change your individual match drastically both with their bonuses and weapons. For example, the Fire Bug excels at wiping out groups of basic Zeds but is far less useful against larger enemies. Meanwhile the Beserker can go toe-to-toe with these more dangerous foes but cannot handle large swarms as well. The theme and atmosphere are great as well, and the diffferent characters give good personality to what could be ""just another zombie game"". I also really enjoy some of the subtle humor present in character quote, weapon descriptions, menus, and maps themselves. The animations are smooth and detailed, the gore and dismemberment are pure visceral eye candy, and the heavy metal soundtrack fits the theme and atmosphere perfectly.My main complaints come to the amount of content. The gameplay is excellent, but compared to some other games the number of weapons, characters, maps, and enemies are pretty limited. The weapons all fill specific roles, but it can get kind of boring using the same 4 shotguns over and over and over. Many of the Zed types are fairly similar (Cysts, Clots, Alpha Clots, and Slashers) which kind of adds to the slightly lackluster enemy roster. There are custom maps thanks to the workshop, but more official maps would be nice as well.There are also micro transactions for cosmetic items. If you are familiar with TF2's crate system, this is basically the same. You can randomly earn a crate, which will contain one of a select number of cosmetic items. You buy a key, unlock the crate, and hope for the best. There is a crafting system, but I have yet to use it or really even look at it. You can also earn cosmetic items just for playing, so its not entirely tied to crates.All in all, I really enjoy playing this ame and would recomend it to any zombie or wave survival FPS fan."
,Recommended,232090,29309558,Posted: 16 January,all,Renekage,A worthwile experience if you have 5 other friends :DYou also get steam items if you are into this thing.
,Recommended,232090,29321566,Posted: 17 January,all,Mr. D Gaf,Another zombie shooter so what makes this one special?  It's intense!  10 classes are selectable to round out your team. Each perk (class) has its own weapons that it specializes with but is able to use any weapon in game to help your team. Level each perk 25 levels and small performance increases that make a big difference. The gun play is what stands out. From shooting to reloading the attention to detail is fantastic. Make every shot count wasting ammo can lead death. After you do die you can watch the rest of the fight which is just as awesome as being in it. 30$ full price offers plenty of bang for your buck.
,Recommended,232090,29400093,Posted: 21 January,all,EnjoyCoke,YAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!
,Recommended,232090,29411246,Posted: 21 January,all,nessimonster,a lot of fun to pass the time
76561198337931534,Recommended,232090,29432488,Posted: 22 January,all,єmmєɹlıɔɥ,Bought it today and i found it definitely worth! cool to play with friends and the fear not to get ganked!
76561198200387613,Recommended,232090,29436136,Posted: 22 January,all,GeometricAaron,Well worth the money
,Recommended,232090,29450025,Posted: 23 January,all,Sp00kiest Bones,"Yes, Yes ♥♥♥♥ing yes (It's worth it just for the gore/zombie killing trust me it's a lot of fun)"
,Recommended,232090,29544645,Posted: 28 January,all,Bastati,Good game with friends
76561198219628129,Recommended,232090,30099350,Posted: 22 February,all,ツ MR.Arrowツ,10/10 game
76561198041695875,Recommended,232090,30108014,Posted: 22 February,all,Milk Man,Its a really fun horde shooter.  If you like payday or left 4 dead you will like this game.
76561198171151141,Recommended,232090,30469964,Posted: 12 March,all,dubes_kd,Blood and guts!! Good stuff
,Recommended,232090,30475683,Posted: 12 March,all,Ren Calibre,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=882343416""...Collapsing in on yourselfI don't know why I tryCollapsing in on yourselfI don't know why you deny...""10 Demon Hunters of 10"
76561197997395683,Recommended,232090,30532455,Posted: 15 March,all,❈ KK ❈,"Very good game that will keep you busy for a long time. If you enjoyed KF1 you will love this one!The only downsite I can see so far is that they didn't put it the objectives game mode as they have in KF1 yet, I really hope they will put that in KF2. Great game but needs more players, who wants to enjoy it with the rest of us. Worth every penny, even if at full price. I prepurchased this game myself when it was first released and I'm still playing it."
,Recommended,232090,30641401,Posted: 20 March,all,GG la patate,Very metal and edgy 10/10
,Recommended,232090,30659660,Posted: 21 March,all,bobmartien .-,"Blood, SlowMo, Blood, Blood, SlowMo and Blood again.This game is fully ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I love it."
76561198038978118,Recommended,232090,30678071,Posted: 22 March,all,{$ir}TameAHo,"I run, I shoot, I bunny hop, I turn a corner, I get scared, I sh!t my pants, I clean up, I run some more, I bunny hop some more, I shoot some more.Moral of the story....Carry spare underwear."
76561198105174806,Recommended,232090,30764521,Posted: 26 March,all,Sfin,"Fun game with lots of different ways to play, its what I miss about COD black ops zombies before they started adding in all kinds of easter eggs and rediculous puzzles. Only 2 game modes atm which is Survival(waves) and VS Survival which is 2 teams one playing as the zeds which is fun. Only seen 2 different bosses so there could be more variety there and also could see the gameplay getting repetitive rather quickly, but overall fun zombie slaying with some friends"
76561198113291506,Recommended,232090,30775237,Posted: 27 March,all,Pickle Rick!!!,"Great game. Good combat. Satisfying. Fun.Oh yeah, and it has a CSGO-like case opening system and skin drops to keep the game addictive.What more could you want for a game of this price?You're really getting your moneys worth with this purchase.edit: Amazing new update!"
76561198083509463,Recommended,232090,30806758,Posted: 28 March,all,Vladimir Lenin,"(I've only played around 15 hours so this review is subject to change)  From what I have experienced...this game is really f*cking fun. With quite a handful of maps, (13, I think) each one of them completely different from the last, and hours of replay, this game will satisfy even the most hungry of Zed-Killers. All classes vary, and all of the weapons feel satisfying. My only gripes with the game is that there is only two bosses, (this will probably change with updates) which means after you've played each boss a few times, it's gets a little stale. And the developers have added mircotransactions, but they are only cosmetic. (Resembles CS:Go skin system, but has added character apperance changes) Nonetheless, if you're looking for a game where you can blow skulls to shreds, send corpses flying through the air like ragdolls, tear limbs off with raw firepower, burn Zeds to a crisp, etc, then this is THE game for you. As far as I know, not a lot of games have perfected this genre like Killing Floor, and with more updates on the way, the game can only get better from here.       Thanks, Vladimir"
76561198324176341,Recommended,232090,30852054,Posted: 31 March,all,CORGIS ARE LIFE,great game would  like friends to play it 10/10
76561198008564962,Recommended,232090,30926553,Posted: 3 April,all,Pikarie,"if you liked the first one, this one is even better.plenty of perks to choose from, many guns.good dificulties"
,Recommended,232090,31237184,Posted: 19 April,all,SlipQaa69,Very fun game
76561198396416566,Recommended,232090,33604261,Posted: 17 July,all,Jukes,"Killing Floor 2 is the wonderful word of ""Zeds"" that submerges you into a horrifying Co-Op Survival game filled with immence gore and intense gameplay with cool unique features like""Zed Time"" watching monsters heads implode from your very bullet in slow motion has never been so enjoyable! If you like a good jump scare, epic FPS gameplay, well made combat system, with a balanced RPG gameplay that has unique character classes to develope, and the best gore on the market than this game has your name on it!You can NOT beat the $29.99 price when it comes to quality gameplay for the price this game is unsurpassed! So my fellow Steam friends if you haven't already purchased this game and are still reading this comment GTFO the comment page; scroll up then click ""Add to Cart"" right NOW! You truly won't regret it!"
76561198170028146,Recommended,232090,33646992,Posted: 19 July,all,foxtrotninerFOUR,really good game!
76561197987727138,Recommended,232090,34089217,Posted: 7 August,all,The John Wick,Perfect.
76561198079095035,Recommended,232090,34423028,Posted: 22 August,all,PETA,"Its an alright game if you enjoy gore, has a decent progression system too."
,Recommended,232090,35195777,Posted: 24 September,all,xThereon,"I absolutely adore this game, as well as the original. 10/10."
,Recommended,232090,35254487,Posted: 27 September,all,Hydronical,10/10 Most relaxing brutal murder ever!
76561197991902736,Recommended,232090,27701946,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[RG] Combine Overwatch {Lt.},Great wave based survival shooter
76561197994100208,Recommended,232090,27722238,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sifer2,"Killing Floor 2. It's a lot like Killing Floor 1 except prettier. Ok so there is also a not very well implemented Versus mode. And they added crates, and item drops. Oh, and there is an old Nazi guy in a power armor suit that throws gas grenades at you. Besides that it's mostly just Killing Floor. But better with more blood."
,Recommended,232090,27725867,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Panzerfaust,"The first game is still iconic and I'll never stop playing it, however, this game has upgraded the formula into something just as exciting but different."
76561198034352853,Recommended,232090,27770973,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BleeBlooBlah,This game is pretty fun. Solid FPS though sometimes it feels a bit clunky. Not really sure if I like this one or the first one more.
76561198107237122,Recommended,232090,27777566,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fatal Error,good
,Recommended,232090,27861869,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FireElemental,Hug him. Bring him back to Stalingrad.
76561198117326902,Recommended,232090,27875834,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,|AMG|Razor,Worth every penny.
76561198039623752,Recommended,232090,27879406,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Subject 18,is good
,Recommended,232090,27943740,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Desert Eagle,noice game
,Recommended,232090,27981056,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jempai,The best way to spend time when you just want to shoot stuff.
,Recommended,232090,28421837,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,White Badger Devil,Kill ZEDs in more ways than you can think of.
,Recommended,232090,28478419,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Rocket Bird,If Horrer Shooters are your thing then this game is the best game on steam. 10/10
76561198003040271,Recommended,232090,28632053,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ŇẮĝΔŤǾ™,Fun rage and creepy stuff buy it play it enjoy it :)
,Recommended,232090,28657304,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Vᴀʟᴠᴇ ★Joe★,"TL;DR AT THE BOTTOM--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------(I do have a LOT more hours than listed)Killing Floor 1 was a great game and the Developers, in the current state, have definitely lived up to or maybe even surpassed themselves (to some) on Killing Floor 2.Since people hate reading I'm going to just do bullets and what not.Pros:- Optimization:-- With my Nvidia GTX 765m I can play this game on Ultra graphics and it looks beautiful. (I'm the one to not care about graphics especially. So don't go, ""PUTS GRAPHICS ON TOP OF LIST HE ONLY CARES ABOUT THAT"" Cliché)- Gameplay:-- Not boring because it's basically a hack n' slash of FPSs. I played a while offline and eventually beat all the bosses on all difficulties solo. But once my friends got it it kicked back up again and more hours of fun.)-- The classes / perks are pretty alright and give you a chance to level♥♥♥♥♥♥if you are a ""BEAT THIS AND MOVE ON"" kind of person like I am. They also help you and your teammates in battle, so I mean yeah, helpful.-- Zeds (The zombies) have different styles which is neat.-- Bunches of new animations-- GORE ALL HAIL THE GORE!-- Balanced waves accordingly to difficulty.-- New Game Engine.- Difficulty:-- Can be easy for Normal difficulty for those normies.-- Can be super hard for those hardcore veterans.- SOUNDTRACK:-- Listen up, I can't say this enough, I love this game's soundtrack and therefore it gets a 10/10 for those sweet metal tracks. It really fits the atmosphere and suites the game well.Cons:-Gameplay-- Zed abilities are eh. To helpful to just yourself for all that work to unlock, or just bad in general.-- Game felt rushed out into early access. (But still took years to make.)- Micro Purchasing:-- Ruin the game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ transactions?-- Crafting...-- Steam market...- Classes-- Not really that balanced considering the Auto Shotty Support mows as much as your commando buddy over there.-- People Online suck and usually will kick you for some stupid reason or for being bad which is not a good way to introduce someone into a community (That won't be added to the final score though).- Maps:-- I personally don't like these close quarters maps. There could be a few more that are a little bigger and roomier. I understand that the hard aspect of the game would be taken away but adjustments could always be made.-- Trader pods are annoying. Understandable but annoying.- Developers:-- I like the developers (Tripwire for you that don't know) to an extent and I understand all these added stuff for money but communication is key and update logs and future update more available and at ease would be appreciated. I don't want to add slow updates in though because I know that developing is hard (But contradicting everything I just said, it's a bit slow.)-- *Ahem* ""Early Access"" How long you think you pulling that♥♥♥♥♥♥off?--- $30 hit my price limit for this game because of the bugs and early access ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Other:-- Customization is a neat touch (♥♥♥♥ the micro purchasing though. Make me earn it, not buy it.)I love this game, needs some work and it gets a 8.2 / 10.0--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------TL;DR:Get this game if you like mindless violence playing solo or with friends. It's fun. Or wait because it needs some work to be a real complete game. You decide."
76561198005266002,Recommended,232090,28665056,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[189th]Kaiser Hallocker,Bloody Good Time!
,Recommended,232090,28804231,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Swungsty,"Naked men massacre simulator, with occasional guest apperances by naked women."
,Recommended,232090,28867216,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,wikkhunter,One of the best games i ve played.
76561198103947173,Recommended,232090,28903468,Posted: 1 January,all,Captain Boredom,"Extremely fun game, not hard to pick everything up and plenty to do to bring you back."
,Recommended,232090,29382553,Posted: 20 January,all,xIslandGamerx,Just sit back and kill zombies. Team up with friends? What more could you want.
76561198048048796,Recommended,232090,29420344,Posted: 22 January,all,kierankent,good game
,Recommended,232090,29430832,Posted: 22 January,all,grind,"I'm going to tell you a story,Killing Floor 2, was a fantastic game. I say was because my enjoyment of the game has gone down. When I first purchased the game in January of 2016 I was amazed. The perks were balanced and the game was good. It was a game where you kill stuff nothing more nothing less. Then ZEDconomy came out. I thought it was pretty sweet. I've always been a fan of ingame collecting so I was pretty hyped. New maps were added, new characters, and then Gunslinger came out. I was pretty stoked. So I played Gunslinger and it was broken. No dispute when Slinger first came out it was broken. But the game was still balanced. The game never felt too easy even with the Gunslinger being able to knockdown everything and the .500 Mangums murdering everything. Then after a while a very dramatic shift happened. Berserker, my favorite perk next to Support was nerfed. Now I'm always one for nerfing and buffing in games, but this 'overhaul' I feel was too much. Essentially it removed the tankiness of the Bersker and made the Berserker a very weird and awkward perk to play as.After a while more perk overhauls were added. I wasn't used to these changes and I was not a fan either. I began to miss the days were each perk was so unique and niche, but then they slowly began to overlap. A lot of game mechanics were changed and rewritten. The one that made me quit was the rewrite for Hell on Earth. With more ammo drops, more Dosh, and Zed spawn changes; Hell on Earth became as easy as Normal to me. I quit because the game lost the sense of urgency and challenge.When Sharpshooter was released I came back and decided to give it a whirl. It was fun. I got roped back into the game for some time and decided I'd be here to stay for a little longer. More changes were made and then SWAT was released. SWAT destroyed the game. It was this point I began to question Tripwire as a developer. I remember telling my friend that I wanted to work for Tripwire so that I could smoke what they were smoking.Then Survivalist came out and I was done. It felt like such a copout. A perk that was good at nothing. Survivalist was and still is awful. It offers nothing to the game. If you want melee go Bersker. If you want Shotguns go Support. If you want Healing go Medic. Why bother going a perk with half the capabilities as the others.Killing Floor 2 is game that was one of the best PvE games on the market, but through odd changes and questionable choices became easier and easier. Not to mention the 0-25 level grind is mind numbing. In a PvE game I look for an easy base and a near impossible ceiling. The game was easy to pick up and easy to understand. It was hard to master and understand the mechanics. After a while the game became trivial.TL;DR: Killing Floor 2 was a good game to me. It is not a bad game. New players will enjoy it, but for Veterans such as myself; wthe changes were a bit too much. I would reccommend it to others for sure. I just hate a lot of the changes. It's not the same game and not as good as it used to be."
76561198115194763,Recommended,232090,29606696,Posted: 31 January,all,Viduus,"I originally got into zombie shooters back when Left 4 Dead came out, and KF2 is far and away the best game in the genre. It's the only one I've continued to play way back since KF1. Amazing game."
,Recommended,232090,29632973,Posted: 1 February,all,Twerk,"Last boss is wayyy harder than KF, but the challenge is nice."
76561198060795144,Recommended,232090,29822726,Posted: 10 February,all,DJPUMBER,If you played the first killing floor you'll love this.
,Recommended,232090,30093248,Posted: 21 February,all,carnage,best of the best zombie games..
,Recommended,232090,30110785,Posted: 22 February,all,OwnerKing,"love killing floor, love the community!"
,Recommended,232090,30166550,Posted: 25 February,all,Vuldo,If you liked KF then you'll absolutely love KF2. Generally speaking a very good multi-player fps with adrenalin pushing ingame music. I had to turn it off because I sometimes panicked and missed a lot of shots because of it.CHAINSAAAAAAAAAAW! Ruuuun! XDxoxo Vulds
76561198358088059,Recommended,232090,30187051,Posted: 25 February,all,HotStumpff,"Very great and fun game! Lots of different types of enemies, weapons, characters, and maps. Easy to pick up and learn. Each game is an intense and thrilling experience. I was hooked after about an hour of playing it."
,Recommended,232090,30296510,Posted: 3 March,all,MarshallGoren,"Pretty good fun, would like to see a variation of bosses though."
,Recommended,232090,30328449,Posted: 4 March,all,Truffle Butters,its good but not for my toaster comptuer
,Recommended,232090,30344295,Posted: 5 March,all,ｄｅｕｓ ｖｕｌｔ,i play the swordman and do the cuts
,Recommended,232090,30458865,Posted: 11 March,all,Jeepsus,"Played since early access, can say that the game shows no signs of stopping.PROS~Gunplay is top-tierTeamwork scales well with difficultyQuirky CharmHOT DAMN THE GOREWell optimizedCONS~Quick Play is iffy if you want to find a full gameLeveling up turns into a grind after 15Kill farm servers are too commonThe customization is largely based on market transactions/crates.Good game, pick it up. Especially if you have friends to goof with. Have fun!"
,Recommended,232090,30663267,Posted: 21 March,all,Mr. Skeltal,It's a great evolution on cooperative horde survival.
76561197990878725,Recommended,232090,30664730,Posted: 22 March,all,Big Sarge 4ID,great game
,Recommended,232090,30673945,Posted: 22 March,all,Halqu Utukku,Has a few bugs. Overall good game though.
76561198028601118,Recommended,232090,30702825,Posted: 24 March,all,A Mean Guy,"KF2 is a weird beast, it started off with high hopes, then as time went on, things went bleak.Bleak enough for the game to get a mixed rating.That was it, KF2 was doomed.But then something happened, the devs started playing ball again, and now...Well now it's damn good game. A worthy successor indeed."
,Recommended,232090,30738602,Posted: 25 March,all,ṁ̵̗̾ȁ̸̞l̵͙͂ệ̸_̵̲̩̆̄0̷̓͐ͅ9⎛ ⎠,good af end of story...
,Recommended,232090,30743352,Posted: 25 March,all,DankerGreen,"I saw that this had a free window to check it out, so I decided to check it out and downloaded it. The next day when I played the first time, I exited and went to pick up a steam card.10/10 would reccomend to any friend."
76561198035321104,Recommended,232090,30760832,Posted: 26 March,all,vendetta,never have i enjoyed headshots in a game like in this one!
76561198051243890,Recommended,232090,30763720,Posted: 26 March,all,smiptr,"Massive graphical improvement on the first Killing Floor, looks good on lowest settings. The levelling system is a lot more in depth this time and there are more classes/guns to choose from which I like.They've managed to find an even more annoying shop vendor voice the second time around, which is impressive.The maps are okay, some more real-world ones would have been fantastic, playing in a hell map seems a little silly, it'd be more relatable if it's a real place in the world.Biggest criticism is the difficulty to make private lobbies with your friends, you have to work out how to host a dedicated server if you want to play with just your friends- something they've actaully done worse than in the first Killing Floor.Overall, would recommend- has some flaws but it's still provided some fantastic moments and you can melt a whole day on it without realising"
,Recommended,232090,33253062,Posted: 4 July,all,Acϲelerąțǿr,You kill♥♥♥♥♥♥with metal in the background.No need to say more.666/666
76561198039441283,Recommended,232090,33656299,Posted: 19 July,all,deltatchief,"Guns, gore, chaos, death!"
76561198048293556,Recommended,232090,34424792,Posted: 22 August,all,bluesub6,love this game
76561198260135790,Recommended,232090,34449986,Posted: 23 August,all,MR. NINJAMONKEY,"Nothing but blood and guts!!! and i mean that in a good way! this game is highly addictive and you will get hooked in a heartbeat! many diffrent ways to play from the sharpshooter to the firebug, great high quality, gory fun time!!! I definrtly recommend!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198073680977,Recommended,232090,34583746,Posted: 29 August,all,wekky,"I would say almost better than the first with some exceptions.tl;dr KF2 is worth it if you liked KF or if you want to try something similar to LFD2I can't really say one is better than the other but if I had to pick one, I would say KF2. KF has more content simply because it's been out since 2009 and KF2 has CSGO style of case-opening so there's a point for the original 'Floor..... But I wouldn't say that's necessarily a good thing.The classes that existed in the game are not truly better or worse in this game as the class-specific weaponry seemed to be more enjoyable in a couple of ways... Commando, for example had more variety it seemed in weapons; tier 1 being the starting weapon: bullpup (L85a2), tier 2 having 4 weapons (DLC dependent :c) (M4, AK, Thompson SMG, Thompson Steampunk), and Tier 3 (FN FAL and Scar Mk 17). KF2 closes the content gap with its new and improved leveling system where the weapons are more heavily affected by how you outfit the class through perks.I enjoyed the M4 and AK so when I learned the M4 became a pistol-caliber varmint rifle, I hung my head in sorrow. But where this game lacks in pain-staking (in)consequential detail, it thrives in the dynamics of the class compared to the first. KF had singular leveling, levels 1-6 increasing in level by doing determined damage or specific zed kills (like Commando had to reach certain Stalker kills, Support needed door-welding, Sharpshooters needed headshots etc.). KF2 has 25 levels with perks gained every 5 levels. These perks add more interactions to the zeds (KF didn't have ZED-Time specific bonuses or special interactions like parrying attacks) so I would say it's an improvement overall. It also has ""time-specific"" perks like upgrades to knife and pistol to buff your first 3-4 waves at the expense of some buff to stronger weapons.This is just one example, but I would say that 90% of this game is the first game's charm but improved on a technical level.8.5/10 (Tripwire knows how to create solid gunplay: Rising Storm 1/2 and KF series)"
,Recommended,232090,35148236,Posted: 23 September,all,Doofy,"6-player co-op game that has private servers you can browse with mods and more maps. Also has 12-player Versus Survival mode, now you can BE the Zeds!Perks are designed very well. They are all fun to play. You may not like all of them, but i'm sure there is at least one perk for you. I personally love this game, it is super fun to play and blow ""ZEDs"" apart with Demolitionist or bashing them and slashing with Berserker. There are shooting based perks as well.Overall it is a fun game with just right ammount of gore. I would not mind more gore at all thou. In future i hope it will get more weapons. There are many weapons and they are fun to play, but some more in future would be nice.8 out of 10 ""8/10"" Would recommend for some monster slaying mayhem. There are plenty to kill and quite a few diffrent types of them."
,Recommended,232090,26058938,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,|D34(|-|`/,Awesome game. Unsure if it beats KF1 yet because of how good the mods are for kf1. But the graphics are absolutely insane and such an upgrade. Beautiful visuals and guns. :)
,Recommended,232090,26444695,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,gopherchucks,"i loved the first one and this one is more of the same, but in much nicer outfit. still challenging, even hard as it goes on"
76561198075515031,Recommended,232090,27085603,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HydraSalza,Not bad!
,Recommended,232090,27096015,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,UBER DRIVER BRUSHIE,congrats on the full release! dosh party!
,Recommended,232090,27400357,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eggroll,"I've been playing this game since early access and thought they did miss their deadline for full release it did at least get it. They have also just able kept their word when it comes to the content of the game. It has a lot of new maps, new classes, and it's fun as hell. Go buy it and support an awesome developer."
76561198073419895,Recommended,232090,27424810,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ERROR 404: [namenotfound],"Gore, Metal, and Zeds what do you want more."
76561198029333523,Recommended,232090,27440751,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Joker[BG],Nice co-op game.Just need more enemy and bosses and will by best.
,Recommended,232090,27500734,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Vladstar,Tripwire's facebook page is down. -.-
,Recommended,232090,27601035,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ultimate Tox,As massive as the first game unique weapons lots of blood and gore and great maps and voice actors lol
,Recommended,232090,27629098,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tali,It's absolutely Positilvely worth it!
,Recommended,232090,27701317,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CGU EssexBoy™,it will do
,Recommended,232090,27734947,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Pretty Patsie™,Great game! VERY hard but rewarding! Perfect when your team is working together!!!+Visuals+Challenging+GORE-Being teamed up with trolls (Rare)-People running off lone wolf style
,Recommended,232090,27810320,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Teafarer,You can run backwards.
76561198114687816,Recommended,232090,27883413,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FlyinFlynns,cant get enough of that zed time
,Recommended,232090,28006058,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Disgusted Noble,Two Level 25 Demos who know how to take advantage of Nuke+One Commando skillful in activating and prolonging Zed Time.=More Rads than all the Fallout games combined!
76561198241396618,Recommended,232090,28076073,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Smalayer=)bet,Nice Game dont need DLC :PNice Killer fight!!!
,Recommended,232090,28092622,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,No-Fear,This is a game for anyone who loves a fun and especially bloody game! Has plenty of weapons and perks to keep anyone interested for a long time for sure worth every penny!
76561197963278323,Recommended,232090,28210688,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,OzzY,"I have to say, this is FAR FAR better than MANY othergames.Why?1. Perks :  it changes the gameplay ALOT and you gain levels for your bloody mess. (not to mention skins too)2. Soundtrack: It is probably the ONLY game soo far to have this mutch REAL heavy metal music.Its awsome,epic and it fits the gameplay like a bible in a pool of blood:p3. The action:  Many players would agree with me that when you are the only one ALIVE to pass the next wave, the pressure is  systematically generated through your fingers and your heart goes double tempo as you explode the remaining walking brains that still manage to catch your♥♥♥♥♥even if you run for your life like a pus---. PRICELESS!!3.Gore and effects: It's gore, REALLY gore.....imagine yourself with a double barrel shotgun , shooting a zed with ONE slug in slow motion. You can see the force of impact because hes upside down already......but what if you shoot that same zed with the second slug in the balls???? Just youtube ''killing floor zed time epic shots'' you♥♥♥♥♥♥4.Price : Just buy it,its heavy metal, not metalicca metal.Brutal,priceless,gore,and ALOT of fun for a simple shooter.   I just wish they could make the next left 4 dead 3 with valve team lol"
76561198299540528,Recommended,232090,28235597,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,xdeathbyferretx,"picked up killing floor 2 shortly after buying killing floor 1 on sale. the first one was so much fun i had to see what it was all about.the graphics are great, the soundtrack is better and 6 person co-op is the perfect amount of people. the maps are well done and i do not see any stand out bugs.if you like guns, metal and gore then pick this up for sure.as great as the soundtrack is i cant stand hearing the same songs over and over. i recommend muting the music and putting together your own play list and get to slaying!"
76561198121012495,Recommended,232090,28238352,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,SnowConeMonster,Killing floor is a great horde game. I can't get perks yet but its such a blast still! Also the graphics are great! I never write reveiws but i have to recomend this for people going back and forth.
,Recommended,232090,28684301,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Squeebels  ,L-o-d-s of e-m-o-n-e. What does that spell? Loadsamoney! prob'ly...The banter is top.
,Recommended,232090,28737558,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,brgr.,"Killing Floor 2GameplayAlright gameplay, It can get pretty intense.. depening on what difficulty your on.The only difficulty I played on was Normal, that's pretty much it, so I wouldn't say it's too hard.Basically shoot whatever you see, Help out your teammates, etc.There's also waves. At the end of a wave, You buy guns, refill your ammo, armor, sell some guys you want or buy a melee weapon. I think that's pretty much it for gameplay...MusicThe music is metal.It sure sets the mood though with all the zombies running around and that ♥♥♥♥ing chainsaw guy running towards you.I got nothing else to say about the music.TeammatesNothing much to say here, they're alright.not that talkativeHaven't had any problems with anybody so far.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------That's basically my review for Killing Floor 2I recommend you get this game if you have the money or when it's on sale.Thanks for reading.:)"
76561198158053058,Recommended,232090,28814394,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Logie,So i play as medic in games and this game. well lets just say its a junkies haven. you put heroin in your arm more then that bum under the highway. really makes u think about life♥♥♥♥♥♥8/10
76561198053988672,Recommended,232090,28868259,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Whip Me Grandma,cool game
,Recommended,232090,29261065,Posted: 14 January,all,Pnuttyz,♥♥♥♥ING KILL♥♥♥♥♥♥ITS AWESOME!!!!!
,Recommended,232090,29360929,Posted: 19 January,all,Cheezegami,"Free Content Update? Yes Please.I loved Killing Floor 1. It had great feelings to their weapons and it felt like one of the most satisfying zombie shooters out there. Killing Floor 2 came into Early Access, improved on a lot of what Killing floor one had. BUT it was a little barebones....However after quite some time of not playing it it seems to have established quite an interesting amount of content.If they keep it up like this I can't do anything else but to recommend this game."
,Recommended,232090,29412058,Posted: 21 January,all,RogueTechAssassin,"I personally like the Killing Floor game and I was happy to hear when they made a second Killing Floor game. Now when getting hyped for this game I watched the heck out of devs videos and seeing that they are doing something unique with the reload animations instead of having a upgrade that speeded up the reload animation the used whole new animations as well. I would recommend this game no matter what, I personally have not played all to much of this game plus the most teadiest task I am pretty sure was the bullet time activating on (critical)headshots.This is a game you play with your friends and you could either have objectives or just do survival and you can do diffrent classes (sharpshooter is my fav) and its just a game that you could enjoy with a handful of friends so yeah go and buy this and have fun with the game. RT over and out."
76561198048405549,Recommended,232090,29434231,Posted: 22 January,all,littlesquidpizza,I like it.
,Recommended,232090,29438335,Posted: 22 January,all,김소은 ❤,THE BEST GAME
,Recommended,232090,29516368,Posted: 26 January,all,Seven of Nein,"Got this game as a gift from a friend and I have to say, it's an absolute blast to play. Here are the things I like about it:1: Great UI, excellent menu animations.2: Great music and sound design, keeps you hype while killing Zeds.3: Great maps, large variety of locations with a high level of detail. Volter Manor especially is just amazing.4: Excellent netcode, even with a 200+ ping on a Chinese server the game is very playable.5: Weapons feel solid, great feedback when attacking Zeds.6: Zed animations and AI are very very good.7: Good sense of progression when unlocking skills for perk classes. Doesn't feel insanely grindy.8: Matchmaking makes it easy to join a game, but they also included a server browser (awesome!) for a more refined online experience.9: Versus Survival is very fun. You get to play as the various Zeds versus other people, and unlike Left 4 Dead where the attacks were mostly passive cutscenes, you actually get to do all the attacks manually and feel like you're really playing as a Zed.10: Good variety of characters and classes to play as.11: Runs like a dream, a solid 60 FPS at all times that never dips no matter how many Zeds or how much chaos is happening on screen. My CPU is an i7-4790K @ 4 GHZ and my GPU is a GTX 960.12: It's only $30!I really get the sense that the developers wanted to deliver as solid a product as possible and in my opinion they succeeded. For what this game is trying to be, it's fantastic. Highly recommend it to anyone wanting a game similar to Left 4 Dead but better."
,Recommended,232090,29546388,Posted: 28 January,all,Ivan,No podes matar pisos10/10
76561198258865132,Recommended,232090,29582393,Posted: 30 January,all,Shushee,DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH
76561197971247479,Recommended,232090,29614142,Posted: 31 January,all,Demonis,"This game was never on my radar due to the early access model it took, I never played KF1.  I don't early access, I filter em out , won't get into that.  I am playing the finished game ...it's an amazingly fun co op fps zombie slayer.  I got this game on sale with a RL friend, we have been playing it daily since.I'll get into what I like and leave out my opinions on what I don't.  My negatives don't relate to current build but rather what I would like to see in the future ... I.E , More boss variety/modes/etc.My Reasons why you should play it:1.) Co-op game-play is intense and team-play is a must on later difficulties.  If you don't work together, game over ... that simple.  It feels like the left for Dead series to the 100th power.  Bigger teams, more weapons, and tons of customization items for the little snowflakes.  Now even has a pvp mode if that's your thing, I just love hunting the AI with pals.2.) Time Vampire.  There are different match length's available based on how much time you have, but can easily meet a nice group and kill hours without noticing.3.) The weapons.  Each feels different and have there own roles to play, huge replayability factor.  The sub machine guns shoot different than assault rifles, all with unique recoil , feel, and game-play.  Something for everyone.4.) Perk leveling system - Each perk (or class) has their own unique passives that gain points per level.  Every 5 levels you have access to a deeper build system, being able to select one active for every 5 levels.  This makes two people playing the same perk, be able to play the same class uniquely.  Example, two berserkers.  One might select passives as a tank, the other dps big mob hunter.  Together , a bloody well paired almost unstoppable duo that complement each other.5.) Blood and gore, slaughter for hours.  The game looks and plays great, play on ultra with all the carnage options on.  Can't have slaughter without the laughter, and I love Gore in all forms.  Always ear to ear smiles when time slows down and you paint the walls with your closest zed.  At the end of the round you look like you left a Gallagher show and forgot the tarp ... or just left a Gwar or Cannibal Corpse show.6.)  The soundtrack.  Is great and fits well with the game and encounters.  Even if metal aint your thing, it is an enhancement to the experience.7.)  There is a server/client MP infrastructure so you join hosted servers.  No local nonsense.  Games are not hosted off their local machines , but dedicated hosted servers in which you connect to as a client.8.) It is difficult, you will die and loose but I like harder games.  You will die or your team will get wiped out, could happen for many reason from team comp to perk level ... or people not sticking together late game.  I suggest this as a guide for difficulty based on perk level, this keeps it feeling challenging.  Normal (0-5) , Hard (6-12), Suicidal (13-25) , and Hell on earth (25+ only).Looking for a game that you can play all day or just pick up when bored...this might be a fit for you.  Play with friends if you have them and if not join a random server and make some.Relevant Tags:#FPS#Gore#Team Co-op Survival#Zed (Zombies)"
76561198124931909,Recommended,232090,29624269,Posted: 1 February,all,ansell15,It's good.
76561197984054767,Recommended,232090,30675349,Posted: 22 March,all,V1lzu,Good game! 5/5
76561198319824881,Recommended,232090,30733831,Posted: 25 March,all,BlackWhite,Cod Zombies rip but this way better
,Recommended,232090,31187076,Posted: 16 April,all,Siltion,Honestly Amazing game! No words to explain the fun times i've had in this game! I highly suggest playing with friends but its always available in solo
76561198020728468,Recommended,232090,31226558,Posted: 18 April,all,Gerard,"A great match based 6 player co-op shooter marred by a turbulent development history. Dispense glorious headshot-based death to hulking superzombies and evil scientists, what's not to love? Also the British are back and they are amazing.Like many early access games Killing Floor 2's patches have earned it a good deal of hate from the fans, some deserved. The game was great, then got patched to death before returning to at least being pretty good. Competitive mode was crap, firebug was stupidly OP, don't know if they improved any of that. Some have complained that KF2 isn't enough of an improvement on the original KF. There's arguments to be made for that, though I personally disagree. The British comments were better in the original, however.By the way, the soundtrack is amazing. It's been a long time since I freaked out like this when 'my song' came on, haven't done that since Red Alert 2.Pro's:+ Shoot many interesting zombies+ Get money, upgrade classes, shoot even more zombies+ Great soundtrack+ Tripwire seems pretty involved with making the game better, though it's swing and miss+ Good community, I have seen no trolls. Lots of Russians.+ There's a loot system but no bs pay 2 win mechanics+ British is amazingCons:– Game can get repetetive– Your favorite stuff can get nerfed– Competitive mode was bad- Perhaps not different enough from the original KFEdit: There have since been updates to the Britisch commentary roster, stuff like ""I haven't had this much money since the divorce."" Brilliant."
,Recommended,232090,31398166,Posted: 27 April,all,John Halo,both killing floors hold a special place in my heart cant ever stop playin emthis one needs more chickenator thoand more gunshopefully they add moRE GUNS SOONespecially for sharpshooterthat ♥♥♥♥♥ has like 1 gun thats actually worth itbut other than that amazing game so pls buy
76561198321433338,Recommended,232090,32571568,Posted: 19 June,all,REAPER,love the game
,Recommended,232090,34727365,Posted: 3 September,all,Technetronics,"Fun af, not easy"
76561198120024301,Recommended,232090,35173333,Posted: 24 September,all,SALASREW,Nice Killing Zombie game
76561198002871625,Recommended,232090,35424817,Posted: 2 October,all,saint,"I always wondered what the big deal about this game was, until I played it.The only way to describe it is ""Fun""."
,Recommended,232090,27142663,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ジェームズ,"Finally, this game comes out. Just not excited about another game that wants me to pay for keys. Cmon Tripwire."
,Recommended,232090,27150586,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,<('_'<)IvoryWang(>'_')>,This game is a great casual romp of cooperative zombie slaying but has everything a more hardcore gamer would want if you are looking for an added challenge
,Recommended,232090,27398080,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,|Ordo| Ozzy,100% Achievements done
,Recommended,232090,27600582,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[.LCs.]Whiteplague,"This is a great iteration on the Killing Floor we all know and love. Microtransactions aside, this is an improvement in every way over the previous game."
,Recommended,232090,27804395,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pidoras,It has everything you need:killing zombies with a chainsaw
76561198078301210,Recommended,232090,27833940,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Андо,It's good
,Recommended,232090,27923354,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,magikarp king,this game is the best and i have both of them and thay are geat
,Recommended,232090,27988562,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Smukk1,"Dont listen to the haters, they are stupid"
76561197978145264,Recommended,232090,28017176,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kapper,I just bought the game little over 3 days ago and I can't stop playing. games like these are the reason why I have a problem.
,Recommended,232090,28213370,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Shaduroo,Survival at it's finest.
,Recommended,232090,28219184,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Caco.,"Best zombie Survival  game ever,challenging,Much gore,Such co-op :v"
,Recommended,232090,28917833,Posted: 1 January,all,(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧,Fast Paced Action!
76561198118755252,Recommended,232090,29014163,Posted: 4 January,all,Kaukalo,no medics gg
,Recommended,232090,29026532,Posted: 4 January,all,Lint Wizard,"If you enjoyed the first game, you will enjoy this one. If it's been a while since you played the first one, playing Killing Floor 2 might make you feel like almost nothing's changed, and that's a good thing: in KF2, your rose-tinted, nostalgia-influenced memories of KF1 are made incarnate.If I have one complaint, it's that the number of characters is much more limited in KF2 at the moment: I think it might have released with fewer than the first game's debut roster. To be fair, the new game's characters each have their own voice acting and there are even a couple of women this time around. I'll have to bide my time until they rerelease baggy yellow Hazmat dude and ""lods of emone"" man."
76561198186714414,Recommended,232090,29065444,Posted: 6 January,all,_Pattinator_,Very nice game! The devs are working very hard to give us the best of the best!Beautiful maps and powerful weapons promise perfect gameplay :)!+rep
76561198336858974,Recommended,232090,29099853,Posted: 7 January,all,Mama Yosh,Horrible game a man called me dumb and then ran at me with no shirt on and then  he screamed at the top of his lungs
,Recommended,232090,29135744,Posted: 8 January,all,Soma,Hell I have so many hours in this game.  The action is just addicting.  so many guns and classes to choose from you feel like a crazed psychopath in a weapon store.- Great graphics: check- amazing sounds: check- gore:   check- Awesome soundtracks: check- Badass sunglasses: check20/10 would fill a fleshpound face with a assault rifle
,Recommended,232090,29245621,Posted: 14 January,all,Anne Frank Warrior Princess,"Ever since I started emulating the Patriarch in my daily life, things have become much more simple, and all of my friends who haven't taken out restraining orders tell me that I'm much more interesting than before. Thanks TW."
,Recommended,232090,29276800,Posted: 15 January,all,disc0chimp,"Once they add more weapons and maps, this game will be twice as good.  Playing the same class and buying the same weapons every match gets boring after awhile"
76561198031046684,Recommended,232090,29434196,Posted: 22 January,all,Kirk Kanukem,Great Game!Pros:  Highly addictive and action packed.Cons:  Not enough final bosses.
76561198354604019,Recommended,232090,29571015,Posted: 29 January,all,Swaggaboylz412,great game 10/10
76561198353297278,Recommended,232090,29661398,Posted: 2 February,all,DRAGONDICK,Gameplay is cool.  Maps are cool.  Most players are cool.  The Bosses suck.
,Recommended,232090,29854761,Posted: 11 February,all,TheGringzz,I find this game real fun and if you've played the first one this will be a nice upgrade.Plus you can chill on the sofa and hook a controller up (was one of the reasons i bought the game)
,Recommended,232090,29973112,Posted: 16 February,all,Just-iKillz,"One of the best zombie games you will play , great experience and gameplay , the graphic is awesome"
76561197968233137,Recommended,232090,29981263,Posted: 17 February,all,Gunthak,"(disclaimer: 1140 hours in KF1, finally jumped into KF2 this week)Absolutely brilliant stuff. Don't hesitate, shooter people.- AAA quality maps, models, and animations. Some gorgeous levels.- Really well-optimized engine. Runs locked 60fps ultra on a humble RX 470 rig.- Fun co-op dynamics. Great overlap of perks.- Excellent sound design and quality hardcore music.- Seriously, very good mix of melodic metal and breakbeat tracks.- Stylish, well-designed UI and menus. Lots of background flourishes, tight, clean HUD.- Beautiful, persistent gore. All the blood coats the floor and walls, stays there the entire match.- Outstanding weapons and gunplay backed by top-notch effects. Bullets, fire, explosives, etc. generate huge effects with outstanding enemy reactions, ragdolls, tear-aparts.- Even when the round is over, you can go poke and chop at the fragments of gore and mangled corpses litering the floor.- Entertaining character voices and comments. As you're running and gunning away, the characters reference parts of the level, make short comments about the apocalypse, celebrate good kills, say something about an enemy, etc. Non-cheesy, professional voice acting. Short but sweet little bursts of color.- Plenty of perks and % increases to climb through. Along with ongoing passive gains for every level, each class gets a small selection of assignables every 5 levels.- A lot of amusing cosmetic items.- No pressure to buy stuff (no gameplay advantage). You can play and unlock crates anyway, getting crafting materials. The community also sells pre-made stuff (that they've earned and crafted) for under a buck if you don't want to bother.- Constant stream of free updates, with new maps and modes. Steady as she goes developer interaction with a good tone.KF2 knows exactly what it wants to be, keeps improving/expanding.It is, by far, the most technologically impressive co-op horde shooter on the market, has a great vibe, and a very strong community with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of active servers.9.5/10"
76561197961878065,Recommended,232090,30315834,Posted: 4 March,all,Harmona*,"It'll keep you entertained for *at least* 50h, if you like wave-survival-shooters (and zombie-like enemies). It has some resemblance to Left 4 Dead, since there are ""special"" enemies with dangerous abilities, but it's not a clone.For its price, I'd say it's a solid choice. No regrets."
76561198082538429,Recommended,232090,30510451,Posted: 14 March,all,Conquest,great game its better to play with friends
,Recommended,232090,30660798,Posted: 21 March,all,RalkrosTehOrca,"Bought this game a while back when it was still in beta, it has had so many improvements and the dev team is constantly adding more content, bug fixes, and etc. to improve the game even more at a stable rate. It is a very fun time killer and the graphics are pretty good and well optimized. I would recommend this game to anyone who wants a nice casual game they want to play and relax with friends that like a challenge."
,Recommended,232090,30678278,Posted: 22 March,all,SteelfangHD,"Gotta love tripwire for the subtle hints at their new Rising storm game with vietnam weapons being introduced into KF2. Not saying its bad I actually love it. This game Is really fun, really well optimized, Ocasionally has start up problems, but eh could be worse. Also a tip for new players, put some hours in before you hit the new hold out style map descent, Its a little trickier than you would think. All in all, a decent game, a decent community, lots of replayability, community maps, and after Rising storm Vietnam is released and had a few updates, we should see a lot more regular updates for this."
,Recommended,232090,30737064,Posted: 25 March,all,Diishonòr,Welcome to the Kingdom Of Wretched UndyingMetal music.Blood.Gore.Action.Surviving.This game is just too perfect.Buy it you wont regret it.
76561197963455226,Recommended,232090,30747590,Posted: 26 March,all,Thymol,"This game is a lot of fun.  Easy match making, some pvp aspects if you want to try for that with you being a zombie against a group.  Support for weird user made maps.  Different clases that specialize in weapons for you to not only just kill zombies but kill them in different ways and have your own effects change as you level up in the the specifics of your class.No real constraints on time, just wanna run a few rounds trying to cap zombies, drop in drop out.  Want to complete it run all through the waves and kill the boss its all good.  So many different weapons and the classes make a lot of their effects change as you level them up, but you can take anything anytime you can afford it no limits.  Be the medic with the RPG off weapon.  Be the explosives guy with the healer offweapon and heal a bit.  Won't have the bonuses of the classes specific to those weapons but you can do it.  It might even help everyone else out."
,Recommended,232090,32161437,Posted: 3 June,all,spooky crouton god,Step 1: choose Berserker classStep 2: Have the most fun youve ever had10/10 game buy it now
,Recommended,232090,33282437,Posted: 5 July,all,davidperez11,nice game
76561198112223784,Recommended,232090,33850879,Posted: 28 July,all,あほ Sad[101]Boi あほ,9/10
,Recommended,232090,33983157,Posted: 2 August,all,SchnozBott,"Was already a fan of KF1, jumped at this on Early Access day 1.  No regrets.Here is a game that might be the ultimate co-op horde shooter.  No other game quite nails the feeling KF2 creates, the undeniable feeling of baddassery as you take apart horrible bioweapons with bullets, sometimes in supersaturated slow motion blood ballet.  With a steadily growing roster of characters, weapons, maps, modes, and events, It's a great entertainment value for your money."
76561198264310173,Recommended,232090,34119919,Posted: 9 August,all,Brand M1 AK,Take a look at my hours of grinding most of my favorite classes and I have not regret it.
76561198129009007,Recommended,232090,34533017,Posted: 27 August,all,The_Goonies,"Great video game, great company, if one zed accidently hits another, they just rip each other apart haha, KF2 is the kind of game you can put down come back to in 3 months and enjoy it all the same.   It makes for a wonderful game to play with friends and takes tactics to survive on the harder difficulty settings.   In all honesty this it's absolutely 100% worth the money, and takes a certain amount of skill to play, with everything ranging on how you shot your weapons, to how you set up each class, it's never a dull moment."
,Recommended,232090,35073605,Posted: 19 September,all,yeah piss off thanks zoroz,slaughtering zeds then killing yourself on accident is pretty fun
,Recommended,232090,35092054,Posted: 20 September,all,♠◾EpicFace48,"This game is pretty neat, the balance is lovely and the gameplay is amazing, plus (if you have the machine to run it) the graphics are so amazing, watching a zed's head pop is a lovely joy. each perk has strengths that they play to well and if theres no medic to heal or no support shotgunning the bigger zeds you can simply buy that perks weapons and multitask it with your role. the game and dificulties are well balanced and the option of game length is a lovely thing. but one of the biggest issues lie within VS survival, no matter how skilled you are the humans always seem to die at the boss round on VS. another issue is with the community, it happens rarely but there are some downright ♥♥♥♥ers that always seem to get angry when anything effects them, something as simple as trying to help a teammate by shooting a fleshpound gets you responses along the lines of ""stop shooting it when its charging you do less damage"" or some other faff, again these instances are rare but its like meeting someone with a lime green hat in tf2, good luck having fun when you meet one of them, because they will use ANY excuse to try and kick you, ranging from something as simple as taking an ammo drop when you saw it first or even something as stupid as slelecting the same character as them.But overall Killing Floor 2 is a lovely game and i highly reccomend picking it up when you can."
76561198068472912,Recommended,232090,35094220,Posted: 20 September,all,poondaddy,A game that i keep coming back to for years. Great graphics and weapon animations.
76561198174155021,Recommended,232090,35502682,Posted: 5 October,all,Mr.Forest,"""I'm eleven out of ten disappointed"" Mr.Foster"
,Recommended,232090,26110579,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,DJ_Schmidi,"Initially, this game just didn't feel right. At least if compared to KF1. It just didn't play right, so I shelved it for almost a year.I can say that now as of October 2016, it feels like KF! It plays well, the mechanics are sound, and the perks are much more fleshed out. This will be a great game for years to come!"
76561198203737067,Recommended,232090,26131080,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,CP_FRAG,"Omg, this game is so awesome. This is a huge step up from KF1 in my opinion. It has plenty of maps, zombies, guns, perks, etc. If you haven't played this game, perks are different classes that have a certain ability. The abilities are usually based around different guns, but there is a melee class if you want to get up close and personal. The game is a waved based game. If you're looking for a Left 4 Dead style game, you won't find one here (Try Vermintide). But what you will find is some of the most fun moments you could have in a videogame. This game isn't perfect, the devs have had it in Early Access for a year, it has many bugs, but it is sure to give you hours of fun. 9/10 for me. It could even become a 10/10 when it's finished."
,Recommended,232090,26430900,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Ayyy Lmao,Best.Game.Ever.Melts.My.FaceDaily!
,Recommended,232090,26487957,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Faxing Berlin,"Killing Floor 2 started as beta with only 4 perks to choose from, and 3 maps. It experienced a shaky start with limited replayability. Now, nearing it's exit from Early Access and full game release, which includes the 10th perk, this game is a very solid successor of Killing Floor 1. KF2 has been through a range of changes, including a shake-up of perks and balance changes. At first I never thought I'd be touching this after it's initial beta release, but now I can see myself playing it for a long time to come. I'd definitely recommend it if you're a fan of KF1."
,Recommended,232090,27052998,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mortal Crombat,If you loved Killing floor one this is just as good.The perk system has been improved so you can level up quicker than killing floor one and get some helpful perks earlier rather than later.Not much new as far as enemies go so far but well worth the fairly cheap price if you love shooters.
,Recommended,232090,27076083,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ISSE NO SE,Noice
,Recommended,232090,27079332,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Miggy Wiggy Rhymes,pretty good
76561198208386673,Recommended,232090,27443486,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Servalis,Very recommended!! the true team based survival and a great balance for classes inside!
76561198061098721,Recommended,232090,27478769,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AvoidedEmperor,Very fun
76561198092050742,Recommended,232090,27502348,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Spicy Tofu,Nominated for The “Villain Most In Need Of A Hug” Award.
76561198095906756,Recommended,232090,27982478,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,QueqQuache,Solid game. Improved on the first in most senses and the extra gore physics are a bonus.
,Recommended,232090,27991332,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Faker,Really fun game!
76561198119473157,Recommended,232090,28005981,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Skurt Renolds,good with friends
,Recommended,232090,28211276,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,THICCBOI,"Super fun game! Just like the original but looks beautiful! And the community is really helpful for new players, Reccomend to anyone who wants just a mindless shooter!"
76561198114366522,Recommended,232090,28887030,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ω ʙɪᴋɪɴɪ-,Play wif fren <3 kind fun!~
76561198067271076,Recommended,232090,29043837,Posted: 5 January,all,Smash Or Pass,"Simple ,yet extremely channeling and fun ZED shooter there is.You get a gun.You shoot enemies.You buy guns.Enemies become harder and harder.You defeat the boss.And you are a happy sailor wanting more"
76561198067139185,Recommended,232090,29257226,Posted: 14 January,all,CuckMan,"Killing Floor 2 is a damn good time, no way around it. It suffers from a few problems but they in no way sully the experience. As far as dime-a-dozen zombie shoot 'em up survival games go, this is among the best.GRAPHICS: My machine has no problems running this on max, and damn does it look good. The textures on the guns are lifelike and painstakingly detailed. Even the silly or unrealistic weapons such as the microwave gun, rail gun, pulverizer, and eviscerator look great. Enemy models are gross and scary as they should be. I can confidently say that if I had played this as a wee little lad I likely would've had nightmares, especially from enemies like the gorefast, who have no skin. Whwn you kill enemies, their bodies dissapear eventually, but the blood does not. And my god, there's a lot of blood in this game. In longer matches, the entire map can be absolutely painted red if you move around enough. Player models look less than great with the playable character's faces looking pretty plastic. Luckily you hardly ever see them, and you can opt to cover them with things like gas masks and bandanas.SOUND: The soundtrack is great. It's all various metal from bands like Demon Hunter or Zynthetic played without the vocals, which fits nicely, but you can turn on the music's vocals if you want in the options menu. The metal fits the tone perfectly with zombie slaying action abound. Weapon sound effects are chunky and satisfying to hear. What weapons sound like actually influences my decisions on which ones to use! The shrieks, groans, and moans of the zombies is just what you'd expect, so par for the course on that one.STORY: Not really applicabe to a game like Killing Floor 2. There are tidbits of information regarding the zombie outbreak here and there, and a few paragraphs of backstory for each playable character, but it's all just flavor text.OPTIMIZATION: There are a few interface issues here and there, just little things that are unfriendly to the player in regards to menus, control schemes, and settings. Again, doesn't ruin the game, but they could've done better in that regard. Only other issue is that it launches very slowly for some reason. It loads and runs just fine, but whenever you boot the game from the steam library, it takes a little over a minute to launch. Weirdly however,if closed and relaunched with no PC shutdown between, it loads very quick. This also happens to a friend who I play this with frequently, so it's not just me. Really not a big deal in the end, though.GAMEPLAY: This is where the game shines. Combat is just awesome. Plain and simple. Killing zeds is immensely satisfying and playing on harder difficulties just makes it better. There are ten ""perks"" which are basically classes to choose from. I really don't know why they're not just called classes, in every other game a ""perk"" is a bonus from the class, but in this game the perk is the class. Whatever. The classes are diverse and have a few weapons each to choose from, and when they level up they gain powerful bonuses that make their specific class more effective at what they do. Biggest downside of this game is that levelling takes goddamn forever. I have sixty hours presently and I don't have any class to max level. Granted, I play a lot of the classes, but still, if you're someone who gets bored easily then don't expect to level many classes up high. The biggest issue with the game is also it's biggest strength; the gameplay itself. It's repetitive. If you love it, great! If not, well, you're not gonna get very many hours logged. Playing with friends is the best way to experience the game, so maybe try to talk someone else into buying it with you as playing co-op is definitely the way to go.DLC: There are so many talented creators making maps for this game that it blows my mind. You could spend hours just playing on new maps, which is great because the game doesn't come with many and while their environments may vary, they all feel pretty samey thanks to a pretty strict design philosophy. Some workshop maps are great, others are terrible. Such is life. The skin trading market for this game is also pretty cool, with any purchasable items being purely cosmetic and having no bearing on he success of the player, AS DLC SHOULD BE. However, sometimes when a round concludes you get an encrypted USB as a reward that contains cosmetic items, but can only be unlocked by buying a $2.49 key. Kinda scummy, but it can be completely ignored if you don't want to spend the extra money... Though I'm pretty happy with my glow text katana personally.This game is great as they come when it comes to zombie killing action games. Repetitive? Yes. Loads of fun? Also yes. Just keep that in mind before you pull the trigger, but I'd still reccomend this game to anyone who likes a bloody, gorey shoot 'em up.Killing Floor 2 - 8/10"
,Recommended,232090,29290875,Posted: 15 January,all,Xander-Rex,Killing floor 2 is really fun and it's the only thing that my friend and I play.
,Recommended,232090,29381923,Posted: 20 January,all,Mr.moneybottoms,So nice i bought it twice... no seriously i own it on pc and ps4... I hate my friends sometimes...
,Recommended,232090,29411487,Posted: 21 January,all,FrenchiestFry.jpg,This game is amazing
,Recommended,232090,29433679,Posted: 22 January,all,๑ Kaottics,This game is absolutely so much fun! Such an upgrade from the first but I love the first just as much!
,Recommended,232090,29437536,Posted: 22 January,all,Tinkylubit,This game is quite addicting to play. So if you have the cash you should give it a try.
76561197980150621,Recommended,232090,29458493,Posted: 24 January,all,Wien,"If you love Killing floor 1 but haven't played it that much that you can't see it anymore, you'll love this one a little more.It's really an improvement against Kf1, luckily they didn't change the gameplay so it's still f*cking amazing!"
,Recommended,232090,29508710,Posted: 26 January,all,Grebnedlog,nVidia FLeX... so purty
,Recommended,232090,29569149,Posted: 29 January,all,Nappa,"is good. is balanced. maxed out players always join lobbies on normal or hard cause they don't know how to play as a team on more difficult levels, so they come in and boss you around and demand money. Play with friends for best experience. I don't come back to this game often enough, it comes in waves, like, play for 3 days once every 3 months."
,Recommended,232090,29569738,Posted: 29 January,all,Bakoda,LLOOAAADDSS OOOFF MOOONEEEYYYY
,Recommended,232090,30086880,Posted: 21 February,all,rFenyx,"Brains, Guts, Limbs. If you enjoy killing hordes of zombies, you are going to love this game. I strongly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys co-op horde survival games. This game is fun with actual difficulty (not like COD zombies where the zombies are pretty much invincible). Each enemy has unique behavior and has special skills that you must learn to master this game. The weapons feel authentic, and the game runs so smooth, the physics looks beautiful in this game (i love the blood and limbs flying all over my screen). This game will keep you busy for awhile, and once you feel up to it, take a chance with nightmare mode and prepare to die many deaths. TRIPWIRE got it right."
,Recommended,232090,30120548,Posted: 23 February,all,Pight Tussy,"Glorious game, many custom map servers and great updates, and the soundtrack is amazing."
,Recommended,232090,30132214,Posted: 23 February,all,SkyOnPC,"It's like Left 4 Dead and Payday had a child, but then there's way more gore and the smoothness of Unreal Engine 3. It's pretty dank."
,Recommended,232090,30315374,Posted: 4 March,all,Spooky Martin,"This game is absolutely incredible. I usually don't like horde shooters since they aren't very replayable, but Killing Floor 2 does this really well. All the classes (or perks) are fun to play and offer a unique playstyle, there is a leveling system which is balanced (a good level 5 player is always going to do better than a level 25 player with average skill) and the music is kickass.What truly makes this game is the details however. The graphics are incredible without killing your medium-end machine, the blood never despawns of the map (which doesn't affect your frames what I can tell), when you reload a fully loaded weapon you get a special animation, the physics are realistic, the kills are satisfying. This game truly makes you feel like you are in a zombie apocalypse.As a bonus the community is really kind from my experience aswell. Rarely do I get a flamer on my team, and it is very common that people answer any questions I have. In most multiplayer games I play it is reversed, with a lot of cursing and ♥♥♥♥ your mothers thrown in.Also, the difficulties all have interesting attributes beyond ""make this enemy have 1 hp on normal and 200000 hp on hell on earth"". There are very few enemies that do get increased health on higher difficulties, and instead they get new AI. For example, the alpha clot, one of the more common enemies who is usually only able to attack the player, can now rally his allied zombies to make them run faster and be more aggressive.Overall I give Killing Floor 2 a 9/10. The only reason it isn't a 10/10 is because it is a zombie shooter, which I usually don't like (although this game is incredible either way)."
76561197998416020,Recommended,232090,31332292,Posted: 23 April,all,KossakFace,A great coop game! Just hosted anerd party based entirely around this game.
,Recommended,232090,31369798,Posted: 25 April,all,★Ashunet★,"This game is a survival zombie shooter. You fight waves of zombies after waves of zombies. It is similar to Call of Duty Zombies, and Left 4 Dead's survival. I would recommend this game to anyone who loves a good survival game."
,Recommended,232090,31370520,Posted: 25 April,all,Qpen ueu dorothy,"Yep, as y'all though this is just ""better"" version of killing floorWith good soundtrack | the music just fit well. Hardcore rock (idk what type music is this) while you killing zeds ? Come on dude isn't that just perfect ?Good graphic | as y'all expect. Same like kf 1. The graphic is just perfect. (Hardcore) GORE, lighting, even with the ♥♥♥♥ing reload style. Even with this graphic you still can get 30 fps with potato computer (with some tweak)Nicely gameplay | same like kf. The gameplay is still same (but with improvement). Just survive by killing Zed (not♥♥♥♥♥♥♥zombie) with many gun, perk, friends (im sorry for you who play alone), and many (new) type of zedsGood voice acting | in this game player talk ALOT like every ""event"" player will talk even if he/she see zeds. Even player characters will complain if your characters talk alotAwesome maps | this game have awesome maps. Many variation of maps like paris, etc. and almost of official maps ""huge"" sizeEnough of gud things in this game (nearly all of em')Now the bad things (not really)THEY HAVE A♥♥♥♥♥♥♥INVENTORY | yep, same like another ""big"" game. They have a skin, cosmetic, box opening... dude, that just too mainstream, ffsMainstream character | yeah, not too gud, not too bad.Not too many server | ""searching for server..."" 30 minute later ""searching for server"" yep like thatThe price | ugh. The price is (too) expensive, but you get worth of gameplay :DOverall :/I give it 9/10MUST BUY !! even if you haven't played the first one :DAnyway this is my first (serious) reviewSorry for my bad english (kek)I hope this review help y'all :)"
76561198267664026,Recommended,232090,31589058,Posted: 6 May,all,ProphetYudha,"Great game overall. Nice and clean visuals, smooth gameplay, the shooting mechanic feels right. And coop!!"
76561198074279921,Recommended,232090,31793973,Posted: 16 May,all,C-MenGuzzler,"ya know, its pretty good"
,Recommended,232090,31901380,Posted: 22 May,all,Reborn,"A great Sequel to Killing Floor, strongly recommend it."
76561198288822335,Recommended,232090,31911982,Posted: 22 May,all,Seanfire99,Word's alone can not describe how awsome this game really is you will have to play it for yourself to understand that there is nothing more fun then blowing up hordes of zed's is just the best as demolition it has been know nothing beat's killing endless wave's of zombies is the best as left 4 dead 1&2 have shown us we love killing zombies i hope this game and many other's like live on for year's to come thank you for reading and i bid u all ado.
76561198400586290,Recommended,232090,33850267,Posted: 28 July,all,Riceload,Get this game if you want something with good replay value
76561198098328906,Recommended,232090,34100516,Posted: 8 August,all,Bluewhale,"This is a great game.The biggest criticism that this game is given is that theres a lack of gamemodes. This doesn't feel like a huge problem during gameplay however as there are plenty of different maps and difficulty options. This game is great in that harder doesn't just equal the zeds doing more damage. Instead they become smarter, do more advanced attacks, are more varied, and move faster. The game is extremely satisfying as far as kills go too. It's way better than COD zombies.It often goes down to 50% off so buy it then. Definitely worth the buy.Oh and any DLC that you can by is purely cosmetic and doesn't lock away major gameplay features."
,Recommended,232090,34296425,Posted: 16 August,all,Fyrebrand,"While it took TWI long enough to get the game out of Early Access, it's still a superb sequel in one of my favorite franchises of zombie survial horror games. The weapons and classes are excellent, and I hope TWI plans on creating more free weapons in the future."
,Recommended,232090,34460015,Posted: 24 August,all,SupeR_PiratE,BEST GAME EVER!!!- TOP MUSIC- GORE EVERYWHERE- MANY PERKS- BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOBS!
,Recommended,232090,34535711,Posted: 27 August,all,theRealMccoy,"Killing Floor 2, alongside Left 4 Dead 2 are my Two favorite Zombie esk games to have ever been released. Killing Floor 2 is a mixture of Awesomeness in terms of the Weapon Selection and Maps alongside the Zeds and Bosses. Cant also forget the gore and the awesome dismembermant that is in the game and to finish it all of their is an awesome Metal Soundtrack to listen to why Slaying the Dead  \m/ (Brilliant!). Overall, this is one truly aswesome game and cant wait for future content to be added to the game!10/10!"
,Recommended,232090,34761697,Posted: 5 September,all,GLOSH,I Love this game soo much.
76561198043986164,Recommended,232090,34770779,Posted: 6 September,all,G'dHunter,"Not bad, pretty good so far."
,Recommended,232090,34908985,Posted: 12 September,all,Reaver,One of the best zombie action shooters out to date
76561198026299693,Recommended,232090,35080479,Posted: 20 September,all,Cunning Linguist,"A lot of grinding... but in the end, it's all worth it. JUST GET IT!"
76561198108733440,Recommended,232090,35400135,Posted: 1 October,all,Captain Poofball27,bloody good times
76561197971397673,Recommended,232090,35430193,Posted: 2 October,all,teckgeek,"This game is fantastic, I've played it since the EA.  I've only played the co-op and solo and I love the small team feel.  Excellent variation of enemies.  Lots of class specific weapons to chose from.  Lots of unique classes with good well paced perk progression.  Decent modding community.  The developer is dedicated to bringing new content and events.  Graphics are decent, but can be tuned down for weaker systems.  One of the few games that you can still run your own servers.I don't know what else to say about it.  If this kind of game is your thing, you won't find a better option in my opinion."
,Recommended,232090,25955097,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Chibi Phoenix,"If you like wave survival against zombie like monsters, you'll love this!Challenging and lots of fun!"
76561198095806973,Recommended,232090,26000849,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Agkiller,"This game is amazing. It has great graphics, and a great gameplay with a lot of detail, especially for a game in still in development"
76561198003596252,Recommended,232090,27068820,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sadclown[GameTame.com],Very nice game. KF1 upgraded.
,Recommended,232090,27395696,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Helicopter,GOOOOOREEEEE
76561198081662986,Recommended,232090,27477453,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Savage Cabbage,Best way to waste time ever created
,Recommended,232090,27610073,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Amer1canZach,A real game tp come out of early access that is good.
,Recommended,232090,27659245,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Stalker,10/10 *
,Recommended,232090,27713357,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,phonic67,"One of the most satisfying games I have had the luck in buying on sale. The amount of gore adds a powerful uplifting feel to the slaughter of zeds, a huge improvement from the first Killing Floor."
,Recommended,232090,27744422,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mustela Putorius Furo,Best simulated zombie decapitations in any game period.
,Recommended,232090,27747519,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,✪ The Joker [4N],"Killing floor 2, just absolutely a awesome coop game. I like it. played Kf1 for around 1000 hours. and this game not so much. but its good"
76561198139368657,Recommended,232090,27748222,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ladzera;v,The best coop game ever!
,Recommended,232090,27779534,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DASTARDLYDICKDOWN,Game was fun. Died.
,Recommended,232090,27821562,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fer,good game
,Recommended,232090,27860417,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Boouck,A great game
76561198101131585,Recommended,232090,27941072,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The Great Fapper,"The floors still didn't wanna kill me, 5/7"
,Recommended,232090,28013519,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fry,Killing.Quite The spicy meme
,Recommended,232090,28028339,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RyanYes,Improved on everything in the first game. Good buy for ~20$. Runs very well. Online is iffy. Still fun even alone.
,Recommended,232090,28043824,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,lnchbx5,This game builds upon the original and I would say it's worth it. I really enjoy the new features they implemented and the only thing i can complain about is that the lever action is not good as compared to the previous game.
76561198080855872,Recommended,232090,28260975,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Touch_Me,After a few UpDates the game at least playable since i bought on ps4 and have fun jusr wish we had a thank you command and a crossplay for pc and ps4 means i can play some friend on pc
,Recommended,232090,28395723,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Elcskater,Amazingly fun. Rounds get very intense.
,Recommended,232090,28473585,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,xanarchy emo♥idol,"Killing Floor,remember me so."
76561198015611627,Recommended,232090,28476986,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,|||||0:|*rEpOpT!C-@L*|:0|||||,amazing
,Recommended,232090,29281845,Posted: 15 January,all,FullSpectrumPotato,"It's very much a sequel to KF1 if you've played that game. I had over 400 hours in 1 but even on the highest difficulties the robotic nature of the gameplay got tedious. When all the wacky dlc items came out and unbalanced everything I lost interest. The limitations of the old Unreal 1.9 engine started hampering the game with bugs and removed features.2 picks up where those updates ended and includes those expanded ideas into a more seamless game. The zeds have much improved AI and pathing, with animations that add some challenge to actually landing aimed shots. New objective game modes are on the horizon, along with the already included vs. mode. Yes, 2 has lost some of the janky, gritty old-school shooter feel of the original but the game is more cohesive and balanced now. All of my time with it has been since day one of early access and the series has stayed pretty faithful to its core, with major attempts at expanding gameplay and perk synergies. Not all of them have been pleasant, but it's far too hard to judge a final release based on a beta build.Tripwire has been communicative about development throughout the early access phase and is updating at a faster pace than the quarterly patches of KF1. With much improved mod and mapping support the game should be able to thrive on a larger scale than the previous game. The veterans of KF1 are just a tough lot to please. This game has even more content than the final version of 1 after it had over 5 years of updates."
,Recommended,232090,29420944,Posted: 22 January,all,Astolfo,"This game is absolutely gooood all I can say is that its quite similar or even a clone to the prequel but difference is that it has better graphics, new stuff, but overall doesn't really leave the feel of the prequel and that there is ""VERSUS MODE"" where it is pretty much like the left 4 dead versus mode here's an overall list of what I like and don't like of the game:What I like:-Badassery-The Killing-The Mechanics-The Graphics-The idk what to add anymoreWhat I didn't like:-A few bugs-that's itWhat do I mean by the bugs? well something like the scrake dancing to the final boss being stuck inside the concrete never again to show up. Though overall its really good the perk system is nice the classes too and you can pretty much find what suits your playstyle definitely worth the $$$ even though I bought it on sale for -33% off the price."
,Recommended,232090,29430368,Posted: 22 January,all,~{KSC}~JacK_kNophF,Europe will be painted red. It's been overdue
,Recommended,232090,29437094,Posted: 22 January,all,Snoozie,My only complaint is lack of anti aliasing options but would recommend yes 2.7/3 is pretty cool
76561198010122006,Recommended,232090,29555483,Posted: 28 January,all,Firemonkey,This game is awesome.  Straight to the point.  It was a little rough during some parts of early access but after having gone back and played again this week I can officially say tripwire NAILED this one.  The weapons are fun.  Most of them feel pretty well balanced and the leveling feels alot less like a grind than it started out as when it first came out on EA.  10/10 would recommend this game.
76561198318228219,Recommended,232090,29555692,Posted: 28 January,all,redrunner,I have got 30 plus hours in this game.  So I enjoy it.  But I wish that there was more than 2 bosses to battle.  After you get those 2 figured out and do it again and again it gets a bit old.I did have an issue where I was going to play and all my perks where gone.  After several hours had passed I tried to play again and they had returned so it was some kind of server thing.  But I am glad it corrected.  Just know if it happens to you hopefully the waiting will yield the same result.
,Recommended,232090,29713031,Posted: 5 February,all,GeroBlyat,Cool game.i Recommend buying it especially if you have friends to play it with8.5/10
76561198011736095,Recommended,232090,29894348,Posted: 13 February,all,DART,"This game is a lot of fun... but I have a time finding the Haul♥♥♥♥♥button an staying alive. Lots of people help by telling u where to go, upgrading your name and simplifing it to M..........f Noob! How cool! It has a plethora of Phantasmagorical creatures you never tire of shooting and those Bosses' Stay single men and up an coming soldiers of fortune. For the most part learn the keys well, find good team mates, my buds know who they are, never stop or slow down. Hackers an trolls? Ain't found 'em here yet. Very Fun"
,Recommended,232090,29950588,Posted: 15 February,all,Kevin,This game is tons of fun.Play it with a friend.You will not regret it!
76561198196679767,Recommended,232090,29972324,Posted: 16 February,all,K1LL3D_BY_M3,"Welllllll....... Damn !I had a blast playing this game, works fine, looks awesome, keeps you going, is not boring and gives you a challenge to do something stupid while trying to stay alive.SO a great game, a great way spend some time,Love it, play it, laugh with it."
,Recommended,232090,30736922,Posted: 25 March,all,xSilas43,"lots of fun, active development."
76561198068471337,Recommended,232090,30761584,Posted: 26 March,all,Original Memester,First game i've played where you can sprint backwards.
,Recommended,232090,30824930,Posted: 29 March,all,Anonymous Henchman,"I've played this game since alpha and it's really come a long way. The developers really fleshed out the class distribution and with the community's contribution of custom maps, this game rocks! Lots of zeds, lots of guns, lots of fun."
76561198180105121,Recommended,232090,30839009,Posted: 30 March,all,JimmyFishbuckle,bunch of bloody pikies
,Recommended,232090,31263735,Posted: 20 April,all,that's a negative,"Damnit, it's that invisible ♥♥♥♥♥ again.The game deserves 10/10 alone for this quote.Anyways, Killing Floor 2 is a wave based shooter game with a simple concept that is easy to learn, but hard to master. You play as one of the survivors of the ""Killing Floor Outbreak"" and have to clean the earth from specimen known as ""Zeds"". You get to pick one of many classes  and fight against the zeds as a team. They appear in different varities. Some are easily dispatched with a headshot, do laughable damage and are basically not a threat. But the higher you go into the waves, the more deadlier your opponments get. At the last round of each game, a Boss enemy will spawn. It's either ""The Patriach"", a big guy who carries a mingun, a cloaking device and can smash you with his fists. Or Dr. Hans Volter, a crazed scientist who throws gas bombs at you, uses MPs and can absorb health from you.Each match plays out pretty much the same way everytime. But the good thing about this is, is that it doesn't get boring or feels cheesy after a while. Even online matches with random teammates are really fun!It's a great game and you should definitely consider buying it!"
,Recommended,232090,31958204,Posted: 25 May,all,katzefromhell,"I've played this for 3 hours straight and it did not get boring at all. This game is really amazing and there is no ""pay to win"" or anything like that included. All the in-game purchases are cosmetic stuff which do not effect the gameplay. If you are looking for a great Zombie game with lots of gore this is the right choice."
76561198353418639,Recommended,232090,32395375,Posted: 13 June,all,sharkbait0115,This is a solid game. It is fun to play alone or with friends. The game has alot of maps to play on and an insane amount of weapons to use. I like the class based gameplay and the wide selction of classes. There is alot of replayability in this game which makes it so much better than a few other survival/ zombie games. The game is ok graphically speeking.
,Recommended,232090,33278248,Posted: 5 July,all,Kevin99008,This game was amazing since KF1 until KF2
,Recommended,232090,34365124,Posted: 19 August,all,SANIC( DEEZ NUTZ ),even if i never played the first game im still in the fooking game men you can have workshop men buy the game 100%  worth
,Recommended,232090,34578228,Posted: 29 August,all,Perky 25,Such a great game I ever played!
,Recommended,232090,26529024,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Zedominus,Just really great gunplay and enemies. That's all I can say really. Especially the boomstick. My god the boomstick! I don't know how many enemies I've sent flying with it. Even the biggest enemies become chunky soup and get knocked back when both barrels are fired. Especially when you've maxed out the support class. Probably the most underappreciated gun in the game.
,Recommended,232090,27059124,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sacrifice your bitch to me,Simply fun killing everything that walks
76561197988180534,Recommended,232090,27063247,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alex,Fun and Gore. Definitely better with friends considering the overall difficulty of the game and the fact noobs still don't understand you can't just jump in an HoE match with no knowledge and lv. 0 perks.
76561198018605856,Recommended,232090,27149887,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,70calories,Awesome game takes what's great about the first one and builds upon it
76561198043817406,Recommended,232090,27470892,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Number /_6_\,"Slow Mo Duelies cracking skulls open, what more do you want?Oh ya friends, great crackin skullz with them"
,Recommended,232090,27485883,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Demige,"If you like a bit of repetition and by a bit I mean alot, then this is a game for you. waiting for a bit more flavor such as maps, guns and maybe a new mode, but so far so good."
76561198071111274,Recommended,232090,27486510,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lord Shadow of Duncrub,"Have you ever just wanted to let of some steam from a hard day at work? Well here is the game for that. You can have fun killing Mutants and Zeds in a wave-based survival game. Great visuals, good gameplay (if you are into wave survival), a lot of content to keep you playing. A great multiplayer system, party up and play with friends or go in solo and find other people."
76561198035365543,Recommended,232090,27489056,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Har,Had a long and rough early access start but the game is very well up to par now. As good as 1 with more polish which is all I really ask for.
76561198119610962,Recommended,232090,27596539,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NexusSaber,One of the best zombie fighting games out there. What other games let me smash a horde of zombie with a shotgun hammer. A SHOTGUN HAMMER!!!Grab some friends and have fun.
,Recommended,232090,27637997,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ther,Fun game to play with friends.
,Recommended,232090,27639327,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Zakof,"Great game, nice gun feel.A very successful FPS IMO."
,Recommended,232090,27710216,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,dathealthdoe,"Played hundreds of hours on Killing Floor 1,an old time favorite of mine.Tripwire has disappointed me,with their approach to micro transactions and gambling content.This is shady business ethics to me;give us a visible content package, which we, the consumers,may or may not choose to endorse with a buy please.That being said,+ The Visceral Gore,body parts go flying, heads splatter,and blood stains the map,marking previous gunbattles as the rounds go on.+ Dynamic Backdrop Music,kicking the atmosphere in to high gear as the fighting gets thick,pumping in some adrenaline when its most needed.+ Improved Graphics and Lighting,that grants the game, a much needed overhaul,dragging KF to newer generation shooter standards.+ More Fluid Animations,I love KF1, and none of you that have played both,can tell me the clunky and at times stuttering animations of the first,comes close to these new and improved ones of KF2.+ Keeping the Team Spirit Alive,Coop is an important aspect of online play for me,i love getting thrown in with a bunch of strangers,trying to make the ends meet.KF2 Delivers, Hell on Earth is not for loner ego's.+ Custom Made Maps,This was amazing for KF1,give it time and the community will bring us more,fan made classic maps to bolster the default maps.- Too Few Weapons,The game delievers on all weapons having a good feel to them,but the arsenal is limited, the DLC might make up for this in time.- Lackluster Bosses,The bosses where dull,they have less of a terrifying feel to them,and more that of a tanky hot potato,whos attention can be lobbed around.- Predictable Spawning Patterns and Herding,Seasoned players will have an easy time,exploiting the herding of ZEDs,as well as funneling chokes.Only the higher difficulties provide intensity,the alpha ZEDs comes to mind, a redeeming addition.Its comes out as mostly positives for me,wait for a sale and come join the ZED slaying guys!"
,Recommended,232090,27718918,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Trystonperry11,"It's a great zombie game, just not a great sequel to the original Killing Floor. Something about shooting the heads off of Zeds in the original was WAAYYYY more satisfying in the current game. Leveling system in KF2 is much faster, therefore better which is nice. Overally a must have steam game."
76561198089364391,Recommended,232090,27743010,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Thot Destroyer's Bf,Better with friends fun game.
76561198256541768,Recommended,232090,27851576,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,NATEPLAYS,It will not start for me
76561198010316566,Recommended,232090,27924517,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mysterious Stranger,"""refunded"""
,Recommended,232090,27933371,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Suwa + etc. [SWF2],OH GOD THE GUTS FLY EVERYWHERE 10/10
76561198006420240,Recommended,232090,27945265,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Skeith,"If you have friends and want to shoot,blow up,slash, torch zombies then this game is for you"
,Recommended,232090,27995045,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ragin Dragon,"you will go from playing one round to losing your entire afternoon.Runs smoothly, great fun too play, deserves more love !"
76561197994585644,Recommended,232090,28009181,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MegaTiny,"My friend and I are thoroughly enjoying the game, with it's hectic atmosphere making us laugh our bums off. We're having a blast. Looking forward to moving on to harder difficulties once we unlock some class perks. Loaaads of maps, most of which have an interesting progression mechanic (getting darker as the game goes on for example).We only have two complaints so far:1. The in-game shop is way too prominent, six hours of gameplay and we've only had one weapon skin drop naturally in game, while the shop has single skins that cost £10! Pretty ridiculous.2. There's only two bosses that can show up at the end of the round. It would probably be less noticable if they didn't have huge dramatic intros each time. They do have mechanics, but it boils down to them being huge bullet sponges with damaging AoE attacks."
,Recommended,232090,28106043,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ironhammer,"As you can see I play a lot of KF2, this has been a community game for a few friends since early beta. We played the original KF as well for a similar amount of time.I've loved the updates and balancing throughout the beta testing, new perks and gun balances made the game a fun challenge with a good feel similar to the original with a way newer engine and game dynamics without losing the origins of the game.The only downside is the last update for release which has turned the PC classic into a console shooter, wider corridors, less objects in the way and for me it's almost lost the PC feel it had which made the game fun for me.I'll still play the game but I don't look forward to it like I used to, moving on to other games in the library is such a shame, this should be the game I want to come back to now it's more like any other fps console game.Shame really pre release 9/10 now 7/10"
76561198348855949,Recommended,232090,28265035,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Dantte1802,very cool game
,Recommended,232090,28382493,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Pavlo,"Killing Floor 2, is certainly one of the best FPS's released this year. Fast-paced gameplay, with great graphics, animation and overall sound (music included). It's made for multiplayer but also has solo mode, which for me is always a plus. Especially when it works, and it surely works here. Developers, did a great job, and they are still supporting the game on high basis. I highly recommend it. Lots of gore and fun. Bought it pre-release and I have never regretted it."
,Recommended,232090,28421310,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Saotome Senshu.,love the fleshpound.
76561198003142155,Recommended,232090,28489463,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,zomby1872000,a must have for any fan of the first or any survival horror co op game. graphics are great and im a eye candy person. weapons are off the hook.
,Recommended,232090,28627270,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,[JC]FishPound,"I loved KF1 so much I formed a clan to have people to play with in 2011 and we're still playing on KF2.Early Access was a long and brutal, but now that it's finally hit full release I can say it really feels like a great sequel to KF1.Very well graphically polished and the gibs are amazing."
,Recommended,232090,28657138,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,(C)ommunist Manifesto Society.gg,I playerd killing floor 1 a while back and I finally got around to buying this during this sale. It has a lot of similar things to the first game but now the graphics ARE BEAUTIFUL and gameplay is awesome. The maps that come with the game look awesome and community maps are great. Honestly cant wait to play more of the game later.
,Recommended,232090,28773152,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,inj3ct0r.farmskins.com,Very fun game if u like killing zombies so much mayham good playing with friends
,Recommended,232090,28919376,Posted: 1 January,all,Tom Delonge,"This is probably one of the best things I've bought in awhile. I've had nothing but fun since I bought it, however- There is a lot of problems with actually getting the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to start. Other than that, 10/10, if you have the money do yourself a favor and buy this game."
76561198028620647,Recommended,232090,28993001,Posted: 3 January,all,ZeroEverhart,"ok... let's review this ♥♥♥♥♥.PROS-- shooting stuff is fun. plenty of guns.- plenty of zeds to shoot.- different classes for different kinds of gameplay- great with friends.- soundtrack is dope (if you're into metal and such)- game looks dope.Cons-the classes aren't really... that different. its only till later in the level progression for that class that you get really feel a difference. but that requires a bit of time in one specific class.- melee weapons are... well meh. in the sense that it feels like a melee weapon in an fps (seems to lack a weight behind it, if you've played it, the L4D series is a good example.) . a side plus point, melee does a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of damage. so its satisfying when you pop zeds with shovel.- as a horde game. it gets boring so you won't be playing this game for hours. its more of a pick up and play with friends for a bit kind of game.- pvp is aight.tl;dr  I recommend this game. its a solid 8/10 for replay and immediate fun. is it a long term play as a passion? no. just a quick pick up and play game. still totally worth it if you're into the whole horde fps model.~Cheers"
76561198088284857,Recommended,232090,29395269,Posted: 21 January,all,fryers,I bought this game yesterday and i can say that it is the most fun i have had on a game in a long time! it is fast paced and you'll enjoy it solo or even with a group of mates or other players online. i would recommend this game to anyone if you love zombie and gory games.
76561197970604744,Recommended,232090,29405339,Posted: 21 January,all,Ghost Bob,"I love this game, so, so much.Running around in a panic, killing zombies and trying not to lose sight of your teammates...What more could a guy ask for?...Smarter teammates, maybe?"
,Recommended,232090,29418734,Posted: 22 January,all,Eczema Humpertstein,"This game is great, I cant read so i dont know what the upgrades are. The surprise is fun though, the medic class is the best cause at lvl 25 you release healing fart gas."
,Recommended,232090,29428329,Posted: 22 January,all,croniktoast119,fun but if you lose a round you get complaints from level 25's playing on normal
,Recommended,232090,29432642,Posted: 22 January,all,PugChampion☠,Fantastic game satifying combat lots to unlock and do interesting maps and fun classes.
,Recommended,232090,29538358,Posted: 28 January,all,SauReo,"Really fun game to play, especially with friends!"
76561198043854931,Recommended,232090,29600830,Posted: 31 January,all,Assainbob,"It is such a blast to play. Seems like mindless fun at first, but as you go up in difficulty you will have to strategize to get through the rounds. There are tons of tense moments that get your heart racing and blood pumping. It keeps bringing me back."
76561198012095613,Recommended,232090,29640293,Posted: 1 February,all,Cpl. Punishment,Load time is uglier than a bloat with a bad suntan and a toupe'. Otherwise great game.
,Recommended,232090,29861662,Posted: 11 February,all,Kate,"Did you play the 1st Killing Floor and like it? If so you will love this one, it's a major step up. Playable characters are more diverse, the ZEDs (zombies) are also more diverse, they've added a few new ones and they've made the rest scarier, they're bigger, meaner looking, with scary sounds, That flesh pound will have you running for you life.Value for money: Yes! I've played over 200 hours and they keep adding content so there's still so many achievements I need to get. currently at only 50% ish since they added a heap more achievements.Playable with 5 other friends! or join a public server and play with some randoms, it's all good fun.Worried about it not being difficult enough? I think the difficulties will satisfy you, there's:-Normal (no sweat)-Hard (some sweating)-Suicidal (struggle to finish)-Hell On Earth (lucky if you survive the first wave)This game is also easier played with other people, the game give you more Zeds and makes them harder to kill with a larger team, but you need to draw on the strengths of the different classes to beat the Zeds, as some are resistant to bullets, others are resistant to explosives, some will destroy your grenades and simultaneously blow out your ear drums, it's good fun.So you can play by yourself , or just a few people, the game scales.The classes are also fun, there's one for everyone!You've got the Medic, Support (shot guns), Sniper, Gun slinger, melee, assult weapons, explosives, plus whatever I've forgotten.Definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,232090,30004048,Posted: 18 February,all,Creme Fraiche,awesome game. So much blood and gore weeeeeee!10.5/10
,Recommended,232090,30715560,Posted: 24 March,all,Desender,"I'm not a fan of the microtransactions in a game that you buy up front, but I do enjoy the free content that they keep producing. Ever since the first game, I've been following the Tripwire Interactive team and I'm happy for their successor game to Killing Floor. It was worth the wait, it truly was. This game is beyond amazing.The game is 50% off till March 27, and you can give it a try this weekend. Please do, and if you have fun (you will!) support Tripwire!"
,Recommended,232090,30748677,Posted: 26 March,all,Shydroz,tl;dr Awesome horde killing game.Pros+ Gore+ Teamwork needed+ Many tactics+ Hardcore when solo+ Various enemies aka Zeds+ Balanced stats (Less zeds' hp and numbers while playing with less players)+ Every new content never disappoint+ Forgiving recoil+ Still look cool in-game even if you didnt open any skin crate+ DOSH!Cons- Leveling up can be a bit boring- You can die easily and get frustrated if you made a mistake (and even more easier in harder difficulties)- Less horror element than KF1- *Still can't kill floors*
,Recommended,232090,30759374,Posted: 26 March,all,Armesis,"This game had a long and hard birth, but it turned into a solid, well polished game. With over 600 hours into KF2, im still not bored and still play it alot, there are very few proper PvE games like this and this one is a gem. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,232090,30822663,Posted: 29 March,all,Gleaming Heart,"Killing floor 2 is probably one of my favorite game to play with friends, its just a blast killing zeds with ur pals. I totally recommend it if u plan to play with a bunch of friends on this."
,Recommended,232090,30824905,Posted: 29 March,all,BlitzWing,None stop actions boi!
,Recommended,232090,31411606,Posted: 28 April,all,DIO DA,Do you love blasting zeds to dust or perhaps like to cook them? Well this game is for you and your buddies to all hangout and have some fun killing hordes of enemies!
,Recommended,232090,31646275,Posted: 9 May,all,Sneaky Squirrel,"This game is fun and addicting, but got bland faster than I wanted or expected. If you don't think you'd enjoy blasting Zeds round after round and that's it, then dont get it.It's a pretty faced paced game and the slow motion feature really shines because of that. Teamwork is required on higher difficulties, also the weapons are varied and fun to shoot Zeds with. There's a decent amount of player classes to choose from that are all viable in their own regards. There's different types of Zeds to kill with their own quirks to them as well. Also there's plenty of maps to choose from, with some being better than others but all fun to play on, and even more community made maps you can download if the vanilla ones get stale.I have a few gripes ill talk about now, first being that there's only 2 bosses to fight. This makes the end game very stale considering after facing each boss a couple times you now know what to expect forever.Another gripe is player movement, now ill start by saying that the controls are functional and fluid. My issues are I cant jump on objects easily or maneuver exactly how I want around objects getting stuck or frustrated just wishing that I could be more agile around the maps. They constantly limit you with akward invisible barries, and force you into a linear path. This makes the game less about my skill in maneuvering around the Zeds and more about getting every headshot before the Zeds get to me.My last gripe is with the VS mode, it's just straight up not fun. You get to play as the Zeds but all of them seem underpowered or weak, theres no strategy you just smack the humans a bunch and hope that you don't die fast. It's really not well thought out, you should get the game for the normal Survival mode instead imo.Overall the game is enjoyable, one I recommend and one I will continue playing. #PrayForAThirdBoss"
76561198066529176,Recommended,232090,31788737,Posted: 16 May,all,Barachiel,Great Shooter game with zombies and mutants whateer you call and far better then 1st one if you ask me. However gets repetitive easly. Its good to play and shot one or two heads to chill.I'm sure devs will look after this game with adding some more content.
76561198128929016,Recommended,232090,31795463,Posted: 16 May,all,AyyyItzCollin,best
,Recommended,232090,32391892,Posted: 13 June,all,๖ۣۜPrincess ๖ۣۜLu,"As an Early Access Tester, I rate 9/10."
,Recommended,232090,34471613,Posted: 24 August,all,DabbedOutSniper,If you like intense death metal and hordes upon hordes of crazy as f*ck enemies. Buy this game.If you like having servers with up to 236 people and over 700-1000 enemies PER WAVE. Buy this game.If you love violently murdering a large crowd of enemies with crazy dead rising style weapons. Buy this game.IF YOU LOVE DOSH BUY THIS F*CKIN GAME~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~L O A D S   O F   D O S H~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
,Recommended,232090,34746429,Posted: 4 September,all,Mythocツ,"this game has everything i want skins, loveable characters, cosmetics, cool enemies, extream gore, good maps everything :)"
,Recommended,232090,34753896,Posted: 5 September,all,Banshee,Awesome team game. Everyone needs to be on top of their game in the harder levels which is great for people who like a challenge. Easier levels is fun to just plow through zeds. Its good for leveling your perks or getting collectibles. Incorporates an rpg? aspect in that you can level your weapons class and do more damage or pick up new skills over time. Dark and scary maps too.
,Recommended,232090,34874280,Posted: 10 September,all,nice bloek,BOY I LOVE THIS ♥♥♥♥IN GAME
,Recommended,232090,35249112,Posted: 27 September,all,The Incredible Furnace,Second part of most badass game ever. Need sum DOSH?
,Recommended,232090,35399098,Posted: 1 October,all,DerpyDonut,"How could you not get this game? I got it a few days ago and I've been playing it nonstop. All the maps are amazing along with the unique music. All the characters and their different personalities are great, and most lines are pretty funny! In my opinion, this game is worth every dollar. The game does have slow updates but they're worth the wait. Just get the game already! IT'S REAL HECKIN FUN"
,Recommended,232090,26064096,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Asking Alesana,Best game in terms of gun play. An Amazing experiennce overall.
76561198048635680,Recommended,232090,26297739,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Sekai no Sakura,"Possibly one of the best co-op zombie survival games to date. Awesome gore-filled graphics, great detailed weapons, multiple maps. Great to play with friends or alone. A must have for any fps fan."
,Recommended,232090,26461500,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Get Schwifty,"Great game, i like the waves  idea and the graphics are really nice9/11 would take out the trade center again"
,Recommended,232090,27071628,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Skywalker X,"Though i was never a hard-core fan of Killing Floor, i´ve always enjoyed it´s simple premise, and fun as hell gameplay. I´ve only got a measely 80 hours in it, but goddamn if i wasnt pumped for Killing Floor 2 when it surfaced. Through the years Killing Floor 2 has seen a lot of care and work put into it, some just right, other things more ""questionable"".But i am here to say, this game is awesome, fun as hell, and only improves with the more freinds you have while playing it. I have enjoyed it a lot, and if you enjoy zombie games, survival games, or just guns and gore in general, you couldn´t have found a better match."
,Recommended,232090,27714417,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,haha,"Wow, what a♥♥♥♥♥♥game, every day I play this game I can feel myself getting dumber XD, the nose knows, love brian triple L"
,Recommended,232090,27741036,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MAJORLEE-HUNG,Great game
76561198035008756,Recommended,232090,27766325,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TerryTheTurtle,Probably my favorite game ever.
76561198084511803,Recommended,232090,27874169,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CrimsonChris93 [EXE],"I did not play the first Killing Floor game, but did get both in the Deluxe bundle. So, take this as a no expectations review because I was playing a lot of Left 4 Dead 2 before this came out.Pros:+ Love the Leveling system where you get Perks every 5 levels and each new level makes your character a little more useful.+ The balancing is really good in a Zed to player ratio.+ Requires a little strategy at higher levels in balancing out the classes used per game.+ Filtering is great for game search+ Graphics are great and the initial splash screen load times got better with the official release+ Community created maps are easy to download and joinCons:- Not all of the clases feel useful. I enjoy the Medic, Bezerker, Support, Firebug, Demolitionist, but the others don't feel fun to use. I enjoy classes with weapons or perks that are useful in all games, but the others (Commando, Sharpshooter, and the pistol wielder dont seem like they are necessary at all) just occassionaly nice to have.- Only the Survival mode is fun to me, I do not care for Versus. Those are the only two modes so I would hope they have more added.- For the extras I wish the soundtrack could have a non-lyric version like in-game has.- Wish there were more than 2 bosses.Overall, I enjoy the game on and off. I picked it up in early access and have 96 hours in it just after its official launch so for the waves-of-enemies styled games I enjoy this one. I may need to play KF1 and see how they compare."
76561198277243159,Recommended,232090,27890186,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Snake,it's ok
,Recommended,232090,27890756,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,chalupamonkey,This is a bloody good time.
76561198229153552,Recommended,232090,27991247,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,✪ 9/11 Was CT Sided,This game is awesome only had it for a few days but already love it.
,Recommended,232090,28002666,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Icekuma,Fun to play with friends or solo.
76561198345033991,Recommended,232090,28023091,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mario The Templar,Its aight
,Recommended,232090,28184686,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Stern,is good
76561198160588298,Recommended,232090,28217461,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Sm1,I dont think there is a better game....Zombie Slaying-METAL Music (instrumental) and a lot lot lot of guns !!!!!! This is a masterpiece !!!!!!!
,Recommended,232090,28278470,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Jink-Jaeger,"I played the original for a couple hundred hours, it was a a game I always went back to for mindless shooting fun. Also the themed holiday stuff was great. The enjoyment continues with this one with minor changes to the classes which I enjoyed, except for the survivor class, I still don't really understand the point of it. I also love the way the guns feel meaty and powerful, especially the shotguns. Blasting a poor little zed through the air across the map is always so astisfying. If you even remotely like mostly mindless murder then this is a game you will enjoy."
76561198008459496,Recommended,232090,28497198,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,tiolc21,The music is perfect for this game. This game keeps you on your toes. Even the most experienced players are constantly challenged. This game brings a lot to the table and is fun to play. I would highly recommend playing with friends. Makes it far more fun.
76561198151006445,Recommended,232090,28539378,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,SkullOfKillers,love this game and how it gets your blood pumping
,Recommended,232090,28663486,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Cabbuce,"Although I miss the british, kind of silly style of kf1, I very much enjoy the new improvements in kf2. The guns feel like they have a ton of force, and the animation is beautiful to watch."
76561198005983117,Recommended,232090,28677964,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,RadioActiveFreq,"It was lacking in content at launch, but now that we have more perks, more maps, and more weapons, this is a worthy successor to the first Killing Floor. The guns feel top-notch. The graphics are amazing. The game is well optimized. On Suicidal and Hell on Earth difficulty the game provides a challenging and heart-pounding experience, in a way that few other games do. If you're looking for co-op horde survival action, look no further."
76561198077890878,Recommended,232090,28774009,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Juicy Style,GG
,Recommended,232090,28884323,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Lucifer,Do you want dosh?Do you wanna kill zeds?Do you like shennanigans?Then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,232090,28961330,Posted: 2 January,all,Jimmy',A bloodbath itself.
,Recommended,232090,29075919,Posted: 6 January,all,「SUNBOAT」,It's legitimately one of the best first-person shooters i've ever played.Buy it.
76561198158151136,Recommended,232090,29438420,Posted: 22 January,all,BANG PUBGUpgrader.gg,very fun to play
76561198232585072,Recommended,232090,29997419,Posted: 17 February,all,Deets,"I like this game, mainly for the repaly value and the satisfaction of defeating zeds and expierimenting with different weapons, and different classes. I wish to see more weapons, and bosses though. Otherwise wanna kill some time and let out your inner zed killing madness. Now go kill some zeds!"
76561198061508066,Recommended,232090,30004088,Posted: 18 February,all,RoastedGum,You can run backwards. 10/10
,Recommended,232090,30018813,Posted: 18 February,all,Brainstew,"Gore, death metal, tons of weapons, zeds.10/10"
,Recommended,232090,30360015,Posted: 6 March,all,Vilezi,"This game is pretty fun, but could you guys please unplug the potato you use for your servers and actually use a something better... even a toaster would do the trick... Im getting seizures from trying to create a game to play with my friends because nothing is happening....!! Thanks XOXO!!"
,Recommended,232090,30599244,Posted: 18 March,all,Weeaboo (Of Sorts),"This game is a really good one and I don't think i wasted my money this time. Plenty of gore, a kickass soundtrack, Experiments and slaughter"
76561198166563768,Recommended,232090,30672489,Posted: 22 March,all,Spoopy Scooby,"A lot of fun, especially with friends. Really only gets repetitive if you're playing by yourself."
,Recommended,232090,30703022,Posted: 24 March,all,Insolent Fool,"A sequel done right. They took everything I liked about KF1 and improved it.Better graphics. It looks spectacular and runs really well. I get 150 fps on 1440p with a 1070 GTXBetter leveling system that feels like less of a grind. There's more classes, and more levels for each class but they come in faster and every 5 levels makes a big difference.Great animations. I love how hitting reload when your gun is full will pull the mag and check or♥♥♥♥♥♥the gun again. Also leveling up your reload skill with a weapon gives you an entirely different animation. Tactical reloads are way faster but also look badass as ♥♥♥♥.Lots of characters to play as, they have different voices and quotes and you can get more seperately as DLC but it's totally not necessary if you don't want to buy them. A nice touch is owning some games gives you access to extra content like owning Chivalry gives you a knight character and a zweihander sword in game. Also if anyone has this content they share it with everyone in the match too!Few games can match the satisfaction you get when bullet time kicks in and you get half a dozen headshots in a couple seconds. Highly recommended on your own and a must buy for coop with friends."
76561198016981740,Recommended,232090,30864940,Posted: 31 March,all,raygrace,i thoroughly enjoyed the original killing floor and when this came out i was exited for it. and when it was on the free play days i was amazed at how much i liked it even more than the first one. when i saw it was on sale i picked it up and for me it was the best purchase ive made on steam.  now im not very far in lvs but i would def. reccomedn this. if you like this kind of shooter.
76561198079354547,Recommended,232090,31048917,Posted: 9 April,all,Dante9985,A great game that everyone should try! If you liked call of duty zombies than this is perfect for you.
,Recommended,232090,31053515,Posted: 9 April,all,lil max chinese director,chinese approved.
,Recommended,232090,31234167,Posted: 19 April,all,heart under blade,berserker op
,Recommended,232090,31349991,Posted: 24 April,all,Tularean,it's okay
76561198019346417,Recommended,232090,31370093,Posted: 25 April,all,team600threadcount,"Not a bad followup to the original. Great to see some old weapons return and new ones too. Love the over abundance of content, its nice to play for a few hours and get something new- a character skin etc. I like."
76561198140475331,Recommended,232090,31640178,Posted: 8 May,all,-B,Best zombie fps game ever
,Recommended,232090,32991610,Posted: 29 June,all,BoneAche,"Good, clean, bloody fun! Great for the whole family!"
,Recommended,232090,33598147,Posted: 16 July,all,Brad,Sick game
,Recommended,232090,33844311,Posted: 27 July,all,- [ Takumi ] -,The best shooting game ever. I have played Killing floor 1 since 2010 to 2016. And now Killing floor 2. Still the best game for me. I recommend this game.
,Recommended,232090,33943301,Posted: 31 July,all,GP5,love it
76561198006780641,Recommended,232090,34133263,Posted: 9 August,all,Karl-Heinz,It's a killer game. Just like L4D in better.
,Recommended,232090,25902365,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Fudanshi,"Do not allow the early access tag to fool you, this is a well made game!"
76561198080224542,Recommended,232090,25955375,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,DarnedNut,"Awesome, Very Awesome game, It's a great challenge and it has alot of replay value, Great types of monsters and excellent bosses even though I wish the bosses were a little more of a challenge at times, it's still fun and the Christian heavy metal music by ""Demon Hunter"" is superb!, The music fits the game perfectly and at the same time lets you play you're own music if you'de like to,It has lots of blood and gore and maybe isn't advised for children or the squeemish, But it's one heck of a game!"
,Recommended,232090,26445062,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,pickle.ricc,headshots are satisfying.i enjoy when i see a melon-like object explode into giblets of red.
76561198189428717,Recommended,232090,26510973,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Ace,Have you ever wanted to shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥in the face? Do you like games that have good skill tree systems? Multiple classes to play? Unique weapons for said classes and perk bonuses? Have hordes of biogenetically engineered zombies with original attacks and animations? Amazing 6 player multplayer? Obnoxious music that you can turn off and have your favorite pandora station running in the background? Multiple achievments? Lots of ecellent gore animations? Zed Time? FREE DLC? Then this is the game for you. 9/10
,Recommended,232090,27069326,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Xieken,Game turn out so much better than when it was from Early AccessOnly concern would be some thing they promised on release like the new boss
,Recommended,232090,27150209,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Burning oreo,nice game !
,Recommended,232090,27160754,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BoxOne,เป็นเกมที่เล่นได้ตลอดเวลา ปกติชอบพวกเกมแนวนี้อยู่แล้ว ความคิดส่วนตัว  เกมนี้ผมให้ 8/10 ครับ
76561197975572579,Recommended,232090,27283627,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zer0,"I am not the 'Buy Everything on Sale' gamer, so I really must have a game stand out. This was that game for me. It reminds me of any Valve-Esq shooter, with amazing graphics and team play focus.-Stick Together-Conserve Ammo-Save Money for Better Weapons-Wave after Wave-Know When to Run-Know Where to Camp-Trap the Weak-Move onIt's quick.It's F***ing gore, blood, and body parts.Not quite undead, but freaky mutants.It has Bosses.It has Mods.Sell items for REAL MONEY. (Not sure how I feel, but ok)Not pay to Win.Price is Decent.Do it. Play it. Come back again and again."
76561198132253157,Recommended,232090,27433328,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,seal man,You can blow heads up in slow mo 10/10
76561198080541471,Recommended,232090,27586278,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Little Bear,best game ive played in a long time
76561198312533948,Recommended,232090,27660207,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Reactivity,Damn Dude. 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,232090,27686845,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jaycub,"If you played the first game, this is basically a graphical update with similar features. Nothing worng with that as they've aced it, The slow-mo never ceases to become a small relaxation period to rack up some headshots and kills.9/10 would play again."
76561198097637810,Recommended,232090,27761021,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,J3K,"During boss fight, it's like merry go round. 10/10 would run away in cirlcles"
76561198044384381,Recommended,232090,27819408,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,F4nTaZtiC,"This game is very cool, it has great graphics and good content <3"
,Recommended,232090,27862386,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DIRTYmasterchief,Sweet game and very good updates. Recommended
,Recommended,232090,27981364,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,♥☭Crimson Rage™♥,"Theres blood, guts, and what ever that is. Not to mention weapons that just tear through enemies. im starting to feel bad for them, But hell Help me make them suffer!"
,Recommended,232090,28000174,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Helios,Great zombie gameAwesome
,Recommended,232090,28013930,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,System,Great game to play solo or with friends!
,Recommended,232090,28021473,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Codsworth,"Excellent sequel! Tougher! And so much smoother too! Also, do yourself a favor and get the deluxe edition if nothing else for the soundtrack!"
76561197981843134,Recommended,232090,28025710,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pipito,I spent countless hours on this game... it's a must have.
76561198004357733,Recommended,232090,28437839,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Rey,"Simple game simple fun. For those who have never played it think 6 player Co-op Doom, but on a multiplayer map (which means theres no exploration) or Gears of War Horde mode."
,Recommended,232090,28593392,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,R4PE-N-B4KE,Great graphics :)
,Recommended,232090,28774576,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BAX,Lots of gore and i get to burn things with friends. 9/10
,Recommended,232090,28796540,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,㊡ ςáⓟPⓤcíηnⓞ ㊡,สนุกครับ
,Recommended,232090,28815179,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Skuly 👺,I loved dis game. it changu my lifu
76561198017436335,Recommended,232090,28853502,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,{3113},This game is FRICKEN AWESOME!. It has about three different types of zombies for each and every type of zombie from the past Killing Floor games and added heaps more new zombies and types as well and they are TERRIFYING if you come face-to-face with them (some even CHARGE at you) when reloading your weapon and now they pop up behind you as well.I had a great jump scare from a spider zombie who was right behind me when I was reloading and I turned around because I heard something behind me and 'IT' was straight away face-to-face with me and 'IT' was SCREECHING! (near right made a brown note. then and there.)A must have friends co-op multiplayer game you didn't know you needed. but is a must have game.
,Recommended,232090,28915461,Posted: 1 January,all,MalSaucyShip,"Killing Floor 2 is a very chaotic, bloody, and fun game. The best aspect is it's gun-play which is very good, better than most games today such as COD or any modern day fps. The animations are realistic and look smoothe, the game looks really nice. Also, the Coop is probably the best part of this game, I wouldn't recommend playing this game by yourself because it does get quite boring.Overall I would give this game a 9/10"
,Recommended,232090,29103599,Posted: 7 January,all,t.chk,"As someone who does not write reviews. This is worth reviewing.Map design:Killing Floor 1, was extremely well put together but each map had a 'spot' where you could force the game to balance in your favor. The 'spot' would have one point of entry, a beserker and a support specialist could win any match up to 'Hell on earth' without moving from the 'spot'(aside for ammo and armor).What i like the most about this game is that there are no decernable 'spots' to exploit. I feel the map creaters took a lot of time to create openings for every class to rack up kills.Classes:They bought back all the classes and added more. The new classes are much more flexible than the older classes. The game needed this because many of the other classes are easily over run if certain zeds show up in mass. This brings a nice burst firepower while the other classes are reloading/recoveringTeamwork:With the removal of 'spots' it now forces two general play styles.1) divide and conquer: team breaks up into two groups, a group of 4 generally and a group of 2. they go to two defensable spots and reak havoc only coming together when hopelessly overwhelmed.2) area denial: More popular but requires alot more coordination for success. find a more wide open area with 3-4 points of entry.The bosses:The Patriark is easier than Haans...To beat the patriark you simply need to use your bodies to block his exit(when he runs to heal) and mag drop into him. if he does not get away he is easy to kill.Haans...so annoying to kill, you just need to stay away from him and mag drop into him. but he runs faster than you, the gas slows you, and explosives rip through your armor. It just sucks.Therefore, I recommend a Nerf of Haans and maybe a ""teleport to run away"" ability for the Patriark."
76561197997260453,Recommended,232090,29256682,Posted: 14 January,all,Many-Named,This is it. The BEST horde game on Steam right now.
76561198070047155,Recommended,232090,29420747,Posted: 22 January,all,SMOKE,"This game is  just as good as the last, the new skins and weapon camos are a  bit annoying but  they dont really matter too much from a gameplay point of view. I played the first killing floor for about 240 hours and trying to rank up got boring but its nice in the game, especially with the skill points as well."
,Recommended,232090,29431235,Posted: 22 January,all,Flamboyant Moose,New update is amazing! Definitely worth the purchase!
,Recommended,232090,29557661,Posted: 28 January,all,EDDIE,the best game about running and shooting and zombies
,Recommended,232090,29605788,Posted: 31 January,all,thling7,is fun for some reason today i got reset every operator perk every time to zero lvl every time i play since my internet dccan you guys help me fix this?
,Recommended,232090,29873593,Posted: 12 February,all,Kessier,L4D2 on steroids
76561198018606886,Recommended,232090,29892555,Posted: 12 February,all,Mr. Wasabi,This is a must-have for zombie lovers.  $30 is an amazing price for this title.There are a plethora of weapon options as well as a leveling-up system (which provides extra perks to aid you in battle).Also has dedicated servers and steam workshop support.10/10 - would headshot again
,Recommended,232090,29913968,Posted: 13 February,all,IZISME,"I have reviewing the first game since many years ago, however, for the first time, this game, the second. I have for much times been fight with the zombies, but now they are more at bleed. The game guns do shoot, but not as frequent as i would ideal. If one were to ask to me ""is this the game with which i should buy my money?"" I would say to them ""no"", but if they instead were to ask me to ""i have a much number of money and am considering purchasing a game in which the zombies are shot"" i would tell them ""why are you speaking to me"". However, if they said to me ""hello, my name is Jason and I am your friend now that we have met. I have for many years been a buyer of things such as games, some of which i would ideally become the undead. is this the for me?"" I would say to jason that ""yes"". so if you are to ask to me about how many buyers to become, i must first ask to you; ""are you jason???"" because if you are, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,232090,30027018,Posted: 18 February,all,Carmine,killing floor but better
76561198002640268,Recommended,232090,30076437,Posted: 21 February,all,Dantounet,"I waited the official release before giving my review. Not that the game was bad before.It was already very good but some dev got the bad habbit of giving strong first impression during early access then give up their game as time pass.This is not the case here.I recently tried the new classes, weapon and crafting system. Overall the game is going in the right direction.Easy to access but hard to master, good graphism (the game engine is solid, I did not notice any freeze or fps drop even when dozens of enemies suddently appear on my screen), Various classes (some a bit overpowered but nothing game breaking)I recommend"
,Recommended,232090,30086355,Posted: 21 February,all,:(,GG
76561198013228186,Recommended,232090,30189658,Posted: 26 February,all,gazzas,"Awsome game to play , if you liked killing floor 1 you will like this game. best type zombie type game ever. well i think so"
76561198126764489,Recommended,232090,30919714,Posted: 3 April,all,Artalen,"Killing Floor 2, while certainly different from the first Killing Floor still manages to capture the essence of a good horde mode shooter. The gameplay is enjoyable and weapons pack a punch. The graphics are beautiful in their own gory way and overall give a very visceral feel.  If you're looking for a good impactful horde mode game with good amount of depth and customizability, go no further than Killing Floor 2."
,Recommended,232090,31357778,Posted: 25 April,all,Dreth,"Blood, gore, and heavy weaponry. Need I say more?"
76561198096926034,Recommended,232090,31609832,Posted: 7 May,all,PandaPunch,"Extremely fun if you need a game that you can play with a group of friends. Play on an easier diffuclty if you just want to kick back and relax. I you are looking for a challenge or are just that try hard type of player, make sure you turn the diffuculty all the way up. All the characters in the game have great personalities and are sure to give you a good laugh or two. All the custom maps/servers for this game are excellent and I reccommend that you try them out as you level up your character. I would also suggest that instead of playing the character that you think is the most over powered, that you just play the class that suits your play style the most. There are a ton of classes and each of them is enjoyable in their own way."
,Recommended,232090,31617128,Posted: 7 May,all,Anomaly,If you are a fan of the first game - GET THISIf you your favorite color is red - GET THISIf you don't bother with cleaning up blood spills - GET THISIf you got no time for a story and just want to mindlessly slaughter - GET THISGET THIS
76561198184358641,Recommended,232090,31651081,Posted: 9 May,all,KillerFlea,very good game challaging.You'll get tire of dieing if you don't 1 play solo or have a bad team
,Recommended,232090,31664970,Posted: 10 May,all,UNHOOKSIMULATOR2018,kill some zombies. whats not to like
76561197970642692,Recommended,232090,31778666,Posted: 15 May,all,}{ydro,"Very enjoyable game with lots of blood and guts.  Most of my friends quit playing it early because of the repetitiveness of it but I enjoyed it too much so I found other ways to keep myself entertained.  For instance, I ranked up all of the characters, got all of the achievements and after all that was done, I would help other players beat the hardest maps.  I don't play anymore but I definitely will again, I hope they keep releasing content for it.  It's a classic already in my book."
,Recommended,232090,33255669,Posted: 4 July,all,GARBBO_DOGGO,THIS GAME IS SO MUCH FUN AND IS SO ACTION PACKED LOOKING FOR A GOOD HORDE WAVE BASED GAME BUY THIS ASAP
,Recommended,232090,33813889,Posted: 26 July,all,Mortamost,"I never was really a fan of FPS games until my friend told me about this one. Killing Floor 2 goes above and beyond the typical zombie shoot-'em-ups, and gives the player a variety of ""perks"" to have. From weilding a belt-fed gun that shoots sawblades to a magnetically powered sniper rifle, this game offers a vareity of playstyles a niche to fit in. I have only had this game for about 3 days or so, but I can tell that this game is my jam. Amognst the classes and weaponry, Killing Floor 2 offers maps with such detail and story one could get lost in appreciating the effort Tripwire Studios has put into every detail of the maps. And if you get bored of the same old maps, the community workshop on Steam has created an assortment of downloadable maps that are as professional as Tripwire's. The community alone is one of the freindliest I've ever seen on Steam, and the gameplay is just pure blood, and tons of fun."
,Recommended,232090,34532488,Posted: 27 August,all,𝒟𝒶𝓃𝓉𝑒 (Rottnrott),Well I can't really say much since I only have around 11 hours for this game but I guess I can do a review on it.Pros:Gory & BeautifulTons of charactersTons of different perks to master6 player co-opSteam WorkshopCons:Just like TF2 & CSGO with getting crates but needing to buy keys to open themNot laptop friendly (You should know that though)Need a decent PC to runLost a KF1 feel to itBut with that said I would give this game a 8/10 and would recommend this game to anyone who likes wave after wave of killing things and having teamwork.
,Recommended,232090,35228268,Posted: 26 September,all,Thebigredpeanut,"one of my favorite games, but it will get so grindy/repetitive that its not worth it. i play sharpshooter and just one shoting fleshpounds and husk makes it all worth it. the blood is amazing and If you like gore this is a great game for you. they are still updating the game at this time and is well worth the purchase if the game is on sale 10 - 15 US dollars in my opinion is worth it."
,Recommended,232090,26122722,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,LordRasler,Pretty fun game
,Recommended,232090,26546346,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Corgi,Soo much blood!!
76561198050441177,Recommended,232090,27063203,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Swagger1889,"Guns. Gore. Glory. What more can you ask for. This is a huge improvment from the original Killing Floor. Love the many perks, guns, maps and the total carnage that ensues. KILL EM' ALL!!!!"
76561198030101359,Recommended,232090,27586140,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BagelLick,this ♥♥♥♥♥ awesome dawg
76561197987716578,Recommended,232090,27722959,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,vincentga7,When you are arguing with your friends about the game you should play. Thats the game you should choose
,Recommended,232090,27761643,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ordinary,"Extremely fun game I recomend listening to the metal gear soundtrack, playing as beserker and going ham on anything that moves (or doesn't)."
76561198038735342,Recommended,232090,27936272,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Joaren Firehand,"Played the hell out of the first game with friends and when this was released on steam, I got the deluxe edition just because I enjoyed the first game so much.The game itself is enjoyable especially with buddies with some of the chaotic moments that seem to happen every game. The difficulty choices for the game has been changed for the better I feel since it actually requires you to make the most use of your perks and weapons since it limits the ammo that spawns on a map .while making the zeds deadier with different attacks and such.One of the flaws I have with the game is it feels like there aren't many weapon vareity for each perk but that can be changed when more content is added to game down the road."
,Recommended,232090,27970643,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Martin,Even more fun than the first game!
,Recommended,232090,27995381,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FluffyDeath,This game has made massive strides to surpass it's previous title and I have a feeling with the same time and effort put into the first it will with out a doubt do just that.
,Recommended,232090,28826175,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,buts,"Disclaimer: I haven't played the first game, so no comparisons.This game is very action-packed and fun, you can kill zombie-- I mean Zeds, with a killer soundtrack! If you ask me, it's worth my money, but in my opinion, the price during sales could be lower, so more people can have it. It's fun playing with your friends in the harder difficulties, because it's not all fun & games at that point. The slow-motion sequences are so cool, it makes you feel like a badass that's cornered by a bunch o' zombies and you have nothing else to do but fight.Now, I'm playing on a ASUS X556UB laptop, and the specs are not that great for modern games, but it ran this game quite well! Almost any hardware can probably play this title.Also, if I were to suggest improvements for this game, it would be, more zombies, more BGM, more modes and more character customization. :D8.5/10"
,Recommended,232090,28833091,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Brandog484,"Though there were a significant amount of problems with game balance during the beta, this is the definitive zombie style wave clear game, which is a pretty hefty title considering zombie shooters are in no short supply. What sets Killing Floor 2 apart from the rest is the attention to detail in every aspect that makes a shooter feel satisfying. Gun animations are all fluid, character animations look realistic, and the harder difficulties present a decent challenge. The usage of nvidia's FleX particle based simulation gives an unprecedented level of grotesqueness to all visual aspects of the game. Highly recommend"
,Recommended,232090,28869267,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Filamont,"3 words:simple,addictive,fun"
,Recommended,232090,28972266,Posted: 3 January,all,Brodie,"Very fun with people who are friendly or know what they are doing. My first match went perfectly because I had a couple veterans walking me through the game's progression and perk system. Highly recomended to play with a group of friends. Best horde based game I have played recently and great, friendly player base.*Sidenote* running it at ultra make the game so much more enjoyable. I love watchng the fire and explosions in zed time and the game is just overall gorgeous.9/10"
,Recommended,232090,29002343,Posted: 4 January,all,Trouble,"I enjoyed it really much. Even tho it gets repetitive at times, its fun, its chaotic, One of the things I didn't like is that theres only 2 bosses, I really wished there were more."
76561197986048179,Recommended,232090,29269806,Posted: 15 January,all,Chef Gordon Ramsay,awesome hype♥♥♥♥♥shooter where you can make a character that wears a suite of armor out of cardboard what the hell else do you want or need
,Recommended,232090,29576903,Posted: 29 January,all,little cups,"A must get if you have friends that own this game, if you don't then get friends that do own this game"
,Recommended,232090,29597898,Posted: 30 January,all,LoliSpanker,Buy it if you want to kill zeds and spam dosh at people
,Recommended,232090,29618171,Posted: 31 January,all,Cel. ANDREZAO,Frenético!!!!!!!!
76561198332833025,Recommended,232090,29708440,Posted: 4 February,all,channing0043,action packed gore infested mayhem! easily one of the best games ive ever played!thanks tripwire!!
76561198341297722,Recommended,232090,29946035,Posted: 15 February,all,xcaythe,"fun and hella entertaining game, especiallly its CO-OP Mode"
76561198333640890,Recommended,232090,30043429,Posted: 19 February,all,Max's.Will.It,"(sorry if my english's bad)Amazing !! so far I'm really enjoy playing Killing Floor 2 for about 14 hours of game time.Smooth game mechanic with full replayability, Especially online mutiplayer with friend on stable connection, Alot of weapon of choice for all classes like berserker for the melee class and commando for the assault rifleman etc, Or you could just choose survivalist if you don't know what kind of weapons you wish to choose.But here the downside, after 14 hours gaming I manage to rise 3 classes to 15 level I was hoping for more gear in my inventory instead of 3 hats which you could get after the tutorial, but 1 hat and 2 crates? The crates need key to open and I was wondering how am I gonna get that key ? later find out I need to spend money to get the key in order to open all the crates.I pay Rm75 which is pretty steep in malaysia but I also need to spend another RM 20 or more just to open the crates even though I get those by drop, are you kidding me? I pay full game money and still need to pay more for a non-existed cosmetic item. What, WHy? this cheap money graping tactic kinda frustrating me and I'd hope dev could change this kind of greedy idea. Please I do not want to offend the dev, but this kind of business skim need to take action, so people like me and all of malaysian would one day enjoy playing the game, by spending on steam and feel rewarding for all the hardwork for trying to complete all the achivement with rewarding experience.(I may recommend this game because there alot of potential, but I hope the dev take note on the cheap buisness skim issue.)"
76561198024313913,Recommended,232090,30133907,Posted: 23 February,all,Rammy of ze shores™,Killing floor 2 in a nutshellGoreGunsZeds
76561198125668791,Recommended,232090,30387272,Posted: 8 March,all,Lucky101,I love the game it's just like the first one only waaay better yes thx devs!
76561198279393908,Recommended,232090,30465115,Posted: 12 March,all,MalaSuerte,It's a great game if you like leveling up and customizing your playstyle. Definitely recommend playing with friends to make things more interesting.
,Recommended,232090,30677877,Posted: 22 March,all,Cacophone,"Killing Floor 2 is all about killing zombies, and that's where it truly shines. Its gameplay mechanics are simple but solid. New content gets added from time to time, though community-made maps and rules are always a good way to add some diversity when there is a period of content draught. All in all, it's a solid co-op shooter experience, especially if you have some friends to play with."
76561198025203526,Recommended,232090,30774492,Posted: 27 March,all,The909Virus,"The simplified zombie-arcade aesthetic with lots of customization, progression, stylization, and you get collectable and tradable cosmetics for playing. It's co-op multiplayer with few gamemodes much to the amount of Overwatch, as with how addicting the the flow and the way it commendates gameplay than kills alone.It runs well on my potato msi gl62m 7rd  (i5, gtx 1050) at 60fps, no bugs, no ridiculous lag.Buy this game once it's on sale. but if you bought full price, i mean hell it's still addictive."
76561198003580112,Recommended,232090,30777874,Posted: 27 March,all,pineapple warrior,absolutly love this game
,Recommended,232090,30889860,Posted: 1 April,all,Razboy27,This game is pretty fun and perfect for those who just want to play with friendsDANK
,Recommended,232090,30971693,Posted: 5 April,all,Kangaroo Salesman,"Killing Floor 2 is very grindy compared to the first Killing Floor. In Killing Floor 1 the maps are much much larger and you have more freedom to run around and escape which also made things more mysterious as well. With KF2 the maps are smaller (think Call of Duty size). Just the map changes make the zeds or mutants feel like the same thing over and over and over again.XP is very hard to gain in this game, you'll have to play for centuries (which im sure is the developers goal) in order to rank up your perks. The perk (or class system) is very fun. The game has your run of the mill standard FPS classes such as the medic or sniper. Also has more interesting classes like gunslinger or beserker.KF2 has a much more faster movement system than KF1. This killed one of my favorite aspects of the first game, which is to weld doors closed. Welding doors closed with your team was so much fun and involved alot of planning with your team in the first game. Although KF2 does have welders and you can weld doors shut, everyone now wants to run around like Call of Duty.The Killing Floor series is Tripwires best franchise. Although this game isn't for me, it did provide me with a few hours of fun before I got easily burnt out. I would highly recommend playing this game with friends as it would seem more fun than simply grinding through in public servers.7/10"
76561197991458714,Recommended,232090,31940959,Posted: 24 May,all,Thasalotta Cardboard,A good wave-based zombie shooter with rpg-style character progression
76561198073436941,Recommended,232090,33846963,Posted: 27 July,all,ELM,R E Q U E S T D O S H
76561198302074550,Recommended,232090,33977816,Posted: 2 August,all,blockbusting,10/10
,Recommended,232090,34099910,Posted: 8 August,all,Archnium,Sheer Brilliance!
,Recommended,232090,34142679,Posted: 10 August,all,TheKansasMan,"Excellent game in my opinion. Simple zombie style mechanics without going overboard on the classic ""zombie"" icon. You can do this like a hack n slash or you can FPS it out. They have added 6 additional classes since release and one of them includes a flame thrower. Its worth the support and worth your time to atleast check this game out. The game has gotten even better with the addition of player-created maps."
76561197976411316,Recommended,232090,34192345,Posted: 12 August,all,Code.Alien,"Another GREAT!!! Zombie Eradication Game!This game is a bit on the gorey side (Lots of gore,violence, dismembered parts flying everywhere lol)Besides the gore, very nice community, fun action combat, & best part slow motion time!!!Dozen or more classes that you can select and level. Leveling will increase many stats and becomesvery enjoyable as time passes.This game is Stage based with the final stage as ""Boss""! (Survival)As of now their are only 2 bosses at random.Custom content is available and freely browse server lists!Steam Marketplace is accessible to purchase more in-game items at ur leisure.If you dont have this game & Love killing zombies, STOP READING & GO PURCHASE IT!!YOU WILL NOT REGRET THE CHOICE OF BUYING THIS GAME!!! try and see for urself!!!"
76561198064265841,Recommended,232090,34542268,Posted: 27 August,all,Imfrknbad,Just as amazing as the original
,Recommended,232090,34544320,Posted: 27 August,all,Sperdakos,It brings you back to the good ol' co-op fps days.
,Recommended,232090,34564080,Posted: 28 August,all,badgermatrix,"Very fun game to play... with friends! playing with other players is alright but nobody talks has a mic or cooperates and the rare occurence that someone does talk they're c""^tsnot much replayability, ended up playing custom maps quickly and that didnt last long"
76561198357656831,Recommended,232090,34572801,Posted: 29 August,all,serious mouse,Awesome zed exterminating fun.Thats all i have to sayalso some new guns and gadgets would be nice thographics 7/10game mechanics 8/10fear factor 9/10fleshpound's badass roar before spawning into the map to tear you to pieces 11/10GOOD WORK TRIPWIRE
,Recommended,232090,34745378,Posted: 4 September,all,SH0CKWAV3_IXX,Better than Fl1 for sure because the bosses were way to hard to even beat
,Recommended,232090,35073489,Posted: 19 September,all,MySeLf,+ addictive+ gory+ great gunplay+ needs good team coordination in higher difficulty levels.+ co-op+ well optimized (if you don't turn on Nvidia fluid or gibs)+ lots of guns and playstyles to explore.- it can get somewhat repetitive.- sometimes frustrating if you don't have a good team.- people always play the same maps.
76561198073546920,Recommended,232090,35174398,Posted: 24 September,all,Not Without My Anus,V good!
,Recommended,232090,35228187,Posted: 26 September,all,Jokah,"What PAYDAY 3 should aspire to be - a more graphical, intuitive and ""♥♥♥♥ it, I'll run this""-y game that harkens back to the the original.Besides, running around with SMGs and wrecking everything hasn't been this fun since the generic yearly shooters."
,Recommended,232090,26359287,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Trimity,Nice
,Recommended,232090,26428466,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ＪｙｎｘｙＹ \ \  淡い,"It's a really good survival co op game. As good as it gets for that genre, with virtually unlimited content due to modding. Simply worth it."
,Recommended,232090,26441215,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,FreakinFuzz,Great game with a REALLY awesome soundtrack.
76561198095900276,Recommended,232090,26444217,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,The Mad King,"For those of you who have owned and played Killing Floor 1 you should also like this one too. There was for me at least, a bit of a learning curve in terms of how the gameplay seems more fast paced than the first. It took a little getting used to. But once you get the controls down and the franticness of the hordes coming at you it is actually a very fun and enjoyable game. Me being a huge fan of Killing floor 1 and maxing out three classes, i would say Killing Floor 2 is much more forgiving in the class leveling up department. And its also much more streamlined and enjoyable to level up your class in Killing Floor 2 as opposed to the first."
76561198250130986,Recommended,232090,26481381,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Goot,"I will just say it right now and get it over with, and that's that I like this game. It's not too much, not too little. I don't love it, I like it."
,Recommended,232090,27050564,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JM,splat woosh piupiu pow pum
76561198013752951,Recommended,232090,27732892,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,diceman112,more like grinding floor 2 amiright
,Recommended,232090,27783755,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Spaz McBomb,"""A""  There's one thing that Killing Floor delivers well and it's a power trip on the edge of a knife.  It's not hard to fall and take your team with you, but as long as your in the zone your a whirlwind of carnage.  The rush of saving a teammates life with a well placed shot across the room without them even realizing they were seconds from death is a movie-like treat no other game has delivered as nicely as Killing Floor.Let people squable about the minute details, updates, balance and the like, but at no time for me has it lacked in fun based on the game experience."
,Recommended,232090,27896216,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Spooktri,"Chanlenging , fun with people , ALOT  of gore , unique in every difficulty with suprises waiting for you"
76561198031729475,Recommended,232090,27913753,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Ripper,Gore Galore! 10/10 would smash your head again.
76561198015487308,Recommended,232090,27920802,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Grave,"Only downside is, not enough servers."
,Recommended,232090,27937674,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BROKE,"Killing Floor 2 is doing what the first episode did. Brutal and action-packed co-op zombie shooter , In addition to the first game this one has a lot of improvements like ~- game mechanics,-new animations for zeds,-graphics.-soundtrack, and more.The basic strategy is uncomplicated ~-stay grouped. ''cooperation with team is crucial if you want to be successful (mainly in higher difficulties)''-conserve ammo.-have a good healer.-know when to run away.-know what parts of the map give you the most room to maneuver.I really recommend this game! because it is a team-based game, great for gaming with friends, as well the price is very good!"
,Recommended,232090,27993306,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hammarn,New maps and this game would be extremely good.
76561198028390242,Recommended,232090,27994427,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Rentable,"Killing Floor 2 greatly improves on the previous cult classic Killing Floor.  More classes, guns and levels including a vast market place of additional skins.  The only down side to the game, in my option, is how rare skins are obtain after a game.  They have a ""breakdown item"" system where you can breakdown common skins to upgrade to more rarer skins.  This process takes an unreasonable amount of time."
,Recommended,232090,28379937,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Newtonic,Such a chaotic and fun game. DOSH!
,Recommended,232090,28431712,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,diablix @Bollnas,the gore system is kawl
,Recommended,232090,28438381,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Zeuxurt,"Skill combo game , zombie game like this so awsome :D"
,Recommended,232090,28541855,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,✶Everyone is illusion✶,Can you please add some cool christmas hats and other stuff to store ? if its not too late
,Recommended,232090,28664766,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,FLipSide,I really liked the mechanic specially how it has so many classes. If you loved zombies game this game is really worthy buying. It has so many maps as well. Really fun to play friends.
,Recommended,232090,28671530,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,realz,"After I listened to RAGS's thought about this game, i decided to pick this game up when there is a sale. Fortunately Winter sale came a few days after that. Definitely worth to buy. Killing Floor 2  is definitely repetitive but fun game ."
,Recommended,232090,28787202,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,PeterVanthePUBGpan,Best wave survival based game ever. Just buy it.
,Recommended,232090,28821117,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Archangel,"Short Review:A very solid class based fps focused mostly on ""PvE"" rather than the usual pvp, with lots of classes to try (10 as of this review) and enough variety in the maps to make you play long enough...until you see that this game's fatal flaw is repetition.Give it a shot if you loved the first and just want some basic zombie shooter that isn't an asset flipAvoid it if you never liked the first or just don't want to move on.Long Review:Killing Floor is quite a game for me: it was literally my first game purchased on steam (my very first game was actually the orange box as a retail) and thanks to my clan I actually spent countless hours in it, despite being having the flaws of being grindy (reaching level 6, the max, was a chore beyond belief) and also incredibly repetitive. On top of that certain classes weren't as great for higher difficulties, like the Berserker being shred apart or requiring a sniper to kill out Fleshpounds or you'd wipe, so in the end it was very ""meta"".KF2 on this regard, feels incredibly polished and despite some flaws, I'm honestly baffled by the amount of cure and detail in it.First things first, the core game remains the same: various waves (from 4 to 10 + boss) will send you various kind of Zeds that you must kill in order to continue, and while most of them are fodder for your guns you'll eventually get to fight beefy ones (Scrakes, Fleshpounds, husks and eventually the boss) which require some focus to take them down. One of the most interesting features is the perk system which allows you to choose 2 different passives every 5 levels, which is quite useful and gives some variation to the old formula. LEvelling is also straightforward: you must kill with your designated weapon (aka, a sniper must kill with the Winchester) or do something specific (heal with medic, headshots with sniper, etc). On top of that you can also level up other classes thanks to this system by simply using a weapon of another class, although I don't see why you would do that unless you need to support damage.At any rate, it's simple yet very important upgrades: the grind is still there but each level gives you boost to your stats and every 5 levels will unlock a perk, and each class are pretty useful and give enough variation to the gameplay that I'm genuinely looking forward to try every classMy issue however is...well the game itself: it's repetitive. VERY....VERY repetitive, and this is unfortunately an issue that also the first game had. Sure it's more varied, you can download maps, skins and other things, but the game will remain the same and nothing really changes. I know there's also Survival VS, which should be team deathmatch or something, but I haven't found many groups for it, since that KF2 is essentially a PvE game.Another issue I found is the stability: I don't have an extremely strong pc but the game tends to crash or stop working quite often, especially right at the beginning. I can play most fps at a reasonable setting, but this game feels very unstable sometimes and right a moment ago, while doing solo for fun, the map started to glitch out and made me nearly have an headache. I hope it's just an occasional bug.And for last, but not the least, microtransactions: it uses the TF2 system where you either get random drops OR boxes you must unlock for loot, as well as a shop for additioanl stuff to get. I don't like this system personally but I don't like DLCs either, but at least it's entirely cosmetic stuff so that's at least something...for now.So, do I recommend? Yes! I thought it was great and it's a fun game to play in short bursts: after 1 or 2 matches you'll most likely take a break and stop, but I think that's the way to play: just play a little bit, enjoy, then take a break for a couple of hours and whatnot for then return fresh and ready for more....although I can see room for improvement on this."
76561198041953324,Recommended,232090,28892804,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,thesultan_md,epic music solid graphics and effectsvery good gameplay mechanics and level designeits simply the best horde coop shooter
76561198005334413,Recommended,232090,28916402,Posted: 1 January,all,Panasonic 3DO,"If you liked Killing Floor 1 you will most likely like this one.  I wouldn't spend more than 20 bucks on it though.Pros:-Runs well with all the standard PC features you would expect, ie mod support, nice server browser, graphics options ect ect.-Lots of different classes (known as perks)-Mechancs are nice. Gun play is very statisfying.-Nice gore/physics. Blowing off heads, gibbing enemies is great fun.-Good metal soundtrack that suits the game.Cons:-Game is fairly repetitive which is played best in short spurts.-Not a ton of content. Only 2 bosses is a big con. Should have been at least 3-4 imo. The same two boss battles gets old quick.-Microtransation system (cosmetic items only). I believe you can get most if not all the items through the loot drop system but I am not 100 percent sure on that. The problem is the drop is system is pretty crappy. Very low drop rates and when you do get a drop it may be a crate which you need to buy a key from the store to open. The same system from TF2. Keys are $2.50 each.Overall I would recommend if you are looking for a coop wave based game. I wouldn't pay more than 20 bucks though."
76561198258776962,Recommended,232090,28970818,Posted: 3 January,all,EL PAINGUIN0,solid game
,Recommended,232090,29012713,Posted: 4 January,all,AVATAR OF THE 6 TREES,cant remember why i bought this but i love it.
76561198027058385,Recommended,232090,29834615,Posted: 10 February,all,EntropyNT,"This is one of my favorite games right now. I'm a big fan of online multiplayer coop, was a big fan of L4D2, and this continues on in that vein (sort of) with great graphics that still runs well on a modest gaming PC. The gunplay is excellent, the best I've ever seen, and the guns are very satisifying to use.Sure, it's repetitive and a bit of a grind to level up, but if you like coop zombie FPSs this game is for you."
76561198354036828,Recommended,232090,30023703,Posted: 18 February,all,KegOfMayo,I loved it plain and simple as that.
,Recommended,232090,30080399,Posted: 21 February,all,Sh4nks,"So many zombies, so many exlosions, so much blood, so much fun. The price of this game is its only downfall. I think this game is worth what it is but only one of my friends could afford this game. Fortunetly, we have so much fun it is worth it. I think this game is much better than the first one and adds so many more things. Get this game if you have at least 1 friend who will get it with you."
,Recommended,232090,30203918,Posted: 26 February,all,Allyski,"TL:DR: While seen to be a little disappointing, the game can be great for fans of KF and people who would like to see it go bigger. Lack of content is really the only gripe I have with this game (basically making Borderlands with less guns than the first is what happened) due to no workshop or real DLC yet. Buy it if you want to support it, or play KF1 if you want a lot more content.KF2 is the 2nd game in the Killing Floor series by the lovely Tripwire Interactive. It's fun and somewhat addictive, but it falls short due to it still being in development and lack of content. Don't get me wrong, this game is great and it does have a okay amount of content, but every now and then I want to play KF1 becasue I feel like I can get more out of it at times.The original had a workshop where you could download skins or original guns entirely, but had a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of DLC for guns and characters in the game. KF2 doesn't have any DLCYET, but has microtransactions for harmless weapons skins and accessories.This is where the lack of content feeling comes from. The first had more stuff from DLC and Workshop creations, even if you had to pay for some of it. While the 2nd has like 5 guns per class and just a bunch of stuff from cases. Now I understand there are free things coming out like perks and gamemodes and maps, but I'm looking at the now state of the game, and more likely gun wise. Hell, even a new Zed would be nice.Graphically, YES YES YES. Amazing blood, maps, guns, blades, characters, zeds, everything. It's so beautiful compared to the first and many more games. It takes a modern graphic look on the zeds, making them more mutant-y and gore-y.I bought this game because of the fun I had in the first. It's fun, but can be seen as disappointing to some. Tripwire makes a bunch of good games likes RO2, Rising Storm, and KF, but I just wanted to see more from this personally. If you feel like there's enough stuff, then that's fine by you :)."
76561198215050847,Recommended,232090,30309463,Posted: 3 March,all,Frank Stalker,Great
,Recommended,232090,30383962,Posted: 7 March,all,TheLurkingGamer,"An amazingly created game. I highly recommend this to everyone.Great Graphics, gameplay, and difficulty to the point where its difficult, but rewarding."
,Recommended,232090,30433343,Posted: 10 March,all,BigJigglyNutSack2,"3.9-4Hours in, i bought the game today because i felt like killing things and this satisfied my need for that. Intense gameplay, requires a lot of focus and a tad bit of skill. I'll definately continue playing this amazing game! The gore is 9/10,grapics 8/10,gameplay 9.5/10. Is it worth £20? In my opinion, yes, £20 for a game with unlimated ammounts of fun is a bargin, £30-£35 is what it should be. I highly recommend this to anyone with a psycotic itch for murder and gore, the killing is very satisfying and the slowmotion you get after a epic kill is helpful for making you look like a badass online.It offers Offline play as well, so if you don't like online, you've always got the option to go Offline, although their's no Split-screen, it's still fun to play with your buddies or random people and make new buddies.No campaign just survival. There's a Versus mode where you can play as a Zom(Enemy) and kill the other players. Highest rounds you can set is 10, which believe me, is enough, each round can last 30-1h depending on your skill and or the difficulty it has been set to.Keep in mind, you'll eventually be doing the same thing over and over, if you don't mind that then -I VERY HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS. It has Steam Workshop support so always new things to try.Also, hope you love Russians' because this game is full of them(3/4, only downside)."
,Recommended,232090,30511186,Posted: 14 March,all,✭Ponies In Socks✭,"A fantastic game! Really fun, great to burn away those excess hours! Maybe could do with a few bug fixes but other that that.... GET IT!"
76561198248115792,Recommended,232090,30653762,Posted: 21 March,all,M4D_L3O,Great game... just started playing it and its so simple and fun.... BLOOD everywhere headshots zeds getting dismembered and when you are low on ammo you prey 10/10
76561198039274613,Recommended,232090,30697006,Posted: 23 March,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,Best.
,Recommended,232090,30759668,Posted: 26 March,all,IronMan,This Nice Game I Recommended This Game.Bloody Game!
76561198119362252,Recommended,232090,30823299,Posted: 29 March,all,chucklefish,bloody frickin amazing
,Recommended,232090,30857651,Posted: 31 March,all,Osiris,"Killing Floor 2:What a fantastic game. Killing Floor 2 is a revolutionary addition to the co-operative shooter family. It's FPS style gameplay along with it's character building perk classes and gun sets allow for the game to adapt to whatever your playstyle happens to be. A few minor altercations made in it's recent release from beta have increased the quality of the game for all players. Overall, this game deserves a 9/10. Now begins the real review.Warning! Spoilers ahead!In Killing Floor 2, an outbreak caused by Horzine Biotech's failed experiment has quickly spread among the European populace. All government and military has collapsed, and the virus is everywhere. It has caused a transformation in it's hosts, making them ravenous and bloodthirsty monsters. Those that have survived have gone into hiding. However, not all hope is lost. A group of mercenaries (you) have banded together to fight the outbreak. Together, they travel to virus hot spots and use their own special abilities to eradicate the outbreak presence in that area.When starting a normal co-operative survival match, you will be asked to choose a perk deck. Right now, all they change is the loadout which you start with. All classes start with a primary weapon, a pistol, a melee weapon, and a grenade type. Later on, after obtaining ranks, you will unlock various class abilities, which can be changed on the startup screen. Once everyone has accepted their loadout, the game will begin and you will be placed in a random spot on the map along with your teammates. Immediately, a wave of Zeds will spawn and you will be forced to kill them using only your starting loadout. At the end of each wave, a shop will open. The game will direct you to the shop, where you can purchase, armor, ammunition, and new weapons. However, you can only purchase a set weight of weapons at a given time. On the proceeding wave, you will be able to use these new weapons to assist you in your fight. On the final wave, a boss Zed will spawn. This being is incredibly powerful and will require your entire team to kill. At three intervals during the fight with the boss, he will activate his special ability. For example, one of the boss Zeds abilities is to retreat from the fight and heal a set amount of health before returning. After killing the boss Zed, you will have obtained victory. You will gain experience points and the possibility of unlocking new abilites based on your level.Another game mode, vs. survival, pits two teams of six against one another. One team plays as the mercenaries (as you do in a normal survival match), and the other team will play as the Zeds. As of now, however, this game mode is not widely used. A large gap exists between the power of the mercenaries and the Zeds, almost always guaranteeing a win for the mercenaries. Hopefully soon, the developers release an update which will balance the Zeds closer with the mercenaries.This game is incredibly graphics intensive. The massive map combined with the background art provide beautiful detail to the visage while fighting Zeds. In addition, when Zeds are shot, they can lose limbs and begin to bleed, adding even more detail that your graphics card must handle. If you lack a good graphics card, you may have difficulty running this game. The audio is spectacular in this game as well. Zeds emit bloodcurdling sounds both when they spawn and when they die. All guns have a unique sound, allowing the player to distinguish between them. During the entire match, heavy death metal is playing in the background, providing a perfect match for a game of this type. Headphones enhance the experience even more.The community in Killing Floor is actually rather good. Most people in co-operative matches work together and with one another. Ridicule for being a ""noob"" is uncommon in this game. Rather, many people tend to help you get better and improve so that you may pass on their  knowledge as well. Compared to many other games similar to this one in community interaction, this one takes the award for best community.If you like this review, please be sure to give it a rate up and follow the Afterlife Associations curator on Steam. Message me if you have any questions, inquiries, or are interested in joining Afterlife Associations. We would love to have you!AFTR Osiris - 2017/03/31"
76561198275793018,Recommended,232090,30965932,Posted: 5 April,all,Nacho ~,"been a fan since the bdginning of killing floor 1. if you haven't picked this up and you like zombie games, you're a fool."
,Recommended,232090,31051755,Posted: 9 April,all,Primagen,A time sink for when you want your mind to go numb from shooting a wall o'meat.
76561197987100765,Recommended,232090,31129579,Posted: 13 April,all,SHITBENDER,"Rip and tear while you try to survive, game is good fun!"
,Recommended,232090,31496412,Posted: 1 May,all,Picante Peperoni,Tons of fun if you prefer co-op over vs.
,Recommended,232090,31613984,Posted: 7 May,all,KniF_iNVizor™🎃,"Awesome sauce, 10/10 would play it again"
,Recommended,232090,31925242,Posted: 23 May,all,The WiLD RAT,"This game is just Special , I LOVE the graphics , Looks amazing , I also satisfy my killing tendencies whilst playing it , blood and gore everywhere and the  PhysX effects look amazing If u have a high end Nvidia card , as for the classes , I would like to see some changes in the skill trees  , I feel like some are just kind of boring , while others are VERY cool like the berserker's last skill that lets him move in real time whilst in ZED time , AWESOME !  . The maps look very good and have nice effects , also the community in my experience is very friendly ! Another thing is the sounds and music which are VERY immersive and awesome ! 10/10Totally recommend this game ."
,Recommended,232090,33260581,Posted: 4 July,all,✪ Steak,GOOD GAME :D
76561198070907820,Recommended,232090,34463528,Posted: 24 August,all,One Tap Dirt Nap,"Very fun to play, very addicting as well, 10/10 graphics are awesome and much better than the first game"
,Recommended,232090,34949548,Posted: 14 September,all,TonkeyOverdrive,This game is insanely fun and full of cool zeds to kill.
76561198068087568,Recommended,232090,35246119,Posted: 27 September,all,SweetJeebs,Yeah I mean its a decent game I guess.
,Recommended,232090,35323886,Posted: 29 September,all,Kiyan,"I absolutely love this game. I play as a Swat23/Medic10 with an ideal loadout of Kriss SMG, P90 SMG, HMTech SMG, and HMTech Pistol. At Normal difficulty it's a nice good practice. Then at hard it becomes a daily challenge. Suicidal is a heartpounder. Hell on Earth is my favorite to play with a group of similarly ranked friends. It's tough, it's hard to pace your ammo, it actually feels like the outbreak. I kinda want to see a Killing Floor movie or seiries. All the characters have so much flavor to them*except rae higgins, her voice lines are straight up trash* and every single on of them is batshit crazy, except Strasser. He's just a soldier from WW2. Like Captian America, only German."
,Recommended,232090,35435872,Posted: 2 October,all,∞ P O Y ii N G 5 5 ∞,"Slow-motion, bullet time, red paint simulator."
76561198296180494,Recommended,232090,26462206,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,CloudNine,Super fun coop game! Intense and challenging zombie shooter. Quick  servers also.
76561198013266728,Recommended,232090,27052175,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doc,Best survival coop
,Recommended,232090,27074899,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bidon,"I've bought this game when it was just released in Early Access. The developers improved the game over the years with tons of new stuff. This is a great coop shooter (especially with friends) and a worthy successor to KF1.The devs are still planning on releasing new maps, zombies, bosses, weapons etc in the future. Including special seasonal events like they used to do in the first game. (Xmas, Halloween, Summer)"
,Recommended,232090,27075165,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rabler,"Killing Floor 2 is a perfect follow up of the original Killing Floor, it has the brutality, the gore, the humor and the amazing and fun gameplay, now its just with better graphics and way more perks to play.If you like FPS games, Horror games and Coop games, Killing Floor 2 is a must have title."
,Recommended,232090,27135129,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sirpanda,"Super good game, an improvement from the first, way better, more classes. one thing i want is the maps from the first game to be available in the second game"
76561198015078215,Recommended,232090,27151887,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BicBouLoo,Much progress has been made with this game. Def worth the buy. Graphics are great and this games gunplay acutally feels like you are behind the gun. Sick music too. Everything about the game is great. Tripwire gj!
76561198115889268,Recommended,232090,27398887,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ak47n00b,"Fun game, good time killer with friends"
,Recommended,232090,27502570,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Patty,This is a great game for just shootin♥♥♥♥♥♥and blowing up stuff with friends
76561198059293193,Recommended,232090,27684818,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,INSANO71,"So glad with how this game has progressed. Its really just one of those games you can sit down and play for 10 min because you just wanna have a good time shooting things, then 2 hrs later realize you should probably try and get some sleep for the night. lol"
76561198032339242,Recommended,232090,27699410,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Guilty Crow,"""giblets everywhere""-demo guy"
76561198060109773,Recommended,232090,27699524,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[ZG] Zombielle,One of the best horror survival game.
76561198014697942,Recommended,232090,27703020,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mulisha20,Great game i cant stop playing it never get old
76561198257916204,Recommended,232090,27707428,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,thatdeadguy98,I played the original Killing Floor and I thinks this holds up to its standers.
76561198153078635,Recommended,232090,27747081,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rin Tohsaka X Tang-San,very good game
,Recommended,232090,27874552,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mordhauss,"Good. Play. Shh. Gore, Death, Fun"
,Recommended,232090,27997824,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TheImperialReaper,One in the pipe.but serious this game is pretty awesome.
,Recommended,232090,27999477,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kohai Momomiya,"It takes all the good parts from the first Killing Floor and improves them quite a lot, although its development had issues during Early Access. Still a pretty fun game."
76561198182972609,Recommended,232090,28079334,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mateus,"Im new to the KF franchise, though I absolutely love this game. I really don´t know if can be called a franchise but that doesn´t matter does it? Go to your savings get 20 euros and buy this game for a bargain!"
76561198065374625,Recommended,232090,28262722,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Mert,Played the first KF game and enjoyed it a lot and the sequel is no different. Hopefully more guns and bosses will be added but the game is great especially when you play with friends.
,Recommended,232090,28440600,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ï∩εwdΓε,"Killing Floor 2 has delightful mechanics.  Shooting is right in the middle of frothy and stiff, feeling very natural.  If you've played airsoft, it's kind of going to feel like that.  You and your friends will face challenges in some extremely well-constructed environments.  It's a UE3 game that looks as good as the UE4 games being released now.  That's pretty crafty.  It's a great little late-night co-op adventure when you're bored and a few friends are online.  I'd also recommend it for a LAN party."
,Recommended,232090,28493249,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Zastix,"One of the best wave survival games i have ever played so many weapons so many maps so many enemys and a fun community, they are always updating the game now and im starting to get back into it,9/10 would reccomend"
76561198196423366,Recommended,232090,28626230,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Tokido Saya,"Dude,listen to me,don't buy Killing Floor 2,i don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ TripWire added in this game,this is drug,just like ""overwatch"",or maybe be even powerful.I buy this game i think is just about less then 24 hours and i got 10.1 hours playing this game,lesser than 5 hours sleeping doing otherthings other time,and now i wake up i still gonna to keep playing,dude,don't play it,it will kill you.And,don't play this game with Run Devil Run,very addictive."
76561198151885969,Recommended,232090,28762802,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Echo,"The game's really good, but I hope they add 'private' server system in the game.It's hard to open your own server."
76561198064747018,Recommended,232090,28782372,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,[Pricx] PlexyGlassCannon,Runs Great. Simple but hard to master. HEADSHOTS. this game has everything that made KF1 great and then some.
,Recommended,232090,28811822,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Billy,"Listin up if you have played payday 2 and you loved it and ever wondered what its like with Zeds(like zombies but not zombies)then play this game its like payday 2 with the way it works but the games DANG MAN its so fun ive played this game for about 7 hours now bro even if you dont like gore then just turn it off cause anybody who is reading this and thinking if you should get the game.-_-.just-_-.im watching u -_- u better get this game because i will come to your house I WILL SO GET THE GAME, U SCREWED UP WERIDO, JUST GET IT.GET IT!!!"
76561198114778155,Recommended,232090,29126842,Posted: 8 January,all,Your Local Alligator Fucker™,"Really good game. If you liked Left For Dead 1 and 2, you will love this game. I suggest you buy Killing Floor 1 first. Also, if you want more awesome maps go see Swift_Brutal_Death's custom maps. You'll love his/her's maps. Have fun."
,Recommended,232090,29428942,Posted: 22 January,all,Logic Loops,"Probably the most fun I've have in a game in the past year.  If you have some friends who enjoy racking up massive streaks off of waves of enemies, your ability to have fun with the game increases exponentially.Also, soundtrack and overall sound design is on point, plus consistent updates all throughout EA and post-launch means that even more♥♥♥♥♥filled experiences could be afoot.11/10 would watch a man solo a Suicidal Hans for 3 hours again"
76561198072219609,Recommended,232090,29434984,Posted: 22 January,all,Voodoo Doll,"If you liked Killing Floor, You will LOVE Killing Floor 2. Despite all the technical bugs the game has, the game is very enjoyable and has a very active community at the moment."
,Recommended,232090,29453509,Posted: 23 January,all,Mung Daal,"It's better and Fun to play with friends. Game is amazing overall. The weapons are fun to use, being a zed is super fun."
,Recommended,232090,29527856,Posted: 27 January,all,F0K4,"Gore, violence and action at it's peak. The best zombie FPS ever made."
,Recommended,232090,29592285,Posted: 30 January,all,Mr. Worldwide,Badass!
,Recommended,232090,29628879,Posted: 1 February,all,Brutalkie,"new update just made it a million times better, levelling up is now fun and rewarding, the new map kicks♥♥♥♥♥10/10also demon hunter so ... +++"
76561198164693791,Recommended,232090,29639899,Posted: 1 February,all,DaBearjew6989,"killing floor 2 is one of the best zombies games i have ever played. just when i thought the zombies genre of games was over i found killing floor 2 and at first was skeptical but i got it and started playing and i was hooked instantly.still populated by thousands of people and hundreds of online dedicated servers you can almost find a match with others pretty quick and most of them know how to play the game so there is no carrying of other teammates to the next round.The one and only thing i can say that i dont like is that i cant matchmake using the killing floor matchmaking interface instead i have to go to steam then choose servers from the steam list instead of just being able to quick join a match or invite one of my friends to play.  im not holding this against killing floor personally because it could be my internet, it could be latency, could be where i live but whatever the case it should still have some viable way of being able to connect to a server in the game menu even bad latency you can connect but at least you can still get in to something thats playable.overall awesome gameVideo 10/10Audio 9/10Gameplay 9/10Matchmaking(for me its 4/10 from personal experience0Steam Server List Matchmaking 6/10(again could be my internet but im not to sure)"
76561198094042164,Recommended,232090,29838620,Posted: 10 February,all,The (Double) King,"Considering that most ""Triple A"" games cost way more is great for this game. And it's worth every cent. While it may not be super optimized, as I have a pretty good PC and there is some lag and slow down. It makes up for that with it being super fun and I feel like thats what games should be. A huge graphical update on the original, just as creepy and gross as ever though. Guns look and feel great to use and the perk system is quite good. I would whole heartedly suggest this with the hardware to play it. Especially if you love the original."
,Recommended,232090,30031945,Posted: 19 February,all,FishNab',russian still act like 8year olds 10/10
76561198093250446,Recommended,232090,30935243,Posted: 3 April,all,Rogue Lord,"Love playing this game, has a few things that could be fixed, like the PvP being a bit unbalanced. But other than that its a overall great game to play with friends. If you like COD zombies, you will most likely like this as well."
76561198061590424,Recommended,232090,30944591,Posted: 4 April,all,Chicken Permission,"This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ The only things I can complain about are bugs (when they rarely happen) and the fact that there is no post-level 25 progression, but those things are INCREDIBLY minor.The visuals (especially the animations) in this game are fantastic, and it's optomized beautifully, even with all the gore spewing everywhere."
,Recommended,232090,31143483,Posted: 14 April,all,Abu Azrael,♥♥♥♥ING LOVE THIS GAME!!!this game is fun af and I never get board while playing it.
,Recommended,232090,31220509,Posted: 18 April,all,©TheKamikazeMonkeys™,"This is actually a good game for players who love wave based shooters and lots, lots of weapons, and perks. I love the physics and the dynamics of Nvidia Flex@ Implemented on this game, which includes the fluids and the guts. The gameplay is awesome, totally a balanced game. The visual of the zeds are seek. I'll Give it a 10/10. ""Go kill some zeds"". -The french one."
,Recommended,232090,31310930,Posted: 22 April,all,cheff,The best zombie killing coop survival game there is!
,Recommended,232090,31356663,Posted: 25 April,all,Mbah™,The Bloater can get Triggered by Husk lmao
76561198192204053,Recommended,232090,33271198,Posted: 5 July,all,Jessicat:3,10/10 <3
76561198025926659,Recommended,232090,33801013,Posted: 25 July,all,Dagu,I like violence
,Recommended,232090,34117591,Posted: 8 August,all,Theee Bag of Cheese,BloodGloryMadness
76561198045144180,Recommended,232090,34305653,Posted: 17 August,all,PatMcFist,"I was a big COD zombies fan, and decided to give this a try on one of their free weekends. It's a fun class based hoarde mode type FPS. Especially Fun if you have a few friends to join you. Enemies and environments look good, plenty of gory fun. The guns feel good too (nobody likes flacid feeling shotguns or magnums in a zombie game). Very satisfying feeling when you land a good headshot or blast someone at point blank. Drawbacks, it does get a little repetitive and once in awhile a little buggy, but it looks like the devs are actively trying to add more content and vary modes through weekly challenges to keep things fresh."
,Recommended,232090,35009641,Posted: 16 September,all,Alpacacide,"Killing Floor 2 is so much fun, and even better with friends. There's a nice amount of classes and content, with more being added every once in a while. I truly enjoy this game and recommend it highly, especially with friends."
,Recommended,232090,35194302,Posted: 24 September,all,thai food lopezant,What can i say?I enjoyed the first one.AND IM ENJOYING THIS ONE OVEN MORE!
76561198018947784,Recommended,232090,26062480,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,LulzBeast,"Fun Co-op game to play with friends or strangers, played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of  it shortly after it came out and I really enjoyed it. Devs keep updating with new content and you can even find servers that imported alot of modded maps from the original so it always can feel fresh. Highly recommended."
76561197994830028,Recommended,232090,26450308,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Graghma (FSS),"Gameplay:If you took a class based FPS (ex Overwatch) and combined it with a dungeon crawler (ex a World of Warcraft Dungeon). You have a large variety of play styles that all have their strengths and weaknesses. You can mostly survive by yourself but as you progress to harder levels of play (The hardest modes are fairly and legitimately hard) that require team coordination. I have never had a PvE both enforce and promote playing as a team. There is a traditional 'Holy trinity' idea with the classes as you legit have tank (Berzerker) and healer (Medic) classes. Though, through good teamplay, they don't require you have them either (props tripwire).Story/Look:The game could easily be seen as hyper-violent, but personally, I take it as a really a parody of the horror/gore/zombie genre in general. The game doesn't take itself too seriously but doesn't go so far as to feel fake either. There really isn't  much story outside of character quips (as Overwatch also is popular for now)... but honestly, the game doesn't feel like it needs much more than that (tho I'd love if they had more of those interactions).Sound:They have a random rotating list of really nice and dark heavy metal music, I'm not always the biggest fan of such music... but it fits the game so well. The sounds for all the guns is fantastic, they not only sound great but also are distinctive. This is doubly true for the enemies as I'll know what big boss is coming up by its battle-cry when it spawns or stomps in the room nearby. Both terrifying and exciting 0_0Overall:If you want a great multiplayer coop game that lets you choose your playstyle and forces you to play together and/or communicate. It isn't a game I wanna play for hours on end, but it is one that I'll come back to for a few rounds, for a very long time (I've been playing early access since it was first released, so, about a year now?). Well worth the money."
,Recommended,232090,27057301,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,?triggered,Killing Floor 2 is an excellent game for co-op survival.
76561198033009447,Recommended,232090,27068207,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Monkey Jesus,"Fun, fast-paced shooter which improves upon the original. Player vs zeds was a nice feature. The buyable skins i could do without but its a good thing its purely cosmetic."
76561198013752495,Recommended,232090,27098360,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ossus,"Absolute fun, a stunning and beautiful game with amazing physics detail. Also one of the most creative and realistic gore simulations I have ever seen in a game."
,Recommended,232090,27398541,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,infernalrussian,Best zombie shooter up to date
76561198027813044,Recommended,232090,27421284,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dragonspit,This game is one of the best games to come out this year!
76561198011064389,Recommended,232090,27589187,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cheese,Very fun to play coop with 5 other players. Love to see more future updates with more perk weapons
76561197994314772,Recommended,232090,27876828,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kenjamin,Pros:Custom MapsGorgeous VisualsConstant Updates + ReplayabilityCons:The SoundtrackMinor Bugs and GlitchesBuying Keys to Crates
76561198090893933,Recommended,232090,27954747,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dank Kush,"Feels like Doom.Its bloody, fun , you enjoy kiling zeds and every weapon has its way.And its cheaper."
,Recommended,232090,28021665,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ysil69,PLAY THIS GAME RECENTLY
76561198044633585,Recommended,232090,28059399,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Hamstergeddon,BloodGoreExplosionsMaximum amount of fun!
,Recommended,232090,28077867,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,FisherMan,"Dont know if i love it or hate it, it needs more content, but if you have friends to play with get it"
76561197987481629,Recommended,232090,28576750,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Neoxrid,Good solo and or group game love killing zeds all night with the buddies.There is some perks that need to be buffed and new weapons would be awesome but over great game!
,Recommended,232090,28657671,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,tehlubs,It is grate. There are zombie♥♥♥♥♥♥ You can shoot everything.
76561198116366723,Recommended,232090,28659115,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Stuart Pot (2D),"A while back I did a negative review on this game, saying that in its current state, it was not fun or anything.I bought this game again yesterday hoping it was better....thankfully, it was WAY better!PROS:+(still) An amazing soundtrack...perfect for a metalhead like me+Sh*t loads of blood and gore+A decent amount of weapons+Character customization (kinda)+Good graphics+A bit of humorCONS:-Not many characters-You have to pay with real money for accesories, weapon skins and others-You can't choose a song in the playlist-A small variety of sounds that playOverall, this game is really good, just like the first one. From my first review, I gave it a 6.5/10, but am raising it to a 7.5 or 8. Definately worth your money"
,Recommended,232090,28738193,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Gramzies,"This is an excellent game. Even if you didn't enjoy the first Killing Floor, I recommend looking into this one before you dismiss it. Very fun, especially with friends online.Especially recommended for gamers that enjoy games like Left 4 Dead and the Zombies mode on Call of Duty."
,Recommended,232090,28774578,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SimplySkully,This game is like a girl's period...Because there is a lot of blood...But this game doesnt need tampons :)
76561198088699520,Recommended,232090,28800380,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,NinjaKreeper69,"i think KF2 is a great game i would even say fantastic. this game is an amazing mash up from of left for dead and Black Opps zombies like no other. It's fun, challenging, addictive, and aggravating all at the same time. ive been playing since the beta was out and i will have to say i wont be stopping anytime soon. my only complant is that i have noticed other beta testers have recieved a gorzine tactical suit of sorts and i did not recieve one i am just wanting to know why that is i? other than that all around great game 2 thumbs up from me or 5 stars however you wish it to be."
76561198039329209,Recommended,232090,28885310,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Jinjo,Slaughter filled fun
,Recommended,232090,28989696,Posted: 3 January,all,[INVALID_USER],"♥♥♥♥ YES. THIS GAME RIGHT HERE, THIS IS THE♥♥♥♥♥♥MY FRIEND. EVER WANTED TO JUST KILL HORDES AND HORDES OF ZOMBIES? WELL, FIRST OFF BUD, FROM NOW ON YOU'LL BE CALLING THEM ZEDS. SECONDLY, SHUT UP, BUCKLE UP, AND GET THIS GODDAMN GAME BECAUSE HOLY ♥♥♥♥ I'VE NEVER HAD AS MUCH FUN WITH ZEDS AS I HAVE IN THIS GAME."
,Recommended,232090,29042117,Posted: 5 January,all,nylon senpai,"Friend suggested I get this game, so far not disappointed. Good game :)"
76561198035924873,Recommended,232090,29166681,Posted: 10 January,all,Akane-san,everytime i go to play this game it says STEAM is reqired i bought the the game. i tried uninstalling it and it didnt help
76561198123120938,Recommended,232090,29254575,Posted: 14 January,all,I am Disliked,I love this game really fun 10/10
76561198067487538,Recommended,232090,29278515,Posted: 15 January,all,PISTASHIO,"It is a pretty fun game,enjoyable with friends."
76561197971000440,Recommended,232090,29432168,Posted: 22 January,all,Tom Cruise in Ass Violence 4,"Graphics are awesome.  Shooting zeds feels great due to the ballistics model.  Slicing zeds with Katana is equally fun due to reasonably complex melee controls.Grinding for perks doesn't take as long as some people seem to say but if you are decent and you climb the difficulties then you get them often enough.  I like the grind a bit as it gives more reason to play longer, running around overpowered from the start does not make a game fun.Highly recommended to anyone who needs a little straight up action."
,Recommended,232090,29432453,Posted: 22 January,all,Frank,gud game
76561198015641513,Recommended,232090,29503475,Posted: 26 January,all,Ryder,One more game!One more gam..One more .........One mo.............On...............................................ZzzZzzzzZzzzZzzz > Sleeping
,Recommended,232090,29620363,Posted: 31 January,all,Lynx,"I relucantly bought this game in Early Access since my friends were buying it, and at the time I didn't have any games my friends were playing.I've enjoyed playing the game and will continue to do so.  I was honestly mad when they added microtransactions while still in early access, especially in a pay to play game. Just the fact that the item prices are as low as they are really shows they don't care for it to be a healthy trade economy.  As such I haven't contributed financially to it since I realized what was going on.I can't really recommend this game unless you have friends to form a party with, or if you like spending money."
76561198109067343,Recommended,232090,29811427,Posted: 9 February,all,MarcusPocusFructitus,"Hours of fun! ive played like 68hours right now, my best class is support the double shotty is too OP"
,Recommended,232090,29970571,Posted: 16 February,all,season 1,-pronsgood graphicsgood aimsightconstoo few monster types
,Recommended,232090,30000230,Posted: 17 February,all,"Deacon Stan, Jesus Man",Awesome game!
76561198139166456,Recommended,232090,30593847,Posted: 18 March,all,SCP-001 Overseer,"Killing Floor 2 is a first-person cooperative horde survival game with excellent replayability and a very fun level progression system.-The graphics are fantastic, since the devs are using a heavily modified version of Unreal Engine 3. Seriously, this game looks like Unreal Engine 4. In fact, I originally thought that this game used Unreal Engine 4 from the get-go, but I was wrong.-The maps look like locations you'd actually see in real life. They're very well-crafted, and you can see that they put thought into each one.-Gameplay is fun and engaging. It demands your full attention and rewards you for playing smart. With both a high skill ceiling, and friendlier, more relaxed difficulties too, this game can be enjoyed by anyone who likes this genre. Warning: The game can be frustrating as all get-out if you're playing on harder difficulties if you aren't being alert. Also, on the harder difficulties, the bosses can be a real pain to bring down too.With continued updates, and the workshop modding, this game is a gift that'll keep on giving.9.2/10"
,Recommended,232090,30748089,Posted: 26 March,all,LobiJani,"This game is AWESOME! The only thing that I miss is some sort of story like in the Black Ops zombies series. Other than that this is a very good zombie shooter. I especially enjoy the VS Survival mode where a team of human players are (how surprising) HUMANS and the other human team (what a shocker) ZEDS. Against AI zeds it can turn into a mindless shooting fish in a barrel type of thing but it still remain challenging and you need to have some tactics involved, especially when it comes to the boss waves. It's a pity that there are only 2 bosses at the moment but I really hope that later they will add some more.TL;DR: If you love zombies  you HAVE to get this game! I definitely recommend it!"
,Recommended,232090,30808034,Posted: 28 March,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,It is repetitive but I don't mind cause having about 30+ mates trying to survive together is so damn fun.
,Recommended,232090,30925853,Posted: 3 April,all,Godly_Hiratoku,Best zombie shooter since black ops and left 4 dead and the new updates is everything keep em coming #teamMedic
76561198236028488,Recommended,232090,31227269,Posted: 18 April,all,Malice_Maker,"Heavy metal, guns and lots of blood.Buy it.Now."
,Recommended,232090,31583424,Posted: 6 May,all,Caleb,is gud
76561198024587790,Recommended,232090,31691705,Posted: 11 May,all,The War Maiden,"I really loved the original Killing Floor and this one is even better. Tripwire raised the bar and met the higher expectations placed not only by fans but by themselves. More guns, characters, and monsters plus new maps and modes. The game is bet when played with other people and is visually fantastic.Worth every penny I spent on it."
,Recommended,232090,31729591,Posted: 13 May,all,Nomadic_Panic,"Monsters, guns and metal? Oh my. your missing out on a great piece of gaming if youve never played kf. Perks with class based system. Earn coin while killing to buy better weapons. The sequel is even better than the original 8 out of 10"
76561198163799000,Recommended,232090,31822064,Posted: 18 May,all,☯₦Ⅰℑℏℓ℟ÅⅠⅮℇ₦☯,very good gmae better than the old game
76561198041279825,Recommended,232090,31951188,Posted: 25 May,all,Bat,"Great game, addictive.Needs more people, everyone buy it!"
,Recommended,232090,33807811,Posted: 26 July,all,ich,Cool Game yo
,Recommended,232090,34588540,Posted: 29 August,all,ayyylimo,its alright
76561198133861373,Recommended,232090,34724181,Posted: 3 September,all,meeeeee500,it gud
76561198079546674,Recommended,232090,35066998,Posted: 19 September,all,J.W. Pepper,"Buy this game! Buy it now! Give them all your money!! Shoot things in the face, blow things up and look bloody awesome doing it!"
76561198035830057,Recommended,232090,35144556,Posted: 22 September,all,balls,it's pretty good
,Recommended,232090,35252742,Posted: 27 September,all,Lightning,It's  a good  game.
,Recommended,232090,27651836,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Henshin,fun game :)
,Recommended,232090,27727741,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,frutmonkey,Great refresh on the orignal.  Breathes new life back into the worn Zombie-round deffense gamplay style.
,Recommended,232090,27732206,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Replaz,Very fun gamerecommended10/10
,Recommended,232090,27777179,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Chef,good hed good zed
,Recommended,232090,27782955,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,GmAn,great game great slow motion
,Recommended,232090,27910350,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hans Gasenheimer,Good game to play with a friend or two!
,Recommended,232090,27911395,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SALIL AS SAWARIM,♥♥♥♥ crawlers
,Recommended,232090,27965526,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,(TMF) JDragon03,This game is awesome since they have worked things out for the most part! Best to play this game with your friends! If u would like u can add me n steam n join my multi gaming group! Killing Floor 1 was awesome n this game is to also! I wish they would bring some of the  maps from the first one n leave them exactly the same just graphicaly update them!
,Recommended,232090,28217656,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Kabaddia,"Well , Good enough for me . :)"
,Recommended,232090,28248873,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,TheLADManॐ,"DOSH, METAL, GORE, EXPLOSIONS.nuff said.Oh one more thing.It should've had more player support without mutators."
,Recommended,232090,28554526,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Kalm Koala,"Like the gameplay  but repetitive and lack of gun choices, wait for sale"
,Recommended,232090,28638031,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,swag,This game always bring backs more!
,Recommended,232090,28716919,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,GodDam,The game is pretty much Violence to the max with METAL and Brit Running about killing thing with Hi power weaponry.As a sequel the complaint from me is just nitpicking.The game come from a developer have been supporting its game long after release so you get the most value even with outit being on sale.
76561198281770660,Recommended,232090,28769454,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Unabonger,"Gorefest,gunfest,runfest and gimme morefest!"
,Recommended,232090,28957022,Posted: 2 January,all,Ordoo,"One of the best horde based games you can find on a market. Super meaty combat, really easy to get into, fast paced and a good curve of difficulty for the hardcore. Excellent game all around"
,Recommended,232090,28995763,Posted: 3 January,all,A certain magical birb,I've played a little bit.It is fun.I've been playing since early access launch and it seems to just get better and better (Although there were some questionable balancing Tripwire has made) but overall it is getting better.I'd recommend this game if you wanna kill floors with friends
,Recommended,232090,29103474,Posted: 7 January,all,Dobson,great and fun worth 30$
76561198096099990,Recommended,232090,29265620,Posted: 14 January,all,tacorustler4u,it good
,Recommended,232090,29290016,Posted: 15 January,all,Politically Correct,Fan♥♥♥♥ingTastic
,Recommended,232090,29435575,Posted: 22 January,all,Yung Lyun,"Pros:A well polished game with lots of re-playability.  This game is better with friends but the online community is very positive and helpful. This game has everything a hoard shooter should have:1. A well balanced common enemy (with advance fighting abilities as the difficulty increases).2. Variety in Weapons, Classes, Skills, Maps, and Enemies.3. No pay-to-win micro transaction system (you can buy cosmetics).Share dosh (in-game currency) with your teammates or just give them one of your guns if they need it. Buy ammo between rounds or find free ammo throughout the map.I rate this game a 9 of 10 stars.  It is a must have with very little room for improvement even during its open beta days this game was well polished and a must have.Cons:The Player Vs. Player (PvP) system is great, but no one plays on difficulties above normal (Normal in this game is equal to easy mode in other games.)Players complain about certain skills or weapons being “Over Powered”.  These players rarely play on other difficulties (they play normal mode, which is easy mode for every other game). The Developers may change skills or weapons based on this terrible feedback.Other thoughts:I haven't found any cheating in-game, but custom maps with very underhanded systems do exist.  These maps allow players to level up rapidly without danger of dieing (basically cheating)."
,Recommended,232090,29579367,Posted: 29 January,all,Atomic_OVR_dose,Very solid shooter thats a blast with friends. Also has surprisingly good graphics and effects
76561198007348648,Recommended,232090,29582540,Posted: 30 January,all,BARNEY,good fun in short doses can get a little repetitive after a few hours of continuous play
,Recommended,232090,29599982,Posted: 30 January,all,Zebulon Quadcane,"Wasn't much of a fan during the beta, but it is now a worthy successor to Killing Floor. So much of the fun of the first game is here in this sequel, but with much more depth and customization. I loved the original, and this one is definitely one to check out if you liked the first KF."
,Recommended,232090,29708073,Posted: 4 February,all,Kim Jong Un,"I played killing floor for nearly 300 hours on my old account before I lost it because I couldn't access the email anymore.( Rest in peace ). But my love for killing floor made me buy Killing Floor 2. With only a few hours in the game Nostalgia flooded me once again and my love for the Killing floor games came back. I have high hopes for this game and I look forward to wasting hundeds of hours into it, becoming a virgin for the rest of my life. Not many will survive the killing floor, but I hope if you're reading this you will purchase the game and join me!"
,Recommended,232090,29998830,Posted: 17 February,all,TerrahBite,I get to be an australian rockabilly chick who sets♥♥♥♥♥♥on fire while giving out nice one-liners and listening to metal.what more could a girl ask for.
76561198003423756,Recommended,232090,30183358,Posted: 25 February,all,ƇƠƝƝƖƤƬƖƠƝƧ,"Killing Floor 2 has come a long way since it was first seen on the steam store. It's a straight forward arcade zombie first person zombie killer. Gunplay feels good and you get used to no crosshairs, melee is surpisingly well done, zombies are challenging, there's a lot of maps, and there's 3 good game modes. Character customization is good, the marketplace doesn't affect gameplay and you do get stuff for free by playing. Personally, I think it's kinda lame. You can only get the Zewihander if you have chivalry, it's fun to use if you have it. Going into settings, I have a budget high end computer and it runs well, though it takes a while to start up. Story? lol. Wish the community was more active."
76561198052093302,Recommended,232090,30351831,Posted: 5 March,all,Scootzy,Get it.
76561198046775556,Recommended,232090,30738443,Posted: 25 March,all,saber138,co op awesome.
76561198084580394,Recommended,232090,30865021,Posted: 31 March,all,DovahHeart,If u like anime tiddies this is the game 4 u
,Recommended,232090,30885427,Posted: 1 April,all,John Sticky Fingers,10/10 would Kriss SMG again.
76561198127560138,Recommended,232090,30936518,Posted: 3 April,all,Gentleman Wizard,"Sooooooo much fun. Where do I start? Great production value, great multiplayer experience. Just a nice FPS romp. I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,232090,31193949,Posted: 17 April,all,ａｙｙ ｌｍａｏ,dis game fire
,Recommended,232090,31565570,Posted: 5 May,all,Forge_ZA,I Love This Game!! Even Better then the first one
,Recommended,232090,31567223,Posted: 5 May,all,Mr. Vash,Great fun just killing ZEDS
76561198013706227,Recommended,232090,31650367,Posted: 9 May,all,DennisReinhart,"I played the first title alot and I think KF2 is a worthy successor.Not a game you will play all night long because there is no campaign or story it is just about surviving as long as possible by shooting Zombies and so on. But gameplay is fun, fast and simple and a lot of fun playing with friends via Lan etc. along with a couple of beers :)."
,Recommended,232090,31797104,Posted: 16 May,all,IkiiWikii,awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic awesome gory fantastic
,Recommended,232090,31878443,Posted: 21 May,all,Timo,"This game is awesome ! At the beginning my thoughts were that it could be boring playing it for a long time, then i started levelling and learn well my perks, and now it's pure pleasure, i really recommend it, it's good to blow out your head :)"
76561198066703461,Recommended,232090,33874032,Posted: 28 July,all,FantomDestroyer,"It's a great game.  I tried it and fell in love with it.  I did play killing floor one before trying this game.  I hadn't play either killing floor before purchasing the Deluxe version of this game which included killing floor one.  After being acquainted with killing floor one, killing floor 2 was an amazement.  The beautiful graphics coupled with the great killing mechanics make this game bring me back time and time again.  With constant community and Dev support the game continues to be updated and grow into a masterpiece.  I am totally glad I've purchased this and do recommend it to anyone that relates with the tags of the game."
76561198320838148,Recommended,232090,33925256,Posted: 31 July,all,Mobilesam116,"These days, shooters compete to have the most ""stuff"". Weather it be the most game modes, the biggest campaign, or a wide variety of guns. Then there's Killing Floor 2, unconcerned about running that race. Its lack of modes and bosses in its current state will turn away some players. However, its foundation is so fun and solid that, even if you only plan on playing with your friends, there’s plenty of content here to enjoy.Thanks to Killing Floor’s superb sound and graphics, weapons are satisfying to use. This is crucial because most classes start with tiny guns and spend their Dosh every round for bigger toys, like a grenade launcher or a bigger machine gun. They’re well designed, loud, and their bullets have a huge impact on their target. Depending on your choice of weapon enemies can blasted apart or flail wildly as you tear into them with a flamethrower. While I’m not a big fan of rock or metal music, the sound tracks fit the action well, and firing an auto-shotty into an endless horde while hearing music that sounds like it came straight out of DOOM feels oddly satisfying.The gameplay is solid. You will have 10 classes/perks to choose from before you enter a game. Each class is distinct and fun to play, and putting a good team together has a huge impact in weather you and your team will succeed. One class that really hooked me was the Field Medic, which passively gain armor and movement speed, uses weapons that has a secondary fire that shoots healng darts to heal players at range, and gains health while healing others. As a Field Medic, I feel like I am a powerful and useful asset in the game, just like all the other classes given enough time to level them up and unlock abilities.All the classes become fun and useful eventually, but the biggest problem is that they don’t begin to feel different until level five when you unlock your first special perk, which can easily take two to three hours of play. Until then, you’re really only working with your passive bonuses which haven’t yet scaled well because of your low level. However, once you do find a few classes you like, you can really dive into what Killing Floor is all about: killing stuff with your friends, earning money (or “Dosh”), buying better guns and armor between rounds, and doing it all over again. Gearing up, putting together a balanced team, and seeing how well you do remains fun time after time."
,Recommended,232090,34185233,Posted: 12 August,all,NOOB-NOOB!,"Amazing game. Graphics are crisp. Anyone that enjoys fps games and zombies will love this game. Unique zombies and familiar ones from games like Left For Dead. For those that enjoy objectives, its less of an objective game and more of a kill everything that moves. If its on sale, pick it up, its at least worth a try. Think Payday, but with zombies and less objectives."
76561198072331804,Recommended,232090,35232969,Posted: 26 September,all,LeeDaegon,"very good game, hours of fun either solo MM or with friends"
76561198030280081,Recommended,232090,26497069,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,⇋Harbinger⇌,"Amazing, Highpaced & Strategic!"
,Recommended,232090,27056771,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,◢◤Fuzzy Juzzy Wuzzy◢◤,pew pew pew (explosion of guts and blood!)
,Recommended,232090,27083466,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ruler Spag,"I played Killing Floor back in 2013 and clocked over 400 hours on it. I bought Killing Floor 2 while it was still in early access and I'm still playing it today. It's now been officially been released and can safely say this is a fun as hell cooperative shooter. Shooting zeds, a fun and large variety of weapons and classes, challenging higher difficulties, aggressive bosses and well designed maps. We need more co-op games, this game is a good example as to why they're fun and underappreciated."
,Recommended,232090,27093536,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Oberon,"Been playing Killing Floor since it was a mod for Unreal Tournament 2004.They have come a long way since then, this game is a must have for any LAN party we host.Great gameplay, solid weapon selection, varied mode selection and wicked metal songs to accompany allt he extreme slow-mo gore that is flying in your face."
,Recommended,232090,27392539,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cowffee,Really good game. Though the one thing I have to complain about is the counter strike styled micro transactions
,Recommended,232090,27475094,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,'- LSg,"One of the games that i don't regret from buying in Early Access, great support Tripwire."
,Recommended,232090,27477184,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nada,"I may sound sadistic, but this one's really great way to relief your stress, better go give it a try!"
,Recommended,232090,27478286,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,F E Z ™,<3  zeds <3
,Recommended,232090,27486988,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SonicBash95,Amazingly fun
,Recommended,232090,27487482,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ChompOnThis,Bloody good game!
,Recommended,232090,27592647,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,123,Blood and guns. A true American game. Great zombie survival game to replace the ever dying Call of Duty zombies
,Recommended,232090,27655613,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,bapstain,Tools of trade
,Recommended,232090,27657247,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Galvan,Shoot monsters in the head till you climax or you kill the patriarch.
,Recommended,232090,27771684,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cheshire Kat,More shootie-shootie bang-bang please.
76561198037161136,Recommended,232090,27786922,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr Nood,"Great game to kill time and zeds. The development team is actively putting out new content such as maps, weapon skins and sometimes classes. If the game lacks anything it might be maps but modding community is handeling that quite well. To be honest the weapon skins are just copy paste from csgo but you don't have to buy anything and while you playing you might be able to make few €."
76561198004992673,Recommended,232090,27813275,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Perry Nguyen,One question:Do you love to see blood spraying everywhere?
76561198087320675,Recommended,232090,27835885,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Strix twitch.tv/swelirofficial,Brutal as ♥♥♥♥ m8
76561198061959397,Recommended,232090,27865430,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,KTromg,"Killing Floor 2 is a classic zombie-survival game with improved super-powered zombies. Although you see many negative reviews about the actions of the actual devs, the gameplay has always been breathtaking.Being able to cut zeds into pieces, watching gore fly all over the place and laughing your head off as your friend takes a minigun to the face from the Patriarch, Killing Floor 2 will leave you with many memories of how stupid and idiotic everyone is.9.5/10 would eat a rocket"
,Recommended,232090,27877343,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,bli,good
,Recommended,232090,28741178,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,dezukan,killing the zeds are soooooo satisfying
76561198029975218,Recommended,232090,28741710,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Motorrola,Fantasgtic game
76561198023739951,Recommended,232090,28857895,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Twaxy,"This game is so good, it's so good I played till I died...a million times"
76561198058747963,Recommended,232090,28999008,Posted: 3 January,all,Memories of Butter,Like Killing floor 1 but perks and classes are expanded upon. There are some flaws but overall I'd say it's a successful sequel.
,Recommended,232090,29044532,Posted: 5 January,all,sasukeskapa,"Better than Killing Floor 1 in every aspect, except the micro transactions, but those are cosmetic only and can be easily ignored and the game drops items which you can even sell if you don't care about them. The workshop has a lot of maps for it too. My biggest problem with it is the lack of a dedicated Linux server. (It is necessary, IMO.) If you liked KF1 and it runs, it's a must, IMO."
,Recommended,232090,29071702,Posted: 6 January,all,Kacho,Killing zombies with friends have never been more fun.
76561198336988461,Recommended,232090,29339317,Posted: 18 January,all,Meryl,"Killing Floor 2 is a great game to play.  It doesnt take itself to seriously and reminds me of the good ol' days of gaming where games were meant for fun. HOWEVER. If like me, you have a AMD set up, i'd stay away for the time being. It seems to run fine but constantly crash for no given reason. Take my word i went through the whole PC to diagnose a problem and it seemed to be just this game.  which was a shame.  i am upgrading to intel and so will buy again then.IN SHORT: GOOD BUT DONT BUY IF YOUR RUNNING AMD"
,Recommended,232090,29432797,Posted: 22 January,all,Allie,Arena wave survival done right.Loads of difficulties.Loads of guns.Free content updates.Ridiculous gore with nvidia physx flex support for fluids and stuff.Runs really well.Co-op.Perks with skill trees.PvP.Amazing sounds.Smooth controls.It's just plain fun.Metal soundtrack with optional vocals.Theres an AA-12.
76561198037576821,Recommended,232090,29455312,Posted: 23 January,all,ThyLuckyOne,"Great Game love this Game! but there is a problem, I lost all my inventory items and i even bought an emote key series #1 and I don't have anything anymore. I am truely saddened by all this."
,Recommended,232090,29616888,Posted: 31 January,all,Send Nukes,"Killing is many words to describe but I'll put in in some words.""The FitnessGram Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. [beep] A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. [ding] Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start."" - 911 simulatorWhat I'm trying to say that it's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome don't mind the fitness gram pacer test."
76561198308136713,Recommended,232090,29712363,Posted: 4 February,all,Plain man,very good
76561197972318074,Recommended,232090,29932991,Posted: 14 February,all,SiBullSki,"Killing floor 2 is a good game.Basically it is a good successor to the original. I played the original quite a bit back in the day and I remember when the original game came out it was bare bones, meaning very little content but over time it became a legendary game because tripwire kept adding weapons and classes which made it great. Seeing as killing floor 2 has already started out as such a promising game so shortly after release brings me to the conclusion that the addons and content tripwire will put into the game will make it more than worthwhile for the purchase made now. Now with that being said it is important to note the differences in between the two. The first being that the difficulty seems rather low unless you play on hoe difficulty but at the same time the differences in tactics compared to the first game are improved. In the first game it was possible to hide in a starewell and and weld the door behind you and basically be able to hold off the hordes of the undead for a long time. In this game you can't do that because the excess fleshpounds and scrakes will cause you to retreat. So now it's actually better to defend yourself out in the open where you have plenty of escape routes in case you have to fall back. ALl the classes work really well except for commando IMO because stalkers are soo easy to kill. not only this but the variety of classes will surely satisfy anyone. Because anyone who plays this game will be able to find a class that fits their playstyle. The firebug is vastly different from the swat and the swat is vastly different from the demo man and the demon man is vastly different from the berserker. teamwork is necessary and all classes need to fill their designated position to succeed. But unfortunately that is only on harder difficulties I do hope they atlest four more difficulty options that are harder than hell on earth which is currently teh hardest difficulty in the game. with that beign said the game is absolute blast to play and I do recommend it. The last thing I will bring up is the crafting and cosmetics system they have put into the game. It's garbage in killing floor 1 you could pay five dollars and get a group of new characters or weapon skins. This is what they should do again. Five dollars for 5 new characters is a good deal so I hope they choose to do that instead."
76561198150705864,Recommended,232090,29969794,Posted: 16 February,all,l3ocly,มันๆ
76561198363929877,Recommended,232090,30089722,Posted: 21 February,all,Druid Plow,hours of blood and gore. cant complain.
,Recommended,232090,30171536,Posted: 25 February,all,reirei97,"Quite simply my favorite game. It's ♥♥♥♥ all fun running and gunning, especially with friends. It's obviously repetitive based on the wave game play, but the tons of modded maps and bull ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥y make up for it... especially with the multiple free updates that have been added over time. I would absolutely recommend this game."
,Recommended,232090,30564437,Posted: 17 March,all,Drew_Phantom,"Nazi Zombies style gameplay with classes and more depth than you realize. Also the harder difficulty enemies aren't just bullet sponges, they are smart, move fast, and hit hard but still die quickly keeping gameplay fun and interesting. My new favorite coop game."
76561197992132252,Recommended,232090,30640988,Posted: 20 March,all,stAre-e-0,So much blood....
76561198038989179,Recommended,232090,30673345,Posted: 22 March,all,SHORTLEGS,"Good game, takes all the cool stuff from 1 and improves.  Definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,232090,30698121,Posted: 23 March,all,arcticflava,Bullet timing hordes of Zombies with friends to a heavy metal soundtrack?11/10 Stars!
,Recommended,232090,30701275,Posted: 24 March,all,Waffle House Millionaire,"Feels smoother than the first, and the gib system is much, much better and more graphic. However, the game does get stale after a few hours and switching perks doesn't help much. Recommended to be played with a group of friends for maximum enjoyment."
,Recommended,232090,34200790,Posted: 12 August,all,Nikki,expanded on the first game really good
,Recommended,232090,34713638,Posted: 3 September,all,LeD00DeNiginz,My opinion? I FOCKNG LOVE TI
76561198101974906,Recommended,232090,35066069,Posted: 19 September,all,Mayo,"Played on a map with snow on the 2nd highest difficulty... for whatever reason I was playing like a complete♥♥♥♥♥ I was missing headshots and wasting valueable ammo... slowly I was getting very frustrated by my own performance and I was ready to go outside and punch a random stranger in the face... when suddenly the character I was playing tried to lighten the mood by saying the following: ""Well... atleast when we run out of ammo we can still throw snowballs"".I then finished the map laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off while zeds around me blew up in all its gory glory and I might or might not have had an erection by the end of it all.Thanks tripwire"
76561198308627161,Recommended,232090,35193616,Posted: 24 September,all,Krims0n,"It’s got gore, great gameplay, great weapons and character selections. It’s got great graphics and animations, looks great overall 9/10"
,Recommended,232090,15499023,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Einlanzer,"So Far so good, also, no sharp shooter O.O, I'll play Commando til they add my perk :D, to people wanting to buy this game I say ""DO IT!!!"" the amount of  love that went into crafting the weapons and the game in general is impressive.was hard to get a game the first few days due to the popularity of the game but more servers will pop up as they always do, thanks for the fun so far and keep up the good work."
,Recommended,232090,15618628,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Sonark,"A worthy successor of the original Killing Floor. Imagine Killing Floor with sprinting, better graphics, better classes and lots of fun."
,Recommended,232090,17375383,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Pels,"I don't know why so many people talk about this game negatively.It is the most entertaining game I've ever played. Solo or with friend this game still great, maybe it still on Early Access but is the best Survival game. I love this game even in Early Acces, it appear that Early Access with this game is the final product.PRO- Graphics (Nvidia Flex is Amazing)- Weapons (All the classes have role here, even with their weapons)- More classes to choose from- Amazing Maps- In my 150 hours I've never found a single bug- The patriarch is so OP that I prefer Volter- Volter is so OP that I prefer The PatriarchCONS- So many Rage Quit in this game- The guys who Rage Quit don't get a Ban or a Penalty- Something wrong about the Matchmaking here is the Server, sometimes (I'm from México) it puts me on a Server from UK....- Once you get level 25 on all your classes... the game is dead, you don't have a single player campaign or something.Killing Floor 2 10/10"
,Recommended,232090,16642280,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,FrankieMoney,Just as good as the first!
,Recommended,232090,16543355,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Snowballs⛧,Metal.
,Recommended,232090,15481431,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Béla OMBRE,Wonderful! :D
76561198074878966,Recommended,232090,16330373,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Dr.Corbin,This game has managed to improve upon kf1 which I already thought was perfect and its still only early access. If you don't have this game already you need to buy it. Plus naked men trying to maul you to death 10/10
,Recommended,232090,15670701,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,twitch.tv/tofutehsurvivor,I miss shooting John Lennon at the end of every wave.
,Recommended,232090,15591067,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,MaysonD,"Killing Floor 2, now completely released, is a worthy successor to their previous game. Keeping with what the first game did best, players shoot, stab, crush, impale, and blow up rounds and rounds of different zombies or ""Zeds."" Imagine Left 4 Dead without the story and more focused on the gameplay and a more intense M rating. The gameplay is very satisfying. Tripwire designed the weapons with feedback in mind. The weapon animations are a higher framerate than the rest of the game so when a headshot triggers the iconic Zed Time slow motion the guns look as good as ever. The Zed Time is as stylized as the rest of the game, slowing down time for everything and removing every color but red. It changes how the world looks as the rounds continue until the final boss. These bosses can be either the Patriarch, a monster with rockets and a minigun, or Hans Volter, a nazi doctor with poison gas an lifesteal powers. You fight these bosses with a range of classes, from healer to sharpshooter, each with their own weapons, grenades, and melee item. The gameplay in each class is much different than the others, some requiring distance where others need to be up close and personal.Seperate from the traditional horde mode is a PvP mode where players fight as survivors and zombies. The balance of the zombies gives them new powers but overall the game mode is weak. This does not detract from the game everyone loves though."
,Recommended,232090,15597860,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,★»RuskcommonPwnZwn93«★,"This game is very VERY fun. This game requires teamwork to win and so far most people I've played co-operate well.This is a big improvement from the first game. I totally recommend you buying this game, even when it's still early access. P.S. THERE IS A SPRINT BUTTON!!!"
76561198044272032,Recommended,232090,15545314,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,the Makuta,"Loads of money, tons of blood. Just perfect.Even though it's Early Access, the game is pretty much done. The core gameplay is basically the same but the improved graphics and the quality of animations make KF2 a must-buy."
76561198040032136,Recommended,232090,15639801,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Nat3ski,"One of the most enjoyable Co-op games for quite some time.  As things stand the game is in Beta. As such the content is limited. However , with that said, the game is perfectly functional, enjoyable and has some degree of variety.We can look forward to new perks, maps, weapons etc as they are balanced and ready to be released. So what you see now is only a portion of the final product. And what a product it promises to be!Tripwire has done a great job of making the weaponsfeelsatisfying to handle and subsequently make the game immersive. The graphics are very nice indeed and have not taxed my hardware all that much. i have experienced no bugs, lag, crashes etc. so far. Though that is not to say you or I won't, but so far so good.The 6-player co-op is refreshing, doubley so for those who frequently find your 5th and 6th mates left out of traditional 4 player games. The waves scale to the number of players in the game and with a full team things can get quite hectic. It's a good thing!The price is very reasonable indeed and will remain so even after Beta. There will be a mixture of free content updates and a few paid DLC's. As long as it's not to the volume of Payday 2 or Train simulator or the prices of Evolve's i dont have any gripes there!So far its shaping up to be a very good game. A trend i hope wil, and one that shows every inclination it shall, continue in fine style."
,Recommended,232090,15532732,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,CrustyQuakes,"Still in Alpha and already one of the best games on steam. Tripwire is a great dev and I know there will be years of good content additions to come.This is one of the most intense games, play it on ultra graphics settings and the difficulty on hard, it is one of the most brutal gorefest games i've ver played. 10/10"
,Recommended,232090,15487042,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,AirshipMTL,"It's only early access so far, but it's already freakin' amazing. It's sort of like they made a list of all the little things they could fix from the first Killing Floor, have cooler graphics, more gore, 50% additional heavy metal and mixed it all together. The weapons feel powerful and handle differently than each other, the melee has a hint of Chivalry to it and the attention to detail in this game is also above and beyond. Blood sprays all over the walls and the snow, the cities feel like people once lived in them and try reloading a full magazine and you'll see an animation where you check the rounds in your gun... nice touch!I can't wait to see how this game shapes up over the next year."
76561198080652835,Recommended,232090,15500095,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Spoon160,i put a fedora on a priest10/10
,Recommended,232090,16542182,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Retr0,Not much content yet. But I smell there's more to come!
,Recommended,232090,15641052,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Drewbinz[Ow],You can throw dosh into a big pile in this one.27/10
,Recommended,232090,15913076,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,★ Star Guardian Ahri ★,this game is still in early game access but i recommend this to everyone since after 6 months maybe they'll improve it even more and it can be more gore/y and all.
,Recommended,232090,15485032,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Rewdalf,Dosh now has real-time physics.10/10 best dosh simulator 2015.
,Recommended,232090,15503082,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Avarice,"Runs well, looks great, and plays amazingly. Even in it's barebones Early-Access state, it still includes 4 classes, a small pile of weapons, an assorted menagerie of genetic abominations, a bucket of beautifully crafted gore (seriously, you can shoot parts of the ZED's skull and still have them cutting you to pieces) and a tough-as-nails corrosive cyborg german doctor that will kick your♥♥♥♥♥♥in.As it is early access, I plan on updating this review as to what changes with each major patch. But yea. It's fantastic."
,Recommended,232090,15518802,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Ivan. #SUPBITCH,"EDITED : I haven't been playing this game frequently thus my in-game hours but i must say the updates over the months had been impressive and the custom maps people have been creating were outstanding! Even though there aren't new breed of zombies but new maps will keep us busy for the time being! MORE ZOMBIE BREED P.L.S!Overall, it's a better graphical version of Killing Floor 1 with bigger and updated map, new bosses and interesting concept of putting trading hub all around the map rather than trading store, It's a MUST to buy this game as it's fun playing with strangers and w/ friends. It's worth the money."
,Recommended,232090,33186850,Posted: 3 July,all,Moonman,Got any spare Dosh???
76561198056189200,Recommended,232090,15714965,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Russman,"Fans of the cooperative side of the Killing Floor bypassed - played noisy companies, having fun, and sometimes used interesting tactics. Grinda perks, spending a lot of time to destroy the piles of monsters. Not enough except that good graphics - bright red blood and the possibility to cut and shred!Killing Floor 2 - is the same Killing Floor, but with some changes: improved and added new perks, created three-dimensional and interesting locations, pulled visual part - everything. In the rest - no radical changes.Therefore, it is sure to play. Meet a friendly company to disassemble classes clasp arms tighter and go kill and survive. Be sure the co-op, or a good game you will not get anywhere. Moreover, the game pleases support Steam Workshop, which means that the game is officially perhaps custom fashion and change from fan to teksturok insane regimes. All he wants a player is downloaded and installed from the user area.In general, the Killing Floor 2 more gore, more movements in the mutants, more weapons and more fun for the company of 6 people."
,Recommended,232090,15574429,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Sarah Kerrigan,I'll be playing this for years to come. Awesome.
76561198073062959,Recommended,232090,15490100,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Admiral Link,"Huge improvements over KF1.Improved graphics, HUD, retain the same gameplay where it made KF1 popular and new enemies.Little rocky start in the beginning though but no crash and very polish game.10/10I will write a proper review soon."
,Recommended,232090,15487853,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Skalli,"Finally, the stalker became sexy. Would do her any time.10/10"
76561198354251186,Recommended,232090,32093675,Posted: 31 May,all,IceBadger,every one loves zombies but for real this is one of my the best zombie games iv ever played
,Recommended,232090,15503493,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Gugabvs,This game is amazing and things are to be added in the future.
,Recommended,232090,16063568,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Liquid,Yes
,Recommended,232090,15679839,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Kyubey,BUY IT NOW!
,Recommended,232090,32531894,Posted: 18 June,all,Bumble,Help I can't stop playing.
,Recommended,232090,32847563,Posted: 27 June,all,Caxx,Just very nice. nice gun nice gameplay nice graphic nice model. very noiceeee~~
,Recommended,232090,15614639,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Yumina Urnea Belfast,Dosh in HD! :D
76561198117589527,Recommended,232090,15935720,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,BluDrago,Don't be fooled by the game's name!!!!!You're not *killing Floors*
76561198162955075,Recommended,232090,32870088,Posted: 27 June,all,Nelson loafs U,"fun alone, better with friends"
,Recommended,232090,16146174,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,SaltyQuest,really fun game. I'd be happy with this if it were the final product
,Recommended,232090,16921865,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Parsee the Syntax,"As of the date of when this review was written, I'd recommend Killing Floor 2 to anyone who is a fan of cooperative first person shooter games, but an emphasis to those who spent a good amount of time with the original Killing Floor (2009 or the UT2K4 mod) or for those who are extremely patient for content updates. Otherwise, potential buyers beware, this game may not be for you.With over 180 hours in KF2 and about 580+ hours in KF1, I can safely say that I've gone through all of the content that KF2 has to offer right now. I am also a huge Tripwire Interactive fanboy (so there may or may not be some bias in this review).Killing Floor 2 is an extremely polished game with the amount of content it hasfor anEarly Access title, more so than a good majority of most Early Access titles on Steam. The cooperative play is great, the gunplay is solid with a huge variety of weapons to choose and use, and the graphics are the arguably the best on the aging Unreal 3 Engine. I almost could say that mostly everything in KF2 is a direct improvement to KF1.However, KF2 in its Early Access state right now is inferior to KF1. The biggest concern is the lack of content the game has. Currently, the game has only has four official maps, four classes with only a handful of weapons, and only one boss, Hans Volter. On top of that, some game mechanics (such as crawlers crawling along the walls and ceilings, sirens sucking players towards them, stalkers cloaking other zeds) have not been implemented yet so the game is not completely balanced, especially on the Suicidal and Hell on Earth difficulties.TWI's mistake is not involving the Early Access player base enough through the Early Access program. They have been treating the game as if it’s been completely released, focusing on sticking to their traditional method of development, and releasing things as polished as possible.One problem with TWI's ""traditional development"" is nearly every content update for their previous games (RO2, KF1, Rising Storm, whatever) has been released nearly SEASONALLY. An update nearly every three months. So this seemingly slow development rate so far has been the biggest concern of this game for many posts I've read on TWI's forums, Reddit, halfchan, and here on Steam. I believe this can hamper the already small player base here on Steam and possibly the one on PlayStation 4 as well. I just hope that KF2 can make a recovery in its player base after more content has been released (It’s currently under two thousand players).I mean just look at Terraria and it's 1.3 update.Big updates are bound to bring players back to its game.Needless to say, I have to remind everyone that when the first Killing Floor came in 2009, it had similar content issue as well. It also took Tripwire nearly FIVE months for the first ever KF1 content update. Things with TWI will take time, but be rest assured that it will be done right.So if you aren’t a diehard KF1 fan (like me) or have the patience of a saint (also like me), you should probably wait until the game has a significant amount of content, probably by the end of this year.In short,Pros:+ Highly addictive cooperative gameplay (mileage may vary)+ Satisfying gunplay+ Very detailed weapons, animated at high framerates+ Very good graphics, even by UE3 standards+ Lots of custom content currently being made by the KF2 community+ Awesome Soundtrack featuring Demon Hunter, zYnthetic, and other metal groups+ Massively improved gore system from KF1+ New content is planned such as multiple bosses, a different gametype, new weaponsCons:- Lack of official maps- Lack of bosses- Content is being developed at a noticeably slow♥♥♥♥♥rate- Public Suicidal/HoE games can either be the worse KF experience or the best KF experience imaginable- Long class grinding may turn away some players- Lame as hell voice command wheel- Loss of British humor and darker themePros/Cons???+/- AYY BIG BELGIAN+/- Clips+/- Memes"
,Recommended,232090,15520025,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Tiяit chan,Must have game ;)
,Recommended,232090,29375921,Posted: 20 January,all,OCTON,"alrighte here is what is up with this gameyou probly now about this because you injoyed kf1 and want this game to be good too, but here is the thing:its a different game. i will clarify what i mean but first a little story.i came back to kf2 again because of the recent update to see what was up, i picked a random hard server (cuss thats the true casual mode) and found myself on one of those arena box maps.the server was full so lotsa zedddies to kill.""yep firebug is the♥♥♥♥♥♥now cool dud"" i thought to myself as a made cirkles of blue flames under me that killed everything.i was having such a good time just casually slaughtering hordes of nasties that i started getting a bit silly with it putting myself in compromiseses just to see if i could survive it, and i could. (most of the time)then i realized why this game is fun and what made me not injoy it as much before.this is not killing floor remarstered, it is truly a killing floor sequal.killing floor was good because it was hard and rewarded you for really trying, it was truly a coop survival horror game. (pretty silly and old but still)everything from the limited movement and the wierd creepy choise in visuals, even the noises are unsettling.you felt like the game wanted you to lose, and experience + teamwork made you badass enough to beat those odds.getting healed was like a warm hug, welding doors was a massive risk, losing a teammate was a punch in the team morale, the cheeky brit humor was all the optisism you could get.the killing floor 2 i imagined would be that sadistic horror experience remade.the killing floor 2 we got is a larger scale escalation of the concept where all aspects have gotten much more advanced, both the zeds that wanna kill you and the weapons you defend yourself with.i wrote this at a update that made firebug pretty silly strong, it have been tuned since then but i feel like its the scale that is really missing here. a faster, larger experince of the killing floor concept should not aim to be killing floor, it should aim to be killing floor on experimental future uber-steroids that makes the intensity of kf1 look boring and primitive in comparison.more insane weapons and more insane zeds that can take that escalation please.it be fuken fun if the game just continued after the boss for 10 more waves where everything just got even more insane and the weapons you would need to afford was half the size of yourself.more absurdity please.goodonya m8."
76561198005989614,Recommended,232090,15500291,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,fear.,"I personally loved Killing Floor 1 like it was my child! Everytime Tripwire released weapon packs or character packs I would buy them just in the hopes that my money would be going towards a second game! AND BAM this is what we get and its everything I have ever wanted out of an arcade-like zombie shooter! Tripwire really has outdone themselves with these graphics and the gore! It's just marvelous AND IT FEELS LIKE KILLING FLOOR! That's the best part, it hasn't strayed away from the old game at all. Simply better graphics, better mechanics, more weapons and perks, and just all around badass! A MUST OWN GAME AND IT'S ONLY IN EARLY ACCESS! THERE'S SO MUCH MORE POTENTIAL AND I COULDN'T BE ANY MORE EXCITED TO SEE WHAT ELSE TRIPWIRE BRINGS TO THE TABLE! 10/10 I love this game and what Tripwire has delivered."
76561198067478543,Recommended,232090,15676778,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,The Poundland Thief,tripwire! give me a better gore system!9/10
,Recommended,232090,33128710,Posted: 2 July,all,modernaaandi,"legend says he still spending his dosh furiously...okay, here's the review:pros:-improved graphic ofc-more perks-ZED's more ""bullet sponge"" and tanky than the first game, i mean you can't easily dispatch for example: gorefasts or crawlers heads now-you can sprint now-grinding perks more easy nowcons:-bosses seems weaker than the first game, and they have healthbar now-hate the trader voice somehow (don't mean racist to francais), and miss the old one-less character to play with-miss the old cash throw line"
,Recommended,232090,16153281,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Isoruku,Not as gud as numero uno but still pretty gud.
76561198039731988,Recommended,232090,15787501,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,BigZ,"As it is currently in ""Early Access"" at the time of this post, I won't comment of any of the games mechanics or content because it is subject to change before final release. However, I will say that in its current state, Killing Floor 2 is a blast to play! Even in early access, you will see and feel a tremendous difference over the first game and the soundtrack to Killing Floor 2 is quite possibly one of the greatest soundtracks in gaming! It fits so perfectly with the tone of the game and in my opinion, the soundtrack to Killing Floor 2 is far better than the soundtrack to the first game which was also fantastic. For Killing Floor and games in general, the soundtrack is a massive part of the experience for me and KF2's soundtrack has that in spades!Fans of the first Killing Floor will not be disappointed with Killing Floor 2 and there is more to come!"
,Recommended,232090,15785511,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,"Lord Voxxy, Lord of Wolves",What can I say but... DoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDoshDosh
,Recommended,232090,15488545,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,IgnobleScarlet,ผมให้คะแนน 7/10-ระบบยังคงเดิม คล้ายๆภาคแรก แต่ผมรู้สึกว่าภาคแรกให้ฟีลที่สนุกกว่า-กราฟฟิคปรับปรุงใหม่สวยงามอลังการ-ตอนนี้การสร้างห้องเล่นกับเพื่อนทำไม่ได้ ต้องเปิดเซิฟเอง(Hamachi evolve อะไรก็ว่ากันไป)-Perk 4แบบ ผมว่าน้อยไปนะ5555-อาวุธ ตอนนี้มีไม่กี่อันเอง-บอส มันตัวเห้ไรวะ ดูทุเรศชิปถ้าให้ผมพูดตอนนี้จะซื้อมาเล่นมันส์ๆก็ได้ ไม่ก็รอทาง Dev อัพเดตเกมอีกนิดโหน่ย แต่ยังไงก็ตาม เล่น GTA V เถอะครับ จัได้ไม่เป็นภาระของลูกหลาน
,Recommended,232090,16036156,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Lionheart,"Fun <3 You can paint the whole room red :)Basically defend Europe from illegal invasion of immigrants from Africa & the Middle East, George Soros is one of the bosses.1485"
,Recommended,232090,31853037,Posted: 19 May,all,FrostedFate,"Pros:- Killer soundtrack.- Engaging and exciting gameplay.- Beautiful graphics.- Intriguing backstory.- Amazing gore mechanics.- Great replay value.- Memorable characters.- Friendly community.Cons (Im being really nitpicky here):-  Matchmaking can be odd sometimes. (High ping servers).-  Poor map variety.-  Poor boss variety.Over all, easily one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,232090,15767121,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,ROD,"Divertido, mas si lo jugas solo. Siempre estoy solo"
,Recommended,232090,15552107,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,tikitai,TASTELESS DISPLAYS OF WEALTH ANYONE?
76561198088342032,Recommended,232090,15832233,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Dr. Gonzo,"Great game thus far. From the gore to graphics this game is a blast to play, especially with friends. However, things I hope to see in the finished product are:1. More weapons along with modifications for them,  since there are only 4 weapons per class with no modifications available.2. More maps, as there are only 3 so far.3. More enemy variations along with new bosses, since there is only 1 boss as of now."
,Recommended,232090,16060914,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Reparatot,"Ok, after 25 hour's of gameplay I can speak my mind about this game, pros. & cons. but you need to keep in mind that this is an early access phase or "" beta "" phase and all cons. listed below are subject to change and for the time being this is not the final product.Your are still paying attention ? .... Good ... Let's begin shall we ? =- Pros := Maps =+ Good map  complexity and verticality.+ "" It's offers the advantage of creating the grand old Killing floor 1 improvized  stand off but in the same time if you fink on your feet you can create the perfect choke point or cross fire that enables you to take down the majority of the opposition even on high difficulty, but in the same time if your team is scattered all over the map and you get cut off from them because of the many routes the zed's can take it will be very  easy to surround you. ""= Gameplay / gunplay =+  A wide FOV.+ Good weapon / recoil mechanics.+ An improved melee system.+ "" You have a weapon ? Good... now you need to learn ammo conservation, trigger discipline and reqoil management. To complicated for you ? Then grab a shovel or a sledgehammer and let them rip... ow and try to dance with that big chainsaw welding fellow over there and don't even get me started on the boss.... good luck... well, at least you dont have the vizion of a call of duty horse...  ""= Graphics =+ A very good improved version of the unreal 3 engine with some infuzed unreal 4 engine elements like lighting and so on...I would like to see destructible environment baked up by a physics component.+ "" Oww... and a side note, my hat off to the guys that worked on the M.E.A.T. system, to see a flesh pound blow up to bits in front of my eyes puts a green on my face every time. ""= Sound / music =+ Very good weapon sound effects, makes you feel that what you have in your hands is no toy.+ Good battle chat, makes the characters unique and funny most of the time.+ Very good zed sound effects, some times it brigs some fear in to you in tense situations.+  Good grand "" A "" metal, a good tack list it will be welcomed if more is added.= An active moding community =+ New map's, mod's, and so on, what is not to like, my respect's for the moding community.= Player base =+ Positive and proactive players.+ "" Every time i stumble over other players who uses their mice's it usually evolves in a barrel of laughs. ""- Cons == Small number of maps =+ "" But is backed up by custom maps. ""= Limited number of perk's =+ "" Only 4 perk's at the moment, but many more to come. ""= Small boss variety =+  "" Only one to speak off, again it is said that more bosses will be added. ""= Lack of objective variety on mission =+ "" It will be welcomed if Killing floor 2 will have maps with set objective's like some maps of killing floor 1. ""And this is the pros and cons from my point of view... and here you go ... a cookie for reading so far.Would I recommend this game for somebody else ?Hell yes, if you are looking for a coop game to play with your friends this is one game to take, but I will recommend just to hold off of a little time, wait for the full release to get the full experience or if you want to support Tripwire you can buy the game now but be warned that for now this is only the beginning for this game and many more will be added.From my point of view ... dosh well spent, thank you for your time reading this "" review "" and as always ...have a nice day !- "" Side note, I apologize for any miss-spell, english  is not my first language. """
,Recommended,232090,15801862,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,SuperOllieWorld,"I think Killing Floor 2 is an amazing game when your in the mood for hacking and slashing zombies.Its a massive upgrade from Killing Floor 1 with New sounds, Fleshpounds and more DOSH.This time it is based in france not london.Pros:Lovely GraphicsBrilliant animationCheap PriceCons:I cant really say any cons ATM because it is in Early Access so when it is out Ill edit this review."
,Recommended,232090,15862522,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,he✘ed,"Liked the first Killing Floor? Then you'll love this beast.I've only played one game on the (currently) 3 avaliable maps and I have to say It captures the old Killing Floor style perfectly and then improves upon it. The atmosphere, graphics, animation and sound all work perfectly for the games setting. I've seen a few wierd AI pathing issues which can break the illusion but during the heat of a fight its not really noticable unless you're looking for it.The gameplay itself is pretty much the same as any FPS horde mode game, although in KF2 at-least this time all the monsters have their own unique feel to them and almost have a personality. The weapons too now also actually feel like they should and behave differently and its great.Then when you hear the roar of a fleshpound and a scrake in the distance you know to get your guns ready as It can be a fairly difficult game. At-least it was with just the 4 of us I find that this make the game feel less grindy for lack of a better word. You tend to get more caught up in the fire fights making sure you're covering your team mates backs and holding down in a tough situation and its a effin blast. Then there is the boss at the end of the last round who completely stomped us 2/3 times but he was still great fun to fight and a great breath of fress air from the patriarch from the first game. I'm fairly sure there will be other bosses and such buut Im just reviewing the alpha.Speaking of which how is the current alpha sate? Well there arn't to many features at the moment with only 4 classes and a handfull of guns but that was kind of a given for alpha and the bugs are few to almost non existant with 0 crashes so far. (key word being so far)8/10, A great way to kill a few hours with friends."
,Recommended,232090,15863415,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,snipersteve,"Great gameplay. Even in early access it has release-quality polish.It feels a bit light on content as some of the classes have yet to be added. It's a lot harder than the first one, though it promotes being mobile more than the original."
,Recommended,232090,15895211,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Killumgood,"great game, lots of fun"
76561198010226426,Recommended,232090,15869107,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Gratis,The game doesnt feel much like the original KF but it's still lots of fun.
,Recommended,232090,15994241,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Ghoasty Bunz,Everything good about Killing Floor 1 and then some.
76561198065433831,Recommended,232090,32609943,Posted: 20 June,all,CaliLee,I don't like the new update because it's creepy af ;-;
,Recommended,232090,15608887,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Kay'E,You listen to metal. Then you start killing zeds.
,Recommended,232090,15585977,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,I'm Taylor Swift lol,"It is a very different feeling to that of the original Killing Floor, it is a good game, but do not expect the same gameplay as the first one. I am not saying the first one is better, it is just different.  Customization was better with the skins in the first one in my opinion, also, they should have compensated people who had the DLCs in the past game, remodeling past skins into the new one."
,Recommended,232090,15636450,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Dandy,DOSH/10
76561198067246933,Not Recommended,232090,17370042,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,[2DL] French,"Very dissapointing.Not so much on the fact that theirs no content or many guns or 1/3 of the perks. but more so along the lines of ""early access"". I can't imagine it's supposed to last 3 years before the game's fully out. should rather be called a - hey! we're low on money, toss us some while we ""create"" this game.Doesn't seem early access, seems like nothing else was/is built. they are building it right now, so anything we see will take months/years.If you were a big huge fan of KF1, do yourself a favor and wait to buy this. In a year, or so"
76561198070616543,Not Recommended,232090,17245432,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,MagicTurtle,"Well the game is fun nothing to lie about, but its not worth it heres why. The updates a few and far in between, they just added a microtransaction system, and not many people play anymore."
,Not Recommended,232090,17545784,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,FubU g0d,Game taught me to never purchase an Early Access game again
,Not Recommended,232090,15642621,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,General Mahsiri,"so the DEVELOPERS decided they want to add microtransitions , welcome to gaming in 2015.save your money. DO NOT BUY !"
76561197961868850,Recommended,232090,16999137,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Ben,"You really have to work in a team, and I love PvE so this game really works for me.Really nice action, turn up the gore, great weapon models, hours of gory mayhem,"
,Recommended,232090,15510367,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,HOSTILEAUTISTIC [REAL.PROPER],everything i could have hoped for in a sequel.
76561198119349905,Recommended,232090,25177045,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,HazardArchyFarry,"This game is sooo awesome, i really recommend to buy it but of course there's always one problem in every good game..Hans volter. If you play hoe difficult mode you can be sure that boss is going to be him and he is totally spammer. I tried like 3 time's to get patty as the boss but no. Another game that is against me. I call him spammer/♥♥♥♥boy/♥♥♥♥♥♥♥n kalju/hippie/lateksin-nussijaksi. I know that im bad at hoe but still its annoing as♥♥♥♥♥♥when he taunt you and say ""did i wasted my time to this"". That is just that moment when i want to rip off his head and eat it >:/. But i still recomment this game for you! Lucky there's a total ♥♥♥♥♥ boss in this game.. He is patriarch. Its like 50/50 to get him as a boss. Just take support perk and blow hes ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on the wall. 6/5 (they really need to NERF hans)."
,Recommended,232090,30783987,Posted: 27 March,all,[SFW]suttoriiga,"Killing Floor 2 is a fun horde-mode style co-op shooter that pits you against clone zombies called Zeds. Horde-mode games tend to grow dull the longer you play due to how repetitive it is. To remedy this, a comprehensive progression system is included which allows you to take on different unique perks (roles), each with their own skill trees and levels. The game is developed by Tripwire Interactive, the guys who brought you the previous Killing Floor as well as other titles like the Red Orchestra series. If you ask me, I would wholeheartedly recommend buying this solid game; with the quality of the content it offers at less than $20, it's a steal.But the real question is,how does it fare against its predecessor, Killing Floor?Admittedly, that is a difficult question to answer, but I'd say that the original Killing Floor was, overall, the better game. Unlike its prequel, Killing Floor 2 offers no paid-character/weapon DLCs; in its stead lies a form of the loot-crate we all know andhatelove, which can either be opened with paid keys to get weapon skins, or sold on the community market. Meaning that the amount of characters you get to choose has been drastically decreased. Unfortunately, the lack of content is true for the rest of the game (compared to Killing Floor 1), not that the gameneedsthem. As previously mentioned, the content quality delivered by Tripwire is top-notch, everything from the graphics to the sounds are all great (you'd wonder why is this an indie title when its quality rivals most AAA games).As far as Killing Floor 2's soundtrack goes, it's nothing noteworthy. The game does sport more heavy metal BGMs for you to listen while you blast your way through a pack of Zeds, but they aren't as memorable as the first game's, least of all the main menu theme. The game comes with ~15 maps, each unique-looking from a bright white snowy mountain peak to a dark green dank sewer, there are only two things every map has in common: traders and all the blood you'll leave behind after every match. The one thing that bugs me the most is how clean the game's UI is. From the main menu to the in-game HUD, they all look very sleek and futuristic, this is a stark contrast from Killing Floor 1's gritty and simple UI.Fortunately for us all, the game retains the excellent gunplay from the first game, which now feels much more responsive thanks to the great animations implemented for each gun. No two guns in the game willeverfeel the same (this is also true for the first game, albeit only to some extent).So, what are you waiting for? Go and help yourself with a copy of the game already!"
,Recommended,232090,15497783,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Kevinet,Smashed a ♥♥♥♥nut clot's head open with a shovel.Its bloody eyeball flew towards my face.It was awesome.
76561198051316084,Recommended,232090,15822238,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,CmdrBadass,Very Fun Game Great Upgrade from the original and is done the way early access is supposed to be used
,Recommended,232090,15485817,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Amuga,"If you liked KF1 You'll definitely enjoy this game.It feels like the developers took everything that was fun about the first game, polished it, added more content and did a great job at making it feel really satisfying, the enviroments are very responsive to damage and destruction, blood splatters persist around the map, characters interact with each other often, even to tiny details like having a different reload animation depending on whether you still have ammo left in your gun or not.This game properly uses the Early Access title, it shows a very polished product, that is going to have more content added to it, much like the description suggests I couldn't find any game breaking bugs,TLDR: Very satisfying sequel to the game, feels incredibly polished, and is very affordable for a brand new game."
76561198021746336,Recommended,232090,15906221,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,tHize,Kf1 more and better :D
,Recommended,232090,15503189,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Dante-Lets RocK!,"Meat, Metal! and Two Smoking Barrels"
,Recommended,232090,15491973,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,TechJay,"gets early access after playing beta for a lot, kills hans on suicidal, all of a sudden im a god to some people :D love it!!!10/10 would kill hans againEDIT: After sinking a LOT more time into the game and watching it evoilveadn and taking shape, i WISH i could recommend it more than i already am :D really easy to pick up shoot ZEDS (zombies) have a LOT of fun and STUNNING visuals. seriously if you have the money lying around GET THE GAME!!! then join me in a game to clear out the zombies :D"
76561198207585960,Recommended,232090,33426061,Posted: 10 July,all,*Intense Rage*,nothing beat good while beating off my meat in this game
,Recommended,232090,15498282,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,AnArKi,"Game is awesome.Brilliant Sequel to the first one.Graphics for a survival game is Amazing i think. Unreal Engine FTW.Intense moments and doing it with another 5 friends is just priceless.Cant wait for new weapons, maps and when the workshop becomes available etc for community support.If you love Survival. Having fun. Blasting ZEDS and Blood and Gore then this is for youOH and the Metal Soundtrack. AWESOME \m/ \m/"
,Recommended,232090,18560532,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Krystal Fluff,Has destrucible vending machines.11/10 Truly a next gen experience.
,Recommended,232090,32656197,Posted: 22 June,all,⭐Fluffy hellcase.com,PX toks
,Not Recommended,232090,15651998,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,SKIN,"EDIT:Game introduced microtransactions as an update, in the middle of the incredibly prolonged Early Access, for some completely bizarre reason. I don't care for the excuse that it was ""worked on by a different group""- it is wholly unnecessary and almost insulting at this point to pay door price for the game, with the early promise that release was just around the corner- that essentially this was an open beta for balance testing- yet still the balance is unchanged and the game's content is incredibly empty. Content is coming out far too slow for what was promised and I've gotten tired of the games lack of content and small range of maps (some of which, namely Catacombs, do not fit the gameplay). I would avoid this as the speculations seem to be that this will become the next Payday-a cash cow.The game is now, quite honestly, empty. You get to have some fun with it as a wave game but that is all it is at this point- and even then it's a pretty unbalanced one. People have called for changes to the Fleshpound's auto-rage so frequently yet this has been unchanged. I put over 200 hours into the first Killing Floor and I just cannot be arsed to do the same here. Charm won you over in KF1 combined with the obscene amount of modability (Doom monsters? Objective maps?), you could go on a server and play things you hadn't before; it kept being new!To be completely honest, and I'm surprised I'm saying it myself, you're better off getting Left 4 Dead. I think that offers a much more complete experience with about the same charm of this title if not more.Better than the first, but without the charmKilling Floor 2 has taken all the gameplay from the first and improved on it completely. I can't dispute that. The movement feels much more free, the zeds AI is noticeably improved from the one path nodes, so it doesn't feel like they're walking at you in a straight line anymore. They also have the ability to run at you, to do a 360 attack (Scrake) and a few more bits here and there. The gameplay is much more 'fluid' and exciting to sum it up. Back in KF1 I couldn't have imagined sprinting, hitting a zed with the butt of your rifle, or whatever else actually being a part of the game; in fact, I imagine many would have rejected it. But they did it, and they did it really well.The classes have been looked at and I'm excited to see which ones they add later on, currently all are fun to play in my experience though the Berserker is now reliant on your ability to parry, and though I'm not completely sold in its current state (scalpel parries Fleshpound?) it certainly is a step in the right direction.The current boss fight (one of more to come) is well done; it's intense, it's difficult. The Patriarch (boss) in KF1 was becoming close to a joke as everyone laid down charges and just waited for him to walk over them - I can't see this happening with Hans.Many of the zeds have been improved and new ones introduced. Most specifically is both the Scrake and the Fleshpound who are now absolute demons. The Fleshpound has had a real size increase and that reflects its strength, the same with the Scrake. Part of me though has noticed how incredibly easy it is for a Scrake or an FP to kill you. Once it becomes crazed you will barely ever outrun it- with the Scrake I can see this seeing as it doesn't actually charge until you 'enrage' it by shooting it and so walks until then- it encourages kiting! But, with the FP I have seen it become enraged no matter what you do and at that point it's very difficult. It's not at all impossible, but certainly more difficult than the first.All I have to say about the maps is that they are good, open, allow for free movement. They're just really good!Now, as for the 'charm'. This is the only place I can fault the game. KF1 had a real gritty feeling to it, going into a rusty biotics lab or the destroyed and dark streets of London, all really fit the game well for the absolute horror that the Zeds were. The voice acting was excellent, all with memorable lines. It was the most bizarre yet wonderful mix of atmosphere. Arcade, horror and comedy- it really had the stereotypical 'British' approach of making light of the worst situation. As for the Zed designs, I don't know how to feel. The Fleshpound is huge and pretty scary, but I liked his original better. It seemed more 'realistic' (for what that word is worth here) like it reflected a real human much more than the current. The Scrake as well feels far less horrifying. He's scary, in terms of his physical size, but in the first game we had this real disturbing 'surgeon' vibe, coupled with leather-type skin and the standard looking chainsaw on his arm. The zeds looked exactly like they have been built in some disgusting lab underground- it was fantastic.What about KF2? The music is good, very good, and still feels much like the first- I won't fault it there. The dialogue is completely lost on me though, I don't remember anything the characters have said yet. In fact, me and my friends found ourselves quoting the first Killing Floor's dialogue. (Aside from ""Let me test mynewnerve gas"")The zed design has been improved, don't get me wrong, the gorefast looks incredible as do many others. But the 'grit' isn't there, it all feels very clean and sterile which is odd considering the bloodshed you're committing. This isn't helped by the engine I assume which has made everything look shiny all the time- which is probably why the gorefast looks so much better.The Biotics Lab map in this game all looks very above board- it's odd! Hans is a great boss, gameplay wise, but he's really some Nazi doctor which I don't really get how that ties in to the game- it's so B-movie and out of place it almost hurt. I, amongst others, were disappointed with the reveal.I would recommend this game, it's arcadey, it's fun. It took everything it needed to from the original and improved it, I congratulate the devs wholeheartedly for that, but they've overlooked the whole charm the original had."
,Recommended,232090,32508720,Posted: 17 June,all,Yevn,"Simple, fun, and addicting. It's refreshing to have a game that is isn't flooded with gimmicks and provides an intense challenge on higher difficulties (even for players Hell on earth players on KF1) if you liked KF1 definitly buy this game."
,Not Recommended,232090,17401340,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,ohhh woodrow,>played it once>bugs>refund 10 minutes later
,Not Recommended,232090,17839960,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,AFIQFF8 [MY],update 3/9/2015this game just ♥♥♥♥ing crash after update 4GB pls fix thisOld EARLY ACCESSIt work fine to my Laptop Lenovo G480CPU:Intel i5RAM:4GBGPU:GT635m 2GBOS:WINDOWS 10FPS: 35-42 medium+high=Custom settingDriver Nvidia 355.82No lag at all
,Not Recommended,232090,17961221,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,z-impi,Matchsystem isnt up to date. Not beginner friendly. Fun faktor isnt that great. Repetitive game.I stick to l4d2 survival. Its morge fun.
,Not Recommended,232090,17955365,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,(excited for halloween),Plagued with technical issues. I would advise holding off on this one until the devs can sort out their♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198003596091,Not Recommended,232090,17957036,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,xLordofmolotov,"Played 30 underwhelming minutes, and complained in chat room that this game was not as fun as Rising Storm or Left for Dead, got booted. For the record, I love those games I just mentioned. Might try it again one day. All-round, a bit disappointing - graphics, shooting, level-design, player movement. There are better co-op shooters out there."
,Recommended,232090,32926466,Posted: 28 June,all,Bogle The Nibba,game is a good hole
,Recommended,232090,28741527,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,RapidKiller wow,-prosTons of fun.Diffrent perks/classes to mess with.User made content.has tons of variation.-consThe people are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥You will get kicked if you are paired with said♥♥♥♥♥♥♥no one uses mics.overall i would recommend this game if you have friend that play otherwise have fun talking to yourself and wondering why you got kicked.
,Recommended,232090,33822363,Posted: 26 July,all,Does Bruno Mars Is Gay?,James is gay.
,Recommended,232090,15696601,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,JimmyRust,Looks and plays amazing!
,Recommended,232090,32033622,Posted: 28 May,all,Margrave Fanklin,"Amazing door welding simulation, highly recommend."
,Recommended,232090,15500517,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Retra,The best early access I've ever played. I respect Tripwire Interactive for all works. I played Killing Floor 1 and Killing Floor 2. First game was great but second game is really awesome!. Don't forget this if you are going to buy this game. Tripwire Interactive never let you down. They had supported Killing Floor game for 6 years. Now the time has come for a new journey.
76561198071667112,Recommended,232090,15558052,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Dragonborntim,Solo defeated...
,Recommended,232090,15481685,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,VegetaFH1,"Ive played KF2 for 3 hours-ish nowIm happy with my purchasePros:Stress reliefFunGoreyGreat experianceGraphical sweetnessSound is amazingFeel of the weapons is spot on, with the exception of one gun (Medic smg)Fast-ish pacedExcited to play more (one of those games thats like ""oh ill just have one more round..."".... 10 hours later...It's Killing Floor!Cons:As of this moment the server browser is borked (suspecting a patch)Minor Graphical glitchs (Which imo add to the overall horror feel of the game)No really as scary as KF1Some animations of the zeds can leave you abit wiered out in where to hit themOn easier difficulties the zeds leave much to be desired (however is quickly fixed on hard+ difficulties)All in all, a great game, great feel and ill be playing alot more of itA solid 7/10"
,Recommended,232090,15483579,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,[FeC] Tender,Lacks some weapons and classes but those are to come soon!
,Recommended,232090,15481419,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,AJ Cassius,"I am having issues buying things from the trader after wave 3, also the upgrade pack in the store will not allow me to buy it. The Clots will grab you and the screen will violantly shake everywere making it imposible to get out of that unless you throw a nad and manage to get it to kill them.The audio gets choppy and cracks making it hard to hear anything and gives me a migrain. this game just got released to early access and its been only 2 hours. however I still love it to death and hope the bugs listed will be fixed, from that this is perfect :3"
,Recommended,232090,15482231,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,xKoalaJuicex,ME Gusta!
76561198033251817,Recommended,232090,15745263,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,cock sucker,DOSH SIMULATOR 201510\10
,Recommended,232090,15543248,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Neffarion,"Overall great improvement over the original Killing Floor.Harder enemies and better graphics, better animations, soundtracks are awesome, and voice acting too. Overall good gameplay experienceCompletly worth the price"
,Recommended,232090,15499214,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Segolia,"If you liked the first game then you'll almost certainly love this. So far it's been exactly what I wanted from a sequel to killing floor - all the things that made the original great, taken and improved, refined and polished to modern standards.Currently it's lacking in content so you might want to hold off but there's a lot more on the way before the full release."
,Recommended,232090,33153922,Posted: 2 July,all,Mulliganger,Dosh 2.0
,Recommended,232090,25551621,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Tenshi Ray,"Best mindless shooter out there. I find it very satisfying killing each and every zed I come accross. The game pushes you to either constantly move around the map, or stay close together with your team. Stop for too long while going alone- you're dead. Don't watch your teammates backs while holing up together- you and your team dies. Communicate larger zed whereabouts, and don't be afraid to yell for help if you're in a pinch- just remember to either stay close enough for your team to help you, or far enough that the zeds can't touch you.This game is like cs:go in a way, only istead of being competitive, it's more co-op based. Even if you get bored of playing it, later on you just keep comming back to it, cause it's just that addictive."
,Recommended,232090,19251653,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,North_Dumpling,"I can certainly recommend this game and its glorious in every aspect, but...Its community is a total disaster, everyone plays the game like its a camping fest, nobody bothers to explore the maps even, people just choose the most suitable camping spot and thats it.Medics are not doing their job properly most of the time and in the moment when it comes to killing zeds, nobody follows the professional etiquette resulting into lots of kills stealing and even your gun(!!!) after your death, even if you're face to face with some Scrake while this SWAT cu*nt is shooting his Vector from far away.TWI has done a great job on it, but quality life improvements are very necessary for this game and I wish the developers could do something with camping, because its rateable to amount of dickbutts shooting to do so.I would recommend to play this game only with your buddies and friends. Randoms are giving too much cancerous gameplay, which may change newcomers's opinion on a game.9.2/10"
,Recommended,232090,27005416,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Terran Ghost,"zombie herding and grinding, the game"
76561198133615661,Recommended,232090,33135139,Posted: 2 July,all,Dragonborndude,fun
76561198149614881,Recommended,232090,16739873,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,TomHW,Its a lot of Fun to play Only with Friends :)
,Recommended,232090,15491564,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Hikarian,"Its basically KF 1 but better, alot better, the control and the weapons feel so damn good :D"
,Recommended,232090,34531768,Posted: 27 August,all,Barrage o' Fail,"tl;dr version: Improvements over the first game, get this if you [and your friends] are looking for a horde-mode survival shooter.Aug 2017I'm writing this after a few hundred hours' worth of gameplay spaced over seven months. I was excited for this game, but held off when Early Access started and ended, since I was pre-occupied with modding stuff for KF1 (where I've logged a couple *thousand* hours, so I kind of knew what I was getting into). I heard a lot of complaints about the second one, but took them with salt knowing the game wasn't exactly finished and subject to change.I wanted to write a negative review based on the zedconomy, difficulty modding in new weapons, and so on, but a lot of the negative things I'd heard were either solved by the time I got it, exaggerated, or present only negligibly. In the past seven months, there have been two content updates in the form of weapons, official maps, the Summer Sideshow, and now Weekly challenges that unlock more cosmetic items; I'm convinced Tripwire Interactive will continue to add more content in the future. This game looks and feels more polished than the first retail version, and even includes aspects that the first only got when fans modded them in (sprinting, the Gunslinger perk, various hud info, et al)##Major plusses/improvements over the first one##■ Each player now permanently has a flashlight independent of their weapon. This was a must, considering the maps can become considerably darker over the course of a round with destructible lighting and blood splatter making it difficult to pick out the Zeds.■ Reloading time varies by applicable bonuses and, for most weapons, whether reloaded at empty or partway. Hooray for realism, the player doesn't throw away empty magazines when reloading anymore. Now it makes more sense to reload when nearly empty, otherwise the animation will be longer and delay you from getting back to killing specimens.■ Higher polygon count and larger-resolution texturing allows for more detailed environments, etc.■ Filtering game attributes for online play is a major improvement / more consistent this time. Looking for friends' games now works properly (even if bogus version mis-matches still happen).■ All weapons can bash with a specific keypress, useful for close-up fighting; and now melee weapons can block and parry certain incoming attacks for reduced player damage or stunning zeds momentarily. My favorite part is that bashing weaker zeds can flinch-lock them, which means I can pistol-whip a Siren to death without retaliation.■ Slightly less-toxic playerbase (or maybe I've just been lucky for months at a time?), and while many players don't communicate at all, they still seem to know their role and perform well in the higher difficulties. Expect players to find out what strategies work and adopt them unspeakingly for later use, all without once using the in-game communications.■ Different perks get different grenade types, allowing for more strategic gameplay-Sharpshooters, Gunslingers, and SWATs (and Demos on direct hits)- immobilizing/stunning zedsFirebugs and Survivalists¹- area denialMedics and Survivalists¹- area healingBerserkers- electrocuting / disorienting zeds to buy time for teammates to finish them off.Commandos and Supports- area damage, although Support grenades have an impractically-long fuze time by comparison.■ Perks can also be configured for different playing strategies or situations- Want your Commando to have as much as a 150% mag-size bonus or faster reloading? ¹As a Survivalist, do you want healing grenades or flame grenades? Such examples occur for each perk and playstyle.■ Aesthetically, each character has their own dialog (although three months in I still disabled the random chatter).Trader speech is no longer innuendo-centric, but still kind of inane (yes, I *know* to heal up and buy armor after each wave).■ Higher difficulty no longer makes zeds into bullet sponges² but does scale the damage to the player.²Except Scrakes, Fleshpounds, and the bosses, moreso when more players are involved.I don't have a lot of negative things to say about this game that can't also be said about the first one (toxic players, the need for a good kiting setup on harder difficulties that makes gameplay a chore) but here goes:##Major complaints / stuff needing fixing##■ Teleporting. Zeds. Between this and awkward Zed spawns, it's too common to run down a long hallway, see it clear ahead of you, turn and shoot back, and then turn again to continue running, right into a Bloat or Siren that couldn't possibly get that close that fast, and which you would have heard beforehand. (Zeds shouldn't be able to move/spawn close to players just because there's no line of sight)■ The item drops may indeed be cosmetic, but are a gamble pushed on the player and ruin the in-game immersion. Seeing a teammate with a dinosaur head helmet, bright neon outfit, and solid-gold katana detracts from the survival horror experience (add a toggle to reduce/disable client-side cosmetics?).■ Sprinting requires no stamina, and thanks to some creative keybinding, can always be done when moving. This ought to be gamebreaking, but then again, you don't exactly move that much faster (increase sprinting speed, add stamina to discourage spamming contant-sprint).■ Perks do not have any descriptions of their abilities or roles beyond the selection screen (Door Traps and Door Repairing don't seem to be well-understood except through seeing someone else do them first, and are nearly completely ignored in higher difficulties).■ The background music is a repetitive hard / industrial / whatever rock collection that I immediately set about trying to replace when I began playing and ended up muting. It was once possible to import and replace the music files, but after 2016 it seems any attempts to do so, even using the game's own tracks, results in crashes at worst and silence at best (once again ruins the ambience, and doesn't look like it can be fixed now).■ The lack of perk discounts (for both weapons and ammo) requires players to work up the weapon tiers to the end-game equipment in every round. This forces them to Git Gud with the starter equipment (not a bad thing, I love the AR-15, SG-500, and MP7) but can leave them ill-equipped for larger threats simply because by the time they show up the player has been spending most of their dosh just refilling ammo and possibly getting a second gun if there was a Support around for free ammo (just adding a flat discount for on-perk gear/ammo might work).■ Perk-specific weapon selection still seems small- cosmetics for each one abound, though (add more weapons / finish bringing in the rest of the KF1 inventory, even if it's just as side-grades to existing gear- have the Fire Axe be functionally identical to the Zweihander, or have more assault rifles / smgs that might as well be model-swaps for current gear- I'd love to see the MAC-10 brought back).■ Scaled-difficulty inconsistencies:Zeds' health takes a jump between Normal and Hard, but stays there (except for the bosses), while the zed count gets progressively higher.Fleshpounds' and Scrakes' health goes up based on the number of players more than the difficulty.Damage to the player, on the other hand, increases drastically: as a L25 Survivalist on Normal, I spawned, threw two molotovs at my feet and walked away after the flames died out, but on Hell-on-Earth I die in a second. This makes high-difficulty six-player games devolve into an hour-long game of tag, or the Berserker-Medic meat shield [Zerkwalling™] because letting them get within arm's reach whittles down your team faster than you killing hundreds of them.■ Instantly-raged Fleshpounds and Scrakes is an interesting concept, but when four of such spawn at once, there's nothing you can do but run and hope your team is competent enough to finish them off without major damage."
76561198010720625,Recommended,232090,16041201,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,-[SF]-Code-,Cant wait for more content.. great game
,Recommended,232090,15551667,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,sagagt505,"killing floor2 is the one game that i wait for long time. Yesterday, i bought it!!! (-0-). It amazing graphic ,good zed motion(although it has some bug movement.) ,large map than kf1 (i think so), close attack( it doesnt have in kf1).9/10Feedback:Your map look good but i want to see the map that concept is ""Alone and No hope"" or ""Silent wind"". In KF1 ,i Iove biotic lab ,west london ,farm etc.Thank you."
,Recommended,232090,15489692,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Kud♪,Awesome
,Recommended,232090,32546744,Posted: 18 June,all,Injeel,Killing Floor 2 is a great sequel to Killing Floor. The graphics are much better but lack the grainy look of Killing Floor. The perks are great but I have only really played as a medic. The game is meant to have controller support but I have yet to get this to work. This game is well worth £9.99
,Recommended,232090,15488426,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Tasumare,"Absolutely Brilliant,Takes everything from the Original KF and revamps it to be more badass than before!I'm no Pro or anything at the Killing floor series, but KF2 makes you really stretch your skill to the MaxNew Final Boss?? Yes please! He presents an even harder challenge to Players than the Patriach and his skills... dead before I know it.Even in early access with a few minor Bugs still amazing beyond belief!Can't wait to see the full game!! :D"
,Recommended,232090,15503911,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Munchie,Headshots in Zedtime is AMAZING! LOADS A MONEY!
76561197995644806,Recommended,232090,15561115,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,louja,"At level 15 Support, Reload speeds are amazing, great reload sim, 2015, 20/10. Looking forward for upcoming DLC's for moving reloading animations."
76561197999623172,Recommended,232090,15493379,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Fat Bastard,GORE!2016.04.08 - Died duo to PVP and unnecessary 8 gb crap ...
,Recommended,232090,15511657,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,BloodShank,"If you love Killing Floor 1, There is no doubt in picking this up even though it is in beta. It is a good beta build, I have not experienced any bugs or glitches yet.Oh. If you get the Digital Deluxe editon, you get your hands on some awesome metal tracks from Demon Hunter, Impending Doom, and other awesome bands. 26 tracks, plus some in-game stuff It is so worth it!"
,Recommended,232090,15541278,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Assassin's Weed,"Ran out of ammo, bashed a zombie's face in while in slow motion.Proceeded to pull out shotgun in slow mo, blast 4 more heads off.Blood everywhere.EVERYWHERE"
76561198002877836,Recommended,232090,15542703,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Spriggen,"Great game. And for only 30 bucks, you can't beat the price. Its killing floor people woooooooot!!!!!!"
,Recommended,232090,15582280,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Omega Supreme,"An amazing sequel to one of my most favourite games by Tripwire, stepping up from Killing Floor, is Killing Floor 2. So far even in early access I can see the great detail, fantastic new class system and menu and even adding to replay value by customization of characters. The graphics are gorgeous and the gore is even more GOREgeous. I love the new zed time and especially increased gore for increasing my testosterone levels.  I can't wait for further updates to improve this game to make it even better. I had so much fun with Killing Floor and just a few days of trying this makes me hooked on it already^^ I would highly recommend this to any KF1 fan and FPS fans in general, as the game itself maintains a certain level of simplicity that is easy to pick up by new players and will get experienced/old players to enjoy it even more.ALSO. FLESHPOUNDS AND CLOTS NEED MORE HUGS. AND BULLETS."
,Recommended,232090,23562842,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,ToxiKate,"It's a great game and it's easy to put hundreds of hours into.If you're looking for a long-term co-op shoot'em up, look no further."
76561198089730956,Recommended,232090,15578099,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Tronald Dump,"Incredibly gory, incredibly violent, incredibly fun!"
76561198319375241,Recommended,232090,26160878,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,keithodell52,good game but doesint run well for my laptop if you have good pc then its a must buy
,Recommended,232090,15481495,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,FuscusNight,"The game went through a lot of refinement over the past two years, from the closed beta , to early acces then full release. It had some bumps in the road that made some people unhappy but at the end Tripwire managed to release a finished product that fixed a lot of issues the game had during its year and a half of early acces.Killing Floor 2 is easilly my favorite and in my opinion the best wave based shooter on the market, it blows away many of its competitors in my opinion due to how satisfying the guns feel and how satisfying it feels to shoot,slice,burn and blow up zeds thanks to the fantastic advance gore system the game has and persistent blood system.The game also offers frequent free updates, new weapons, enemies, maps and even possibly game modes at some point all free, the only cost to this is the game has a loot crate system for weapon skins and random drops which is in my books not a problem at all, it's just cosmetics which you can still get some for free due to random drops that reset every 24h.Only fault I'd say the game has is something which never got fixed and never will be from the looks of it, the texture streaming solution in KF2 is poorly implemented, creating stutters and brief freezes as you move around in the world as the game tries to load in higher resolution asets. It's an issue some games sadly tend to have but thankfully not many, in some it's a minor annoyance while in others it can be so common it can damage the experience. On my HDD this issue was very common but when i moved over to an SSD it got improvemenet by a huge amount, but still even with a Samsung 850 EVO SSD it still in some rare ocassions can get micro-stutters but not as bad as they were on a regular HDD. It's odd how the game on the console version that has a 5200 slow rpm drive does not have this issue yet PC even with a brand new high speed SSD can still have them in rare occasions.Not counting the stutters that are thankfully fixable to a degree, the actual frame rate performance is fantastic. Even on my old 760 GTX 2GB i was able to run it on 60 fps on High settings with only a few stuff turned off such as real time relections and HBAO+, and now with the new card i can run it with everything set to Ultra with even demanding settings such as HBAO+ and real time space reflections on and never dip below 60fps in 1080p even in those crazy modded servers that support like 30 players and 500+ zeds.All in all, Tripwire did for the most part a fantastic job and i can still see myself easilly spending another few hundred hours in the future years in this game if the content updates keep up like they did for the original Killing Floor 1."
,Recommended,232090,18038146,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Áile,"The guy that runs at you with a frickin' chainsaw now spins. HE SPINS.It's heeeeeeeeeeeere boyyssssssssssss.What can I say? I love this game.Its idea is fairly simple: Survive waves of Zeds and at the tippy top wave, fight the boss.You get to chose from 10 different perks(classes) and you've a ton of options on howeveryou want to play them out, be it crazy sword swinging maniac to a squat running SWAT, heckyou can even play as Revolver Ocelot(not the actual character but the dual revolvers thang) .ATM there are 2 bossesBoth are scientists but the main difference is that one is a scientist on heavy steroidswhile the other is a NAZI scientist with an aged body on life support.Ironically, the old guy hits harder than the beefed up one.As for maps, there are only a few official ones, but the workshop is always offeringloads more and I'm sure you'll be able to find one to your liking. Like being shrunk to ant sizeand fighting atop chairs and tables? No problem. Like fighting on a massive cluster ofcucumbers? yeah I believe they've got that.Go ahead and get the game if you're interested. If wave based survival games aren't your thingthen ummmmmm......... yeah I dunno, you do you boo, but this one is pretty good thoughjust sayin' <3"
,Recommended,232090,25890499,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Devin,"If i'm gonna be honest, I love this game. Even though it has less content than KF1 and sadly that makes KF1 better for the time being I still feel like this game is worth every single cent. The perks are all distinct and useful aside from Firebug which is a bit worse because of KF2 being more a larger open area train type of deal and not an area defense. Another thing I hate is the C4. It's just not as good as KF1's pipe bombs. The weapon reloads are one of the best I have seen in a game. Everything just points to KF2 as a masterpiece. It is, kinda. The lack of content means there's just not as much replay value and the microtransactions are good because we can have all the weapons from the updates for free but they were introduced WAY too early for alot of the people's tastes and that does suck, coupled in the fact that at the start the updates were way too infrequent. I still really love the game and I love the update that makes Commando have the perk effects for Demo's M16 M203 and so on, it really does make it fun to have different playstyles each playthrough, like using a Stoner 63 LMG with an M16 M203 is fun. Give it about 2-3 years and it'll be packed with content. And honestly the items in the crates do look pretty nice. I'd really recommend this game and double recommend when it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,232090,15844429,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,UltraViolence,"Game crashes on start.... I'd like to review it, but I have to be able to play it first. you're welcome for my $30.00.5/31/15-Finally figure out what the problem was. the game crashed at start up, after the georgia peach splash screen. if your steam avatar isn't 184x184, then you'll most certainly have this problem. HOW DO YOU LET THIS BE A LITERAL GAME BREAKING BUG?that being said, i played it, i'm not impressed, this game isn't worth the money. it isn't special, it isn't an improvement on the last game, its' basically the exact same concept, with very little change, if any.duel weidling pistols(my favorite thing) is completely gone. so basically. there's only 4 characters with a little variation. the game could be fun with friends i guess. It just isn't worth $30.00. maybe $15 at absolute most.it shouldn't be called KF2, implying a sequel, it should just be KF version 2, implying a slight revision.5/10, would definitely not buy again."
,Recommended,232090,17205359,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,A Large Wallaby,The boss taught me how to fly a kite
,Recommended,232090,15545959,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Runkerer Aka. Nick Crompton,Neato
76561198046576006,Recommended,232090,25808181,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Spanky,"RELEASE DAY!!!!!!  Been playing in the beta builds and the devlopers have done a lot since the early days. Come so far and changed so much in the feel, balance and contant. Hard core hack n shooter. The persistant gore is just nasty (read excellent). rediculously replayable. good variation in levels of difficulty. For the new players- don't think ""wow this is so hard when you have just started on normal. So far to go from there. It takes a bit to learn the ropes, but not very long. Watch what the high level players do and learn from it. You don't have to be the best player, just a reasonable player and a great teamsman will make you an asset to the group.  Be a good team player or go back to COD!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,232090,15606801,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Zen Zuko,11/10
,Recommended,232090,15725022,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Lukas,Slow time + Zweihänder = Instant errection.
,Recommended,232090,15839393,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Law Abiding Engineer,"So our long awaited game that has been in the making has finally made its appearance.  For those who do not know what Killing Floor is, KF is a wave-based survival horror game in which you and possibly other players, play together in killing an onslaught of enemies.  These enemies differ in what they can do and what they bring to the table.    Some might cause visual distortion, others might cause immobility, others might just flat-out kill you, fast.   But that’s the world of Killing Floor.  This review is only over it based on Early Access and will be updated as time goes on.Sounds/Music:  Since gameplay will take a lot longer to explain, I'll start with something easier/shorter.  So when it comes to the sounds, this is a prime example of where kf2 shines.  The sounds of the Zeds are better and during FleshPound rounds, the raging sound of a fleshpound, is really creepy because you hear him but you don't see him just yet.   The sounds of many of the weapons, are great for indoor and outdoor, however, some weapons sound very odd, like one of the SMGs for the Medic sounds like some sort of banging against a metal fence.   Aside from that, the sounds are great.    The music that we knew from KF, is back, and just as good as before.  It’s the type of music that gets you pumped while not taking away the gameplay enjoyment.   I'm biased in saying that I preferred the KF1 music over KF2, but maybe after hearing it some more, Ill change.    The music is great quality and the story behind how Tripwire Interactive came across the artist Zynethic, is actually really neat.Graphics/Visuals:   Everything from KF, is taken, and enhanced in all the right ways.  Even with all of the blood left on the ground or the body parts on the ground, the performance, is shockingly smooth.  Even on ultra settings, the game runs like butter on a hot pan.  Even my friend who has a weaker computer, is able to run it on lower, but not lowest, settings and gets a smooth frame rate.  They did great in optimizing the game.   Only gripe is that flamethrowers seem to cause a drop in framerate, but that’s about it.    The map details and how parts of it can be destroyed and leave a lasting effect, are great.   Siren screaming in the subway near the lights?  Well, watchout as those lights break, leaving you in the dark.    The maps are large enough and leveled (meaning there is a upper, middle, lower level to camp at) to find different places to play at.   Some are trickier than others.Gameplay:  To put it blunt, the biggest thing that KF2 offers, is the boost in Ai.   Instead of moving in one of two predictable ways, the Zeds move more and twitch a bit too.   On top of that, the way they attack and the way their attacks affect others, and even the environment, are different.  FPs now can damage others, even if focused on one player.   Scrakes can twirl around and damage others even if they are attempting to focus on one player.   Clots and gorefasts are a bit awkward in their movement, so its harder to hit them, which is great.    Overall, they just made the AI smarter, the effects of the enemies, greater, the variety of tactics that enemies can use, diverse, and thus in return makes the game much more challenging, until of course you play it for 1k hours and then can predict everything, but that’s what happens when you play any game too long lol.Early Access bits:    Currently there are only 3 maps, and 4 perks.   More should be coming and supposedly it should be at least one perk per a month, 1-2 maps a month, and many many more weapons within a month.    Of course bugs are plenty but they are getting patched every now and then.UPDATE:  New map expected for this month of May.  Mansion map, just like the one from KF"
76561198026636829,Recommended,232090,15654321,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,sin ★ loki,"Its everything i loved about Killing Floor, but better! I cant wait for the next few updates!!!"
76561197966297742,Recommended,232090,16555205,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Dark,You can weld wooden doors shut. 10/10
,Recommended,232090,16677855,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Dictionary,"So I put at least 20 hours in before I was willing to voice an opinion on this one.In it's current state it is not worth the asking price BUT it's slated to be a finished product by the end of this year. This isn't outrageous or anything, but it's clearly missing some features (currently the only perks from the original which have made it into the game are Berserker, Commando, Field Medic and Support) which are slowly being patched in. I want my crossbow SS back.What's in the game is fun enough, normal and hard difficulties are cake walks and you can have casual fun with them all day long. Suicidal and up you'll rip your hair out if you get even one bad team mate. Since we don't have every tool available to us yet the current strategies are rough at best and only highly coordinated groups will succeed. This is equal parts fun and stressful. Some of the custom maps already released are great for variety and if all of the popular custom content from KF1 is eventually imported over it will boast an even more impressive library of maps to keep it fresh. Things looks hopeful.The ball is in Tripwire's court to follow through on this one and I don't doubt they eventually will but it could take up to six months for that to happen. Unless you're dying to kill some ""specimens"" it'd be best for you and your wallet to wait for the 'early access' tag to end and then grab it at the next inevitable sale."
,Recommended,232090,16645176,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Naski,"While still being in early access, Killing Floor 2 is definitely worth to take a shot at.BUT ONLY if you like the whole concept of staying on one level the whole time,killing dozens of zombies and finally killing the ultimate boss.Weapon animations and gore are a BLAST."
,Recommended,232090,16538887,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Eetzhe,CHEAHS BIG EAHS
76561198103495897,Recommended,232090,16555879,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Eren,Wow...Just Wow... FInally A game developer listening to the community (have gotten used to wishes and requests falling on deaf ears ....Activision/Call Of Duty) Features I once thought i would never see in a PC shooter again (Snap Aim for Controllers...Thanks TripWire) Some of these smaller features expand the gameplay experience vastly for me and my freind group whom all use 360/XBone controllers. Great Game....That doesn't even do it justice.......Also Finally NATIVE TRIPLE MONITOR....This is why you have developed a following TripWire......You Care for the PC Community where many others no longer do.    Stay Humble and KEEP Listening to the Community...thats why you guys are Awesome and will continue to grow your now loyal following.Now a light suggestion since it is in early release:Menu more Controller friendly...PLEEETrader Menu More Controller Friendly....PLEEEE (my friends..ex-console players..truely struggle to get weapons in time because of having to switch between controller and keyboard/mouse)Also I would like to Create LAN Games with just me and my friends
,Recommended,232090,16578370,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,CaptainLagg,Game calls me a coward and tells me to live my phatetic live because i wanted to go eat polenta (mamaliga) 11/10 would polenta again!!!
,Recommended,232090,16669285,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Intellefire,"Guns, Glory, And a whole lotta guts"
,Recommended,232090,16642738,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Ｍａｋｅｎｂｏｓｈｉ,"Pro:-I can say this do not feel like an alpha-6 people, the more the merrier-easy to learnCons:-still only 1 game mode-the boss lacks fighting mechanic, making the boss has tons of HP doesn't make it fun"
,Recommended,232090,16668192,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,circus dog,"Generally, This is a great and fun game.  so I'll make it short and sweet.Co-op play is good,  normal to hell level balanced, everything you expected in killing floor is here!Fun guns, good zeds, and hans is TaS!Two negatives:still in dev, and with rumors that some point they will restart the gaming and all those who leveled up in beta will lose experience kills your enthusiams after a while, why play a game long hours knowing you will start over?Also, they added a new map, voltaire mansion.  This came after dev, and sadly, it is the weakest of the maps.  It's not innovative, confusing symmetrical layout, and no part identifiable like the other maps.  So this is sad, since players were waiting for what will be new, and what came was not worth the wait.Great game, great fun, and hopefully future additions will make the game better, and not be weaker than the original release.UPDATE:  I'm starting to think the Developers screwed up the release of this game.  I have stopped playing it.  Players are dropping off like flies, and its still in beta.  They should have waited until closer to an official release to let the game out.  As a result, by the time they do an official release, there will be no players left.I won't go back to the game until an official release, and if they wait too long, I may not have the interest to go back at all, which sucks for the price they charge as a beta."
76561198050707277,Recommended,232090,15491786,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Top_Noob,Everything the first game did but improves on everything. Obviously at this time there arent too many perks or weapons because its in early access and it only came out the other day. But it is easily one of the only and best releases using early access and not just some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cash grab
,Recommended,232090,15523368,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Batman,great job the kiilling floor 1 was an amazing game now killing floor 2 is way better
,Recommended,232090,15545997,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,ĿYKΛN,"Great graphics, lots of gore, extremely fun! A excellent sequel to the Killing Floor game!"
,Recommended,232090,15604286,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,timecop,"""Christmas came early!"" as you ""Sleigh"" the undead in Killing Floor 2! Fight through the Elves and face the Big Man Himself"
,Recommended,232090,15678728,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Living Island,"Amazing game, please bring Sharpshooter and Bedlam!"
76561198057938562,Recommended,232090,15706794,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,BigDaddy_X,mind blowing for me you need to play it for your self
76561198165223233,Recommended,232090,15722260,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Siodon,"Killing Floor 1 was a great game with nice guns, effects, and even better with friends. Tripwire took that and remastered it. KF2  is here with over 25 parts to blast off of your opponent and extremely realistic movements.  With all new weapons and a new leveling system, the hordes of zeds return to the fray and challenge you! There are now 25 levels you can achieve and every 5 levels you choose a special ablility. Customize your character's looks and configure their skills to match your own playstyles.  KF1 did not have all these brand new properties. With 4 great classes to choose from, you can go down the path that will lead youy to survival and you don't have to go alone.  A game can have up to 6 players and I would recommend playing with friends. You get the satisfaction and dignity of defeating vast waves of zeds and leveling up your character to become a bigger threat. This game aslo delivers a balanced level of horror and action. If you like zombie survival games, CHOOSE KILLING FLOOR 2. TAKE THE FIGHT TO THE RELENTLESS ZED ARMY AND JOIN US ON THE KILLING FLOOR!!!!"
76561198040068182,Recommended,232090,15794742,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Bear,"As a green lit game I generaly don't partake. Honestly who wants to pay $$ for a unfinished game?Heres the thing. As a Green Light game this starts with 3 maps, and 4 diffrent Perks (read: playable classes). Its nice. I am not talking ""oh well this is fun to play"" I mean its polished, its balanced between the classes, it looks as good or better then games of the same type. You can tell that the people that did it arn't in it for the money they actualy want this to work because they love there baby.I baught the game for its Delux price of $40. I figured I would play a small bit mainly with my friends/family and that would be that till the full release...Oh how I was wrong! At the time of this review I have logged close to 99 1/2 hours into this game.TL;DR: I payed $40 for the green light version. After words I would have payed it for just what I got. Not counting the fact that more content is comming as well as posible mods. BUY this game. Then come find me. ;)"
76561198031492861,Recommended,232090,16017748,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,DiLLaKiLLa,If you have played KF 1 and you said to your self wow man this game is so much fun and i just wish they could get a update on the graphics ... DONE MAN O MAN this game KF2 is soooo amazing  blood and bllood and bloood is KILLING FLL
,Recommended,232090,15488001,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,FaTe-,"If you thought Killing Floor was good or even decent, then you need to get Killing Floor 2.+Amazing Graphics+Solid controls with full rebindable keys+Adjustable FOV+Runs smoothGame is just as fast paced and action packed as the first."
,Recommended,232090,15496152,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Villdjack,"Gunplay feels great and the gore is amazing, feels like killing floor just way more polished.""meele is actually fun now""/10"
,Recommended,232090,15485923,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,[☢] Mad Guys,"Awesome metal soundtrack, Badass gun, ugly stinky Zed and an ocean of blood, this is the perfect receipe for a coop zombie survival and this is what you'll get in Killing Floor 2Stop waiting, buy it and go paint all these wall with fresh blood !!"
,Recommended,232090,15486173,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,eKo-DRiX,Best Survival Horror Game ever made... and its only the Early access !Great Job to all Tripwire Interactive dev
,Recommended,232090,15491159,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Baiter,"-10/10 for false advertisementstill cannot kill floors...EDIT: Apparently i can reload sledgehammers, so...-9/10"
,Recommended,232090,15499304,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,CorporateHammer,Pure co-op fun! Nothing more to say except this game is worth every penny.
76561198024854431,Recommended,232090,15502871,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,The Caffiend,The most polished early access I have ever played and one I actually don't regret paying for once.
76561197966377265,Recommended,232090,15510205,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,"..,","If you know the first one, just add more sweet sweet love, gore, better weapons, better everything! And the price that is the same as the first KF!? That is so hot. I can't see one reason why NOT buy this game. It's simply brilliant."
,Recommended,232090,15538273,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,SkullflowerMcGee,"Killing Floor 2 is not a perfect product, but since it is on Early Access, I have a good feeling it get a lot better before the release.Tripwire is listening, so if you have any issues with the game, report it to them before the release.Please buy this game."
76561198037458362,Recommended,232090,15618535,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,TheTrashMan,If you are into hordes of zombie shooters then this game is perfect for you. I played Killing Floor 1 for about 6 months before Killing floor 2 came out. KF2 is a vast improvemnt from KF1 so if you enjoyed the 1st one definatly buy this one. Graphics and gamplay are awesome. I can't wait till the full game is done and released. Fun to play with your friends and has a TON of replay value.
,Recommended,232090,15661391,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,[SUP]Damage-R010,"Its amazing, Simply taking the best of the first one and adding more detail and extra's although its in early access it is amazing very little issues, all i'm waiting for now is the extra perks and maps... can't wait"
,Recommended,232090,15668657,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Wolff,"TL;DRPROS:Fast-paced gameplayHorde Shooter Done RightGreatly Detailed Gunplay/MeleeAwesome AccentsCONS:Can't camp like in KF1.For the most part, this game really exemplifies the positives of Killing Floor and tries to minimize the negatives. The only real issue I have is that welding doors doesn't play as major a role as it used too. However, the gameplay is far faster and far harder on the upper difficulties. What is even better is that for Killing Floor 2, Tripwire didn't fall prey to the pitfall of the ""Numbers Game"" as difficulty increases. Instead, enemies just get faster and get new attacks as you progress instead of becoming bullet sponges. You can still one shot the clots, but you have to hit them first! Would recommend."
76561197970069416,Recommended,232090,15669036,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,savage2510,"OK played for about 2 hours and oh my god what a game, the graphics are beautiful and  I mean really beautiful the detail levels on the zeds are fantastic.....for example if you take down a bloat with the pistol every head shot removes the part of the head that you hit, and if you are using the katana you can just run around hacking bits off its brilliant. game balance is good maps are good its all good, the only thing i could find wrong (and it is really minor) medic weapons recoil a bit too much but that is the only problem i can find. Well worth the money well done guys you have created a master piece!!!!Ok got 10 hours now still love it, game play is smooth, But the mainstay of the beserker (the Katana) is now off perk so you cant gain XP with it major downer there boys that needs to change!"
,Recommended,232090,16037705,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,CombineLocust,Yes.
,Recommended,232090,16147912,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,sG | fps_trucka [ENG],"Pretty fun game, amazing graphics, well optimized. Although it is in Alpha/beta it is playing great but it lacks all the classes from the first so it can become boring. However, that does not detract from the already amazing gameplay.  Hopefully they introduce different zeds and more classes fairly soon!"
76561198119544306,Recommended,232090,16228245,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,The OOFinator,First of all this is a great game though still in early acess for the forseeable future blends a great horde mode mechanic with a large dose of team communication mechanics i cant wait to see the finished product. Keep up the great work Tripwire
,Recommended,232090,15487608,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,L A Y F O N,Love the first killing floor! This game is worth the $30! Buy it now! :)
,Recommended,232090,15488076,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,DoubléSp00py,"The best early access release. Even with its limited content, it's better than Killing Floor 1. I cannot imagine what this game will turn out to be on official launch. It's truly amazing."
,Recommended,232090,15488568,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,nerve gas,Why are you even reading this review just go buy the game
76561198066580119,Recommended,232090,15500407,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,iSayBooyah26,"Killing Floor 2 is a predecessor to a thrilling co-op survival horror, and it's got even more if the stuff right here! Team up with other allies and wreak havoc upon the zeds that crawl out of the ceiling vents, bursting through doors, and trying to eat you alive! Arm yourselves with Horzine's newest tech and weapons. decapitating and violently slicing your way through hundreds of horrors that dawn upon your team.Although It's quite similar to Killing Floor, It's definitely got my attention. Starting with the perks and classes. They've got a little bit more of expanded choices, giving the player a little more freedom on their gameplay, however, not the most dense in terms of free playstyles. Although the game is in early access at the moment, Tripwire Interactive will probably implement more perks and classes. The maps are cleverly laid out, as there are corridors, alleyways, and open spaces waiting for players to take advantage of, based on the way they play.The game has also added some new zeds to the team and as far as I know, the difficulty doesn't just scale based on enemy count and damage, but also A.I changes, all running zeds, giving it a bit more of an edge to the game. Different combat mechanics from the enemies are taken into account, as well. That husk will probably scorch you with his weapon, instead of just using a basic, simple projectile blast. The movements and animations feels quite smooth. Oh but who could forget about the humor? Tripwire Interactive has used this sparingly and well.I will definitely give Killing Floor 2 a buy!- 7 / 10"
76561198042377725,Recommended,232090,15588783,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,NamelessJester,"This takes everything great about the first one and makes it even better. Gameplay is fluid and feels amazing. Even on Normal or Hard if you're not careful you could easily lose. It's also great that upping the difficulty doesn't just give all the Zeds more health. Also talking about Zeds, they made all of them a greater threat. Clots now turn you towards them which can mean wasting a valuable attack on a largar Zed. Gorefasts are kinda the same, but on higher difficulties can sprint and hit you at once which is a ♥♥♥♥♥. Bloats vom at you a lot more and their fat asses take a whole lot of bullets to kill unless you headshot em. Husks have a suicide move that can leave your♥♥♥♥♥nearly dead if you don't kill it or haul♥♥♥♥♥away. Sirens are nasty, especially when paired with a Scrake or Fleshpound. Scrakes are now WAY more of a pain, easily the most buffed Zed there is, he now has a sorta AOE spin attack that really hurts teams that bunch together. Fleshpounds were toned down a little IMO as they have a small rage where they first slam their grinder hands on the ground then rush at one person, which makes killing him a lot easier. Also announcing that a Scrake/Fleshpound has entered the area is a really cool idea. Only problem with this is if you're in slow-mo during this it's kinda hard to tell which is which. And with the noises they make when they enter, I'd personally prefer for the Scrake them focusing on the chainsaw noise more than his laugh/scream/whatever you wanna call it. All in all if you're looking for an early access which seems complete pick this up you won't regret it one bit.TL;DR: BUY THIS"
,Recommended,232090,15592583,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Agent,"Killing Floor is back! with more gore and zeds than ever!~since the patriarch's escape to paris,the UK is in ruins and now the Zeds are attacking Europe,can you stop them? its time to lock & load and get that pile of Dosh againjust like the original,Killing Floor 2 is an excellent wave based zombie killing mayhem,now as of this Early Access build,you have 4 weapons per class plus two more weapons ,every single weapon feels great to shoot at,and during zed time they look phenomenal. the Melee weapons have been revampted,now your character will swing according to the direction you are walking,exactly the way Shadow Warrior did its melee system.this is the most polished early access game i have ever played,its actually more polished then some triple A releases,it does pale in content in comparison to the original Killing Floor,i most definately recommend it in its current state,but if you can wait a few months and get the complete package then you will have the definitive wave based shooter,when it launches it will be a blast to play."
76561198016649258,Recommended,232090,15596414,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Quixana,"Dosh, accents, zombies, guns - KF2 in a glorious nutshell."
76561197993623864,Recommended,232090,15675157,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,TheButterKnife,"This is one of the only new games (One that isn't even fully developed yet) that I can actually entirely lose track of time on. Look up, ""Oh, it's like ten at night, yeah that's fine."" keep playing for just a while and, ""Oh lord it's two in the morning...""That being said the gun play is fantastic and the melee actions available tend to be both brutal and satisfying, though the selection is currently limited especially if you are used to the current selection of their previous title ""Killing Floor.""Zeds have been updated (Obviously) and have been given a bit more ""natural"" feel and behavoir unique to their type. Typically for the more deadly of creatures this means that they have very wild sweeping animations which not only cause damage to ALL players near the Zed and not simply it's target, it also means that standing more or less stationary and taking aim on the face is slightly harder.Which leads to the one 'bad' zed of the game, which happened to be the boss... That is, well... a WW2 reject, let's just leave it there. It feels like the boss is the only thing bad about the game essentially and currently it's easy to notice the 'scripted invulnerability' that is granted to him during each of his 'phases.' Meaning, for each stage of health he must play an event and then restore his health. This happens around 25% and he can no longer be harmed until he heals himself or while he is healing himself. The boss from the first iteration had healing events, but could be harmed and killed potentially before the first one...Does that make the game not worth it? No. It's just be being nitpicky.If you have enjoyed the first killing floor, then this will really fill you with that 'fun' that you may have found missing from so many games as of late.PS. It doesn't have the price of a namebrand title."
76561198181566573,Recommended,232090,15680964,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,The Preacher,I am so glad I bought this game.
76561198072076263,Recommended,232090,15727704,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Fruzon,GET IT AND PLAY IT !!!!
,Recommended,232090,16267893,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Cluckster,"Soooo much fun, but we really need those private lobbies"
76561198008923984,Recommended,232090,15482675,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Sir Spinquisitor,Split a hundred year old Nazi scientist in half with a katana.10/10
,Recommended,232090,15486228,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Tim_Fragmagnet,"Loved killing floor 1Love killing floor 2If you don't like the basic idea of the game (kill zombies, buy things, kill zombies, buy things, fight boss) then you won't ever like the game because that's all it is.Currently lacking content, but early access, more is obviously going to be added. With 10 classes planned, and a projected estimate of 90 weapons.TLDR, $30 early access game lacking content that is still better than some full release $60 AAA games. It's killing floor 1 but better."
,Recommended,232090,15495728,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,awp,"Killing Floor 2 isn't just a new Killing Floor, it's a better Killing Floor.Nearly a decade of technical advancements can be seen throughout, such as how dosh behaves more like a physics object: bouncing, rolling twisting, and piling up. Players can now throw dosh into physical piles, enabling them to clog doorways and small tunnels by whopping their wads with gusto.There are other enhancements to take note of as well, such as the advancement of the lore in the world of Killing Floor: Dosh is now called so by name, sporting its very own currency symbol, just to name one example. The in-game UI is a lot more stylish and informative, letting you know just how much Dosh you've earned when performing various actions (such as healing teammates, killing zeds, or throwing/collectiong Dosh).There's also an arsenal of new weapons at your disposal, provided you have the Dosh - including the ability to pelt your foes with Dosh.Also, Berzerkers can reload their sledgehammers."
,Recommended,232090,15506749,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,→★ Suomala¡nǝn ★← #VeryBad,"Good game, hard enough but not too hard. 1/1 would play again."
76561197982519251,Recommended,232090,15532626,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,-=[Super-Telecom]=-,I have only played this game for a little while but it extremely fun to play. Tripwire hae done a grand job as usual.
,Recommended,232090,15561773,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Kritex,Fun playing solo. Epic playing with friends.
76561198058148873,Recommended,232090,15590291,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Zoltin,Brava
,Recommended,232090,15621622,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,X-plora,slaughtering zombies has never been more fun and satisfying!
,Recommended,232090,15625461,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Space Wizard,Best Gas testing sim yet!
,Recommended,232090,15848539,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Body Dropper,You either love it or hate it......... And goddamn I love it.
,Recommended,232090,15932140,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Bonk Do$h,i love this gamegood graphics and it managed to keep the old killing floor hypeit shows how early access's should be done
,Recommended,232090,16013972,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Baron Cardenas III,1) Zombies2) Guns3) Heavy metal music.The three things that are needed to make any good wave survival game.100/100 Would kill zombies while listening to Heavy Metal again.
,Not Recommended,232090,19853494,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Torpy,"I feel like the only real improvement this has over the original is the graphics. I was very much in love with the original and super excited to hear about this, but fell asleep while playing it."
76561197970370861,Not Recommended,232090,16370146,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Masterhummel,"Update 24.11.2015 - Introduction of cosmetic in-game shop.So, the most obvious thing first: The lack of an announcment. It would've been great to know details about your plans in front. This might've been led to heavy sea a lot earlier but now you've got the s*storm in a mug and that's probably worse. I feel like this could've been avoided by showing the community the plans earlier on and open them up for discussion. Then in the end, that's what early access is all about. At least that's my take on it.The next point somewhat ties in to the first: The time of release. In early access, where already a lot of people complain about slow content updates. This can only amplify the already mentioned s*storm in a mug. TIW pointed out on your FAQ that you're doing this to develop this feature together with the community and while this is nice marketing text, the lack of an announocment makes me question the honesty of it.Alright, let's start with the meat: Gameplay. I have the prejudice that all drops - cosmetic or not - influence the type of games played. In KF as well as in KF2 i always played the maps who where the most fun for me. Now i feel like the maps most played will be the ones with the best loot-per-hour reward. I see this as an issue. The second problem i have is the way you're offering the loot itself. In crates. I know that's the exact same system as in TF2, DoTA or CS:GO and i don't like it there was well.It's basically gambling. TIW  doesn't sell the loot itself but you sell the chance-for-a-chance for loot. Which is ingeniusly evil. So the customer will pay not only for the item but might do so a few times until he has the item he actually wanted.Utilizing this technique, you milk the players who're vulnerable for gambling and wall of the players who maybe would like to buy a skin but can't be asked to gamble for it. I think this is horrible and i will never pay for it. Even if i bought skin packs in the original KF.That said, i still like KF2 and i think that a in-game marketplace for skins has it's place in the game. I can see buying and selling skins working very well in the game. However i would preffer TIW to find their own way to do so - with or without the community - instead of just copying another system because it promises ridicioulus amounts of money. Even if TIW  has to exploit a fraction of their user base for it.----------Original ReviewWithout any fanboyism, even with some of the bugs and lack of content the game in the current EA phase has, it's worth the money i paid for it.The gunplay is absolutly excellent. The gameplay is pretty good, the game gets carried a lot from the gory feedback and the excessive mess you can make during a match - at the end of a playtrough the map looks like a meatgrinder just rolled trough.So, i would say it's sure not the most innovative game if it comes to gameplay, but it has enough to carry it and the technic (Graphics, animations, effects) is stellar."
,Recommended,232090,32409857,Posted: 14 June,all,Peppr,"Pros+Weapons look great and feel satisfying. Animations are mo-capped at 200+ frames a second.+Ragdolls and gibs are stupidly glorious.+Wide selection and variety in vanilla maps.+Good playerbase, always lots of servers available and an active modding community; workshop maps, game-modes, skins and other goodies.Cons-Updates take months at a time. Usually not that large.-Outside of leveling/playing dif perks and getting achievements, there's not much replayability.-Boss fights are mediocre, and there's currently only two. Not a fan of Hans personally.Edit 03 October 2017 - Playerbase of roughly 2200 players at any given time, rather small but it definitely has a certain cult following of fans. Only difficult to find games late at night EU time.Still enjoyable after 700 hours, especially w/ friends. Although lack of things to do after leveling all perks and gathering all achievements is a major drawback. Upcoming payday-style dosh vault and (hopefully) prestige system should remedy this.Still recommend for any fans of co-op survival or horde zombies."
,Recommended,232090,33714942,Posted: 22 July,all,MrSamo,"Such an underated game. Lots of different perks to level up- with a huge variety of weapons. You will be hooked for hours, killing endless zombie waves... 10/10."
,Recommended,232090,33040979,Posted: 30 June,all,Five-SeveN,"An all out improvement on Killing floor. the gore system is absolutely Gore-geous. Perks are a Tad grindy, but the variety of perks are very enjoyable.My gripes with the game is 1: low leveled perks joining suicidal and HoE, and the perks being grindy.Both KF1 and 2 are grand games though, would highly recommend."
,Recommended,232090,33459583,Posted: 11 July,all,Kirito,█──█──███──████──█████─█───█───█──█──██─██───█───█─────████──█───█───█──█──██──█──███──████──███████──████──█───██─████─────█──█──██─███─██─██──████──█─█─██─████──█──█──█──█───██─█████──█──█──█───██─███
,Recommended,232090,33752918,Posted: 23 July,all,Winkerz/Hariott,"It's MUCH faster than Killing Floor 1More of a Jump in, Jump out - style of playKilling Floor 1 was slower, maps were bigger - had a more 'survivor' feel to itKilling Floor 2 is faster, small (focused) maps - has an 'arcade' feel to it; far more than KF1Still super fun & worth the moneyIt's just different enough for people to want to play it & still want to go back to play KF1"
,Recommended,232090,34074771,Posted: 6 August,all,Avenger Jeanne D'Arc Alter,"Game is good, nice graphics, its great fun especially when you play with friends, you can pop heads with your freinds for all you like, certatinly a challange especially on suicidal and Hell on earth, although the game is good, there is a lack of maps, and sometimes event Zeds.  Still desregarding that its a good game."
,Recommended,232090,33492556,Posted: 12 July,all,Chubby Corgi,My boyfriend says I'm addicted to this game and need help.10/10 would make bae worry again
,Recommended,232090,15746765,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Chakz,it's all about DOSH
,Recommended,232090,15679260,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Tundra Scorpion,"Everything, and I mean everything has been improved, and the game isn't even complete yet.It goes without saying that Tripwire knew the direction they were going with Killing Floor 2; Bullets, blades and blood. Focusing on those three assets alone they have taken their wildly successful wave-based survival horror game and upped the ante. Letting loose their grotesque, violent, gut showering sequel.Over the first game the graphical assets are visibly improved, without much competition due to the first game being built on a massively outdated engine. What really seals the deal is the MEAT system (Massive Evisceration And Trauma), managing all the intense blood and violence to create what I consider to be the all time best video game violence ever. All the zombies have over 20 areas of dismemberment that can be shot off, from simple decapitation all the way to reducing them to a skeletal pulp held together by loose strands of flesh. Seriously, the gore in this game is disgusting in how incredibly detailed it is. What's more, any and all blood that splashes onto the map will stay there permanently without any user-end performance issues, every area where you held stand off is marked permanently with blood. Personally, I would have liked to see some more straight slashes and dismemberment with the bladed weapons, similar to that of Shadow Warrior.As well as the graphics taking a massive overhaul, the audio has improved as well. Each character has their own unique voice and dialogue options, carrying a lot more personality to the charmingly bad two base voices available in Killing Floor 1. The music is not to everyone's tastes but I personally love it (since I'm a metalhead). The soundtrack was one of the main reasons I got the digital delux version, along with the fact that I'm a self-proclaimed artist and I loved looking over the concept art with the digital art book, the other digital delux upgrades were minor notes compared to those two points.One of the top gameplay points of Killing Floor was its perk and level up system, where in the first game simply raising yourself by one level was a grinding hell on earth, Killing Floor 2's level up system is smooth as silk. A comparison: In Killing Floor, in order to level up your Support perk you not only had to kill a set amount of enemies with shotguns, but you ALSO had to weld thousands of points on doors, which was a nightmare to accomplish. Killing Floor 2 however has a single XP bar that determines level ups, and counts both shotgun kills and door welding on the same bar to simplify the process and make it less mind-numbing to accomplish. Instead of 6 levels per perk, there is up to 25 (correct me if I'm wrong) that level up a lot quicker, and for every 5 levels you can select one of two class perks to improve your gameplay experience and fill you in better to your preferred roles.Weapons are unfortunately limited, but since this is early access done RIGHT (take notes to the rest of you failed devs taking advantage of Steam's non-existant quality control) more and more weapons will be added down the road, which is good because although the game isn't 100% complete we still can play it, experiencing new weapons and other goodies over continuous free updates (unless Tripwire changes their mind, which would be a horrible idea that would split the community down the middle), similar to Team Fortress 2, and we all know how long that game has kept afloat.Each weapon in the game is unique, fun to use and leaves an impact on the waves of Zeds shambling down at you, and if more of this quality is on the way, then yes please Tripwire.The weakest part of Killing Floor in my opinion is the boss fight, and the new boss in Killing Floor 2 is no better. He's interesting to fight although his appearance is underwhelming, but after beating him once or twice I've lost all the interest in fighting him again, and would much rather continuously stomp my way through waves of Zeds. A personal wish for this game would be an extra long or even endless survival mode that just keeps getting harder and harder, increasing the numbers of not only the waves but also the distribution of heavy hitters.With everything improved so, it's no wonder KF2 is off to such a strong start. Tripwire did their job right, getting my hyped for this game without letting me down. They also got rid of the trader, because everyone hated the trader."
,Recommended,232090,25975748,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,TormenT,Fun with friends. Really like the VS mode now and can't wait for the full game to come out
,Recommended,232090,27011875,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Galactic,Really fun game if you're a fan of the first one it's just a bigger and better version of it.
,Recommended,232090,27246411,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheScariestSoul,"Killing Floor 2 is an awesome sequel to the original Killing FloorIt's the same basic fomula from Killing Floor, fight off increasingly difficult and disgusting hordes ofmutated clones leading up to the boss.I bought KF2 within the hour it was released on steam early access because I how confident Iwas with Tripwire Interactive. Now that it's been released I was glad to see I put my money in the right place.===THE ZEDS===The KF2 Zeds are all recycled from KF1 with some minor differences.The Clot now has three varients (four if your play on harder difficulties)The Cyst which is a Clot that is alot slower and is just canon fodderThe Alpha clot - the standard clot from KF1The Slasher a pyschotic clot that is more agileThen there's the Suicidal/Hell on Earth clot the ""Omega"" Clot who can enrage other ZEDs around themThe crawler has a Suicidal/Hell on Earth varient which explodes into a cloud of gas on death.This can be avoided if the killing blow is a headshot though.The Patriarch returns from KF1 as a boss ""with some new tricks""There's a new boss not seen in KF1 ""Dr. Hans Volter"" a mad scientist in a exo-suit who steals your health for himself.===Difficulty===Normal and Hard Difficulty are quite similar with slow moving ZEDSs lumbering towards youNormal difficulty is a good starting point where as Hard difficulty increases some of the health and damage of the ZEDsSuicidal and Hell on Earth Difficulty change up the way the ZEDs behave giving them completely new attacksand behavours not seen in the lower difficulties.Notable things include ""albino"" zeds who are more uncommon to spawn in and have special abilities.All the ""trash"" ZEDs (clots, crawlers, gorefasts, stalkers) become able to dodge and block their heads to prevent it being shot offScrakes and Fleshpounds are easier to enrage they can also cover their heads to avoid headshots.The Husk is more likely to kamikaze bomb you on low health and can also use a flamethrower attack in close-quartersnot seen in lower difficulties.===THE PERKS===All the classic perks return from KF1 including some new onesBerzerkerSupportMedicCommandoFirebugDemolitionistGunslinger - KF2 PerkSharpshooterSurvivalist - KF2 PerkSWAT - KF2 PerkEach perk has 25 individual levels as opposed  of KF1's 6 levelsEach 5 levels in the perks unlock a ""perk skill"" which allows you to make a decision on your perk's playstyleSupport for example at level 5 can choose between 50% large weapon magazines or faster reloadingEvery perk has a ZED time skill at level 25 that activates when the slow-motion kicks in.Berzerkers can completely ignore ZED-time and move and attack in real timeGunslingers can fire with out consuming ammo and reload 75% fasterSharpshooters can do far more damage ect.Over all I think this is a fantastic sequel to Killing Floor 1, although I do miss the old graphics with their creepyand gritty asthethic this is definately the sequel Killing Floor 1 deserves."
76561198022821134,Recommended,232090,27325831,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Suji,"The game is just awesome! You get there with a little gun to kill little zeds, then you get a bigger gun to kill bigger zedz. And every wave you shout to your teammates to get to the CHOPPA (yes, trader, but it ain't that fun)! And the greatest thing about this game is that you'll never get tired of killing 'em again, again and again! 10\10"
,Recommended,232090,27529986,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Leo,"Before you buy this game, ask yourself these questions:Do you like guns?Do you like shooting said guns?Do you also like seeing mutant hell zombies getting every part of their body blown off?If you answered yes to all three, congrats, you're a psychopath!"
,Recommended,232090,29851159,Posted: 11 February,all,berkie,Got Carpal Tunnel Syndrome from spamming my dual revolversWould spam again 10/10
,Recommended,232090,27233647,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[Yai],Best of the Best ♥
76561198006265954,Recommended,232090,27300641,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Protuberanssi,"Killing Floor 2 is gory multiplayer shooter, and it's fun. It still needs a pile of new weapons to give more equipment variety and more maps, some of which should be bit bigger and more open than the current ones, not to mention places where welding the damn doors would be more useful.But even though this game has its cons, it is still enjoyable shooty action mess, especially with friends."
76561198005038081,Recommended,232090,28913399,Posted: 1 January,all,Marius West,co-op shooter the new Killing Floor
76561198170786759,Recommended,232090,28922633,Posted: 1 January,all,ROMANLEGION555,GREAT GAME
76561198261665599,Recommended,232090,28977714,Posted: 3 January,all,EatASnicker69,"You might be wondering in your mind whether to buy this game or not; you are probably thinking that this game will get boring in an hour or so, well you are wrong. This game will put you to do the same exact thing over and over again, KILLING ZEDS. This game is like csgo or overwatch, the cocept is simple and repetitive yet enjoyable no matter how much you play. Great game 69/10."
,Recommended,232090,30762783,Posted: 26 March,all,JP,"It is like a spicy meatball except the meat is brain, and the sauce is blood."
,Recommended,232090,30866846,Posted: 31 March,all,Burrito,"This game is great if you just want to kill zombies, scream at the same time as the Sirens, and if you like gore."
,Recommended,232090,31497988,Posted: 1 May,all,Dani Daniels,"Will not stop till all perks are max level!addictive, amazing gunplay, outstanding performance, friendly community. All round great game"
76561198021713749,Recommended,232090,32392679,Posted: 13 June,all,SleepyBear,go buy it now
76561198131457901,Recommended,232090,34564987,Posted: 28 August,all,clout,"Metal,Guns,and Zeds. 10/10"
,Recommended,232090,25916499,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Kr1mps,"Just one of the best. An excellent franchise that continues to improve, and updates keep me engaged instead of scaring me away. 30 dollars is a steal for what could be 65+. For those of you looking for that small studio gem, this is it."
76561198020396348,Recommended,232090,26789150,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Baron Von Thiccbig Mcgirthenhuge,"Great game, never before have i seen a pristine hallway go from shining white to a red so deep it evokes feelings of shame and bloodlust."
,Recommended,232090,26823331,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Swagborg,"Zeds, lots of zeds!"
,Recommended,232090,26923176,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PFPPersonality,"An awesome Co-operative game where you can kill failed cloned specimens, earn cash, and enjoy the pure british-ness with your friends."
76561198055154978,Recommended,232090,26963190,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Laughing Man,"Highly satisfying bullet sharing simulator.  I'm very generous with my bullets.Great fun with friends and random teammates.  Met a bunch of cool team players in pot luck matches, people happy to help and work together.  Only found one *sshat so big thumbs up for the community.Gunplay feels good, melee is gratifying.  Bullet time + (Torgue voice) EXPLOWSHUUN!!!S is just bloody beautiful.Really enjoying the mayhem."
76561198043194605,Recommended,232090,27008125,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Odobenus rosmarus,Just a hell of a ton of fun.
,Recommended,232090,27258070,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Appelflap64,"If you have a common hatred for bald man, This is your game! Definitely!"
,Recommended,232090,27321549,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Viktorrrrr,"Fun game to play solo or with friends, easy to learn and a lot of gore and DOSH!!!"
76561197961757124,Recommended,232090,27511055,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LouisCyr,Keeps getting better every patch
76561198114565985,Recommended,232090,28229046,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Jacobo,"I have been playing this game since i was a young lad i didn't have many friends but i met them all on kf2 it was an emotional journey that took me to many places. My mommy would bring me my pizza rolls saying ""jacobo kys yourself"" as i would go in the perk leveling map eating their asses out. I dont know what to say besides this game changed my life for the better. If you dont like this game stop jerking off your dog and grab the noose you moron. Honestly i don't know what to say to those idiots that have no hours in a game but act like it's their favorite game of all time like wtf my dude. I even met my first girl on killing floor 2 her name was francis. anyways if you are thinking about getting this game think about that best cream pie you had with your body pillow times x1000 because you will get so erect playing this game. Thank for reading my eulogy i hope you will follow in my footsteps"
,Recommended,232090,30759314,Posted: 26 March,all,Nakano Azusa,good game
,Recommended,232090,30764976,Posted: 26 March,all,riverfish,This is a game where you can buy guns.
,Recommended,232090,31282042,Posted: 21 April,all,Mr. Meeseeks,just buy melee and go beserk while dummies waste bullllleets not worht the money tbh but its really cheap when its on sale
,Recommended,232090,31690200,Posted: 11 May,all,Pumorzn,♥♥♥♥♥DEMAI$
,Recommended,232090,32172724,Posted: 4 June,all,danny o,"Honestly, I love this game. I really do. It's grabbed me and it won't let go. I've always loved KF2. Nothin' like booting this game and just shredding zeds with an AA12. The music is great and fits the game perfectly. One problem I have with it though, (very minor), is I wish you could be able to change the weapon FOV, so its not right in your face. It's super eye straining."
76561198014579994,Recommended,232090,25444609,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,MiniMuffinCat,Cannot get enough of the blood and bits that fly around as I launch yet another hand-held nuke into a swarm of zeds. BRING EM ON!
,Recommended,232090,26013868,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,TraKeZ,Very fun game with friends 9/10 :)
76561198123630834,Recommended,232090,26207687,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,MiloBanilo,So good it creates a whole new category to rank games.+Early Access of The Year 2016+
,Recommended,232090,26967497,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jollen,"Awesome game, enjoyed slicing through zeds while screaming and running from a fleshpound trying to pound my meat."
,Recommended,232090,27006257,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fish,pretty good co-op shooter. one of the best even.
,Recommended,232090,27583249,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[KArT]Zenaku,Very funny if you play with your friends
,Recommended,232090,28836812,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,CaP,Pretty nice...
,Recommended,232090,30379327,Posted: 7 March,all,Sicck,"I am one of those people whom often find themselves bored, not knowing what to do. And thats where this fantastic game comes in.Killing Floor 2. Not much to be said about this game although that is not to say it is bad, in fact it is quite the contrary.A sequal to the first game titled, as you'd expect, Killing Floor, KF2 remains the same concept but with a bunch of extra stuff. Killing Floor 2 is a wave survival game which pits you (solo or with friends) against waves of escaped specimens from a ♥♥♥♥ed up cloning experiment. Refered to simply as ""Zeds"" your objective is to survive the waves by killing all Zeds. After finishing a wave you will be given a brief moment of respite where you can visit the trading pod to buy new weapons, get some armor and ammo. After surviving all the waves you will face one of two bosses and after killing them you will win the match. Simple concept, surprisingly fun.The game features 10 perks (classes) with each one being suited to different weapons and they can be leveled up through a simple ""as you play and kill♥♥♥♥♥♥with your class' weapons you earn XP"" system. The game features an alright amount of weapons although that could be expanded on and there are also a good variety of Zeds to keep you on your toes.Overall I find this game to be worth grabbing due to it being a good game that you can boot up if you find yourself with nothing to do as the games don't take too long. Plus the game features utterly ♥♥♥♥ing stupid amounts of violence which is what all games should have."
,Recommended,232090,30679451,Posted: 22 March,all,BlueAura,"Bought this during Early access, the game has definitely had somewhat of a troubling development but the developers have done a great job taking advantage of the community contributions through bug reports and balancing (which still continues to this day).  Thanks to both party's efforts the game is all the better because of it, it's lots of fun with friends and recieves free new updates a few times every year.  Lots of perks, official / community made maps, and characters to choose from.  I'm hoping they spend more of their efforts into adding new weapons to the game, new gamemodes... and a new boss wouldn't hurt (which i'm very certiain they will add)!Great replayability and well worth the pricetag, I let my total hours spent playing the game do the talking.  As Mr. Foster would say ""Grab it while you can lads!"""
,Recommended,232090,25393259,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Xalegion,WHAT? a decent community and enjoyable with random ppl?KF2/10
76561198032842695,Recommended,232090,26938719,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TLTS,out of early access...ans still a very nice game.but get repetetive quick...just treat it as a casual game
,Recommended,232090,27174300,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jenny Thalia,Just okay.
,Recommended,232090,27195713,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ｓｕｇｏｉ　ｎｅｅ,"Best Mix of Survival, RPG and Horror i've played. Huge fan of Killing Floor 1, and KF2 just upgrades x1000 the Killing Floor 1 experience."
76561198115944084,Recommended,232090,27335135,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JazzeJesse0201,"This game has stepped up from the first Killing Floor. I say it is well worth the money, and they have very good workshop items up too. The melee system, the perks, and the new weapons make this game cherry. The music is also amazing, even giving you the choice to put vocals on some songs. Very good."
,Recommended,232090,28566715,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,hrron,best game ever :)
76561197995105896,Recommended,232090,25298161,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,OSHIMA,So good...so good...5/5!
,Recommended,232090,26141172,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Cpt. Dallas,"This is the Killing Floor game that every fan of the game expected to see! In addition to the first game this one has a lot of improvements like game mechanics,new animations for zeds,graphics,soundtrack and more. I'm writting this in the early access stage and I'm sure that tripwire will improve our game experience for this title(the game is amazing right now to play but it will be better).I really recommend this game because it is a team-based game so you can have fun with your friends and also the price is very good! The game really worth it even if it is in early access."
76561198091497724,Recommended,232090,26863362,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Krabby The Clown,amazing
,Recommended,232090,26926442,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kiwibob,It's ok I guess
76561197999148379,Recommended,232090,27292401,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jay-K_47,"I waited like a good little boy for this to come out of Early Access after a long and painful wait and I couldn't be any more happy that I did.Aside from the microtransactions, this game is quite an evolution from it's predecessor in all good ways possible.From being a mod for UT2004, going to a complete standalone game, to evolving into a great sequel oozing everywhere with quality; KF2 will make you moist and lube you up for a fun, intense, quality title that will surely get better with time with more weapons, maps, and bosses."
,Recommended,232090,27535582,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Alink,The patriach just need a hug. 1 like = 1 like #zedsoutforpatriarch
,Recommended,232090,27693757,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cryovine,This game contains enough blood to feed Dracula for a century
76561198171870883,Recommended,232090,28143962,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,JOE DAYZ 909,"Great fun, would be nice if we had more of a story mode though. If you enjoy Left 4 dead in sure you 'll like this"
76561198060664472,Recommended,232090,29869599,Posted: 12 February,all,Punch Dance,pew pew pew
,Recommended,232090,30802898,Posted: 28 March,all,The_Chosen_One,"It's pure adrenalin! But I think it needs more modes, zombies, new level-up perks, and of course more bosses!"
,Recommended,232090,30866643,Posted: 31 March,all,zombeez007,Great game 10/10 wish they would add more bosses - zombeez007
76561198028184694,Recommended,232090,31306721,Posted: 22 April,all,Storm,"You play as Mike 'The Electric Fence' Pence, the last straight man on Earth after the LGBT community turned everyone gay. Pence has to hold out against waves of gays in order to restore humanity to its former glory.11/10 would shock myself to avoid the gay again."
,Recommended,232090,25613236,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Ares,"If video games were likened to human beings, Killing Floor 2 would be like the girlfriend / boyfriend who decided that just being fun and charming wasn't good enough for you, and decided to hit the gym to get super fit, all the while ditching the cargo pants and stained sweatpants for something a lot more flattering.This game is an improvement over the original in almost every way.  Explosive gunplay, beautiful graphics, snappy controls--it's all there.  The new perk levelling system is also fun, and is an improvement over the original in that it provides inherent benefits in the form of Perk Talents to each perk, and not just being thrown free perk weapons upon spawning.  These can be changed on the fly between waves, allowing players to change their playing styles even within the same perk depending on the needs of the team.  For instance, a medic focused on healing and team buffs may decide to switch to a more of a combat role without changing perks if it occurs to him that the team doesn't need as much healing as originally thought.Communications between TWI and the fan base has also improved dramatically after a period of near silence, even if there was never any doubt that TWI intend to support KF2 as long as they can (as evidenced by the stellar track record with KF1).If KF2 continues to go the way it has been going as of late, I can see myself playing this game for years to come, and I don't see myself being alone in thinking this way."
,Recommended,232090,26799292,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[CPC] Nostra,"Waiting for more content, but so far, it's a blast. The gameplay and the graphics are both satisfying, all it's missing is more maps now."
76561198007079321,Recommended,232090,26863436,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spaceman,Seems like a brainless shooter but can be really challenging and requires teamplay
,Recommended,232090,27405107,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Harry the Handsome Butcher,There are no floors to kill but I rate 10/10
76561198073626540,Recommended,232090,27556404,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,T H I C C  B O I,If I had a gun with two bullets and Hitler and Bin Laden were in a room I would shoot myself twice.
,Recommended,232090,30005580,Posted: 18 February,all,4saken,"Well I never play the first game before. I straight jump into the second one because theres a discount on the game. I would say its good, mechanical good. I went into the game knowing its ganna be a coop game. If you have friends that would waste the time together, I would recommended it.But I still hoping for more stuff to be add into the game in the future such as MORE BOSSES (Please? theres like 2 bosses wtf), More lvl up(25lvl currently), and more feature (more then survival)."
,Recommended,232090,30251554,Posted: 28 February,all,CYGNIUS,It really sucks without multiplayer because it's almost impossible.
,Recommended,232090,30384706,Posted: 7 March,all,Hexie Lambent - ♤,"It's entertaining to beat up angsty bags of red gelatin, yes yes.It'd be wildly more entertaining if the development speed was any faster than the bloat's waddling speed."
76561198219760139,Recommended,232090,26938451,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-CG- | Rock,"Killing Floor 2 is a PvE wave based horror survival game where you must assemble your team of six to hack, shoot and burn your way through the army of geneticaly mutated clones known as zeds.:Killing Floor 2 allows you to pick from the 10 perks listed below:- Support                  - Firebug- Gunslinger              - S.W.A.T- Survivalist              - Gunslinger- Feild Medic             - Demolitionist- Sharpshooter          - CommandoIn Killing Floor 2 you will need to have some perk diversity within your team to survive, hence allowing for a more team orientated experience. Killing Floor 2 tends to have a rather nice and welcoming community that is open to and respective of new players.You can even find several Killing Floor 2  groups that are constantly on the look out for new players to welcome to the community such as:KillingFloor2Gods:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/KillingFloor2GodsKilling Floor 2 Australia:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/KF2wwSo why not come and join the Killing Floor 2 community in our advances to rid freaks and geneticaly impure from the face of the earth."
,Recommended,232090,26997028,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[CCC]Nihilistic*6,"A very well done sequel to the classic realistic zombie survival, teamwork oriented  shooter. (killing floor 1 ). Players must cooperate together and support the team with different classes to suvrive and win. A microphone and clear communications are eseential to win. Worth the $$$."
,Recommended,232090,27112966,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wulf Wargan,Fast paced horde based game
,Recommended,232090,27514664,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TigerMafia,"The sequel to ""Both barrels for you you basterds!"" and ""Dosh grab it while you can lads!"", better graphics, more♥♥♥♥♥kicking and definetly Awsome!"
76561198089953988,Recommended,232090,27582570,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ReaperStalk,"Killing Floor is a fast paced horde mode game with emphasis on tailoring to any player's playstyle by including 10 unique perks. Gunplay in this game is superb, the best out of any game I ever played. In addition, the sound is amazing and the gore is very exagerated. Though one may get bored with a game that is entirely a horde mode based game, I am yet to experience said feeling due to the complexity and rewarding perk progression system. In conclusion, Killing Floor 2 is a goretastic game that has a bit of a learning curve and I find quite fun. It is definitely an excellent sequal to its predicessor that was one of my first games coming into PC gaming."
,Recommended,232090,28268356,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,[RFG]Shãdøw,very good game im very impressed by it i bought it for myself and my buddy now im probly buying it for my other buddy im using a 10 year old computer running with the best graphics and its going fine freezing parts here and there but i honestly think its my computer having issues with the game but im just to into the graphics to turn them down and im talking old to the point im still using windows vista and my internet broszer dont work internet explor. google chrom . firefox. even ♥♥♥♥ing safari only thing that works in steam broszer so great game
76561198043143114,Recommended,232090,28791198,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,PapaZola,Best killing Zombie
76561198258659559,Recommended,232090,29394562,Posted: 21 January,all,Nick_1357,"good game, free updates and no dlc so far (1/21/2017)lets just hope trip wire interactive dont screw up somehow."
,Recommended,232090,29417723,Posted: 22 January,all,Githyanki,"I definitely recommend this game if you're one of those who love FPS games and the first of this series.It's a coop based game, so you'll need to really understand how your team works and complement each other, especially on the Suicidal and Hell on Earth diffculty."
76561198213467604,Recommended,232090,30606154,Posted: 18 March,all,ADUMB,Add more type of monsters please...................................
,Recommended,232090,30733264,Posted: 25 March,all,Jenoer,Fun.
76561198208264988,Recommended,232090,31823047,Posted: 18 May,all,Gay,LIKE
,Recommended,232090,33776817,Posted: 24 July,all,Komrade Ushanka,"One of the best games I've played, with developers that have passion for their game."
,Recommended,232090,26278691,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,TipToeBandit,Insane on higher difficulties but awesome. Needs some good tlc still but it is early access for a little bit longer. Still amazing either way.
76561198003006194,Recommended,232090,27041636,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Samurai,This game has many different kinds of characters to play as and many different weapons to use. It’s fun to kill zeds it never gets old.
76561198144761391,Recommended,232090,28631499,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,scoTTY,pretty cool game
76561198103213075,Recommended,232090,28924726,Posted: 1 January,all,Mrs.Spooky✪,"I hate floors. I was hoping this was a game where you kill floors , it's not :(. It's a cool game where you kill retared zombois who rly want 2 eat iu. I laik it."
76561198119326515,Recommended,232090,29702814,Posted: 4 February,all,capтaιnallѕтar,"🎵Wave after wave, wave after wave, slowly dying🎵"
,Recommended,232090,29757477,Posted: 7 February,all,FLAPJACKDAN,"This is an awesome game! The soundtrack, the ambience, the characters, perks, maps, and so much much more was done so right though it's biggest downfall is the repetitive gameplay. Just like it's predecessor I believe after around 100+ hours the game starts to become repetitive once you level up all your characters and played every map and gamemode at the highest difficulty. I love the game and you should buy it just understand I'm too high to care to write more.Soundtrack- Such an orchestra of metal and ambience. It's really good.Graphics- Looks at least like any modern AAA game. The graphics fit the style and look gorgious maxed out!8.9/10 - Will play again"
,Recommended,232090,29976661,Posted: 16 February,all,Notac,10/10 would taunt zeds again
76561198056858293,Recommended,232090,25705038,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,[GNS]EdgeOfEcho,"fun game with a reaonsable price, perhaps the only early access game that will ever be released as a good, well-made game.what i like:as a first person shooter game, this game has put a lot of effort into the shooting and weapons. Guns are detailed and i like the authentic touch.Being able to check your magazines and inspect your weapon like in csgo is a little detail i like a lotalso when you equip the fast reload perk, you don't just speed up the reload like cod, you actually have different animation for it, also great detail.game looks okay and doesn't really require a kick♥♥♥♥♥pc to runoverall feels good to play, fun little gamewhat i don't likelike RO2 or Rising Storm, takes a oddly long time to load the game for some reasoncsgo skin system?? I guess skins are okay???base game has a lot to offer, but i'd love to see a bit more in terms of characters and perks or weapons.overall i think this is a pretty good game, for 30 dollars you get a casual, fun game with a lot of progression and fun game play."
,Recommended,232090,25959904,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Redfield01,If you want a metal AF experience then you've come to the right place.
,Recommended,232090,26366143,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Mattacus,Awesome and fun game to waste time!
,Recommended,232090,27025671,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,slashvoid,Can now sprint. A++++ Would buy again.
,Recommended,232090,27239611,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dr.Spaceman,Fun!
76561198006726936,Recommended,232090,27316713,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LoS | Elite Enemy,"Great game, better playing with friends."
,Recommended,232090,27322888,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dani,stupid addictive game
76561198050866753,Recommended,232090,27381294,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Detonater17,"Love this game, always getting better an better, spend hours playing it"
76561197998815606,Recommended,232090,27530501,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Max,"Killing floor 2 is a pretty good sequel to the original.Pros:Graphics - While great, don't require a beefy PC to run.Blood & Gore - Much improved gore system with physX based gibs and blood that covers the map for the entire game.Animations - The weapon animations are EXTREMLY well done, some of the best reload animations in any game ever.Mods - The game is modable and does support modded servers like the original.Cons:Diversity - There aren't too many weapons to choose fromContent - Not huge amount of maps and only 2 bosses as of this reviewGambling & Skins - Similar system to what was implemented in other games like CSGO, the system often leads to gambling and will have a negative effect on the community.Overall 7/10."
,Recommended,232090,27850860,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rentalmetard ☭,gore simulator
76561198053713156,Recommended,232090,28292059,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Reddi,"If you like burning, smashing, shooting, or blowing up meaty monsters this game is pretty good at simulating that."
76561198056809648,Recommended,232090,28300685,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,ValmoixNZ,"""Killing W h o r e s II"" quote by Sir_Returd_of_Returdia is a great game you should get it and kill ZEDS[returded word for Zombies]."
,Recommended,232090,28351719,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,UMZ,"Classic kf with better everything, what more do you what?"
,Recommended,232090,30489124,Posted: 13 March,all,Big Cloaker,only reason i bought killing floor 2 is cuzYOU CAN GAS ZEDS AS A MEDIC10/10
76561198031157742,Recommended,232090,31692033,Posted: 11 May,all,John Walrus III,"For those who come from Killing Floor 1: **THIS IS NOT THAT GAME.**While Killing Floor shares similarities and pulls from KF1, it is not the same game. I would even argue that KF1 is (in some aspects) better. However, even with the things it changes and the new tools it brings to the table, I feel that KF2 has the polish that KF1 lacked, both visually and mechanically.If you haven't played KF1, I reccomend KF2 instead. See what you like about it and see if you would prefer doubling back to the original. If you HAVE played KF1, research. I came from the original and I like this sequel, but there are others who don't, and you may not feel the same as me.TL;DR : If nothing else, a solid PVE shooter, but not the same as KF1 for better or worse."
,Recommended,232090,33770861,Posted: 24 July,all,Brunsauce,Cool and good.
,Recommended,232090,34537739,Posted: 27 August,all,Mitsuha,good for head popping cravings
,Recommended,232090,27053158,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,leonthesleepy,"With nearly 100 hours, Killing Floor 2 remains a damn good time of cooperative zed slaughter!No story, cinematics or any fluff. This is just pure, blissful gameplay with lots and lots of guns. If you liked games like L4D2 i REALLY reccomend this!There are 10 classes to choose from and the focus on teamwork to survive makes for briliantly hectic matches that STILL havent gotten old. Plus you'll be busy grinding to level all your classes, so this will keep you busy for a long, LONG time."
,Recommended,232090,27198888,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,codename: hentai artist,"get the katana you freaking gengi main going sweaty palms typing to how your team sucks, don't forget mom's spaghetti."
,Recommended,232090,27409769,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Grantelbart,Very funny and bloody Co-op Survival Game against mutated Zeds.I recommend everyone to play this game if you like to get attacked by hot naked dudes without genitals which are throwing their intestines and bodyparts at you when you shoot them. This game is literally build on brutality and gore.
,Recommended,232090,29224554,Posted: 13 January,all,Kalong Wewe,most liked in this game is its slow motion to me to make a shooter so tense
,Recommended,232090,29412749,Posted: 21 January,all,Makahveli,"Insanely addictive, highly reccomended, lost my wife and children due to this game 11/10"
,Recommended,232090,30127434,Posted: 23 February,all,Jannu,37% of players boosting their perk to lvl25 and then coming to Hell On Earth to ruin everything6/10 would not recommend
,Recommended,232090,30701481,Posted: 24 March,all,D3aD M1c3 V3n0m,"extremely enjoyable game. it is a  hvz game. ( human vs zombies ) or zeds in this matter. The shooting is so good that it never gets boring.  But since when did shooting the heads of monsters become boring?. The game offers you 4 very fair and balanced difficulty's.  normal with is basically the only game mode you will be able to beat when you start off with the game, Hard with is like it says hard until you get some perks up to lv 5-10. suicidal with is much more difficult than hard and is recommended for perks that are lv 15+.  then there is Hell on earth or HoE for short. That game mode is the most difficult of them all and only very very skilled players can beat it alone.The difficulty is not that the enemy's become more bullet spongy they can use new attacks and they can also spawn in alpha versions as well. And they can also become enraged if you deal a lot of damage in a short period of time.The shooting of the game is very enjoyable its satisfying and feels good in a lot of ways. The guns feels like they have some weight to it. it dosent feel like the recoil is to heavy or to light. the weapons have enough recoil and weigh to them satisfying to shoot. All tho i think that the deagle has to much recoil but thats just me.The characters  are interesting and not annoying. ( i am looking at you rey from star wars the force awakens ಠ_ಠ ) The characters are funny and interesting to lisen to. sometimes the characters can point out things in there environment such as zeds ammo boxes weapons and dosh. ( with is cash in this game)The maps are very well done. But some maps are less popular than others because of size or environment. dark and small maps tend to be the least populated while the bright and large maps such as outpost are very well populated.over all 9/10 a very good example of how a early access game should be like. This game as aged like fine whine and it dosent seem to get sour. Every thing from head to toe on this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. From the smart AI to the shooting to the characters to the map design is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. Only reason i dont give it a 10/10 is because of how easy it is to play solo. thanks for reading my review hope it was informative"
,Recommended,232090,33983921,Posted: 2 August,all,Mafius,Buyed it in Summer Sales and can't stop playing since. Awesome game.
,Recommended,232090,26865573,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,admiral_meow,Holy gore.
,Recommended,232090,26886131,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Papa_Dragon,"Ever since early alpha this game was significantly improving with each update. And now, on release it's probably most polished and balanced out Co-op shooter out there. Easy to learn, hard to master. Unforgiving, smart and reliant on each player knowing their role in the team. Overall, it's excellent experience which will have you hooked for hundreds of hours, once you'll see the depth of what it's offering."
76561198051759738,Recommended,232090,28241344,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Imp3rialDron3,"I bought this game as soon as it was available on Early Access, and plugged away at it for 200 hours. I'm giving this game a positive review, but I must say I'm very disappointed by the full release of this game.Graphics:The game looks great. It's not perfect, but the graphics, fire and particle effects are very nicely done, the gore engine is amazing and the whole game is just big beautiful bloody mess. Environments look unique, none of the official maps look alike, none of the guns look like generic wastes (aside from some of the starting weapons, which is to be expected) and overall the game looks wonderful.Sound:The guns sound wonderful. Seriously, I love the sound the shotguns and explosives make. The only weapons I can't stand the sound of are the Medic Assault Rifle, and the melee swings for most weapons. I feel like the berserker's hammer swings just don't sound meaty enough. They don't have much oomph behind them, they're not particularly crisp or even that loud. I know I could turn the sound up, but doing so would make every other weapon shatter my ear drums.The soundtrack isn't exactly my style of music, but it fits the game perfectly. The fact that I can turn lyrics on or off only makes it that much better.The voice acting for this game is a lot better than it's predecessor. The fact that there's so many new and different voices now makes the game feel so much better to me. I love Mr. Foster, but I also love Skully. All of the female voices sound pretty decent as well.The game sounds good, but I wouldn't say it's perfect. Some weapons seriously need some different sound files.Gameplay:There are a bunch of different classes, each of which do something better than others. Berserkers are tanks and can clear mobs of enemies without dropping hundreds of dollars in ammo. Commandos can lay down long ranged, accurate rapid fire support to soften up enemies. Supports can keep doors up and provide ammo to his allies, as well as heavy, close-ranged burst damage to his enemies. They all play really well, and they handle in a way that's unique.Then there's the Survivalist special snowflake. This is one of the issues with the game a lot of people seem to have. When this game was fully released, all that was added from the Early Access version was an assault rifle for the demolitions class, and the survivalist class, who has almost no special abilities at all. He just uses the weapons from all the other classes. The fact that the update that released this class took so long after the previous update where they added maps rubs a lot of people the wrong way, myself included. Also, the idea that an Early Access game that didn't even have all of its maps done yet had developers spending time, money and effort creating weapon skins for microtransactions over finishing their game's levels was a less than promising concept to me.I'd give this game a solid 8/10, especially when I consider the Steam Workshop support this game has. Just the other day a friend and I played a full recreation of Bikini Bottom where we murdered zombies in various copyright free Spongebob places(https://youtu.be/8u3COmQonWA)It's a great game. It's a lot of fun. I just wish the developers hadn't released it the way they had."
76561197960431441,Recommended,232090,28686799,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,JPMcWhiskers,"Killing floor 2 follows the same great tradition as the first game.  Essentially, you play up to 10 rounds in an increasingly difficult wave-based arena over a series of maps ranging from simple to intermediate levels of complexity.If you didn't hate that summary, read on.What I love about this game is that there are very few griefers.  In fact there are measures to allow a group of people to deal with that and bans get thrown around when people are being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥In terms of game quality, it's first rate.  The game looks great, it plays with a very solid frame rate, and it has very few bugs that I don't see people appreciate often enough.  Play a game for long enough, you'll find bugs, trust me.Balance.  Can we talk Balance?  Taking a lot of ideas from the first game, many of the same classes made their way back and the balance quality (I think) is very much still here.  It's rare to find a game this well balanced.  At the end of the day, whatever class you choose, you'll have to really bring it at the higher difficulties, and those high difficulties are required if you want to level your characters at a decent rate.  (The higher difficulty levels give xp modifiers).Enemies are designed with love and care and they crunch and explode satisfyingly.What don't I like?  After you level 2 or 3 characters, the game does begin to feel a bit repetitive.  You'll need to take little breaks here and there to get it to feel fresh again.  This isn't a knock on this particular game, all games feel repetitive after you grind for a while.The potential here, of course, is to offer more game modes.  At the moment there's just one:  Survival.  In the first killing floor they had mission based stuff, and I suspect those game modes are coming soon.As a counter point to my negative critisism, you should know that TRIPWIRE have ALWAYs been very good at supporting their games and offering FREE updates twice or three times a year.  If they continue in that vien, I know I'll be playing this for many years to come."
,Recommended,232090,29306351,Posted: 16 January,all,BigBear,"Killing Floor 2 destroys the first game by simply being better (in my opinion) with improved graphics and gameplay. This game is great in short burst at a time or if you have friends hell you will wast hours of time with this gem. The only downside i have is the shop system, tries to be like CSGO or you could buy the skins which i think are a little expensive for the price of the base game but you dont need them so it does not matter if you just like the gameplay so i say buy this game and kill some ZEDS...."
,Recommended,232090,30513858,Posted: 14 March,all,KKona 7,Boop
76561198033882861,Recommended,232090,26635366,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Tacobellman,Killing zeds and listening to heavy medal music what's not to like!
,Recommended,232090,27036361,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Robot with Human Hair,Fast paced and fun co-op zombie shooter. Great for playing with your friends.
,Recommended,232090,27062334,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,darth vaper,"When I would recruit friends to play the original Killing Floor with me, I would describe it as ""Left for Dead, but better."" It had the same engaging action, hilarious gore, and rewarding weapon mechanics, while adding a progression system and perks that allowed teammates to cater their play to their own style.Killing Floor 2 ups the ante on all the features that made its predecessor great. There are more perks, a revamped XP system, and thanks to the new unlockable perk skills, there are more ways than ever to play KF. It's a beautiful experience all the way through, with visually stunning and meticulously detailed new maps, redesigned weapon animations, and a cutting-edge gibbing system. Each kill is more rewarding, but more difficult too: the zeds now have the ability to protect themselves and respond to your attacks.By far the biggest con is that Killing Floor could run on a toaster plugged into a CRT television, but KF2 is much more demanding on your hardware, especially with all of Nvidia's built-in new high-end antialiasing and physics options turned on. Don't expect to be able to play this game on the computer your grandfather uses to look at pictures of warships.Killing Floor 2 has become the new perfect game to play when you want to kill time with your friends, but don't have the energy to focus on a competitive shooter, like Counter Strike, and don't want to get bored to death playing Civ for seven straight hours. All you need is a system with some brawn and an insatiable desire to emancipate Zed organs from Zed bodies."
,Recommended,232090,27387462,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jeffrey,"A beautifully crafted Zo-op FPS. Killing Floor 2 is a tasty blend of polished, exciting weapons with a simply diverse set of enemies to blow away into over 25 different pieces, garnished with an engaging RPG adventure. Whether you're getting in a quick match before bed, or having a little fun with your pro gaming league aim, this game is the most proper release for anyone with pent-up stress, who just needs to shoot it from an RPG to rip apart the hordes from their feeble bones."
76561198022321908,Recommended,232090,28280082,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,MatasGOD,4/5
76561197971598194,Recommended,232090,28513725,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Fallenangel700,"Better than the first game, and the first game was pretty damn good.Pros:+Shiny new graphics+Shiny new perks+Shiny new weapons+ShinySlimy new zeds with dangerous new moves+Shiny new maps+Shiny custom maps+Shiny new in-game UI+Shiny new music to murderize zeds too (Dunno if that counts as shiny...)+Shiny new cosmetics to unlock+Dev support for custom content so some of it gets offically added to the game. Mostly cosmetics.+No DLC weapons or characters (so far.) Only some bonus characters for owning other games. The Zweihander is the same way, but if one person in the lobby has it, everyone has it.+(Hopefully) free content like weapons, bosses and perks post launch. (Yep, they've added stuff, and more stuff is one the way.)Cons:-Joining a server with a custom map you don't already have downloaded can be problematic at times.-The menu for managing your cosmetics is clunky. Needs better sorting.-Micro-transactions in the form of loot crates. At the end of the match, you have a chance to get a cosmetic, a loot crate, or nothing. You have to pay money to get a key to unlock the loot crate, or it'll just sit in your inventory taking up space. Very annoying. You can sell them for 1 cent on the steam store if you're tired of looking at them."
,Recommended,232090,29032349,Posted: 5 January,all,vesslan,6 years later we get HD graphics and we still don’t get to kill floors.
76561198152269854,Recommended,232090,30376010,Posted: 7 March,all,O I N O N E N,Very good game
,Recommended,232090,30761748,Posted: 26 March,all,Porter,Feels like a mix of COD Zombies and Doom. Love it!
,Recommended,232090,27271823,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FantasyTiger86,"Pro's:  Great first person shooter dynamics , weekly developement, imporvements based on players concerns and suggestions, ADDED LOOT!, more customization options, Great Multi-player makes having a team a must at higher difficulties, smooth movement,  allows player created custom levels,Con's:  with only two modes (to date) it can get a bit repetitive, Customization seems very WANG sided only two female options both stereotypical -_- seriously.  ADDED loot opens up the opportunity for people to gouge in the market making it harder and expensive to obtain items you want.  release to console which may seem like it should be in the pro section but its really not a pro.  the time spent on this game could be divided with the system team meaning we could see delays in our content in order to simultaneously release with the console content or updates may slow -_-."
,Recommended,232090,27272640,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,EazyFoto,"Great post apocolyptic, wave-based, and slightly-RPG survival.Hint that there was a storyline they thought of, however poorly conveyed."
,Recommended,232090,27542231,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Boargoth,In short: Most solid zombie wave shooter ever!
,Recommended,232090,27567558,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Geferon,"Its very good to be honest.And the devs are really community friendly, they take all the advice from them and they hear the users ideas."
,Recommended,232090,28155741,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Chinchilla,"The game is fun and easy to learn, yet hard to master. I love the graphics and gore and the fact that my potato computer can handle it."
,Recommended,232090,28624699,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,EnderShadowDK,very cool game!
,Recommended,232090,28812286,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Kenez :),"Honestly, buy it"
76561198112690263,Recommended,232090,30655913,Posted: 21 March,all,Depressed Orango,"This game is very good but there are some flause as so classes have a variate of guns and but such as the medic has only 3 guns to pick which i find is not alot and makes the game feel abit repetitive with the same guns i would like it if they add more guns to more classes, to make it more fun, over all the game is very good and the fan base is not bad, im happy that the fan bace is not like lol, XD"
76561198086334390,Recommended,232090,25371420,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,whiteflame_117,"Holy Friggen Heck. This game is amazing. You can check your magazines?! and if theres no bullets you discard them. If there is -- he retains them. Very enjoable game, great sound animations blood. More weapons would be nice but its friggen dang good for 30 bucks"
76561198072680063,Recommended,232090,25849764,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Hölle muss warten,"I think the best part about Killing Floor 2 is that it feels like Killing Floor 1. When I first started playing this it felt totally different from KF1, but after about an hour or two, you really settle in and realize this game feels like KF1 with a huge update in graphics and quality. More variety and intensity while keeping the same, simple gameplay that made the first so incredible. If you liked KF1, absolutely positively buy this game. I give this a perfect 10 out of 10."
,Recommended,232090,26371675,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,KyuzoPlays,"Killing Spree as support level 0.This game is best played with your friends.Good graphics , Sound , freeze animation while headshot , difficulty levels are well thought out.Would love more maps and new monsters though.Do view my video for a feel of the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=McjVbJ_cTRI"
,Recommended,232090,26826858,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Btm......,1 of the few games from early access 2 come out thats actually good and enjoyable 2 play all around.+Great Levels+Amazing Music+Fantastic Co-op+Fantastic Graphics+Just good old fashioned Zed killing
76561198040079121,Recommended,232090,26894251,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Void Lord,If you played Killing  Floor 1 you will like 2.+ new engine  ( lighting is really good)+ more gore    ( no less then in alpha)and pretty much the same gameplay from before which is not bad.The guns feel pretty good and till now i have nothing negative
,Recommended,232090,26941181,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mrtomdabomb40,"Just bought the game a couple of days ago. I've watched many videos and read many comments on forums about this game over the last year. I've heard about all the negatives and positives and decided I'd buy it when it came out of ea. I've only put in about 10 hours so far, but I have to say, this is the most fun I've had in a co op game in a while. The graphics are awesome, gore is fantastic, and gameplay is superb. The soundtrack is crazy good too, especially if you're a metalhead (which I'm not). Each perk plays differently and definitely adds to the team based mentality. The Field Medic is my go to, and omg is it fun to heal and kill. The Berserker (which i haven't used myself yet) looks super fun to play, with his melee attacks looking especially gory. I've seen teammates cut zombies in half in slow motion...soooo awesome to watch. Like I said before, this is a team based co op game. This basically means if you try to lone wolf it, you won't be as successful. There is an option to play solo, but I don't know why you'd want to do that, this game is at its best with co op. Overall, very good, 22 bux was an amazing deal."
,Recommended,232090,26946026,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jericho,"I have an interesting feeling about this. This game has a lot to live up for since Killing Floor 1 was immensely perfect.-Bought the game while it was still in aphla or beta or whatever, First very rounds I played I was stuned. Its excatly like Killing Floor 1 with new characters and updated graphics. I really like the new characters, they all have their own voices and their all customizable. The zeds look really cool and the added 2 new clots are a cool addition to see on the floor. The weapons feel pretty powerful with a few classics in there.-Now for the perks....ughAfter number of updates, the player perks don't really feel that great juxtapose to KF1. An example would be to compare the level 6 Firebug from KF1 to the level 25 Firebug from KF2. The KF1 firebug would win effortlessly. The old bug was great crowd control, now it still is kinda good at crowd control but might need a little help.But some of the perks like the Gunslinger and Survivalist are almost completely useless at the higher difficulties. Simplely because some of perks out weigh them in damage or skills.-Now dont get me wrong, there is some strats that have to be played out to win smoothly which actually makes it fun. But a key-note would be that they dont really feel that powerful compared to KF1-A lot of the other reviews bash the game because of the Microtransactions. Yes, it really does give a ""We only want the money ♥♥♥♥ the players"" from the developers, especially since the game is like 50 bucks. Nevertheless, I dont think its a big deal, just dont buy the stupid keys for the crates. In the last blog post from TWI, they said they'll add the event zeds like in KF1; if those are free like before then cool. In addition to that, if that it where you must buy a certain crate to unlock certain event characters then theres a problem. Me myself, I hope its just like the last game, TWI adds a new character pack, it's about 3 dollars, buy it and enjoy some new characters to play with, with the addition of Xmas or halloween zeds. Just like old times.The game is nearing its full release, hopefully things get better and more players start to play the game. I enjoy it"
76561198042388674,Recommended,232090,27136083,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The16th_Lincoln,"This game is brilliant, me and my friends werent expecting much when we bought it together but this game outvalues most triple A games by a longshot. 12/10 would get mauled by a fat zombie again."
,Recommended,232090,27164925,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,C h a r l i e UwU,"Amped up, pumped, new classes, a game of slaughter, who doesn't like this?!?!?!10/10"
,Recommended,232090,27272997,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tm,"very fast and fluid gameplay. weapons are satisfying to use. lots of fun with friends. it's just very enjoyable to play. it's a bit shy on content still, but they will add more maps and weapons soon. the content that's there is a lot of fun, so i look forward to more!"
,Recommended,232090,27311244,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,QAYK,Difficult and requires strategy. LOVE IT! Highly recommend
76561198063304459,Recommended,232090,27311472,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kostroff,"It is one of my favourite game franchise. Severed limbs, seas of blood, perks фтв brutal guns, ... Groovy!P. S. And there is skins... as everywhere...10 flashpounds of 10"
,Recommended,232090,26201032,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Countdownshot,"This game makes painting modern art look like child's play when 90% of the time you're blasting enmies's body and blood onto walls. (10% is spent saying ""I need more money pls"" to your team mates)Seriously tho....on the fun/entertainment scale? Killing floor has it in spades, a spade that's shoved up a fleshpound's♥♥♥♥♥so deep you're gonna need AA12 shotgun to carve it out....oh wait you can do that too.(Flesh pound is a type of zed you fight in the game btw, you wanna know what it is well its exactly what it sounds like)9/10 will make modern art again.10/10 will carve♥♥♥♥♥♥out of zeds with shotguns again."
,Recommended,232090,26288736,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,THE GHO$T HUNTER 22,KF2 i dont know were to start but this game make me want to play it for the rest of my life the improvments in this game is sick as hell the gore is fantastic the gameplay mechanics is super awesome this game will never get old
76561198051422212,Recommended,232090,26574382,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,The Wambat,"This game has the fun of KF but with more visuals and better dynamics. The UI is friendlier too, making perk customization and server selection easy and pleasing. Of course the weapons have been scaled differently, which takes some getting used to, but the balance is good over all. At the heart of it I would say KF2 is easier than KF, but hot dang is it hard to get a headshot on some of the zeds now that they move so much and can sometimes block bullets."
76561197981147462,Recommended,232090,26823111,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tiku,"Pure mayhem. Just aim and shoot all the zombies. Thou if u wish to survive them all, you need just a litle team work. The music makes this game for me.. Since i dont like to get my own music ^^."
,Recommended,232090,26998196,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Slejer ॐ,"One of those games that youMUST OWN !!!1''Both barrel's for you, you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s ! ""-Insulting zed's since 2009.-Best co-op survival,11/10."
,Recommended,232090,27123520,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Boo,Cool game to play whit friends
76561198003805432,Recommended,232090,27263588,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Boats N' Hoes II,Blowing stuff up is so much fun.
76561198023504802,Recommended,232090,29442945,Posted: 23 January,all,WustenFuchs,9/10 Worth every cent!
76561198014449248,Recommended,232090,30632231,Posted: 20 March,all,Phibrizo,"Better than Killing Floor - If you like the same thing over and over like I do, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,232090,30689098,Posted: 23 March,all,prdr,A very good descendent of our beloved killing floor.
,Recommended,232090,30709276,Posted: 24 March,all,Not Sure,Yeah it's pretty good.
,Recommended,232090,31751787,Posted: 14 May,all,Microsoft Edge™,LOVE THIS GAME 69/69 But Stop Abusing Bloats
76561198104803152,Recommended,232090,26627654,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,GeorgeWashington,This game is very easy to get hooked on and it is only better with your friends!
76561198078808270,Recommended,232090,26678194,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Wrathful Nature (Crow),"It's Amazing in every aspect, The devs LOVE the community they are positive and hard working! the graphics are VERY well optimized and thought through. I don't usually leave reviews but man this game is worth every peny (if i may say so myself) I owned the original KF and the devs were STILL adding content after all this time! Tripwire is EXTREMELY devoted to their games and community all over! 10/10!"
,Recommended,232090,26907961,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mentix,I like to kill zombies.I really do.For real.
,Recommended,232090,27046433,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-au`Capt.Cambridg.,KF2 makes even hardened FPS veterans squeal with horrific delight. Get in to the bloodbath while it's still warm!
,Recommended,232090,28100040,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,I'm Batman,"I like Killing Floor 2, this is amazing cooperative game. Its always cool to survive together with friends) +++"
,Recommended,232090,28148642,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,dr cookie,"more of mcdonaldscomfort food, not fancy orin depth, but still good"
76561198058803832,Recommended,232090,28224414,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,RealEvilbob,"love the game, lots of fun to play"
76561198097039655,Recommended,232090,28911264,Posted: 1 January,all,Zero,Amazing game!!!!
76561197997824638,Recommended,232090,31691762,Posted: 11 May,all,valium,i launch this everyday for my daily asmr 11/10
,Recommended,232090,33767094,Posted: 24 July,all,Windows 10,"Got this game on a sale, and I wish I could pay full price for this game. I've had loads of fun times with my Girlfriend laughing our asses off at the deaths we have. This game is an 11/10 for me."
,Recommended,232090,33818128,Posted: 26 July,all,Extra ＴＨＩＣＣ,Clicking zombies has never been so satisfying.
,Recommended,232090,25388898,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Interfere,-Fun shooter-Well optimized-More gore for the gore god
,Recommended,232090,25395928,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Skywolf_PT,Very nice game !!!
,Recommended,232090,25862492,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,TheGameReviewer,"Killing Floor 2 is an excellent game and Tripwire has come a long way from the original Killing Floor. The graphics are extremely polished, the gameplay is more exciting and challenging than the original Killing Floor, and the devs are constantly updating the game. Reading the other reviews, alot of people are complaining about two main things: Update Progress and Microtransactions. I'd like to address both of these problems.1)Update ProgressFirst off, the devs DO update Killing Floor 2. Many people complain that the devs do not update on a frequent basis, however one must remember ""Quality over Quantity"". I would rather have a game be polished and have exciting gameplay and take a while to be released than have a game that was made rather quickly due to fans urging the devs to make the game ASAP. As Shigeru Miyamoto said,""A delayed game is eventually good, but a rushed game is forever bad.""2)MicrotransactionsKilling Floor 2 does indeed have microtransactions. However, theseDO NOTaffect gameplay whatsoever! Unlike the original Killing Floor, which had microtransactions/DLCs that had different weapons that had different mechanics than the weapons from the base game, Killing Floor 2's microtransactions only affect the gameCOSMETICALLY. It has no affect on the game whatsoever. No one is pushing the players to buy any microtransactions and nor are they missing out on anything.All in all, Killing Floor 2 is an amazing game. The gameplay is much more hardcore and intense than Killing Floor 1 (It's also MUCH more chaotic. Try playing with a full squad on Hell On Earth.), the music and sound effects enhance the gameplay, the graphics are amazing and the perks are much more balanced compared to the ones in Killing Floor 1. 10/10 would play again."
76561198037750239,Recommended,232090,26559317,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,cavemanmax,"""KF1 - Shooting Zed's in the head was never so much fun.""KF2 - Learning to Shooting Zed's in the head allover again... and still loving it."
76561197999816631,Recommended,232090,26572579,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,T0T4L Gridl0ck,"Good game, I was and am a big fan of kf1. Tripwire did a good job perfecting their baby. Better graphics, new zed animations, new zeds, and the perks seem more fleshed out. Everyone keeps complaining that early access is taking too long but meh, the game's almost out and they've been consistent with their updates thus far. All in all, I'd give it a 8/10."
,Recommended,232090,27271684,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FrankPie,"The game is great, had it for ages and played it for ages. I can't wait until the season events coming up."
,Recommended,232090,27611613,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,boofrey,Great co-op survival shooter!  Jump in and shoot all the bad guys.  The development team and community continue to add content so expect fun updates in the future!
,Recommended,232090,27918748,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,$2 chicken nuggets,Played during the Beta and found it much better than the original. Still needs work though.
76561198345131672,Recommended,232090,28294055,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,kiz95,good fun once you get the hang of it
,Recommended,232090,31230847,Posted: 18 April,all,SwagV7 (Fckin MEME LORD),you like shooting zombies?you like big guns?you like a smooth weapon animation?you like to get rekt by big zeds?you like to troll?then this game is for you 10/10best horde shooter out there
76561198061006099,Recommended,232090,34181775,Posted: 11 August,all,Ichkio,Black ops zombies but better.8/10 - gets boring real quick
,Recommended,232090,34594341,Posted: 29 August,all,,yeah
,Recommended,232090,35194247,Posted: 24 September,all,AReasonWhy,"If you liked the first Killing Floor, you will like this too, it comes with many improvements from the first one.The most important takeaway for me is that this game provides one of the most involved feeling of fighting. This was achieved by creating what is essentially 120FPS animations for guns and weaponswings so that once you go into ""zed time"" (slow mo), they will be going at crisp 60fps. Additionally, weapons work differently in different situations as it doesn't just come down to headshot/bodyshot difference. You can shoot legs to stumble, you can stun with specific weapons, melee weapons have different direction swings that for the most part actually influence how you will damage someone etc. This is also an FPS that I really recommend playing without crosshairs as it makes the from hip shooting feel more deserved, but also puts emphasis on down the sight shooting for many weapons.This gunplay and feel is unique and something that is heads and tail above most other FPS and to be honest, almost none come close to this feeling. The weapon variety provides many playstyles and unlike the first game, some of the classes do feel like you have to play a bit differently. With its combat, this game provides the most fun 3d enviroment dodging and fighting of mindless enemies which reminds me of dodging enemies in shmups or descent. Its just a blast to play.Sadly, this game isn't perfect. Two things hinder it.Its herritage to an old unreal mod is one of them. Its in essentia a storyless defend from waves of enemies whose (min)game whose design hasn't strayed far from that initial old mod. The grind is still present albeit a bit less tedious than in kf1. The simple enemy AI means that a good round completely depends on the maps design. This means that while there is some support for making your own maps and guns, player made maps tend to just be maps to grind experience on as making a good KF map means being able to make a map that funels the zombies in such a way that its not too hard or too easy. Funnily enough even a couple official maps tend to lean more towards the punishing side by making them too small and restrained. I am looking at you Farmhouse.The second issue is that somewhere halfway in development Tripwire lost its idea and goal for the game. Initially it was supposed to include more bosses and enemies, probably meant to be more variety. They added exactly one new enemy since launch, which is practically a stronger reskin with a couple new animations, and there's only two possible bosses.Tripwire also had the idea to pursue a versus mode, much akin to what L4D had, where one side of the players jumps into super versions of the zombies. It was a fun mode, but what made left for deads mode fun was the dynamic maps you run through allowing for ambushing spots and other tactics like isolating players. KF has much smaller and more arena like maps, which makes for a different feel. Also the special player zeds were rather overpowered in this mode, which lead to this mode just not being fun for many players and promptly getting abandoned in like 2 weeks after its appearance.So Tripwires next move was to create dynamic maps: maps that would change each wave. The map that came out of this experiment is very fun but Tripwire imidiatly abandoned this too and never made another map like this, instead opting to make arena like maps for its further two next patches, which simply had dynamic stuff happen in the background. I can only speculate that making the initial dynamic map, even without making new assets for it, just ended up costing too much development time.Additionally, leading up to the launch they were having problems nailing down the very last class, which was supposed to be a martial arts one. They decided it wasn't working out and dropped it, which is good, but they decided to replace it with a class that is a jack of all trades and uses everyone elses weapon. For most people this class will simply be useless and just another thing to grind xp for.Also abandoned was the share weapons through dlc thing that now just gives the claymore that everyone owns anyway.The weapons added since launch have mostly just been machine guns. Missing are the energy weapons (there was an energy weapon icon in early access) or anything more involving than just shot more bullets, the club and shield being the most inventive thing they came up with since launch.Now Tripwire is working on a VR version of this game instead of working on the base game. This all just seems to be aimless wandering, trying to figure out something for this game and they seem to not be able to find whatever they are looking for.This is all just a warning in that I feel they won't invest much further in the base game in the future, which is sad. Good news is that it has an alright enough playerbase/ population (which seems to be becoming a rather sinister problem for newer multiplayer games). The microtransactions are thankfully some of the least intrusive I've seen and work like csgo/tf2 crates but include exclusively only cosmetics, and the game being mostly dark and gritty the cosmetics are kind of rubbish to be honest (the incidental humour of kf1 is kind of lost in 2, they tried to bring back witty voiceacting and weird costumes but its just not the same).For the price of admission you get a rather good and most importantly unique feeling FPS game that provides adequat, easy to set up coop pve."
76561198331106848,Recommended,232090,25613873,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,cporte1812,An absolutly amazing zombie shooter. For being an early access game it plays incredible. I find my self getting into the combat and the music for they go seemlessly together.  All it needs are  some more bosses and weapons (coming post launch) then it would be 9/10 but until then it gets a still astonashing 8/10.
,Recommended,232090,26433609,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Don Glover,"TL;DR Should i buy this game? No not at full price get it on sale, Theres just not enough content for it to be worth $30Pros-Optimized pretty well-Fun to play-Has an FOV slider-Fully Customizable controls (includes mouse buttons)-Looks Nice-Workshop for custom maps-Has controller support for you weirdos out thereCons-Small updates tend to be huge 1GB-10GB or even more (this is due to the way the game was compiled, instead of replacing 3 or 4 files they have to replace a huge single file-30GB and only 12 maps? whats going on here? the download isnt compressed either so people with slow internet will have to download all 30GB-Takes a VERY long time to start up (Might be faster if you have an SSD, i have a HDD) If im lucky i only have to wait 4 minutes for it to start up-Early access and it has micro transactions/paid skins ect, I dont know whats up with devs trying to copy CSGO and TF2, oh wait i do, they want money, Its sad i know but atleast they dont give you stat boosts or some crazy sh!t. And the fact that this game isnt even finished and it has micro transactions is very bad.-The SWAT class is a joke, its more or less a copy paste of commando but less guns and a stun grenade."
76561198020945714,Recommended,232090,26874960,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vegetto,"+Gameplay+Soundtrack+Graphics+Blood of ZEDs stays whole game on ground/wall+Coop-Micro Transactions-More than 1 year in Early Access until releasedTo Sum up, a great and funny Coop Game. And a good successor to Killing Floor 1."
76561198079850146,Recommended,232090,26939199,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[Arroz] Atchim,"Just like Killing Floor 1, a game where you shoot zeds with guns that feel very satisfying to use.Updated graphics and some changes in the gameplay, some good, some not so good.At the end of the day, it is still a very fun and entertaining game to play."
,Recommended,232090,29403803,Posted: 21 January,all,evilzombie123,"This game is beautiful and the ultimate satisfaction for when you have a day off. I havent been this happy with a zombie shooter since Left 4 Dead came out. Play it and join me for some colaboration video sometime. If you are wondering what its like after you played the first game then its the same game, just prettier and more optimized and easy to use. Like the difference between Unreal Tournament 2004 and UT3 or L4D 1 and 2. They kept everything that works well and improved on stuff."
,Recommended,232090,30872940,Posted: 1 April,all,Sir OC Maymay,"kf2 is love, kf2 is life"
76561197972305336,Recommended,232090,31807056,Posted: 17 May,all,gergzerg,The gore is incredible! Awesome job from Tripwire
,Recommended,232090,16091938,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Wade,So good it hurts.
76561198077025018,Recommended,232090,16779675,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"I will be straight forward and say I never picked up the original Killing Floor. That being said, I have read a lot of information and watched videos pertaining to the game. Since I did not play however, I will not be comparing the two. The Killing Floor series is a multiplayer-based first-person shooter with emphasis on teamwork.Killing Floor 2 isbonkers.Absolutely bloodthirsty, malicious and overwhelmingly addicting.Do you like grotesque zed creatures?Check.Do you like killing them in hordes, wave after wave?Check.Bashing their brains in?Check.Blowing them to smithereens?Check.Getting experience points for kills to upgrade your character? Getting cash to buy guns and ammo to send them back to hell? Killing Mad Nazi Scientists?!?!CHECK, CHECK AND CHEEECK!Right now this game is in Early Access which is a public BETA allowing gamers to play the game at it's testing stage. They will be adding more and more content for free (and probably paid DLC later), if you want to have any impact on how this game shapes up then it is worth the early support. I have put a decent amount of hours into it and there aren't any game breaking bugs so far that I have encountered. The enemies, since there are so many of them wave after wave, sometimes act a little funny and glitch here and there. It is by no means unplayable and is a great fun to play with friends.Personal Rating for BETA: 9/10I hands-down-the-ground-over-and-over-until-they're-a-bloody-pulp recommend this game to fans of the multiplayer first-person shooter genre."
76561198028188806,Recommended,232090,16250654,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Namazake,"For those who like killing things, this is the game to play it's fun you get to go crazy and kill mosters with big weapons, and hope for any new weapons and classes?"
,Recommended,232090,15481406,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Clumsy Coyote,It's out.In its full glory.Pick your favourite metal band and hype it to 80% at least and shoot some zeds.Chill out with your friends. Amaze yourself with your killer's intent. Chop zeds up in slow-motion with  a katana.Do the things you did in the good old days. No delegation of people deserves this much criticism. Not TRIPWIRE. Not after they delivered us this masterpiece and are still working on additional content.
,Recommended,232090,15496809,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Bobby,Ripwire.
76561197981726235,Recommended,232090,33207229,Posted: 3 July,all,Luizferrarezzi,its even better than the first!
76561198051073196,Recommended,232090,15483866,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,GeneralSic,"Obviously, this game is FAR better than its predicessor. The graphics, alone, are fantastically amazing, AND IT'S ONLY THE EARLY ACCESS.Pros:- Being able to knock back grappling Zeds- Zed mode gives you the awesome feel it deserves- Qualifications for leveling up a Perk aren't bound by ALL qualifications (Example, you don't need a certain amount of welding on top of doing support [shotgun] damage)- Every interface is in big letters, and easy to navigate- Zeds, literally, come out of every single angle- Flesh Pounds and Scrakes destroy environments as they charge, and do damage- The animations for when Zeds are trying to break down a door are amazing; the zeds actually hit the door with their body to try and knock it down instead of always just hitting it with their fists- Permanent door breaks make it more difficult to survive in just one area- The SCREAMS of the Flesh Pound (MOST TERRIFYING) and Scrake (ALMOST AS TERRIFYING) give you a heart-pounding rush- Blood and Body parts carrying over to the next wave are an awesome feature- Lights go out if destroyed, making seeing much more difficult- Team work is ABSOLUTELY necessary; there's no way you can survive by doing your own thing as the waves progress- For the most part, it can be difficult to predict where, exactly, Zeds will come from, since there are so many areas of the map they're able to spawn from- Customizable characters (Hats, Face Equipment, Hair color, Clothing style)Cons:- Choosing player commentary is not nearly as enjoyable, nor is the commentary nearly as good as the First Killing Floor (barely any swearing, commentary isn't funny, and they don't say ""dosh"" as much)- Lag spikes (expected, though, with Early Access)- Once the map is complete, returning to the lobby seems to take forever, or is very laggy- Welding the doors, like in the first Killing Floor, you can pile up Zeds; therefore, this makes zed spawning stop if you have too many behind the door. This can make the game slow down a bit too muchConclusion: I 100% recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the first Killing Floor. For those of you who have NOT played Killing Floor before, you should at least take the opportunity to view in game footage, or buy the basic version of this game to try it out; you will not be disappointed by the purchase. This isn't just a ""zombie"" game; technically, these are not zombies at all."
,Recommended,232090,16378486,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,JinxMode,zombie killin = fun
,Recommended,232090,16783244,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Apothecary,"A good follow-up to the first game although I miss the self-gratification that comes with getting to level 6 in one's respective class. The game is also a lot more disorienting than it was before and some of the maps I just don't enjoy playing on because of their cramped layouts, but overall, still a good game to kill time and have fun."
76561198021950917,Recommended,232090,16624717,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,NitroG,This game is amazing. take everything you loved from the first game and make it better. The only problems I see are minor gripes that are going to be corrected in future patches. there isn't alot of weapons in the game yet. (about 4 per class) there is only one boss at the moment. There are only 4 levels at the time of this review (though I have to say they really put some time in on the existing levels. they are beautiful) Probably the only thing i've seen that doesn't really make me happy is the multiplayer system. If you just want to play with a couple friends it's unlikely it will be that way for long. I don't like having 6 players in a game. it just becomes chaos. so i should be able to do something about that...Without having to go to the trouble of setting up a dedicated server. all and all the problems are minor and I find myself coming back to this game again and again. so big thumbs up!
76561198062408502,Recommended,232090,18094483,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Vector,"I have bought a few Early Access games, I regret most of them but this game, oh god this game, I regret nothing. I didnt have the pleasure of playing this first one but I took a gamble and bought this one on a whim and it payed off."
76561197999323183,Recommended,232090,17874621,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,IyeNano,Kited a Nazi while beating him to death with a Zweihander.10/10
,Recommended,232090,18086524,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Jojo,"this game is actually pretty good, I'm not going to lie."
,Recommended,232090,17933699,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Xforce,"This game is just so amazing, if you love to see gore and blood, this is the game!"
76561198025934395,Recommended,232090,17957726,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Sephiraz. 🎧,"I am currently having so much fun in this game, the graphics.. the gameplay, and the Nvidia flex tech...Ever wonderd how it feels like to make your eyes get an 0rgasm? play this sh¡t!"
,Recommended,232090,18060746,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,SSAPILOT,"Same rules as the previous, better graphics, more fluid gameplay. Could be refined and optimized a bit."
,Recommended,232090,18261424,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Sinister Bathtub,"WARNING: long  reviewI own killing floor 1, didn't even know the game, its name, its developers, anything about it until a friend told me it even existed. Now instead of throwing you a biased opinion on why this game is great or why this game blows Im gonna throw you some facts. First of all. I love killing floor as a whole. Now for some facts about the game.If you dont like wave based horde modes with no story at all and no other reason to play it other than to survive then this game isn't for you. Imagine Gears of War gave you the little backstory about how everything went bad and people died and then the entire game was nothing but their horde mode. Well thats essentially killing floor minus the how everything went bad story unless you actually look into it. while I find this great some people might not. Some people need a story and a reason to play such as effecting how said story ends. this is not a game for those people.The gameplay is centered around (as of writing this) 6 perks, ive heard talk of adding more but as of now I don't know. these perks affect what weapons you do the most damage with an different effects of said perk specific wepaons. Any perk can use any weapon but to get your perk specific bonuses for a wepaon you have to be that perk. The guns have recoil, id say as close to realistic as they could be without it feeling like Arma. You shoot both barrels of that double barrel shotgun? you get pushed backwards. Fire that AK on full auto? You'll be shooting at clouds in no time. there are 11 different enemies right now all contributing something special towards your utter annihalation, such as chainsaws or sonic screams that stop explosions or being invisible to name a few. The enemies have the same amount of health throughout every difficulty level. The only thing that changes is the harder the difficulty the faster they are and the more of the moves they can do they will use. All in all this is a well put together game.If you like wave based survival games then this is what your looking for. Unless you like them to be easy to which i say get out of my review you damned baby."
,Recommended,232090,18086930,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,XIII:\ EGOIST,"An upgrade of the original Killing Floor? This time with more gore, new style and decent graphics? YES PLEASE.""Dosh! Grab it while you can lads""  *Insult Players*  ""Money, money, money~"" -KF1 character."
76561198075041599,Recommended,232090,17110406,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Uncle Grimbo,Killing Floor 2 is just like the first game only better in everyway. ~ (・∀・~)
,Recommended,232090,18275419,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Chambill,"After almost 300 hrs of gameplay, KF2 is starting to lose its shine.Considering I only spent 15$ for the 300 hrs, it's worth it and I'd personally recommend it.If you have KF1 and is enjoying it, I'd say KF2 is not really worth another buy except some visual upgrade. The core mechanism of the game is still the same--kill zeds, upgrade, getting better at killing zeds, kill zeds.The little loop above works suprisingly wonderful. So if you're new to KF series, I'd recommend KF2 instead of KF1.At the present state the game is still in developing and there is one more perk to be released.The perks right now in my opinion need more refinement. For example, Sharpshooter is underpowered--with the nature of low-speed shooting and perk skill requires it constantly having headshot within given time or losing stacks, what am I supposed to do? I can't even one-shot a scrake with railgun in normal mode. SWAT perk is overpowered, with its last perk skill giving unlimited ammo and fast shooting speed in zed-time. I don't even want to use gunslinger or commando again.Despite the perk balance problem, the other aspects of this game is pretty good. It has gread graphics and gore system, good music that matches the theme of the game, and interesting/funny voice acting for characters.However, the game is kinda dying right now. When it was first released, most of the servers were full of people. Now, not a lot of servers still have people playing.All in all, I'd still reccomend this game to prevent it from dying, so that I got a few more people to play with :)"
,Recommended,232090,15490260,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Lionhead,2hard5me ples
76561198100166911,Recommended,232090,18016681,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Ladder-Duck,"Its really good and fun to play with friends. The guns are cool, the zeds are scary and its pretty challenging. 9.5/10 needs more bosses."
76561198005875708,Not Recommended,232090,23659318,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Mac the Ripper,"The core of the game is fun, and it's oozing with potential, but Tripwire's glacial pace of updates and stunningly moronic design decisions over the past year have killed any interest I had in the game. While there is more content than there was a year ago, the actual gameplay is far worse, feeling more like a dull slog than a thrilling fight to survive.It's possible that they'll get their act together later, but their refusal to listen to feedback and apparent incompetence leave me with zero hope that things will change. Avoid this game for the foreseeable future.For those of you wanting more specific feedback on what is holding the game back right now:- Far too little ammo across the board, resulting in running dry even if you play near-perfectly. This was always somewhat of a problem, but they inexplicably decided to nerf the spawn rate and usefulness of findable ammo boxes.- The new resistances system, which does nothing but make enemies bullet sponges in a completely unintuitive manner. Nobody wanted this.- Terrible, terrible perk balance. Support and Demolition in particular are screwed, and Firebug has only been useful for Microwave gun abuse (spraying fire, like you'd expect it to be good at, is a waste of time and ammo). The worst part about this is that such issues could be fixed with easy number changes pushed out in test patches (it being EARLY ACCESS and all), but they instead tend to wait months for the ""big"" ""free content packs"" to even attempt that.- Teleporting enemies. Have a group of zeds on your tail? Good luck running from them, as they'll respawn before your very eyes at a chokepoint as you try to escape instead of actually chasing you. Also, small obstacles like tables or fences cause zeds to suddenly warp on top of them, making headshots with such obstacles around a fool's errand.- The addition of microtransaction loot crates adds insult to injury.- The parry system for blocking incoming attacks with your melee weapon started out a little clunky but useful and rewarding, but it has been nerfed into the ground via significantly reduced overall effectiveness, and making most of the attacks you'd want to parry UNPARRYABLE.- Sound design used to be great, but bizarre changes to it have made it just ok most of the time and distractingly bad at others. Previously, when a scrake would spawn, it would emit a bone-chilling roar over the current action. Now, it temporarily mutes the ambient metal soundtrack and other sounds before roaring at significantly reduced volume (and with bad timing too, resulting in a sizable duration of almost no sound at all). An abomination announcing its presence should NOT result in a net loss of noise."
76561198069131161,Recommended,232090,33328249,Posted: 6 July,all,deimos,"Before I played KF2:＼＼＼ ＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)＼ <　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ　＼/　　/　 ＼　＼ﾚ　ノ　　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　| 、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played KF2 :／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　 ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　　　　　　　　　｜ ｜/ ｜　　( ͡X ͜ʖ ͡X） ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーくー ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)it's like a killing floor they are fantastic"
,Recommended,232090,15479382,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,crunchywhale,Game is amazing so far. Runs Great. Its everything you want in a sequal to killing floor.If your having problems with the frame rate or the game running poorly you may need to add the game manually to your graphic card settings. This artical should be helpful.http://www.howtogeek.com/175281/how-to-force-graphics-options-in-pc-games-with-nvidia-amd-or-intel-graphics/Game ran horribly until I did this. Most likely its because its in early access.
,Recommended,232090,15486294,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Go! Go! Lapio-Pimo,Like the first Killing Floor but better 11/10-IGN
,Recommended,232090,17169588,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Sev5❂1,"Wow, for an Early Access title, it is fully playable! And the content keeps on coming!It has it's quirks but not that much!A very nice graphic upgrade, new mechanics, the new skill system works wonderfully well!!Best Early Access game I've tried!Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,232090,15645120,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,helo my names stupot,"Before I start this review; this game is currently in beta. Quite a lot of the features aren't here, and of course, there is going to be bugs. This means, the game you'll get - if you buy RIGHT now - will not be complete. Don't like it? Wait.So. At time of posting, I only have 17~ hours in the game, which isn't too much. But ALL of these hours have been in the past two-three days, and this review will be based on that.The good:- Graphics are absolutely beautiful, in a messed up kind of way. Everything looks grotesque as it should do. The levels are well designed, and the guns look awesome.- The persistent gore feature is amazing; when you kill an enemy all the blood and gorey bits stay, with the level getting SPLATTERED in blood as you go along. It turns the fighting areas into bloodbaths. Such a cool feature.- The levels are really well designed, with cool little features. Stuff like Sires will shatter lights, as will EMP grenades. Things will break, shafts and vents will open to allow more routes for Zeds and such. All are designed well with open and closed areas.- The gunplay, as always, is amazing. The kick, the power and the strength behind the guns is what you'd expect, and with zedtime (Slow-Mo) everything feels so good.- The new leveling system is great, gaining XP instead of doing a task is much more fun, and less of a grind. With different bonuses as you go, and tiered perks, it's much more of an incentive to level.The Bad:- Lack of classes (Right now - 6 more confirmed), so after you've played them to a certain point, you've got a feel of the game. Something I personally don't mind, but I can see how it can get stale.- 3 maps (as of current)- Quite a few issues with the game. (I'll list the bugs below, and any advice I have)- After playing for a while, you can get burnt out on it. (As with all games) and with lack of content, there's not much to draw you back, until an update.- Katanas are useless :'( RIPThe Ugly:- No Lodsofemone :(Bugs I've run into:Game refusing to boot AT ALL - Just loads and NOTHING comes up.Uninstall DirectX, go to the Killing Floor directory and reinstall the KF Direct XButtons not working on screen:Had to restart, no idea what caused it.Long Load Times, Game Refusing to Open after booting.Don't. Alt. Tab. Out. TRUST ME, on loading screens DO NOT tab out.Game not starting until EVERYONE has readied (Despite there being a starting timer)Nothing we can do.There's also a few ragdoll issues, but that's to be expected.Please, remember, this game is in BETA. You're paying for a game that isn't finished. Most of my issues are with lack of features, which is to be EXPECTED.I'd throughly recommend this game, even if you're not a fan of KF1. It's such a fun game, especially with friends.If the lack of content worries you, wait."
76561198067978140,Recommended,232090,18192594,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,AppleMauzer,"Game is a lot of fun. Gameplay is very solid, music is bad♥♥♥♥♥and fits the game well (love metal so that helps :]) and it runs well too. It has the best gun play I've ever experienced of all shooters I've played (most of the recent ones).Honestly this is Early Access done right imo. What Tripwire has here is a working, enjoyable, polished piece of game. Not some buggy, poorly optimised, barely running thing that might become a game some day.To me it feels like I'm playing a demo of a finished game. That's how solid it all feels. So far I have yet to experience any glitches, graphics related problem, server disconnects or other weird♥♥♥♥♥♥one might expect from an Early Access game.It just feels very polished and so it really feels as if I'm playing a demo of an already finished game. Definitely sticking with this game."
,Recommended,232090,15481200,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Tails' Cash Explosion,BLOOD
,Recommended,232090,15526806,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Captain Deadpool,If you loved Killing Floor then you wil love Killing Floor 2 plain and simple
76561198016368994,Recommended,232090,15519810,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Nothingface,"Did you like killing floor? If yes, than this game is more of the same, on steroids. While only an early access copy it feels amazingly polished. Better graphics, more gore & satisfying gunplay.It only has three maps as of this review, 4 perks, 2 mediocre new enemies (both variations of the clot), and 1 new (Quite fun and challengeing) boss. HOWEVER 10 perks are planned for release, more weapons more maps and quite exciteingly... more bosses!Should you buy it? As of right now it lacks content, however the core game is totally there, if you dont mind perk level wipes and waiting a bit for the upcomeing features. Its worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,232090,18017403,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,PWizard,As a kf1 veteran i see this game as a nice remaster though it kinda lacks in content like maps weapons characters and the MEAT system is still not fully implemented but hey i can split a 100 year old nazi in 1000 pieces with a shotgun.10/10 so far still waiting for those wacky weapons and events to be introduced
76561197995183269,Not Recommended,232090,17405506,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Randomletters,"Good Game, bad early access schedule. Buy it when it releases and not a second before.Edit: Labeling a patch to an Early Access that adds in two classes that were planned from the beginning as a ""Free Content Pack"" is incredibly misleading and greedy."
,Recommended,232090,15484320,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Endy,YES! Love this game. Nailed it
,Recommended,232090,15498686,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Kompakt,"Loads of gore (and money) Very good game (You don't get to kill floors though)I honestly don't say yes to early access games because they're usually buggy and the dev's don't care.  But this game has done Early access right. The game is polished, it's fun. And most importantly they will continue to add content. I loved Killing Floor 1 and when I saw this I was pumped!"
76561198014747680,Recommended,232090,15937301,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,FerX | Тобi Пiзда,"Early access, so things aren't working as they should, but still going to be a good game."
,Recommended,232090,32630238,Posted: 21 June,all,[Weed] Shelshocker,play kf1 pirate version alone... now play in kf2 with other people~ nice~
,Recommended,232090,15481196,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,skrrr skrrr,First time playing Killing Floor 2 and I thought it was just normal zombies. TURNS ♥♥♥♥ING OUT SOME WEIRD♥♥♥♥♥FAT GUY AND SPIDER LOOKING CREEPS COMING.10/10 IGNMLG
,Recommended,232090,15480780,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,[TSK]Bocephus,True to Killing Floor one while managing to improve in almost all areas. Definite buy.
,Recommended,232090,15490762,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Ghost Medic,"I've had so many dreams about the sequel to Killing Floor 1, so... many... wet...Anyway- None of those dreams came close to how perfectly I feel they executed KF2.Also, for all you other veteran medics out there: HEALING DARTS HAVE A LOCK-ON FEATURE! Never again will I have to burst a blood vessel over trying to hit ADHD'd survivors with darts."
,Recommended,232090,15975087,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Cool Guy,"Plus points: Very detailed maps, gunplay is even better than KF1, dedicated gore + persistent blood systems, zed animations are excellent, weapon animations are excellent, zed time is improved, zed behaviour changing with difficulty is fun and challenging, graphics hugely improved from KF1, characters now have individual voices with a bunch of various lines for different actions, customisable perks are fun and the soundtrack is great.Negative points: Current final boss is a joke when you know a certain strategy - not listing here as to not spoil any potential buyer. This being said, it was a very fun fight in the early stages of my experience playing KF2 and it serves as a practice in teamwork for new players if nothing else.Some bad perk allocation - all classes have a no-brainer set of perks that most people are going to take without any second thoughts:Field medic: Healing Surge, Armament (combatant on 1st wave), Lacerate (or regeneration, both perks are weak), Vaccination and Airborne AgentCommando: Call out, Large Mags, Tactical Reload, Autofire, Rapid Fire / Professional (both are good)Support: Supplier, Fortitude, Tactical Reload, Strength, BarrageBerserker: Perks are a mess, in my opinion. Only obvious choice is Fakeout.I don't really have a problem with this since I enjoy being powerful and using the perks given, but I feel like most people are going to choose these loadouts and the tailoring perks to playstyle will not play a big role like it was supposed to.Overall, my favourite game of the year so far. Looking forward to content updates. For anyone interested, there are new maps + perks + bosses + weapons in the works, with a new map coming pretty soon (this week, I think)"
76561198130351792,Recommended,232090,16467222,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Ya Boi,If you love blood and guts then this game is for you.
,Recommended,232090,15524379,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Nick Fuggin Wilde,"THIS is how you do Early Access. Guns, gore, and katanas, oh my!"
76561198088484564,Recommended,232090,15538886,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,thedonutboy,"There is no doubt that if you liked the first Killing Floor, you will love Killing Floor 2"
,Recommended,232090,15484890,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Deathecus,"*This will be updated throughout the development of early acccess*If you enjoyed Killing Floor 1, then this sequel is exactly what you're looking for. Essentially a much prettier/gorier version of the first.Barebones at the moment obviously, if you're okay with 3 maps and 4 classes and stat wipes buy it now, otherwise wait."
,Recommended,232090,15508752,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,OldWorld,"The first Early Access game I have ever played that actually feels polished and worthy of such a title. In-fact, the current quality already feels nearer to full release than 'Early Access' gives it credit for. The amount of work that has gone into the core systems is astonishing. The graphics, the lighting effects, the reflections, the blood/gore system, the animations (the weapons especially, 200fps mo-cap is euphoric), the wide selection of music, the immersive yet terrifying sound-effects, everything this game currently offers has surpassed my expectations. I'm not going to write a brick-wall of text, all I will say is that this game has gone into an almost unnecessary level of detail. The countless lines of voice-acting, the enhanced reload animations for higher-level characters, the environmental destruction, the hordes upon hordes of grotesque specimens whose sole desire it is to tear you to pieces, it is all top-notch. Being in early access, it is lacking in certain departments (character classes, weapon-choices, maps), but these are all things that Tripwire are obviously building upon as we speak. BUY THIS GAME! It is worth every penny."
76561198086133131,Recommended,232090,18428978,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Schrapnell,"Pick a class, buy some wepon, try to survive all waves! Final boss is a biitchh to taket down! Really challanging! + Cool maps!Ther is no deep story line... This is justpure gory awesomeness Shooter!"
,Recommended,232090,16743695,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,[RSS] Cmdr. Logan,"Even though this game is still in Early Access, it's pretty noticeable it's bound to achieve something great.As of today (June 2015), you can only count on four maps and about as many weapons for each perk, but the overall development is simply amazing. Dynamic, bugless for as long as I have played, well finished, spectacular textures and graphics, and the gore is also absolutely insane (and yes, I love it).There are only two downsides I'm pointing out:1) There's not much information on when the actual final release will be out, or how/if we will know whether it's actually final or if it'll just be constantly upgraded.2) The new crazy German scientist boss sucks. It's almost comic, not to mention his ability of holding you in midair while draining your life is a really, really, REALLY annoying feature. I like the concept that the boss doesn't give you any breathing room at all, but they've developed something that you just can't take seriously. Tripwire should've stuck with a revisited version of the Patriarch."
76561198140426050,Recommended,232090,16563940,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Amss1416,Everytime I close my Eyes I see Zed's everywhere.What did the game do to me? =D
76561198088781962,Recommended,232090,15598320,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,TGD,"If im honest i wasnt really that hyped up for this game, I played it for about 2-3 hours and started to enjoy it. The next day i came home from college and started playing it, but this time i wasnt playing it for 2-3 hours. I stayed up all night knowing i had college the next day. I was addicted. Addicted to the gore, music, killing. I have never been addicted to a EA game before. I can only think of one bad thing about this game..and that is..it takes over your life.10/10"
,Recommended,232090,15489665,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Bruxo KOSBRÓCSIL,"PRAISE THE GODS, THIS GAME IS MY LIFE NOW.I'M NOT SURE IF IS RAINING MONEY OR MUSHROOMS♥♥♥♥, THIS IS KF 2, BUY IT WITHOUT REGRETS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!one111!!!1111oneALL HAIL TRIPWIRE!!!"
76561197984529901,Recommended,232090,15499298,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,(FcosD) Doctor_Slam,"Keeping in mind this early access-Oh what the hell am I even saying. Even in its current state its more polished than fully released games. Tripwire's attention to detail is absurd. Every monster's face is fully expressive, every weapon is fully functional and every enviornment is so detailed to the most minute degree. This goes beyond graphical quality, which I personally couldn't give less a frak about to begin with. They've hand crafted every detail of this game to point of obsenity, not to wave a flashy light at you and go ""Oh look at how pretty we can make the game"", but to create an amazingly immersive experience. This game drowns you in itself. You feel every blast of your shotgun like God himself has slammed his fist on your target. When the ZED-Time pops right before you slice open a Gorefast, you see the look in their eyes that words cannot even describe. You'd have to be empathatically dead not to feel the intensity from the characters yelling out about the fleshpounds who just made stew of the idiots infront of them.All of this is what makes Killing Floor 2 what it is. God. Damned. Fun. This kind of wave based ""kill everything and don't die"" formula is just hard to do right for me. They're usually repetitive as hell, and Killing Floor by nature of what its genre is, but that doesn't matter. Bring some friends with you and I can promise that you'll be on the edge of your chair. KF2 hit the nail on the head with less than a third of the game actually unlocked.Wait... Tim didn't do the voices?      0/10 Never playing again, game sucks.   :P"
,Recommended,232090,15628498,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,EL PERRO NEGRO,this game is literally like having sex
,Recommended,232090,16785769,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Indian Summer,"Strip club simulator, where you throw dosh at each other.Oh, the killing is just a good extra feature."
76561198053277085,Recommended,232090,15487106,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Revert T Shirt,So ♥♥♥♥ing fun and looks amazing!
76561198012359884,Recommended,232090,15624577,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Tuxwuff,"Killing Floor 2 is a true successor to the already great Killing Floor.With the base game is being the exact same as the first one (waves of incoming enemies, going to the trader between waves, throwing dosh to teammates who were late from the party), but they actually made it even better.I won't go into full details, because I'd be here all night. Its a great game with great mechanics, cool weapons, and so.My only complaint is, that there are way too many dark maps. It doesn't make it scarier, but it makes it more frustrating having to use the flashlight/night vision so much.Still, a fun, and relaxing game after a hard day at work. If you liked the original mod, and the standalone KF, then you will love Killing Floor 2."
,Recommended,232090,15836210,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Autism Martini,"UR ALL FUR COAT NO KNICKERS' ♥♥♥♥♥ES.. Nah but after waiting a while for this game to come out, it is absolutely amazing. There's so much hype for this beautiful game; If you love killing specimen with a squad of 5 other people then you will have a blast. Unlike the old one, you will have a lot more ""classes""(perks) to choose from and they're all very unique and special in their own way. For the love of god get this game.."
,Recommended,232090,17833821,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Rexs183 [BLU],"This game. Hands down amazing. Simply each  game you play is never going to be the same. Picture killing floor, the first one now update the graphics to work with todays standards, add some new faster zombies, n' stuff. Thats killing floor 2.TW has out done themselfs with the AI pathing, and much more :)"
76561198046052145,Recommended,232090,17918683,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,SteelDragon45,"Good zombie killing fun. If you like killing zombies in a sort of Nazi zombie (but alot better) way, but with a lot more replay value, than this game is for you. Well worth the money you pay for it but if you must, you can wait for the price to drop and/or a Free to Play weekend to show up for it. When the game shows up for a Free to Play weekend, definately download it. You more than likely going to like or love the game.  You have your basic enemies, clots, gorefasts, crawlers and cyst's (as well as bloaters), they show up throughtout most (all if they are clots or gorefasts and the dificulty is normal) of the waves. There are a few different game times for this game as well, in terms of waves. The short as 4 waves (if I recall correctly), a medium 7 wave game and a 10 wave game plus each one has a boss wave (Currently only one boss at this point, but more will be added later). (Later on the game will have more game modes, as for right now all it has is the survival wave gamemode, which was all the first Killing Floor ever had.) All in all, the only real downside are a few bugs (due to this being an early access at the time of the review) and a slow development time not because of the dev team not doing anything, but because of the time and man power to make the stuff in the game (Like 50 days and 10 or 20 people for a character, around 250 and possibly 40 to 50 people on a map, ect), but the devs work on this game constantly, so it won't go dead."
,Recommended,232090,18358638,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Bluebomberimo,"Killing Floor 2 is everything you would want in a sequel, Taking every aspect of the original game and polishing it up from stunning visuals to the intense and satisfying gore system. Leveling up has been completley re-worked to make picking and choosing between perks much more open to all who want to play, replacing the enemy specific requirements with bonus exp for classes instead of them being mandatory.There is already enough content in the game to keeep you busy and tide you over until every new update and of course the eventual release, each stage being much more vast and interesting and of course some with heavy reliance on the new lighting system. Now when doors and lights are destroyed they remain unusable throughout the rest of the run keeping things fresh and interesting.Killing Floor was easilly my favorite steam game and as Killing Floor 2 makes it's way to it's release it will top my list without any issues, I already highly reccomend this game to fans of the original and newcomers alike. It is well worth the purchase and is a game you can keep coming back to with new goals and updates to keep you invested."
,Recommended,232090,15485718,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Haru,It's like a horror movie with guns.
76561198120321189,Recommended,232090,15620722,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,⎛⎝Hatsune Miku⎠⎞,"killing floor 2 is lot more better than killing floor 1.good animation,grapic,sound,rank system,and combat.(etc)worth every single dollar on it.and its still early access, lot more things can improve on this game."
76561198040482294,Recommended,232090,15626757,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,?,12/10. Early access and already more content than Evolve.
,Recommended,232090,15735501,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,[TTL] Lady From Hell,"Takes all the good from the first and made it better. Tripwire is probably my favorite dev team. Gamers who make games (and that like guns and know how guns really work). Currently my favorite game out there. and its still early access.-For those who trash the game for the micro-transactions... would you rather pay $60 for a base game and $50 for a season pass? Because by the time your ""season pass"" has come fully out, your game has passed and you have to dish out another $110+. At least the micro-transactions won't interupt your ability to play with friends, or limit your capability. If you don't want the skin/weapon pack, don't buy the pack... so stop giving bad reviews based on that alone!!!"
76561198092444616,Recommended,232090,17888344,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Dinguin Farster®,look at my profile picture. thats the face i make when playing this game.
,Recommended,232090,15484348,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,BurgrMeistr,"Enjoying this game so far, Hopefully we see some updates sooner than later for more content.Pros:Pretty much everythingCons:Not as silly as KF1"
,Recommended,232090,15512847,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Fweep,bloody hell
,Recommended,232090,15593559,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Sassy,"Well I'm going to start by saying I have been waiting a long time for this game and even in its state of EA(early access) it is one of the most fun, gory and just awesome games I have played ever. I played the first KF and that was brilliant. Although they have there differences, both KFs are amazing games. Now I realise it's EA but there are currently a few issues with some Zeds (Fleshpounds and Scrakes) but I'm sure that through this EA stage Tripwire (Whom I love) will get on top of it. Very excited for everything new to come with this brilliant game. Good going Tripwire."
,Recommended,232090,15682612,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Sirloin Steak,"I could parry....gigantic chainsaws,giant spiky metal fists,razer sharp long swords,absurdly intimidating clots,ferocious claw attacks,pointy rifle bayonets,but not fire...7.8/10"
76561197967391120,Not Recommended,232090,19850786,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Bromad,Killing Floor 1 but without all the humor. It got all serious all of a sudden.
76561198002528421,Not Recommended,232090,19647491,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Mr. Ape #I.TOLD.U.SO,Adds microtransactions to a game that is still in early access. Meanwhile content updates are few and far between. Don't waste your time with this game.
76561198058907047,Not Recommended,232090,19841399,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Apheli0n,"I feel ripped off, this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Overhyped in the trailers. Refunded after 1 hour.Just wait for Left 4 dead 3."
,Recommended,232090,20016853,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,✪|~vlιnĸz~|✪,KF and now this KF2. A totally upgraded version that's way much more cooler and everything's much more than I expect it to be and I do love playing this game but only when our group of friends decide to start killing everything in each mission.To be honest; I was hesitating to buy the game but in the end I regret for  hesitating whether to buy it or not.. Worth the money since money has to be used in a right way to kill the stress in you as well. This game is the best stress killing machine.
,Recommended,232090,15479587,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,African Space Jesus,i tried to join a game and it crashedlaunch successful in todays standard11/10~African Space JesusUPDATED::::::as of today killing floor 2 is one of the most anal gland tickling good times you can possibly haveget your gtx 980's ready and turn on your gibs and fluidsYOUR LORD HAS SPOKEN!
76561197991556180,Recommended,232090,26678001,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Cmdr_Invisible,not to bad time from time to spend some time by killing stuff :)
76561198095345002,Recommended,232090,18827939,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,•҉Rosy,"I hadn't played since the sharpshooter update and when I heard a few months later that TW was bringing KF2 to the light of day, I was slightly worried. The game really didn't seem finished. Game balance was still wonky, lack of diversity for classes, everything just felt unorganized.I recently picked the game back up, and holy cow, TW did a real good job at cleaning everything up! We got smoother animations, greater balance (tho Hans can still ♥♥♥♥ off), cool little player features, more guns, guns that qualify for more than one class, and even talking Scrakes and Fleshpounds!The game is phenominal, and I'm really impressed with how well TW was able to clean things up. All of the EA pessimists got showed up, that's for certain.Buy KF2, you won't regret it!"
76561197992526609,Recommended,232090,15666956,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Fallenglory,"Even though only 1 boss is out there yet, 3 maps and 4 classes. This game outshines his precessor in many ways. Killing zombies never felt so good in many ways, whether you unload your AA12 Shotgun on a Scrake or split a zed's skull open with Thor's hammer (yeah I mean the pulverizer), it's equally entertaining. If you liked KF1 you will like this better.Buy it now or regret it forever!"
76561198068645953,Recommended,232090,33762741,Posted: 24 July,all,WonderPants,"Can't kill the floor, but it's still fun"
76561198149262446,Recommended,232090,26192377,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Peter Mounsey,Awesome zombie round-based shooter that proves difficult in all the right ways! The dev team have really taken the communities feedback on board and made some great adjustments as well :)
,Recommended,232090,25696315,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Seserth,"Most fun i have had in a while. The perks and the upgrades was a bit confusing for me but i got the hang of it quick. The gore is awesome, the enemies look good, and overall the graphics look good."
,Recommended,232090,28537309,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Khalifa,It's hands down one of the best games i've ever played. You dont have to play KF 1 to know what KF2 is all about which is a big pluss. Everything this game has to offer is sick. 10/10 Worth it
,Recommended,232090,26423050,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,RATTLE ME BONES,gud
,Recommended,232090,31425826,Posted: 28 April,all,Dick-Joseph,solo good multiplayer bad
76561198047691873,Recommended,232090,25160299,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,WOGSTA100,Suprisingly better than KF one... Really fun with friends
,Recommended,232090,25391472,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,AussieTerrorist,"KF2 version 1042This game is finally in a state were I can recommend it to people, but I can only recommend it if you want to buy this game simply because it's still in early access. But this game has been having major improvements to everything in the game. And I now feel more confident with Tripwire because they're listening to the community, giving us polls on what should be prioritised and implemented and showing us what is in currently in developement.This game is quite fun still (It never wasn't fun in the first place), and now there is quite a bit of variety in the classes that you can choose from. There is only one class left to be implemented into the game. Only things that Killing Floor 2 still needs more of is maps and weapons.The maps that are there are good but more are needed becuase playing the same maps over and over again can get boring, but at least there are community maps which you can play. Only one and a half (One map has dynamic daytime cycle but turns to night very quickly) of the official maps are during the day and the rest are underground or at night time which can get boring after some time because the variety in day/night cycles.The weapons are fabulous and are some of the best models I have seen in games. They're an absolute 10/10. And because of how the weapons are designed and feel, they never get boring to use.Overall Tripwire is listening and communicated to the community, which gives me relief because they gave me concerns of their development process. The maps are good but lack in numbers and variety. The weapons feel absolutelt amazing and never get boring to use. There are 9 classes to use which gives you plenty of variety in playstyles, only one left to implment now!Buy this game ""ONLY IF"" you are interested in the game and considering to buy it. I would without a doubt recommend it to anyone, but this game is still in Early Access and there needs to be more in the game first."
76561198088836144,Recommended,232090,26067017,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Cazzles*,"Great fun for all the family. Blast those Zeds, burn those sirens.GG"
,Recommended,232090,27367662,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,coles shelf stackin skylines,10/10 funnest game on steam
,Recommended,232090,26991494,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pots,It's ok I guess
76561198117765053,Recommended,232090,30746735,Posted: 26 March,all,NotMyNigga,detailed animation and  blood flood thanks to nvidia flexWould be perfect if add campaign mode like l4d2
76561197966358311,Recommended,232090,28351021,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Ketamarine,"oh hells yes.Tight combat, great team-based gameplay and tons of chaotic zombie murdering mayhem.They animated this game in 240 fps just for the slow down zed-time effects... epic!"
,Recommended,232090,24949940,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Wolf Angelus,"Simply a fun zombie filled shooter with plenty of gore. A good amount of classes are playable as of this writing which each have their pros and cons. A good chunk of the maps are fun but it definitely needs more and some are quite a miss in terms of popularity. If your desire is to blast the brains out of wave after wave of zombies, this game fulfills those desires. I can't find any real negative things to point out beyond needing more maps, more bosses, and a gradual increase in class choices. The other component that I don't find so well done is the free loot drops. Unless you are planning to spend money to unlock them, they feel quite worthless and you will receive them pretty frequently. They are now on a 24 hour cooldown with a higher increase for skins which is nice but it would be nice to have the option to disable the boxes that require keys for those who most definitely will not be opening them.There isn't much to say in terms of positive comments beyond what is mentioned as the first few sentences summarized the game. Pick a map, pick a class (changeable between waves), kill zombies and live while buying better guns. It is a simple enough concept and very enjoyable. The additions of players being able to be zombies vs survival players is a good addition for some variation, granted I have not tried this mode.The devs are consistently working on adding to this game, granted it feels rather slow. Maps came out much faster for Killing Floor 1. At the moment we see a map or two every 3 to 4 months? Currently there are around 9 total so it can feel a bit repetitive when about 6 of those are good and the remainders missing the mark. As long as free updates continue, this game will continue to be something to incorporate to a regular lineup of games or relax with in the evenings, alone or with others.Personal experience score: 9.5/10Story: -/10 - N/A, you shoot zombies in a wave style matchSound: 10/10 - Lots of epic music. This really adds to the experience of just sitting down to listen to some quality metal music while blasting the brains out of zombiesGraphics: 9/10 - Great but not realistic, just keep that in mind. The FLEX component needs some optimization and it can stutter on occassion.Controls: 10/10 - Nothing wrong hereGame Length: 10/10 - Infinite playability. It will take about 300 hours to level all the classes as of this writing on hard difficulty."
,Recommended,232090,28932283,Posted: 2 January,all,zzilla8,Very fun! You'll feel like a badass!
,Recommended,232090,31690988,Posted: 11 May,all,Floki,Great
,Recommended,232090,26904236,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FISH KILL,"Killing Floor 2 is basically Killing Floor 1 but with way better graphics, more gore, an even better soundtrack, and with some sick animations for both guns and specimens, also there's a few extra specimens. Tons of fun to play whether it be with randoms or some of your best friends. Pick this game up immediately."
76561198148568466,Recommended,232090,30783029,Posted: 27 March,all,-DI- Sexy Snowman,Guts gore zombies explosives guns tons of replay value and heavy metal music. What else could you ask for Oh and free content.
76561198117649711,Recommended,232090,28755351,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ебаньй урод,Tripwire took everything that made the first Killing Floor great and made it 100 times better. More zeds to deal with. More weapons. More classes. More bosses. Badass soundtracks. An enjoyable co-op experience with a lot of potential
76561198271992684,Recommended,232090,29532223,Posted: 27 January,all,pepsiman,"Masterpiece. I had to reinstall the game once though. But besides that, the game was amazing. I played KF1 and I personally think this game is just as great. I've played for 3 hours so far and it's been really fun. The boss fights are just as intense as KF1's and just as great."
76561197977899761,Recommended,232090,25169598,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Nimryl,Probably one of the best if not thee best team wave survival games in the last decade. I'd give it 8/10..1 point reduction for clunky freedom of movement (never liked this even in the KF1) and another point for steam gifted microtransactions; Altho they don't give an advantage.. being gifted them gets annoying.
,Recommended,232090,25777636,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,jibbyj,good graphics good game play good optimisation tripwire keep making games
,Recommended,232090,28316264,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Cyberaggressor,"The prequel to Viscera Cleanup Detail is here and oh boy it's glorious... too bad microtransactions are LITERALLY Hitler!They killed my waifu, kidnapped my hamster and the worst of all, MTs gave me a choice to look fab fab~http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=802102806So fabulous~...I do miss mai waifu tho...Oh yeah, DO£H!"
76561198018869472,Recommended,232090,34118543,Posted: 8 August,all,✲IceNinjaCat✲,Im a pro on this game and im number one  killing floor :3
76561198114593594,Recommended,232090,34983689,Posted: 15 September,all,Black Steel,100% sure its false advertisingStill cant kill the floor
76561197966366805,Recommended,232090,30695347,Posted: 23 March,all,HyperLink,You dont have this game...What are you doing with your life?!
,Recommended,232090,16235403,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Logloxan,░░░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█ very game░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌ such awesome░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█▐█▐██▐░▄▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▐░░▄▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐█ much amazing█▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█▌█▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓█▓▓▓▐█ WoW
,Recommended,232090,17937426,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,nefarious cum mastermind,better than killing floor 1
,Recommended,232090,18179201,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,"Calamity Atom, Sniper at Large","I would say a whole story of this, but I'm just going to say that it's well worth the dosh!"
,Recommended,232090,15487988,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,»SoD« Luke,Do I really need to include anything here or it goes without saying?
,Recommended,232090,15510656,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,ЯAVEИ0US,Do you know what a dance floor is?Well this one is for killing!
,Recommended,232090,15543754,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Vapor Púbico,"im already adicted , cant wait for updates"
,Recommended,232090,15484373,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Jelly Jiggler,"Totally worth it, especially for $30."
76561198010604176,Recommended,232090,15494066,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Skullpel,"Just awsome! Awsome graphics, nicely done characters with stylish outfits and fitting attitudes. Lot's of gore......"
,Recommended,232090,15812628,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,pnutz,"in comparison to kf1, as of early access-smaller things (ie this won't go on the back of the box)-classes now have starting loadouts, so you're not disadvantaged on harder difficulties like in kf1 where if you haven't levelled your class enough you have to spawn without a good gunexisting classes aren't too bad, though we have yet to see if any of the high-damage-single-target classes (eg sharpshooter) are good like back in kf1levelling has been fixed, so you don't have those requirement problems and still have to weld 1213 dooahs or kill over 9000 stalkers to get to the next level.  Additionally, the bonuses have been changed from big incremental level bonuses to the gradual Red Orchestra couple-percent-per-level systembezerker has become less of ""crazy melee powerhouse"" and more ""crazy close range weaponry"".  gets the nailgun and a buzzsaw launcher to play around with (though those blades have a habit of bouncing out of the map and becoming irrecoverable, and at 20 dosh a pop this can be a money drain fastbig things-MOAR GORE --> the zeds have a bunch more detailed gib skeletons than the 4-limbs-and-a-head dismemberment from kf1.  You will see zeds shuffling after you missing half of their face, or in the case of the siren being literally a bloody skull screaming atyou.Loads more customisation for the characters, including gas masks, jackets etc.  Expect this to be packed to the rafters with DLC clothing in the coming months/years, People can already see a promotional DOSH jacket for mr foster in game.DOSH PHYSICS.  You heard me, the things now bounce around and stack up everywhere.  The current boss (a nazi scientist last seen in RO2 and now wearing a weaponised life support system) even makes comments if you throw around enough before the fight."
,Recommended,232090,16464599,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,KasumiMogi,If u like killing floor and left 4 dead then you might like this.Play with your friends more fun.This game is awesome with powerful boss XD
,Recommended,232090,17485545,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Lord Cucumber,"For early access this game is already really good. As with the first Killing Floor, it's all about the multiplayer cooperative experience. Surviving wave after wave it becomes increasingly difficult to stand your ground as a group, leading to the awesome chaos one would expect from a title like this: Buckets of blood everywhere and the occasional puke/acid/fire/screaming/chainsaw attack by the more powerful foes.I made a nice video with fellow YouTuber Agrippa Maxentius that showcases the game in its current state (August '15), have a look if you are curious how the game runs, but beware of the goriness:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hMgVPOXEIGw"
76561198011508181,Recommended,232090,15865031,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Kabosky,"Tripwire has done it again!They didn't change much except added a graphic uplift, lots of gore, and the ability to sprint. I might be missing some other features that's completely new to the game, but as far as I can see, those are what caught my attention and I'm loving it!Killing Floor is a great game with a bunch of friends trying to survive wave after wave, but it's also fun teaming up with random players also as long as they're not jackasses.I know it's early access and it'll be buggy as for how I can kick a garbage bag up 10 feet in the air just by walking over it, but this game isn't broken at all and I have yet to have any server issues. So kudos to not releasing an early access game that does nothing but crashes!"
76561198076082040,Not Recommended,232090,23828513,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Etherium,"I really love this game, I enjoy it very much, I Believe this game should have more zeds. For a short time, I getting bored, and I think the gameplay should be faster, I mean the speed of characters and zeds more frenetical. But this time I don't recommend this game, the Tripwire had their time to improve and make greatest updates, but they didn't."
,Recommended,232090,16015238,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Nyshade,"Do you like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself because a big guy with two meat-pouding drill-arm-things spawned behind you? This is your game.11/10, would have a heart attack again"
,Recommended,232090,15494799,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,lemons,"This game is amazing! Nuff said.This game is basically not finished, BUT the game acts like it is ready to be released tomorrow.As what I've seen the game is not buggy nor have game breaking glitches.If you have played the first game. You will LOVE this game, and do not listen to the people who is saying, ""OH this game ain't finished hurr durr, and this do not worth $30."" This game right here is more finished than most AAA titles.Its so good. If you don't have this game man...you doing something wrong!I cannot wait until TWI adds the new perks, weapons, and maps.10/10 frfr"
,Recommended,232090,17886367,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Sprite,"Early Access game, but for Early Access it feels like a complete game. Still some minor bugs, but Killing Floor 2 offers a great challenge to Co-op FPS players. Zeds are much more menacing and threatening to the players, and the final boss is NOT friendly.KF2 is very custom friendly, and has a great community to play with. Easy to use servers, and a great perk leveling system."
,Recommended,232090,15482212,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,dolan,Best game I've ever played.
,Recommended,232090,15481365,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Mhillow,"less content than the first one, but it is more polished."
76561197972402830,Not Recommended,232090,20100752,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Autistic Screech,"Worth $10. I paid $30. They haven't released the game, very few weapons, mediocre and they already want to charge for add ons. .... I would re sell this if it were possible."
,Recommended,232090,19891162,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Andrew | CSGO500,Very good game.
76561197996067268,Recommended,232090,16446836,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Towelie,"If it ain't broke, don't fix it.Killing Floor 2 can be summed up as more of the same, but better. And that's not a bad thing.The new combat mechanics are nice. Being a melee Berserk feels more authentic now in way to you can determine the way your blade swings with the WASD keys.Being that this is Early Access, not all the pieces are in place yet. I do feel the end boss needs a little more work. He is utterly relentless on all levels of difficulty. The old end boss in KF1 was more about hit and run while this one feels more like an endurance test. I preferred the old style.Overall Highly recommended to KF1 fans"
,Recommended,232090,16537646,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,PhobosMkII,It's honestly quite simple. Did you/do you enjoy Killing Floor?If yes: You will enjoy this game.If no: You might not enjoy this game.Nothing huge has changed really. It's still the same team based cooperative shooter experience where you and five other chumps stack up on dosh to buy bigger boomsticks to kill off increasingly horrific waves of Zeds. Frantically paced gorey action at its finest.
,Recommended,232090,16541607,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Cobra,"As i tremble in the snow blood surrounds me, this i know is the killing floor we love.Nonstop action and some of the best animations for zeds, your squad, guns and many more.The blood and gore is just satisfying enough. 10/10 would buy instantly for the low price of 30.00$.It's in early access which i still think it's good in early access, and the music just pumps your blood to kill all zeds while you are running from the terrifying fleshpounds and scrakes."
,Recommended,232090,16540331,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SPACE☣CASE,"It has guns,...and like zombies and stuff.Then I guess you kill them or something..and they might be naked?And then sometimes you're doing Matrix stuff maybe.Oh, and you can be a Priest I think...pew pew pew."
,Recommended,232090,16584904,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Miiller,"First of all, I have to say that I mostly hate Early Access games. Most developers just use an early release to get away with bugs and game issues, despite selling the game and hence being a full competitor to other games. That is incredibly stupid and the sad part is, in most cases the community falls for it and starts bringing up ""it is just a Beta"" excuses when people complain about the game, even though being a Beta doesn't change anything about it being bad and complains are fully justified.In this game it is different though. It is nearly Bug free and in the current stage it does well all by itself and is fully worth the release, even though it is early for it. It is currently lacking content and may become boring after some time, but it has a lot of potential to extend that time with every content patch.Weapons are fun to shootThis could have been a dealbreaker for the game, as Killing Floor is all about the pure action and blowing away Zombies in a cool fashion, but KF2 does not disappoint here. Most weapons get the feeling right to the player and the gunplay is really well done including the sounds, especially in combination with the slow motion.Teamwork is crucialIf you are thinking ""Meh just another co-op shooter where everybody plays for himself"" you are wrong here. Playing and sticking with the team is important if you want to survive until the very end. Zombies can be approached tactically for more efficient killing and the only way to handle the last difficulty is with a well coordinated and well rounded team.Lacking versatilityEven though the game is fun to play if you are seeking an action packed session, as I already mentioned it can become quite monotone after some time once you leveled up to 25 (which can take a bit) and figured out how to play properly. The reason for this is the lack of content (weapons, maps and game modes in particular) due to the early release. This may or may not change depending on the developmers.Development is slowThis is my main critic point concerning the early access release. It has been exactly two months up to this point and we have only seen 1 content patch and the only thing that update really added is a small gimmick for collectors and a map, which wasn't too impressive.Those are the 4 main points you have to know at the current stage, if you are wondering if you should add this game to your collection.Overallso far the game looks promising and I would recommend the game if you are into action packed co-op games, but you may want to wait until the game has more content, before you invest into it."
,Recommended,232090,16688053,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,To The Mars,"Early Access Review!!Pros:- Very much Blood and Gore- Difficulty is even on normal fairly hard- Performance is very good- Server Browser!- Soundtracks are so amazing <3- Boss difficulty is pretty damn high and it´s challenging!- Many different custom maps + they are fairly big- 6 Man coop with ur friends *.*- 5 customizable characters- Characters seem balanced ( i´m only level 5 tho. So i´m not sure about the end game stuff)Cons:- Sometimes trying to connect to a server could take forever...- Only 4 original maps ( obviously not including all the custom maps)- Getting grabbed by a Clost is very annoying, cause the game turns the camera around that you´re facing him and its easy to get confused this way. I´ts even more annoying if you´re reloading at that time.....- Only 4 playable Classes at the moment ( Berserker, Commando, Support and Field Medic)- Each of them only has 5 perks.Well, overall i would recommend Killing Floor 2.It´s so much fun playing some Sessions with your friends :)"
76561198007823378,Recommended,232090,26682792,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,FapDaddy,10/10 would throw dosh again
,Recommended,232090,34338165,Posted: 18 August,all,Horo,"""Save your tears, I want blood!"""
76561198013064054,Not Recommended,232090,19673956,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Chap Chappington,"You are literally locked to 2 difficulties in this game. Normal and Hard. This is because the devs thought it was a swell idea to make it virtually impossible to level up unless you go on one of those farming maps.Due to this, 95% of servers with Suicidal or Hell On Earth difficulty will instantly kick or ban you if you dont have a level higher than 15 or 20. Which forms a conundrum as you need to play the higher difficulties to gain more XP to level up your character, would you rather play on Normal where a clot gives you 5xp or Hell On Earth when he gives you 20?Also the devs took 7 months to update the game once, which makes me feel hopeless for this game as each perk has around 3-4 weapons to choose from, which adds little variety to a game where you shoot the same exact enemies on the same exact wave with the same exact weapons.ADDITIONAL:Zeds have abilities catered to the difficulty they're on, so if you want to play the full game you are forced to grind up to the higher levels to stand a chance in a server with that difficulty or players."
76561198002766899,Not Recommended,232090,19659873,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Akenzx732,A boring lackluster grind to no where. Its just not fun. And on top of  that microtransactions on an early release game??? What??? youre not milking me for money tripwire im gone. For good.
76561198116750603,Recommended,232090,25664114,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,randybuttnubs,Killing Bore 2 makes me want to bore a hole into a boar. Tin/Ten
,Recommended,232090,25408021,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,W12A1TH,"I play a lot of different games.  Most of them I get into and drop after playing for 4-5 days.  This is the one game that I continuously go back to.  I've played KF1 since release, and KF2 brings me the greatest joy you can only achieve through mowing down zeds in the most gruesome ways possible.I'm excited for the full release of this game, and hope for the special events to make a return to the game (like the Christmas and Halloween zed events).Pros:-Gory.  So very, very gory.-9 different perk classes, with a 10th and final being released in November-Difficulty scale much larger than KF1.  The scale in KF1 just involved faster movement, more hp, more damage, etc from zeds at higher difficulties, but Suicidal and HoE in KF2 also have alpha zeds and different animations for zeds along with those buffs.-In conjunction with the last point, difficulty at higher levels require teamwork.  If you're the kind of person who runs off and does his own thing apart from the group, you probably won't last long in a HoE 6 man game.-Community maps.  Currently the game has 11 maps, and TWI releases more every so often, but if those get stale you can play maps made by the community.-TWI I believe is a great studio in my opinion.  I've heard contrary statements from other players, but from what I've seen in KF1, the constantly release new content and updates for free regularly, and I hope they continue this practice in KF2.Cons:-If you're playing this in early access, perks and zeds get buffed/nerfed every update, but that comes with the territory of EA.-Player vs Zed pvp mode needs some definite balancing.  I've played a handful of matches and it seems the odds are strongly stacked in favor of zeds.  The only game I saw players win was when the person playing Patriarch was awful.-Not necessarily on the con list, but microtransactions and a weaponskin/costume drop system are in this game.  I don't consider it a con, because it is purely cosmetic and you don't have to buy or farm any of the items, but I've seen other people complain."
76561198012153244,Recommended,232090,26687690,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Cupcake,"Epic First-Person Shooter Co-op with plenty of weapons and classes to love! (and more to come!) If you are one for round based survival, teamwork, guns and blowing things up, pick this game up! Tripwire goes back to the basics and aims to build a game that immerses you into a frantic bloodbath while keeping things streamlined and simple. With Nvidia's Flex technology, giblet shredding and bloodshed make this game a memorable experience every time you play. Unlike other games where you increase in difficulty means more health and damage for enemies, Killing Floor 2 amps things up by changing monster dynamics, like enemy dodging and blocking shots, adding a fresh new playthrough every time on harder difficulties. This game also packs one of the greatest modding communities in the gaming world and they continue to make the game even more better than it already is.10/10 from me people, pick this game up now and get into the action!"
76561197981029629,Recommended,232090,24967937,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,✪ Adderal+Snus=GOD,I dont know what all the fuzz is about the game being♥♥♥♥♥♥and soo on?Im now buying it after a long wait for full release.Ive tryied it couple of hours on shared account and i truly felt what i did in the beggining when KF1 was new.Its an amazing feeling when you go into the game and see that your lvl 0 and top fragging against lvl 25s.Highly recommended for new and old KF1 fans
,Recommended,232090,25231595,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Nightcodex✅,"This is my first official review of a game i absolutely love, it is by far my favorite game i have ever played in both steam library and of other games.The game feels amazingly good and interactive gameplay in a horror coated shooter survival game.Ive been playing killing floor since the alpha release of Kf1 .this game has by far the best shooter horror survival genre of all zombie shooters out there its literally blackops zombies 2.0++Here are my good points and bad points of the game:Pros:- Amazing details graphics and gun designs its like Battlefield 1 gun designs are already in kf2- good balanced action- addictive because who would not kill some zeds- Variety of perks- Content rich (you wont get bored with the content in this game)Cons:- Few bosses (yet)- too much cosmetic wannabe csgo case opening content, I know they are trying to get more money by it but as far as for me its nothing but a shame they put so much effort into cosmetics instead of game progress- One big minus i find is that tripwire does not support custom servers fully enough , sure there are some mod creators for kf2 custom servers with op servers but i think tripwire should work on that aswell it would be so good , but on the other hand im sure they will never do that because it might make the real kf2 (the standard online play) go dead and empty.TL;DRIf you like zombie shooter games, this is the best you can get and worth every penny. play with friends standard online , once u get bored go and find custom servers in the Server browser sectionReccommendations: (play standard online first) if it gets bored find some custom servers likehttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/osgkf2Other custom servers are rather boring because it is to Overpowered too crowded and less rewarding."
,Recommended,232090,28270759,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,NovaGenetic's,"Plays a melee driven character, out tanks all other perk/classes. Not mention, does just about everything.May as well nickname myself ZerkerNova, because Bezerker is the best damn class.(If you're not playing this game already, get it. It's madness and it's butcher friendly bloodbath is the best out of any other gorefestive games I've ever played. Get it. Play it. Take a shower. Get more blood on you. Repeat.)"
76561197975105544,Recommended,232090,25229142,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,KanoConnor,"I have been a PC gamer for around 15 years and have experienced some really amazing moments in that time. Although this is true, I have rarely gone back to those games as much as I have Killing Floor 2. Not only does it look and sound incredible, but it is also the one thing that a game should be above everything, FUN. I have owned this game since its conception and it has had its ups and downs whilst in beta, but I can finally say that it is polished enough to be considered a ""full game"" even though I think that a campain (which is absent) would send this game into legendary status. If you love horde based games and dont mind obscene amounts of blood and gore, Killing floor 2 was made for you. A+++P.S the title implies that you can kill floors...you cant ;)"
,Recommended,232090,27225833,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,E-Grillz,Is that a free steam badge all covered in blood and guts I hear in the distance?
,Recommended,232090,17711749,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,ContainedBiohazard,"A great game that follows in the footsteps of its predecessor, and improves on it in almost every way."
,Recommended,232090,15501898,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Greenb0ne,Every Steam account should have this game.
,Recommended,232090,16214902,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,cartman91,"What's not to love, killing waves of zombies with some slow mo action after a nicely executed head shot... This is basically the only game I play on Steam now, even Dying Light is getting a rest to make way for this... Brilliant game can't wait to see what comes in the future will also be purchasing this on PS4 when it gets released!"
,Recommended,232090,16225104,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,LuDMiLaReSTia,"shut up and take my heart and money!!!!!!!i think kf frist it a superrio and fullaction zombie online  it make satisfy to kill any very waapon to use it advantages it frist kfbut i will wait kf2 be absorbed in  and team develop game not disappoint they make  kf2  perfect game zombie multieplayerlittle disadvantages  ,Now  weapon have little and kanata fix it low damage not same katana in kf  BUT it importanim trust in team develop they can make a ultimate game againlast thank develop team >.<"
76561197995854304,Recommended,232090,17817932,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Yawning soldier,"I enjoy this game immensely.Enemies offer a challenge, guns feel satisfying  and effective + every perk (except for demo atm) feels different and more or less effective.Complaints:- The boss enemy, Hans Volter, hits insanely hard at the moment. And unless you're a Medic or Berserker, there isn't much you can do to keep him from killing you.- Demolitionist feels underwhelming before level 25, and after that he can butcher anything. Poor balance if you ask me.There you have my thoughts and complaints. Overall I recommend the game even if it stayed in it's current form. I feel I've already gotten 28€ worth.Now couple notes aimed at other reviews:Reviewers are complaining about cross-game promotion with Chivalry, and weapon it gives you. What they keep leaving out is that if anyone on server owns chivalry, everyone gets to buy and use the sword. And given that Chivalry is constantly on sale for 2,6€... Well, 90% of time you have access to the said weapon.People also complained a lot about slow updates, saying that they would be totally fine with getting bugged/unbalanced content, this is EA after all. And after the update came in form of beta test within EA-title, to ensure people would still have stable and bug-free option, they were outraged. AND when they found out that beta phase of EA has some balance changes and issues, they were outraged.I just can't understand what it would take to please these people."
,Recommended,232090,20959767,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Soundwave,"Great game, even better if you have right teamBrilliant graphic and soundBlood and guts everywhere, love itGame for real psychos"
,Not Recommended,232090,23662436,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,mbg,Good game?
,Recommended,232090,22209196,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Dramatiqa,"I love this game! Bad thing is that it is still in Early Access, and the Microtransactions.Also, drop of rare items is low... Can't wait to see new updates and Perks/Weapons/Maps/Achievments.Overall, I recommend this game."
,Recommended,232090,17928737,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Hiru,"This game is the upgraded version of killing floor in all the senses, its still not finished, but that something to espect from an early acces game, and even being early acces its way better than other games in early acces.Most people complaining about the game being unbalanced are probably ignorants that tried this game in the freeweekend, went with level 0 on all perks to dificulties above hard, and lost game after game because they cannot understand how the game works.This game does not have many maps or weapons or bosses, because its still in EARLY ACCES and so far all that has been added is great so far, i do not mind the time they take to update or do the full release, as long as they keep doing this good work."
,Recommended,232090,26683189,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SWiFT!,"A game finally used the ""Early Access"" feature properly & followed all the rules. Not money hungry ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s (Tripwire) and listened to the community. No bullsh!t DLCs & brilliantly optimized.The game follows a new and improved Killing Floor, which graphically captures the eyes of hungry zed killers.Well done Tripwire, you deserve GOTY."
76561198096449685,Recommended,232090,16606061,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,misterksg,"played it just little bit, seems ok"
,Recommended,232090,15497795,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,gette,You can run backwards. 10/10
,Recommended,232090,15514441,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Tales From The Dark Side,"YES!More of what i wanted in a FPS and it does it so well and may be the best next to Survarium for me, why you say??? cause it is simple, just a man or woman and their gun, no gizmos no gadgets or any other silly thing that takes away from good ol gun combat, COD series went dead after 4 for me and these games bring it back home.Pros+ Fun, fun, fun gun play+ Super sick graphics and atmosphere+ sound track will rock your socks off+ customisable charecters+ Hard Boss fightsCons- You haven't bought it yet."
,Recommended,232090,15527600,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,M.i.Q,"A1 bootys, A1 bootys everywhere!!!"
,Not Recommended,232090,19622109,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Lizard King,Ordered game with a bunch of promised content. Still waiting on a ton. Not even as much content as the original and they're already releasing microtransactions. Don't waste your time. There are plenty of other better games in the genre (or play the original).
,Not Recommended,232090,19645452,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,b boy crusty dog 360,Some of the worst prioritization ive ever seen. Microtransactions for the beta before they add a key class from the original.
,Recommended,232090,25562869,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Dog,halp my laptop cant handle the framesUPDATE: i spent $1000+ building a new comp so i could play this game woooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!! NOOT NOOT
,Recommended,232090,31725980,Posted: 13 May,all,W4st1ngT1m3,It's a must have for fans of the first one.Worth every dosh.
76561198157665735,Recommended,232090,25226644,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Sinon,"Allow me to be straight forward with this review.Graphics - 10/10Gameplay - 10/10Cooperation from Team - 9/10Friends - No, you live a sad and lonely life. (Yes, you can make some of your greatest friends on this game.)Content - 100/10Wait, did I just add another 0 to the 10? Well, whatever. It belongs there."
76561198219500783,Recommended,232090,25598027,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,bluefieldstar,"This game has been to me one of the best so far, the gore speaks for it self. But even more then gore people at tripwire have been making it more interesting every update, they actually listen to us when theres a bug and get to it fast, another thing i loved is the way the AI has been more efficient than the first time playing it. I hope they keep up the awesome work, im still looking up too see what theyll come up with next."
,Recommended,232090,18896297,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,S.Jones,"This Review is for the current state of the gameTL:DR Rating: 9/10Pros:- Loads of content- Retuxtured and new weapons- New anamations- New charcters and customization- Friendly Player Base- Stable Game, no crashing or black screens- Brand new Maps- Perks are being added every so few updates- STACKING OF THE DOSHCons:- Playing alone does get boring with no human interaction.- No human trader :'(Conclusion:At a glance the game is just a zombie like wave slaughter house. It's much more than that.Compared to the first Killing Floor, Killing Floor 2 is going to surpass it by a long shot. From my first time playing on a free weekened in Sept. I knew I had to tell people about this game. From 6 perks to choose from that favors many play styles to loads of different weapons. How can you go wrong? The current maps that are out as of right now are actually  well detailed despite the game being in early access. With loads of usermade maps as well as the level of content that users are making Killing Floor 2 already has loads of content. A huge topic I'd love to dicuss is the player base. The player base as of now is amazing. From the servers I've played on, people are actually giving tips to new players without being spitefull. It's almost amazing that a gaming community is actually this nice. The weapons have a major update as well. From brand new weapon anamations, to actually getting blood off melee weapons, and brand new updated textures. One downside to me is no more human trader. );"
,Recommended,232090,24215550,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Terris,Pretty fun game 8/10
,Recommended,232090,22292703,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Sigve,"There are a minority of this community that really wants content ASAP. And when they don't feel like the devs delivers, they write a negative review and compare it to Killing Floor 1. Killing Floor 1 didn't get updates any faster than KF2 is getting.If you are considering this game, buy it. And then force your friends to buy it. This game is amazing. The slowmo kills are better than ever. Do you know how rewarding it feels shooting a zed (zombie) with a shotgun and litterally watch him split into six different pieces and his blood will splatter all over the floor? No? Then you should buy this game.The community is also amazing. It's helpful, they don't mind that you're a noob, they will help and most of them are more than willing to talk too. Of course if you join as a perk level 1 with five hours on the game on the hardest difficulty, you will probably be kicked - but if you join a lobby and asks for tips and tricks, people will help out.This is the only game that I've joined some random game, started talking with random people and then 15 mins later sitting on teamspeak with them and chatting and talking for hours.Sure there's a cash shop with crates. But hey, heres an intresting thing some players don't understand. You don't like crates? DONT BUY THEM. You get cosmetics out of them. Nothing that gives you an edge in any scenario. I don't see the problem with that at all. The devs gets some extra cash - that extra money will be used to keep this game alive, make more content, etc.TL;DR: If you want it, you should buy it."
,Recommended,232090,15926599,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Isaac Clarke,"Massive improvement in graphics, new zed time function as known as bullet time and new rock and roll soundtracks, new reason to party / rock and roll hard in Killing Floor 2!! Excuse me while I go kill some more zedsEdit: After for some time, it is finally out of early access, and they have added a new perk which i considered to be fancy enough, the ""survivalist perk"" contains all the other previous perk skills. This is a perfect choice for those who can't make up their minds."
76561197991075754,Not Recommended,232090,22576799,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,IronMonkey,"Message to KF2 Devs regarding microtransactions and all the lies they made prior to release........................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\....Never buying Tripwire games ever again."
,Recommended,232090,22339458,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Mayford Bay,"One of the best games, I've ever played. I did play more than 300 hours in the first part, which were....kinda...old, I guess, but it was with friends & it was much funnier than L4D/L4D2. In that case, I really waited for continuous of this awesome game and now here it is. If you have 1+ friend who want to play against creepy zeds, this game is just for you, for sure, this price is okay for the gameplay. Have fun!"
,Recommended,232090,17899302,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Whiskeybits,"Killing Floor is simple. Things try to kill you, you kill them first, get money, use that money to buy better means of killing them before they kill you. It's a whole lot of killing. The first game absolutely nailed the concept, it was addictive and fun albeit low budget and rough around the edges. Killing Floor 2 is a good sequel in that it doesn't mess with the formula already proven to work by the first game, instead improving upon it.Killing Floor 2 offers a lot more customisation than the first game ever did. From the get-go you get a handful of characters, each with their own unique set of dialogue and view models within the game. Unlike the first game which had three or four voice actors, each one has their own voice this time around and will say contextual dialogue too. A big issue I find however is that ""Insult players"" and ""Thank You"" are missing from the dialogue lists, even directional dialogue like ""Get outside"", ""Get Upstairs"", etc are missing and it proves to be problematic if you're playing with mutes or if you don't want to waste precious seconds typing. We're told there are going to be 10 perks, so far there are six, and each one is well designed. Progression is no longer an unbarebale grind like the first game, you get upgrades every level and perk specific improvements every 5 levels. The earlier improvements feel like filler to be honest, but later ones prove especially useful. Having almost 70 hours in game and having dumped a fair amount into each perk, with commando being a main, I can say that each one feels like it deserves its own playstyle which is exactly what is needed. To anyone saying that Scrakes and FPs have no real counter with Sharpshooter, perhaps learning to parry as Berserker or learning to effectively deal damage as a Commando or Firebug would show you otherwise.The gameplay has been perfected. They're still balancing and reworking hitboxes, damage values, HP values, all that, but as far as gunplay goes it's wonderful. Each weapon feels heavy and has a kick to it, the reaction of the enemies to being gored is a fun sight. Melee has been updated recently and it feels great, directional attacks can lead to some great defensive combos that could give a team a few seconds to recouperate and makes the berserker feel like a much more worthwhile class. A big part of the game is its emphasis on gore. You can literally paint a room from ceiling to floor in blood and it'll stay there for the duration of the game with no gameplay hinderance. Watching limbs and organs fly across the room is also quite satisfying. Similarly the graphics overall are quite nice. Sterile medical rooms shine with bright colours from strong textures and lighting complements this very nicely, which by the way is destructable and can lead to some mischief and fun on already darker maps like Catacombs where flashlights/nightvision become essential.I do have issues with the game however. First off, this game is repetitive just like the game before it. If you didn't like the first game you wont like this, the appeal is entirely in the progression of unlocking faster reloads, better weapon stats and being able to tackle harder difficulties (which is where the real fun of Killing Floor 2 is because enemy tactics completely change and the game becomes infinitely more tense). Secondly, Tripwire are slow as hell when it comes to updating. It took three months for any significant update to be made, and while it add a lot it shouldn't have taken so long considering how much they boasted about showing how Early Access can be done right. The game's arsenal is still rather small, as is the map count, which fortunately is constantly growing thanks to the modders but official maps are slow to release. If this concerns you in the slightest you should wait for the game to be officially released or give it until the next update. Another issue I have is that so much information which is important is not readily available within game. The game makes no effort to inform players of enemy weakness and resistances which are important since very few players know that each Zed type actually has them. The game makes no effort to inform of any detailed weapon statistics, it gives the basics and shows by how much of a percentage your damage increases each level but ignores the raw stats. The Wikipedia is the only source for this kind of information.If you liked the first game you'll like this."
76561198002559169,Not Recommended,232090,19253812,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Noga,"I once enjoyed this game. I spent many happy hours playing it, enjoying its exceptional initial quality. Now I realize what the plan was. Make the game seem good at release, get as many people as possible to purchase it based on aforementioned initial quality, then milk those customers for all they are worth, running away with the money and leaving an unfinished scam of a game. This game is not worth your time, it is not worth your money. This should have been obvious after how long it took them to add nothing more than two (broken) classes and three maps. They knew what they were doing. I am disgusted."
76561198118484137,Recommended,232090,15560161,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Geralt of kekistan,"Get killing floor 1 add better graphics,guns,more zeds, more dosh, in short its a zombie apocolypse directed by michal bay."
,Recommended,232090,18242294,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Aro2220,"A lot like Killing Floor 1, except with better graphics. The game currently has 6 classes and I heard that by release they expect there to be 10 classes.It's a 6 player co-op against a bunch of enemies. It's kind of like Left 4 Dead, except in L4D you move through a level whereas KF2 you just hole up somewhere and try to survive to the end. There's also a bit of a resource management minigame with getting dosh (money) and buying better weapons and armor as the round progresses. I think they need more expensive stuff because I've always got everything maxed out well before the end.It's a fun little coop game to play with your friends. You can level up as well so it's got that whole grind to it which helps its replayability.All in all, it's worth buying even at full price."
,Recommended,232090,15483865,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Nikki,Everything like Killing Floor except better!P.S. Berserker Lyfe~
76561198011971245,Not Recommended,232090,19256230,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Ironside,"Classice early access bait and switch. Extremly reptitive with no overall objective, now they're releasing microtransations after almost no content in 8 months."
76561198114009419,Not Recommended,232090,19256323,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,King of Rootbeer,"I enjoy(ed) this game quite a bit. The gunplay is fantastic, graphics are pretty, and overall its a good waveshooter.Now, that aside, you shouldn't buy this game. The fact that Tripwire STILL hasn't added half the content they said they would, they put time aside to make microtransaction skins for their game which, while they say doesn't have any affect on gameplay, doesn't take away from the fact that they decided to work on stuff that isn't even essential to the core game (which is pretty much as barebones as you can get right now) when it has been SEVEN MONTHS and TWO updates. Overall, i am extremely disapointed in Tripwire, and i personally won't pe playing this game for a very long time (or never) until they decide to finish their game before adding optional stuff.One last thing, why do they call the content updates ""free""? I already paid for the (early access)game, and by extension I already bought these maps, im just waiting for them. Stop sugar coating updates, TW."
76561198103502515,Not Recommended,232090,19544281,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,trippinondrugs,Your business pactices makes god cry
,Not Recommended,232090,19253938,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Datastream,Base game is good. But updates are too slow (last one 8 months ago) and now there is microtransactions with in the future more pay to win stuff. Like the zweihander already is.Don't buy this.
,Not Recommended,232090,19255666,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Jurting,"Devs are adding a CS:GO style drop and crate system while using weird wording and big pictures to trick people to think like they will only use it for cosmetics, while they actually practically doesn't promise anything at all and are 'considering' weapon micro transactions.I can't recommend a game while the developers are practically lying about their monetization"
76561198021757575,Recommended,232090,15783572,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Incipit Satan,Really Love The Game So Much Fun!!Didnt Get To Play Too Much Of The First One..But Cant Wait Till They Add More To Do In This Game!!And I Really Love The Heavy Metal Music In The Back Round..I Would Love Too Know What Type Of Drum Machine Software There..Using IT SOUNDS VERY TIGHT!!!!!!Sould have Abbath or Immortal In This!!!!!!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfx82m_xJe0
76561198370383453,Recommended,232090,30703936,Posted: 24 March,all,RokoParagon,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198057752567,Not Recommended,232090,23642310,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,NeoMandalore,No damage resistance with level up.No reason to play any difficulty over normal when zeds don't ♥♥♥♥ing die when you shoot them in the face.Edit:  Still no difficulty for casual players who don't want to die becaue they haven't devoted their lives to this game.Edit 2017-06-21: Casual player?  ♥♥♥♥ you!
,Recommended,232090,16120427,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Merishya292⛧Sleeping,"Killing Floor 2... The sequel to my favorite horror arena shooter ever! It's got guns, guns, dosh and ehm... guns. The story (if it ever came clear to you) continues where it left off in Paris, emerging from the underground, where our squad of freelance exterminators hunted the Patriarch all the way from the London Underground.From KF1: Improved visuals, re-improved gameplay, improved soundtrack. all in all, really f*kkin good game!Options to turn off the Camera-snap on grab together with showing welder back in inventory definitely made it more KF1-like again, but I love it, since these 2 things are essential for my own playstyle both as Support and SWAT. I can weld/unweld doors faster and I don't waste ammo in the opposite direction when I go full auto on a bigger zed.TL;DR: KF2 is a great game and is close enough to KF1 to be accepted as a sequel, whatever people may argue. -This review is subject to change before and at release of early access."
,Not Recommended,232090,23780021,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,SpaceCatFace,"KF1 was epic.KF2 simply doesn't have the chemistry that made the predecessor the best coop game I ever played.I spent 1000+ hours in KF1, I have played 25 hours of KF2 and there's nothing about it that makes me want to come back."
76561198007770445,Not Recommended,232090,24409081,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,MAX SPEED,Good -> okay -> fusrating -> trashbin
76561198027095800,Not Recommended,232090,23301674,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,muggsy205,"The game is unnessarily difficult even on ""Normal.""  I wouldn't suggest picking this one up."
,Recommended,232090,16542643,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,DoomGuy,Iz gud
,Not Recommended,232090,19251901,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Gliv Gluv,Introduced microtransactions before actually finishing the game...
,Recommended,232090,15488976,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Kira the Rage Demon,"Please take my money tripwire :Di will spend the next years with this game <3Hope we get new weapons soon, and new maps...and new archievements :P10/10Ps. please never cut this game!!"
,Recommended,232090,15762776,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Weed Wizard,"As a fan of the Killing Floor series, this is my favourite one yet. It has spectacular graphics, great weapons, it's focused on teamwork rather than yourself, and new zombies. It also has one of the best character lines, especially Mr. Fosters' lines.""The Fostinator wins round one!"" is an example.As with every game, this game has it's negatives. It has a lot of bugs (but it's in early access, I'll cut Tripwire some slack), the screen shaking while firing annoyance, and how it Solo mode might be impossible. I hope Tripwire balances this game out and adds new content.Overall, I recommend this game. It's fun and addictive. Keep rocking on, Yoshiro, Ramm-Jaeger and the Tripwire team."
,Not Recommended,232090,19254081,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,sarc,Microtransactions and paid dlc plans before the perks are even done. Updates are very slow and a shoddy tf2/csgo loot skin system is not at all what I hoped to get from this game. So far cosmetic but they already said that weapons would be 'side grades.' Just like the flare guns are sidegrades? Would avoid for now
,Not Recommended,232090,19642016,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Zeph,"Its a good game in general, but if your playing by yourself unless you enjoy mindlessly killing things with no avial to actually doing much other than level classes. its not actually that fun, even if you play with friends in the end its just mindlessly killing things. (Which I guess is really all KFC2 is about anyways)Currently for some god awful reason, games now decide its okay to use the excuse that without microtransactions of 2.50$ its not ♥♥♥♥ing possible to keep a game alive, still at least they didn't shove down 100 ♥♥♥♥ing DLC 5$ each beforehand.Tried finding a server with randoms that actually are level'd up too at 2 ♥♥♥♥ing digits, not possible, I feel as they're should be at least a goddamn level restriction to not have that one ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who decides to level up a Lv. 0 class on Hell On Earth or Sucide, Hard maybe. Match making options are really bad, if you try and find a server yourself while checking out filters on what you want, it just doesn't work ( for me at the least). Gets upset because forced to play with less than 2 digit level people and die within round 4. Quits game because really sick of that and prays whenever I decide to play again I get a good group. ( Sorta like CS:GO in this aspect but they put people who are actually close to your skill Lvl. instead of deciding to match up with people who aren't level'd.Classes did I mention how ♥♥♥♥ed up the fact that they don't bother to balence out the classes at the least a bit I mean come on.Quite frankly I don't think its worth a buy, its more of just worth a try and never play again, hopefully this won't turn into a certain game with initials of PD2 and straight up plummets to WWKF2."
,Not Recommended,232090,19256355,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Flymoth,"Don't, just don't even ♥♥♥♥ing think in buying this piece of steaming dog♥♥♥♥♥♥It didn't even got out of ♥♥♥♥ing early access and it will have a cash grab cosmetic shop with ♥♥♥♥ING CRATES!!♥♥♥♥ tripwire, ♥♥♥♥ steam, ♥♥♥♥ sjw, ♥♥♥♥ every ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that support these kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥in video games."
,Not Recommended,232090,19467925,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Dai Tou Zai,"I'd love to love this game but with no real objectives and slow gameplay it gets too boring for me after half a match, get CODWAW instead for custom nazi zombies you'll have a way better time."
,Not Recommended,232090,23662783,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Sauceborn,"Makes a discussion about how Mexicans keep kicking me.Insults them by calling them taco-eating Mexicans.Someone calls me a burger-eating redneck.I get perma banned from KF2 forums.""Someone"" doesn't get banned.10/10 would moderate again"
,Not Recommended,232090,24044072,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Toxie Cookie,"10/10 motion sickness making the game unplayable for more than half an hour at a time, sluggish gameplay despite the apparent speed of the zeds, nothing is as good as it was in KF1, literally nothing... I regret those good old times playing Killing Floor and actually enjoying the game. Now Everyone's moved to that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ joke of a sequel that doesn't have neither the charm nor the gameplay fundamentals of the original."
,Recommended,232090,26687811,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Error.,It's still lacking content at the moment. More modes and maybe bots would be great.
76561197977122407,Not Recommended,232090,27980440,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nitrosys,"Not able to join online servers, not able to create game with friends. Looks like a good game but got some serious online issues!"
,Recommended,232090,25186050,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,вιgвangreχ,"Killing Floor 2 has gone through an Early Access hell, it was done very poorly, thankfully a while after the Gunslinger was added, Tripwire finally got their act together and made this game the amazing gory HD Sequel that it was meant to be.ProsPerks!All the original perks have returned along with some new ones to help wipe out the Zed hordes! These include the SWAT, the Gunslinger and an upcoming perk! It was originally called the Martial artist, sadly it has been scrapped and being reworked to a new perk, what will it be? We will find out soon.The XP System!The original KF1 XP system was horrid, Sharpshooters and Berserkers got a huge advantage since you started with a pistol which gives XP to the Sharpshooter perk, while the knife gave Berserkers XP, and no other perk started with their own weapon until level 5 which can take ages to reach, plus some perks required you to do objectives to earn XP, like Commandos had to kill stalkers in the thousands ontop of doing a ton of damage to level up.In KF2 there's none of that, you do get bonus XP for doing certain things like healing, but thankfully everyone starts with a perk weapon, the knife and pistol are Perk Neutral, and gaining XP from kills is the main way to level up.The Zeds!All of them are back and they look awesome! They all look scary and hearing a Fleshpound/Scrake spawn sends shivers in my back, and seeing them makes me run for the hills even faster then in KF1. The best normal looking Zed for me is the Husk, in the original they looked alright, but here they glow, and blast you with flames violently to get a kill! We also get 3 new Zeds, two of them are variants of the Clot. The third is a boss who I won't spoil for anyone c: Plus we are getting another boss soon, meaning we will have 3!The Guns!Ever since I bought this game back on it's EA Release Day, I was amazed by the guns, they look amazing, they sound brilliant and they feel real. People say CS:GO's guns are good, but that statement is crushed by KF2's guns, they are just soooooo good!At it's core, it's a sexier KF1!And that's the best bit, while some new mechanics like sprinting and melee bashing are introduced, it feels like I'm playing KF1 again, but in sexy HD along with some badass guns! Tripwire kept it safe and didn't change the gameplay too much, so old fans will hop in KF2 quite easily!Lots of small details!From every class having a unique knife, to playing with your weapons by pressing the reload key, to the Zeds locked up in pens and messing around, the fires burning a broken Eiffel Tower, this game has a lot of small details!Quite a few free items you can get!From doing the training course, drop system, and doing certain achievements, you can get yourself a nice inventory quite shortly, just don't expect to get super rare stuff from buying nothing.ConsLacking some content KF1 hasThis is understandable since KF1 has been out longer, but right now KF1 has more weapons and event themed Zeds, which this game will hopefully get as time passes.A lot of missing characters from the old gameWhile we do have a nice cast of characters, a lot of them from the old game are missing, so if you enjoyed playing as the Steampunk Characters or D.A.R or the Chikenator, then you’re gonna be sad, they might return though.The British Charm is goneKF2 takes place all over Europe instead of just being confined to the UK, so all the British Charm and voicelines are gone from the first game, thankfully if you own KF1, you get 2 Classic characters who have the infamous voicelines we all know and love!At least Ash Harding is gone, that stupid ♥♥♥♥♥ makes me want to rip my ears off from her horrible voice.MicrotransactionsThey are kinda shoved in your face with the crates/usbs, at least none of them so far are tied to an event/update, unlike a certain F2P Cartoony based FPS where pretty much in every update you gotta pay to take part in 90% of the event/update.At least the weapon skins and cosmetics fit the game too... unlike that F2P Cartoony based FPS game. (Sorry but I'm still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at that game)Well anyhow they aren't that bad, and you don't need to buy anything to get good at the game.OverallIt took a long time to get this game on it's feet, but finally it's the sequel the original deserved.If you enjoyed KF1, horde based shooters, or just shooting in general, Killing Floor 2 is a must buy."
,Not Recommended,232090,19252144,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,G.C._madGin,"A paid early access game now with microtransactions! Game is not even complete (still missing perks and maps, and the updates have been VERY slow), but let's get this garbage in here to start nickel and diming our users. Steam needs to adjust their refund policy to cover things that get added in like this. If it did, I would have gotten mine already >:("
,Recommended,232090,15499552,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,þøħ€,"Holy reincarnation of my favorite game.Zeds are all freaks.Bloody ♥♥♥♥♥♥s.The only thing yet to come is Linux support, and that's just about it10/10BUY BUY BUY!"
76561198028502542,Not Recommended,232090,20461714,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,강남 Dudette,"I cannot complain about implanting microtransaction since I’m making good money with CS GO items and buying new games from profit. Already I made some good money too with KF2 buying items low and selling high. I never buy crates or keys because it’s total scam.What I’m talking about gameplay itself.Compare to Counter Strike GO / Left 4 Dead. This game has VERY awkward movement when running (feel slow) it is really annoying to see other players running, they are running but they move so little, the running doesn't look like real life, it looks like slow motion. They should fix this awkward running and make running as a default movement.This kind of game you really don’t need to walk. You just getting tired of pressing shift key for running. Because most of time you need to run, not walk.Graphics are very annoying to eyes (feel tired, especially when weapon zooms in/out). I never get this sensation playing CS GO, not matter how many hours I play.But KF2, yes just 30 mins playing can't play anymore. It makes me strange feeling that makes me vomit.If you are CS GO player, you may have the same problems."
76561198009782895,Not Recommended,232090,19254564,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,GabberDoesLinux,Still no Linux version...Edit 2015-11-24: But now with MTs ! Great!
,Recommended,232090,20532048,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Gunslinger1127,"This game even tho is still in early access has more bosses and perks and also new features added, The music is great like in the original one. The visuals are awesome and runs great for me. Cant wait for it to be completed!"
76561198037910515,Recommended,232090,20672353,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Cpt. Diomedes,Takes everything KF1 stood for and made it better.
76561198062744845,Not Recommended,232090,19545199,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Ivan Ivanovich Ivanovsky,"microtransactions?bye killing floor 2, going back to kf1..."
,Not Recommended,232090,23633544,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,IceWizard,Fun game but they added micro transactions so I can't honestly recommend it to anyone.
,Not Recommended,232090,19522548,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all, Sido Olavich ,"micro transactions while still Earl Access with non-stat altering skins for guns, and they say they ""might release game changing skins"" in future...Micro Transactions = ♥♥♥♥ you.0/10.Note to tripwire, the DLC should'v been enough for you greedy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ not worth the time to capatalize you're company name."
76561197991198865,Not Recommended,232090,24035187,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Badf1sh@CaptainBadf1sh,This game is trying to ♥♥♥♥ my wallet
,Not Recommended,232090,22360626,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Bond,I would not waste your money on this game.
,Recommended,232090,25383943,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Griffin,♥♥♥♥ing awesome
,Recommended,232090,19013501,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,GasMask,"The gameplay didin't change. But the graphics are awesome. Hope to have more updates with more maps and weapons.P.S. I prefer more conventional weapons than fantasy weapons, so devs if you're reading this, please consider.Updated on 12/01/2016:Et tu, Brute?Not microtransactions, please. I had so much hope on you devs..."
,Not Recommended,232090,23839911,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Goering,"leveling takes way too long and welding doors is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥and alt+f4 doesn't work, instantly uninstalled"
,Not Recommended,232090,19245832,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Puddles,"I don't think I've ever been so disapointed in a developer before.I should have seen the warning signs1. The EULA which will ""call your parents""2. The lack of maps3. The lack of classes4. The lack of weapons5. The slow rate of updates desite the huge amount of players6. Lack of any sort of communication to thier fans about any of the above except ""It's early access"" and ""We are going to do this right""I will never play another twi game"
76561198033429807,Not Recommended,232090,19294669,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Badger,"If you're thinking about buying this game, I have one word for you: NOPE!"
76561198018884900,Not Recommended,232090,19468230,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Red Hot Silence,"An empty shell of its former self, don't even bother with this one.If they worry more about monetizing the game even further before releasing actual content of the game then you should prioritize buying a complete game that wont try to squeeze you dry of your money.Death by greed transactions, goodbye KF you were good and fun until they decided to take a♥♥♥♥♥♥on your already small fanbase."
,Not Recommended,232090,23092384,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Teddy,"Update 6/14/2016This game is still an unbalanced pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I double-dog-dare any of the developers (or players) for that matter to finish a solo HoE with any class on Paris or Biotics Lab with the new ""balance"" changes.This game was wonderful when it first came out. Each successive update has ruined game balance irreparably.The new Sharpshooter class is okay, I guess, although the perks are stupid. Crouching is a terrible idea in this game for any reason whatsoever, yet they made a perk based on it.Update 5/19/2016Hell on Earth is almost impossible to solo now, even as berserker. Almost nonexistant ammo spawns, NO weapon spawns, NO armor spawns, and not enough dosh per round even with 100% headshots to prepare yourself for each next wave.Enemies constantly block your escape route, and getting stuck on an enemy (just a single enemy) even by a fraction of an inch will most likely end your run then and there.Enemy speed is too high (even after fixing a bug that caused them to be super-fast on HoE).When this game came out, it was very possible to beat HoE with every class, provided you knew the best routes in each level and had a good strategy for the giants.Now? It's completely ♥♥♥♥ed. You'll be able to beat it on the larger levels, but just try running Paris on HoE on even short-wave games.You're ♥♥♥♥ed. Period."
,Not Recommended,232090,19578527,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Andras,"Pretty okay game, will be great. You know, eventually. After they finish their ""Early Access"" and polishing their micro transaction economy. Then they can finally add all the classes, maps, and enemies that are supposed to be in the game!Seriously, Killing Floor was a great game and Killing Floor 2 has the potential to be even better. But as it is, it's not the time to buy it yet. The devs promised to do frequent updates, and ""do early access right"", but they've fallen completely short of that promise. You don't get to play the content early, you don't get to balance test things, and you don't get to see any unfinished comments. Instead, you'll get to look at gaming journalists play the new content and tell you how much fun it's going to be when you get to play it in two months!Wait a year or so.  I don't plan on recommending this game until either the majority of the game's content is in, or they increase their update speed and start doing early access right."
,Not Recommended,232090,26744083,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,sate,"-tripwire promised a martial artist class but it got scraped and replaced with a sloppy made survivalist class. which it's skilltree consist of a mix and match of stuffs from other 9 classes and doesn't even have it's own perk weapon-after a full year of development you'll expect they implement something to let you host a game without going through all the dedicated server bs but nope. if you want to have fun with your friend better learn how to host dedicated server-promised 3rd boss, still missing-they also seems to have trouble in the concept of fun, constantly making adjustments to ""spice things up"" and ruin everyone's fun. like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ damage resistence which renders melee weapons useless.-microtransactions. some of the hats and skins looks good but still, microtransactions.it's still a solid game all in all, just don't get it at full price"
,Not Recommended,232090,22343671,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,One Unhappy Goat,"I played it when it was released for ""early access"" last year, and it didn't have much so it bored me after a day or so. I said to myself I'd play it when they update it with more stuff.So I come back a year later and it's still in ""early access"", and I'm pretty sure it hasn't changed except there are microtransactions now."
76561198114455061,Not Recommended,232090,19247781,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Myrmuz [IRL],"Game is still in early access and they're already planning to monetize it in the CS:GO fashion with random unlockable crates .Developers are ♥♥♥♥, do not buy."
,Recommended,232090,26681969,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,bioaffect,"Killing Floor 2 is now out of early access. So what does that mean to all you potential buyers? Well, this review is only on what the game has as of writing this review. (11/18/16) I may or may not edit this review as the game goes along.To all the lazy readers, skip to the bottom paragraph.Anyways, let's get started!Just like the first game, it has classes and weapons for each class. Wave based gameplay against all kinds of zeds (zombies) and a boss at the end; if you make it that far. What's the difference with this format in this sequel? Well, the overall gameplay is generally on the faster pace side. Zeds spawn closer to the players and are always ready to grind your body to meat and bones. Whether that's a good thing or not is really on whether you like the fast pace/streamlined gameplay. I personally like it, but veterans of the first may not. This game also added PvP. However, it's barely played and any veteran KF1 player will basically say it's a waste of time. That is true in my opinon as well. Time that could've been spent on more weapons, zeds, maps, etc. If you like repetitive wave based gameplay, this game is right up your alley. Any who doesn't will find the first 20-30 hours to be fun but will leave KF2 on the dusty section of your Steam Library.What about content? How much content is there with the game fully released? Well.... I'm kinda on the fence with this. The game, based on it's vanilla content and not including community maps, is very shallow compared to KF1. There's very little weapons in comparison. After many hours of playing, those weapons don't give you a variety to play around compared to KF1. There's only 9 official maps (3 of them are community made maps put into official rotation) Many servers host community maps, but they are also hit or miss. Many of them are upright ""arena"" maps where you fight zeds on a, mostly, square format. Others, you get intuitive design and interesting locales. As of now, there's about 4-6 weapons to each class (not including Survivalist which uses all weapons from each class) When it comes to content, as of right now, it's a bit lacking. As the game ages, there will hopefully be more content to come from both the community and developers.To those that have stuck with early access all the way through like me, you already know the kind of things that were happening in the development cycle and what updates did what. And yes, the controversial stuff that was going on too... As of this review the game's latest patch version is a solid one in my opinon that fixes a substantial amount of complaints I had with the game during the beginning and mid cycle of early access. It's been an interesting ride through, but I can say that it's a decent time to end early access for this game. So for those that had this game in EA and are waiting to try it again now that it's out of EA, play it again. I think some will enjoy the changes since you last left off.So what's the verdict? I'd say pick up the game. I personally love this game and you should definitely have it in your library. It's a modest price and I say it's a very fun game to play with friends. If you don't mind the same formula of just mindless shooting and slicing up zeds, then go out and get it! To those that want more variety with your games, you may want to wait on a sale. I hope this somewhat helps gives some insight for some who are looking to buy."
,Recommended,232090,17744915,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,JayRob,"Gameplay, Engine, Sound, in pretty much every way this is an enormous improvement over the first game.  The only thing missing is the 8 years of content that the original had.That's to be expected though, this is an early access title.  It says it right there on the store page, yet we still get imbeciles complaining about this very fact.  If you have a problem with missing content, the solution is very simple:  Do not buy early access titles.  The fact that you're even seeing this game on the store is because the developers decided to do a favor to the fans.  They let us have access to a game before it was done, and any true fan appreciates that.If you buy in early, you get to have some fun testing the game and get an early look at all the content.  If you have a problem with missing content, then wait til release, when the game is fully complete.  Simple, right?And come on, this is Tripwire, you know they will give their all to making this an awesome game and add content as fast as they can.  This game contains some of their most detailed work yet, so it shouldn't be a surprise if it takes slightly longer to add.So far, amazing game and a must own for any KF1 fan or fan of shooters in general."
,Not Recommended,232090,20115201,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,KatiaIsChrysalis,"Well Im not saying this game is bad but it wasnt the game for me, I was expecting the game to be like Left 4 Dead with bots, etc. I was wrong and I find that if you play alone it is no fun, hopefully in the future there will be an option for bots but for now I cant reccommend it. This dosnt mean the game is bad, Just means that its not the game for me."
76561198047947606,Not Recommended,232090,19470415,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Cannon,"Killing Floor 2, is a game you have a love hate relationship with, and because of that I cannot recomend it.  First the pros then the reasons why this title disappoints.Pros:1. Graphics.  Whether it is the details on the zed, or the gore that the zed turns this game looks good.2. SoundTrack.  A fitting mix of various heavy metal bands help to energize the mood even further.  (Could be a minus depends on your taste.)3.  Good servers.  I've experienced very little lag personally, and always a few servers that fit my tastes. (Could vary from person to person, just my personal experience)Cons:1.  Sparse updates.  At this rate seems like KF2 with be another of the game lost in the permanent limbo known as early access.  With only two noticable updates in the span of eight monthes makes it very easy to lose interest.2.  Bad choices.  The most recent addition of the ingame purchases made me lost faith in Trip Wire and their decisions on the game.  We all understand that they are a business and their goal is to make money.  But the adding an ingame shop to a unfinished product before adding content that the outdated original game had is a step back and feels wrong.Conlusion:  Killing Floor 2 can be enjoyable, but with the developers adding a ingame cash shop feels like a blatant money grab that makes me fear for the future of the game.  Sparse updates also drives any desire to play down even further.  Would be worth it on a very good sale though is fun for a weekend."
76561197970720161,Not Recommended,232090,31709384,Posted: 12 May,all,Game_Dude,"Can't get into it anymore. I liked Killing Floor 1, but this one just doesn't make it for me. Killing those Bosses with their huge health bars is just one thing: TEDIOUS. Killing Waves is fun for the first 5 minutes, then it becomes extremely repetitive. Also they seem to sometimes spawn practically on you. I can't recommend it at all."
76561198059328832,Recommended,232090,24185772,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DaddyRamsay,"I dono where to start, there is so many things done right with this game its amazing.The music is amazing, not a big fan of metal but in this game i wouldnt choose anything else.The zeds, their all realy cool desinged they all have something to them.the corefasts seem inocent but their actualy realy strong♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the cloths look scurry cant even swing their arm without falling over.The weapons, most of the weapons are realy original some come from the first game (that i didnt play) and im sure there will be more weapons added.The Perks, all the perks have their own strong and weaknesses.They are all realy difrent from eachother each one has itc character with i realy like.The Bosses, they are quite cool in terms of desing but for now there are only 2 of them, and only 1 more is going to be added wich is not a lot in my opinion.But overall is a realy fun/challenging game to play alone or with friends."
,Not Recommended,232090,19481372,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,MNX,"Microtransactions more important that finishing the game... ♥♥♥♥ Microtransactions. Uninstalling.UPDATE:Just retried the game, it's bad.II wish I hadn't bought it, Killing Floor 1 is better in so many ways... Don't waste your meney, get KF1 if you don't already have it."
76561198314529672,Not Recommended,232090,29116057,Posted: 8 January,all,Xelarys,"At start it was a nice game. I really liked it, but its no more fun, you are doing the same thing still again and again... its boring for me today.There are no much maps or bosses. I think it doesnt worth to buy it."
,Not Recommended,232090,22489954,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,S.T.R.I.K.E.R.,"I have to admit that KF2 was a big mistake made by Tripwire Interactive! It looks like they wanted make more money out of early release which was a FAIL and pathetic AF! I tried to play it, I tried to like it and I couldn't. My advice to Tripwire Interactive is to continue updating KF, releasing new characters, perks, weapons, maps and more entertaining stuff instead of putting more effort and time into something like KF2. My advice to players, don't buy that crap."
76561198186398159,Recommended,232090,24173970,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Bigot,good game wish more of my friends had it would have more hours on it. but overall a good game.
,Recommended,232090,27064015,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Invasor Kazz,"Good fun. People crying for the ''zedconomy'' are pathetic, really, sad people."
,Recommended,232090,23783961,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Quenquent the babysitter,"Sharpshooter ✔Demolition is playable ✔No bulls**t resistances ✔Devs listening to the community ✔All the Boss fights are fun ✔There you go, you can buy it"
,Recommended,232090,24428959,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,EquinoX,"For those who are unsure to purchase this:1.First things first I love this Game even if they try to balance alot and its still early acces.2.Everyone whining about the Trading floor and Micro transaktions dont know to real reason behind this,the Devs try to put out free DLC after the Game launches this Autumn (2016) and they get the Money to do that by supporting the Trading / crafting System you dont have to do anything/ buy Skins its optional.3.The Devs showed some activity meaning they finaly listen to the community feedback and Update more and add new stuff (2 More Perks) new Bosses new Maps new Guns new Zeds new Skins etc.4.Please read into the Tripwire Forums and Other parts of the community and NOT all the Whiny Idiots who played the game for 2houres or still hate on early Acces these arguments are LONG invalid5.(Tip)Concider Buying a Gamekey befor early Acces ends you get a cool armor if you attend to Early Acces ;)"
,Not Recommended,232090,24309206,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Me†ric,"It's pretty.. That's about it. I don't know how they managed it but the feelings I had for the first one is gone in this game. I recommend playing KF1 over this.They said they were gonna do Early Access 'right' then proceeded to do it wrong. Shame, too."
,Recommended,232090,15517963,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Renegade,Ketchup all over the place.
,Not Recommended,232090,27314484,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Skogsrån,"Never got the class ""martial artist"". Classes never hade any sembleance of good balance. Perks and class stat-ups are mindnumbingly boring to grind. Guns were never balanced, and neither were their costs. Gun variety is low within your chosen class.Got microtransactions and PvP instead of fixing all above mentioned.What a goddamn twist."
76561198116007652,Recommended,232090,26681951,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,UnknownGalaxy,"Look at my hoursThe game has came a long way since its original release back in april of 2015. Tripwire HAS done things that the community is not proud of and has done things that seem rediculous at times, but what people tend to forget is that Tripwire tries their best to test new ideas. That was the main reason why the game launched into early access, to test new ideas and recieve community feedback.The actual game is amazing. New weapons and perks have been added over the year and a half and each brings something unique. The weapons are ultra realistic being animated in over 200 fps so that the zed killing is made to give the most realistic weapon system on the market. Weapons range from melee weapons like a shovel for Berzerker to a high military grade electromagnetic rail gun for Sharpshooter. The maps are both Tripwire official and community made. There are about 12 maps to play from as of Novermber 18 (release day) and each have their own unique enviorment to cover in blood. And, tripwire have already announced another content update in about a month with a new weapon, new zed, and a new map (that's what's been confirmed so far but there may be more).You can play from solo by yourself or grab a few friend or even random players and slaughter your way to victory to kill the patriarch or Hans volter. There are 4 difficulties; normal, hard, suicidal, and hell on earth. when you increase the difficulty, your enemies will not only have more health, they come in larger groups, dodge your attacks, run faster, and you earn less dosh (money). This sytem of difficulties makes the game feel more tactical as a shooter, instead of the enemies being sponges. Each perk has a specific role in the game such as slowing down enemies, crowd control, or just plain out taking out large zeds. Each perk as well has a specific set of weapons to play with, berzerker=melee, commando=assault rifles, support=shotguns, firebug=fire, Medic=medic weapons, demolitionist=explosives, gunslinger=heavy pistols, sharpshooter=rifles, SWAT=smg's, Survivalist= everything.Tripwire releases a new mechanic/gamemode/patch (etc) and waits for feedback. If the community likes the new update, tripwire will keep that system and add similar systems like it. And if the community gives negitive feedback on the new system, They either fix it or completely remove it. For example, Tripwire decided to import a new system called resistance. It was ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. So, after community feedback, tripwire removed the system except large zed weaknesses. What the weeknesses are is that a Fleshpound is weaker to explosives but resistant to bullets and a Scrake is resistant to explosives but weak to bulllets. The reason why they kept those in particular is becuase it's what the community wanted, and the part that the community didn't want is taken away.Now there is a flow of old players coming back to Killing Floor 2 because of its release and rather than looking in the past and giving good feedback, they're bashing on the things that are not done yet or on the situations with microtransactions. The reason why tripire doesn't remove microtransctions is because IT PAYS FOR FUTURE UPDATES. Tripwire has stated that right now, they are able to fund the game until the end of 2017 and that was half a year ago. These microtransactions are necessary for continuing free content updates instead of DLC. Some are even being rediculous in the fact that they are saying that ""TW is going to sell DLC now that the game is out."" The only time when they sell DLC is, and stated by tripwire theirselfs, ""We're not going to sell DLC unless the microtransaction system fails."" And don't worry, this isn't the Payday 2 type microtransactions where stats vary from weapon to weapon, it's just pretty skins with no real power other than to pimp your weapon.I love this game to the death of me and i highly recommend this game to you and your friends.9/10"
76561197996879000,Recommended,232090,15578538,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,DasBrot,"When I was working as a Shovel Sales Men I once dreamed of a life in which the shovel could do more than just dig holes. Alas my dream has been realized in this game as you are now able to beat hordes of genetically modified hoomans with one of the most useful back saving tools known to man with the added addition of a crowbar on the underside incase you feel like a ""free man"".Pros:-Sleek ergonomic design so easy a baby can use it.-So fast you can kill zeds and bowl with your cousin roman at the same time!-Makes Gordon's crowbar look like panty hose-No need for clean up due to its pre sprayed waterphobic protection spray-ShovelCons:I would highly recommend this game to any shovel connoisseur. 10 out of 10 would shovel holes into the skulls of my enemies again."
,Not Recommended,232090,24629069,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,P4099,"When KF2 was announced, I was really hyped because I loved the first one so much, but this...there are many things that are wrong with this game, which is why I can't recommend it.Let's start off with the fact that Tripwire Interactive takes about five months to release a single update, like the recent Bullseye Update which included a single perk (or class, whatever), four weapons for said perk and two community-created maps (that means they took five months to create one f***ing perk) and some achievements and balance changes.Hey, remember that Killing Floor was a ""Co-op Survival Horror"" game? This game throws all the aspects that could be considered ""horror"" out of the window and goes the direction of *ahem*""RIP AND TEAR YOUR GUTS BECAUSE THIS GAME IS ALL ABOUT ZED DISMEMBERMENT AND GORE NOW, SO YOU'RE BASICALLY ♥♥♥♥ED IF YOU'RE FROM GERMANY OR AUSTRALIA, MAYBE EVEN JAPAN BECAUSE GIBS WERE THE MAIN PART OF KF, RIGHT?"", also the maps feel a lot smaller than the ones in KF1Oh, they also stated that their goal was to get KF2 out of Early Access by the end of 2015. It's appears that they mistook the number ""5"" for the number ""7"", because at this rate, this sad excuse for a Killing Floor-Sequel might look like somthing that resembles a full game in 2017.Also, they included some things that no Killing Floor veteran ever wanted, like:-PvP mode (in a PvE game that's barely even finished)-Microtransactions. Oh, there will also be paid weapon DLC (Fun Fact: I believe there were even some voice lines in the game's files that were about transporting a bomb)-changing the way you equip the welder, a tool that was used to close doors in order to stop the enemy temporarily, by now forcing players to hold E while standing next to a door instead of just equipping it like everything else!This game has been out for about 18 months now, but it feels like it's been out for about half a year.It appears the developers don't really give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the game itself, because MONEY!!!!Long story short: The developers want your cash just as much as the characters want the fake Horzine dosh they get by killing zeds. Wait until this game has a MASSIVE SALE (if the price is below 15 bucks, you may consider buying it) or just wait until it comes out of Early Access if you don't want to take the risk of TWI screwing it up.Oh, also the soundtrack comes with about half the songs that are in the game and it apparently won't get any updates.Don't get me wrong, KF2 is a good game...if you don't see it as a sequel to Killing Floor, but simply a game that is very similar, because this game is an insult to its predecessor."
76561198011980786,Not Recommended,232090,17111629,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Man Ray,Shouldn't have bought in. Almost didn't but told myself it would be fun. What a mistake. This shouldn't have been put up for Early access as they are doing next to nothing to improve the game. They've released one map in three months and instead announced another game in production. Future content is advertised as free dlc as if we should be greatful. Don't support Social Justice developers who don't respect you.
,Recommended,232090,16100740,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Laim,Can't get past the bosses on normal mode10/10 game of the yearwould buy again
,Recommended,232090,17129976,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,IcyTorrent,"Killing Floor 2 does not disappoint for being an EA title. When I first saw it on the Steam page I was blindsided by it, but purchased it immediately. That was both a good thing and a bad thing. Where there was also extremely polished gameplay, maps, weapons, and classes, there was also a lack of content as to be expected. It has been a few months since it has come out onto EA and in that time there have been two new maps introduced and they are currently working on the next content pack. I expected them to have released more in this time frame since they stated that they were attempting to release in time for the holidays, but even still, I am not disappointed.Gameplay wise the game is extremely fluid. It retains the core values that Killing Floor had built in the first game and it even goes so far as to improve upon them in a great many case. The added option to customize your class adds some needed flavor into the groundwork of the game. It also puts an interesting perspective on it. Most choices are broken down into the two categories of either benefiting yourself or benefiting the team as a whole. The introduction of sprinting was something that at first I waas skeptical about and on normal difficulties I feel that it is indeed overpowered. Yet when the difficulty is ramped up to the harder difficulties this is not the case as even the bloats will begin to dash towards a player once they are a dozen meters or so away. It is with the introduction to this new mechanic that the game feels much more fast paced, but not in a bad way, but moreso in a hectic ""oh-crap"" way. With that said though, there are still issues that are being worked on. Many people (myself included) have noticed that some enemies will teleport if you sprint to the otherside of the map away from this. This was implemented to reduce camping and to force the player to move about, but does the opposite. With that noted, this phenomonon is rare. It is generally only noticable with few enemies left and after sprinting across the map from them. This whole teleportation thing is a feature that needs to be reworked, but thankfully the Dev team has acknowledged this.Graphically. When I first heard that they were going to be using the UE3 instead of UE4 I was a little more than disappointed, but the game does not lack in this department. I play on the highest settings at 1440p downsampled to 1080p at 144hz with modified gore files (more bodies, blood, guts). At first the game did not recognize SLI and users had to configue it with Nvidia Inspector. This was fixed a few weeks after release. The game scales extremely well and generally my cards are both being used in the 90% range. I have noticed frame dipping, but only in the 120-144 range. The lowest I have ever seen the game go was into the 90s with the modified gorefiles set to have 100 bodies present on the screen.The lack of content is the biggest disappointment that this game offers, and even that is negligible. The content will come with time. For EA this is extremelly well done and it remains true to the groundwork of KF1. Be aware though, that if you buy this game in EA that past 10 hours you will have seen and done everything already. After that one can continue to play and grind out the levels for their respective classes, but it is nothing new. The fun of the game comes from beating it on the higher difficulties with friends. It is the challenge that keeps this game great. If you are a solo player I would recommend either finding a friend or waiting for the full release.If you have a friend or two who are also willing to get this game I would recommend it and to try and aspire to beat it on the harder difficulties. The fun in this game is the challenge. If you are looking for a simple zed shoot'em'up then go and look at COD zombies or some other trashy arcade game. This is ultimately a teambased gamec based on challenging gameplay."
76561198072557976,Recommended,232090,15482783,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,AWM_darkhelmet,monsters and fatguys and more monster oh shoot them this game is very fun I can keep playing this game until I die or until I wanna play Grand theft Auto kf1 i would give a 9/10 this one 10/10 HIGHLY RECCOMEND THIS GAME before the price goes upwhen the game is fully released hope this helped!~~~~TEAM AWM
76561198008351016,Recommended,232090,15901442,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,ClosedAI,Holy damn I'm having fun with this game!The lvlup system is great and hard earning and also helps new players to understand how each role is effective against diffrent enemies.And ofc the music is the best in any game period.
,Recommended,232090,15583893,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,JOSUKE HIGASHIKATA,"You pick Berserker. You tell your team that you will run around the map and pick off clots. You tell your team that you will never fight with them. You tell your team that you will disrupt spawn patterns. You do this in a nice way because you are Berserker and you want to win. You buy Grenades, Pistol Ammo, Katana in that exact order. You start running. You have: Katana, Shovel. You run and get to round 4 before 10 minutes. You time that ***********. You buy Nail Gun. You go Run and kill clots that are free roaming to your teammates if there is no safe area to run to. You repeat until game is won. You never fight with your team ever. Berserkers need no armour. Why do Berserkers need no armour you may ask? Berserkers need no armour because Berserkers never fight; Berserkers pick off lingering clots. This is why Berzerkers need no armour. Your team dying 4 in the middle of the map? You do not fight with them. You do not run to them. You do not flame them. You are Mr. Foster and you want to win. You tell your team to fight as far away from you as possible. You tell your team not to come to your part of the map. You do this in a nice way because even though Berserkers need no armour Berserkers want to win games. If you are getting ganked (you should be looking at the the area during zed time and not be in a situation where you’re getting Surrounded) but if you are getting Surrounded you know what to do: you listen to Mr. Foster and Mr. Foster tells you what? That’s right you sonofa♥♥♥♥♥: Mr. Foster tells you that ""the Berserker runs"". You pop that EMP grenade, you back off and you run out. You run to a different part of the map. If you don't know what to do then what do you do? That's right; you listen to Mr. Foster again and Mr. Foster tells you that ""the Berserker runs"" and that ""Berserkers need no armour"". This does not mean ""the Berserker fights""; it means that the Berserker go run and spawn enemies elsewhere around the map. You are on a part of the map preferably furthest away from danger. You are in the edges of the map or picking off clots. You are at trader timing that ****. You upgrade your Nail Gun into a Pulverizer. You do it in this exact order. You keep that around the map spawning going. You pick off clots when they are alone. You keep telling your team not to be with you or come to your lanes. You are Mr. Foster. You are nice about it. You are run. You are objectives. You are win. You remember that ""Berserkers love to battle"" against clots because then Berserkers will need no armour and Berserkers can run in circles around the clots. You never fight. You end the game with 0-0-0 and the dosh reserve ever conceived by man.tl;dr Please buff Berserkers as they need no armour also why the hell is Katana considered offhand? Its clearly a weapon for Berserkers. I say this as i wasted a game thinking Katana was a zerker weapon then turns out its offhand and i get no xp.  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯Edited because valve thinks Berserkers need armour and i had to edit out some of the swearing. Pls no make me wear armour valve mods"
,Recommended,232090,15516507,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Filthy F@#kin' Spoon,Epic.
,Recommended,232090,15513974,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,The_Advocate,"I bet you are looking at these reveiws to decide if you want it. Well I have one question for you, why haven't you bought it yet?"
,Recommended,232090,15506399,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Officer Dill-Pickle,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,232090,16210714,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,heebie_jeebies,
,Recommended,232090,15998457,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Mr. Foster,BEST♥♥♥♥♥♥EVER!
,Recommended,232090,15816364,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Alucks,"There are no weiners. Thus given this game an E for everyone rating. But one of these characters do say darn, so BEWARE, if you are okay with your child saying such an awful word I suggest this game for everyone above 4."
,Recommended,232090,15496522,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,une bite,"5:53 PM - Nbr1Rckr: what do you think of kf25:53 PM - Nbr1Rckr: pretty ♥♥♥♥ing baller right?5:53 PM - heffi: fun but unfinished5:53 PM - Nbr1Rckr: really?5:53 PM - Nbr1Rckr: huh5:53 PM - Nbr1Rckr: didn't expect that answer5:53 PM - heffi: i was under the assumption that after the closed beta all 8 classes would be there5:54 PM - Nbr1Rckr: cool. elaborate.5:54 PM - heffi: and more tahn like 3 maps5:54 PM - Nbr1Rckr: ahhh5:54 PM - Nbr1Rckr: no5:54 PM - Nbr1Rckr: they explained that5:54 PM - Nbr1Rckr: in the videos5:54 PM - Nbr1Rckr: on the store page i mean5:54 PM - Nbr1Rckr: they said they planned on releasing a set number of perks and other stuff5:54 PM - Nbr1Rckr: and then add them in later, like an actual early access game should do. and they stressed that's how they felt too5:54 PM - Nbr1Rckr: although the 3 maps, yeah, idk about that. i thought there'd be at least like 55:55 PM - heffi: also theres barely any weapons5:55 PM - Nbr1Rckr: but, you'd say it still feels like classic kf gameplay, yeah?5:55 PM - heffi: like 2 or 3 for each class5:55 PM - heffi: oh yeah5:55 PM - heffi: def5:55 PM - heffi: right now i prefer kf15:55 PM - Nbr1Rckr: and yeah the lack of weapons is a bit obvious5:55 PM - Nbr1Rckr: yeah i understand that5:55 PM - Nbr1Rckr: a lot more content5:55 PM - Nbr1Rckr: but for a game that's been heavily active throughout its, what, 5, 6-year lifespan5:56 PM - Nbr1Rckr: compared to a game that's been out in public access since yesterday, that was originally slated to be out in october, it feels like it's all coming together nicely. A bit unfinished, yes, but I'd say it really feels promising. They've already got the feel of the core gameplay ""loop"" as TWI called it down pat.5:56 PM - Nbr1Rckr: It's just a matter of bringing the rest of the fun in such as the weapons and the new perks5:56 PM - Nbr1Rckr: and ofc the maps5:57 PM - Nbr1Rckr: but is it worth $30?5:57 PM - heffi: no5:57 PM - heffi: imo5:57 PM - heffi: play kf15:57 PM - heffi: the only thing that makes kf2 better than kf1 is the gore and graphics5:57 PM - heffi: unless u want to support them iw ould wait5:58 PM - Nbr1Rckr: yeah5:58 PM - Nbr1Rckr: i already bought it5:58 PM - Nbr1Rckr: i wanted to support them so much (because TWI are committed devs)5:58 PM - Nbr1Rckr: I just wanted to copy paste this as a review"
,Recommended,232090,15907425,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,thetwistedkris,Buy this game.It looks glorious.It is highly tactical.The gore is unmatched.The weapons feel amazing.Community is non-toxic.Spits on every AAA out currently.Is somehow this amazing and not yet a complete product.BUY.THIS.GAME.
,Recommended,232090,16026678,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Sergeant Mecha,Most fun i've had playing a zombie game!
,Recommended,232090,15483166,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Riparu,"When I launched the game the first thing that amazed me was the main menu, the entire game is soo well made, I just couldn't help but smile and enjoy what the game brought me. I have my top hopes for this game as it improves!"
76561198056795767,Recommended,232090,16390020,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,SubZer0,best team coop I've played.
,Recommended,232090,15512648,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Darth Kucing,Such gore. Many boobs. 12/10 would play all day errday
,Recommended,232090,16778362,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,willzoy,"This game is gory. It's very diturbing. You will run into a few bugs here and there but it's still in beta, so no worrys."
,Recommended,232090,29390002,Posted: 20 January,all,Mexi_Tan,Bullets bodies and explosions 9/10
76561198018800828,Recommended,232090,15506297,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Sypria,This game is best.
,Recommended,232090,15704435,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,F is for Eff,"Great survival zombie game. I'm not into to writing long reviews so I'll keep it short.The Good- Excellent graphics, zombies and maps look great with top notch lighting.- Excellent music who doesn't love killing zombies to metal.- Map desgin for the three maps there are they are well designed.- Classes and perks with leveling.- Weapons are great with noticable difference between each weapon.- Customiseable characters and appearance.- Good team work is essential to beat waves and boss.The Bad- Movement is a bit clunky easy to get caught on things such as a chair or corner in a hall way.- Only 10 monsters including the boss that I have encountered so far. And why are they all naked?- 3 maps even though they are well designed- Limited weapons with no customisability (would be great to be able to customise a weapon such as ammo type, extra clips, stabiliser) ie armour piercing ammo for more damage less stumble chance, or hollow point less damage more stumble chance.- Only 4 classes Berseker, Commando, Support and Field medic and some of the perks you unlock for each class are the same. Add a sharp shooter or a grenadier/rocket/demolitions expert something that can hit hard from a distance.- Big lads are hard/impossible to take down when only 1 player left been in a few match where a field medic or berserker is running a round avoiding a flesh pound for 15-20min before dying.- Ammo drops need more of them...?- Some of the character accents...gahhhhHowever I would still recomend, its early access and has a great platform to start on. Look forward to see what the dev team adds next. Great to jump in and have a blast.7.5/10"
76561197988560852,Recommended,232090,15485553,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,DeltaXFish,The BLOOD and GORE is just insane. This is such a great improvement over Killing Floor. Same game play core but seems to be a lot more intense. Weapon feels and sounds amazing. High intensity throughout the game. The new boss is pretty cool and difficult to beat. Think of this game as KF1 but with better everything espeically the hit box and graphics.
76561198196135769,Recommended,232090,15829064,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Zivalent,Great game!
76561198060986595,Recommended,232090,15652342,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Solidshakerx,"i r8 8/8 no h8 m8five 8, in the first sentence 5+8=13triangle has 3 sidesIlluminatiFloor confirmed"
,Recommended,232090,17285815,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,-=AK=-,"I like this game because you get to shoot monsters and they explode.  Sometimes it makes my PC lag, which its a bit trippy but cool."
,Recommended,232090,16182704,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Vernery,5/5
76561198003519012,Recommended,232090,16128461,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,SpaceViking,"This game is awesome. But as a player of the first one, I can say there is room for improvement. Here are my [UPDATED] suggestions:=======================================- Getting hit should have more tangible consequences. I can't stress this enough. These monsters are not as scary as they look (which is very) because it doesn't feel like they are hitting me. Without looking down and seeing my health almost nil, I couldn't tell how badly I was getting beat up and how close to death I was. hits from the Flesh Pound's arms or the chainsaw should shake the screen a lot and set off some heavy bass audio-wise. It should be a rude awakening. It should shake you up. Maybe blurred vision for a moment after each hit, kind of like a brief and sudden version of the Siren's radial screen shake. And maybe the screen turning redder and redder or something when you're low on health. Just please make the hits seem harder. When I get attacked by the Flesh Pound, I literally can't even tell he's hitting me. That takes all the scariness right out of it.- ability to reset the pool table in the manor mission, and make the balls more likely to stay on the table when you shoot them with your pistol. Because playing pool during downtime is fun. Also move the house stick, i'm having trouble making the corner pocket.======================================UPDATE 12/16/2015 - It seems one of my suggestions has been heard! There is now a hard hitting sound when the Fleshpound makes contact with you for damage, and the screen turns red as you come closer to death.The game is coming along spectacularly. One problem though: they disabled the pool table in Volter Manor. That's the opposite of my second suggestion! Or maybe too much of it, as I did mention the balls were flying off the table when you shot them. But now they don't move at all! That is to say, balls don't respond anymore to small arms fire. You can't play pool with your pistol during downtime anymore. That was my favorite thing to do on that map! :(======================================Still a fun and addicting time vampire of a game. Thanks for making it!"
,Recommended,232090,15678156,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Sleep forever.,"Great action , Great fun , Great Game  perfect revamp of the classic KF in an all new environment 8.5/10 for sure the game is still in beta and theres alot to be done but the future for this game is bright."
76561198062183182,Recommended,232090,15498817,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Insomniac1997,I got killed 43 times by a nazi doctor and his gas 10/10 would buy.
,Recommended,232090,15592804,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Original Don,"Hi there,This is my first review so I am going to keep it simple and neat. Killing Floor 2 is fantastic. The graphics are well done as well as the game play.  The maps are fairly large and the ZED's have been ""Fixed"" since the 1st Killing Floor. What I mean by ""Fixed"" is that the Flesh Pounders were far too strong and the Scrakes are now more badass which I am really happy about. There is little content at this stage as it is an early access. I am looking forward to see what is still to come. The one thing I do miss is the ""Previous Weapon"" button the 1st Killing Floor offerd, but it's not the end of the world.I would highly recommend this game to any monster killing fans and people that like challenges. This game is tough yet very fun!!!"
,Recommended,232090,15593973,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Trusis Bunny,"Where do I start -Comparing it to the first game would prob be a good idea. One thing - This one is A LOT LESS JANKY. Smooth is the word that comes to mind but it just doesn't encompass the feels enough. The hordes of zombie science experiments are for the most part the same, difficulty has been tweaked a bit on certain types. Overall, I find them not as big of an obstacle during the waves.When you get to the bigger guys like Scrakes and Flesh Pounds, yes they may rip you a new one, but with the right strats you an your group can overcome them fairly easy.The lovely lovely boss - At first it seems like this guy isn't designed to be killed, but after some research and figuring out the fight, he is beatable, but still a fight that is going to take focus. If you know how, you can use the map to your advantage, enemy path-ing AI is something that should be looked at, but it's not game breaking, just funny to watch.The Revamp Perk System is the most changed and for the better - for now there are only 4 types of classes - Berserker, Commando, Support, and Field Medic - each are able to gain experience as long as you meet the requirements - ie heal teammates - You not only get a set of stat boosts, every 5 levels you can choose between 2 perks - whether you get night vision or the skill to give ammo once per wave - Experience is easier to obtain then the last game.As an Early Access game it is super polished - you may find a few issues - but for a game that is ""unfinished"" it sure feels good.Well worth the 29.99 price tag - I highly recommend it."
76561198000452517,Recommended,232090,16356365,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ArcDragon,I KNOW ITS ONLY EARLY ACESS BUT THIS IS ALLREADY AWESOME JUST LIKE THE FIRST ONE JSUT BETTER! EXCTULY WHAT WE WANT!
76561198021169154,Recommended,232090,16357185,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sir_Harrison,needs more guns and Zeds but other than that it's worth 30$
76561198142100873,Recommended,232090,16388767,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ScareCroW,awsome game even though its in early access they`ve done a ♥♥♥♥ing great job...and i brought it for the blood and guts more than anything in it.
,Recommended,232090,16624016,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Sickhead,"If you like the first game, you will like this even more!"
,Recommended,232090,15487513,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,[A MEX] El Burrito,GotY 2015/2016
,Recommended,232090,15874897,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,† Dark | HopeLess,So funny!
76561198081104616,Recommended,232090,15789451,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,R.A.G.e,More updates please...BUT I LOVE IT
,Recommended,232090,16723128,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Miles,"Guns, gore and British accents? You got it! All the juiciness from the first game, but with upgraded graphics and more enemies. This is a MUST HAVE if you like Killing Floor or any co-op horror survival games."
76561198161772836,Recommended,232090,15576067,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,KingRatchet,"New to the KF series, but this has managed to drag me in pretty deep. Been a long time now that I have logged X amount of hours so quickly in any game. Hate knowing my stats may be killed on final release, but other wise...awesome game thus far."
,Recommended,232090,15601869,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Doctor Odyssey,Words can't describe how amazing this game is. All I can say it can make you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants when you turn around and see a skrake running full speed at you.10/10 would get chain-sawed in the♥♥♥♥♥again
76561198070340430,Recommended,232090,15666355,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,@Gandalf,"After getting this game, i forgot about the rest of my other games"
,Recommended,232090,15778056,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,füzey!,"Excellent new release, i did not play Killing Floor but was recommended by a friend to try this one and it is highly recommended!"
76561198088322732,Recommended,232090,16914712,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Knuckles,I have never played any better game then this
76561197984584956,Recommended,232090,17351294,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,fish,"very polished for early access. ridiculously intense, mouse gripping gore fest. awesome"
,Recommended,232090,15496921,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Communist Jesus,"PROs:Great visualsPerfectly fitting musicIncredible animationsFantastic gore mechanicsPerfect gun feel and handlineHours of endless funSomewhat fun to play soloExtremely fun to play with friends and other players, good teamplayGreat map designCore mechanics are all big improvements over last iterationVery stable and very few bugsCONS (as of now):Limited mapsLimited weaponsLimited classesThough the developers are promising more variety than would have been more than sufficient for the community, so big hopes. If you're hesitent, I recommend waiting for more updates to come out, but the core mechanics are some of the most refined in any game i've seen.And my biggest issues with the game though ? I can't seem to stop playing it."
,Recommended,232090,15595683,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,DarkGame* LT,"This is more than I could expect in early access, there are basically no bugs in the game, which is fantastic. The gameplay itself is really smooth even with a quite low spec laptop.  Really fun to play with good community or friends. Compared to the first KF, I really like different difficulty system, which makes spicemen more clever, faster, stronger in all ways rather than just more health. 10/10"
,Recommended,232090,15821422,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Linkovich,Not Poo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,232090,16099867,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,HypeR,Great game to play with your mates 9/10
,Recommended,232090,15498532,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,O m e g a 3,"As a fan of KF 1 , I can't be happier of this title! surely it could need some balancing and have some improvements, but even if it's just an early access version it's totally worth it and it's totally awesome!!"
,Recommended,232090,15501192,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Big Pat ☣,it a gud game wer u shut tha guys wit guns
76561198124907964,Recommended,232090,15733524,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,PKR35,"Pure Bad♥♥♥♥♥ This game is extremely fun!  Love the gore and the blood!  Totally worth every penny! I just hope they continue to implement new updates with new Bosses, Levels, and Guns! Like any game you start playing A LOT it can get repetitive, this game still has yet to give me that vibe....has amazing music (if you enjoy METAL) to go with the butt-hole clinching game play, graphics look sharp, the game flows very nice whether playing on keyboard or controller! Stop debating homie and buy this game now meow!!"
,Recommended,232090,15751650,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,FalloutBoi,"its pretty good, could use more weapons, maps, characters, perks (only 4 as of right now), but then again early access. If you like killing floor 1 you'll like killing floor 2 its a nice graphical update of killing floor."
,Recommended,232090,16016396,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Pilot124,"Do you like blood?Do you like it all over your face?Do you like blowing things to hell and back?Do you like heavy metal?Do you like big guns?If you said yes to any of there, this game is for you.(Blood spatter protection not included)"
,Recommended,232090,16065302,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Trailing Vagabond,"It's like CoD Zombies or Left 4 Dead, but better in every single way. I give it a 12 out of f***ing 10!"
,Recommended,232090,18022473,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Ebola,"With the first Killing Floor being one of my favorite games, I bought this one as soon as it was released. Initially, I was very impressed. The new graphics, the weapons, the gore, the maps, and the perk skill trees - it was all awesome and seemed like a very polished game. However, after playing it some more, I realised just how little content there was in the game, at which point it was difficult to recommend it. The most recent update changed that. They finally added more maps, perks, and made the Beserker (my favorite perk) a viable playstyle.The gameplay is solid, Tripwire just needs to continue adding content."
76561198043194855,Recommended,232090,15487181,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Doshy,Great Game.
,Recommended,232090,15498733,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,The Real Tim Shady,"Figure it's about time to update this review.I have a good 380 hours in Killing Floor 1, and a handful in KF2 as you can see. Although I play this game on and off throughout their waves of updates, I've always kept a close eye on their many development updates/logs.I won't be the first to say that KF2 IS NOT KF1. Fans of the first game may not enjoy the 2nd installment, and I personally still find KF1 to be superior. KF2 sacrificed the horror for streamlined sci-fi/military themes, surrendering their unique blend of horror, humor, and action they created in KF1. That said, the workshop has many maps already up for download that can help patch up their almost painful lack of satisfying mood. However, I feel this game has MUCH more to offer for newcomers to the ""franchise."" KF2 has updated graphics, more gun pr0n, somewhat polished and continually improved gameplay with a large and relatively open community, and a level scaling system to aid in offering many more hours than the game would otherwise lose without. Newcomers would also not be hindered by the past experiences/nostalgia and expectations KF1 veterans hold the series to.In the not so distant past though, I would have not recommended this game to anyone. With the introduction of CS:GO-cloned microtransactions, a versus mode we didn't ask for, excruciatingly slow content updates, and forum admins flailing their ban hammer at anyone who criticized the game to make their already poor community bond, I had lost all faith in the devs. After all, while this is still Tripwire, it is not the original Tripwire team that developed the first game.Since then however, word on the street is they've vastly improved (although they still have their cancerous microtransactions, I guess they are completely optional and don't affect gameplay). They appear to listen to the community, and talk back to us more effectively than ever before. They regularly push out bug fix patches, and even had a somewhat hefty list of other bug fixes in their most recent content update.I really hope that one day this game can surpass its previous installment. Perhaps we will start so see that happen after the official release, and they begin creating holiday zeds and maps once again (if they do D:)"
,Recommended,232090,15483482,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Spectre_N7_Elite,"In early-access alone this game is already better than most fully released fame. Great price, great gameplay, lots aof replayability, and an awesome company. Improves upon the last one wihtout taking anything away. cant wait to see this game fully released. Highly recommend this game!!!!"
76561198051704018,Recommended,232090,15487225,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,GeneralM89,Get It.
,Recommended,232090,15487282,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Ruka★,Needs more dosh.But it's ok.10.5/10 too much blood.
76561198113268585,Recommended,232090,15510804,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Banditos Way,"i never played the first killing floor but i'm glad i picked this up because this game rocks. it might be early access but it seems very polished to me, i've only got a couple of hours in but it was definitely worth my money and i would recommend it to anyone who like killing zombies or demons. 10/10EDIT:Here we are 18 months later and yes i still like this game even after 400hrs, it could be because i was able to make friends with a group of really good guys that I enjoy this game so much.."
,Recommended,232090,15655964,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Eriochi,"what I like about the game, how it sits right now, is that fleshpounds and scrakes are an actual menace. in the first game, it started to feel like they were something you could shrug off. fleshpound? let the sharpshooter take care of it. done. now when one shows up, my group and i find ourselves scrambling trying to adapt. it's makes for a much more fun gameplay. for the record, I'm not dissing the first game; it's still one of my favorite games to date. I just don't want a remake of the first game.This game is by far the best early access title I've played. so much so that sometimes i forget it's an incomplete product. i absolutely love the gameplay and style. Tripwire has been doing a standup job. I'm a pretty jaded guy, so i'm naturally skeptical. i'd hate to see this game go downhill, but if tripwire keeps putting this much love into the game i don't see that happening.i get that the game is an incomplete product as of right now, so just grading it for what it is i'd give it a solid 10/10. I would definitely recommend it to my friends and have already done so."
,Recommended,232090,15760996,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Adam,"Early Access Review:I can't say I was that concerned that Tripwire would let us down with the sequel to one of my all time favorite games, and I was right not to worry. They've done it again already, and I believe this will grow into another masterpeice over time with the aid of the love of the community.All of their advertised fun new things are fun and new and there. The gore is gory, the guns shoot things and the AI is vastly improved from the original game. Higher difficulties actually make enemies visably more aggressive. A clot on normal will shamble and walk at you, while a clot on hard will RUN AT YOU FLAILING OH GAWD.The current game is very basic in it's content, but with this being an early access title you should expect as much. It can only get bigger and better from here, i'm pretty damn excited for the future.Official Full Release Update: The game is still all of the things above, but with more maps, perks and a lot of fun custom content floating around to find on the workshop. Still a great game, and even more fun modes/weapons/additional zeds and balance changes are on the way.If you want a fun 1-6 player co-op survival game to play with your friends or random people, this one can provide a challenge and many hours of fun. There's also a PVP Versus mode that is a bit less popular but extremely fun when a bunch of people go in on it.Do not be afraid of the steam marketplace for this game. It is strictly full of fun/cool cosmetics that have zero impact on gameplay. It's a great way to show your support to the devlopers and harms absoloutely no one. (Unless you can't control your spending habits!)Still a good game, becoming an even better game."
76561198158456633,Recommended,232090,15987742,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,ZZZheroldZZZ☠,UPDATE SOON I HOPE!!!
,Recommended,232090,16023747,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Im off to europe,killing zeds while lagging is the best thing i've done
76561198073732684,Recommended,232090,18009304,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Lought the not,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME!It's still in early access, but its worth the buy!It's the first game, but it looks better and feels better!"
,Recommended,232090,15480966,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Nick Snow,yes
76561198013543502,Recommended,232090,15486096,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Vongor,KF1 on steroids
,Recommended,232090,15728171,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,SamWise,Got rekt by a human spider 11/10
,Recommended,232090,15765447,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,LittleMsMyth,"♥♥♥♥♥in, needs updates though.Since it's early access, I expect it to have bugs and flaws.I think they are onto something here."
76561198153499761,Recommended,232090,15966432,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,IceKofist,aimed my shotgun at the floor. Died to all the zombies.11/10 would killing floor again
,Recommended,232090,15975514,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,-UM- ChronoWolf,"Me and my clan played the first one religiously, now this one is here, it's introducing us the the floor that kills. the classes sync so well, can't wait for full release with new bosses, classes (I miss my flamer) foes and maps.12/10 would get new account and buy again!"
,Recommended,232090,15984661,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Black,The game might be in early access so far but its great. But unfortunatly my soundcard isnt good enough to endure all the things going on. I look foward for the next update :)For those unaware the game is getting micro transaction. I don'T see why everyone whines about this. I mean the game is so great. I have been with tripwire since the first kf. I mean if you don'T want a skin don'T get it.It just helps them getting the job done betterWe got 3 good size updates. Those includedNew mapsNew characternew weapon and more perks
76561197997969196,Recommended,232090,16026290,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Gruntld,"It's KF, but prettier.Well done Tripwire"
,Recommended,232090,16034302,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Scnl,"If you need a life-saving blood transfusion then I don't recommend you play this game. Otherwise, continue the doshfest, lads. MONAY MONAY MONAY!"
76561197960289679,Recommended,232090,16092706,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Paranoia-2MB,"If you loved Killing Floor 1, then you are bound to love KF2.Even had a friend who didn't like KF1, but got KF2 anyways due to my stream and immediately fell in love with it.Sadly, you do not kill any floors, but you do leave some nice bloody messes on them.Action packed game, brutal  enemies, awesome kill shots, random slow mo which adds a lot to the game and the ♥♥♥♥ing best metal sound track you will ever hear...EVER!Game is worth every penny IMO.  Even better with friends!If you don't like this game, then you're either the type who hates FPS, blood and gore.  Or a zombie yourself!GET HYPE WITH THIS!"
76561198077860680,Recommended,232090,16097301,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,I.D.P.D. TerminAtor,This an awesome sequel to a somewhat mindless game. Fairly slow updates but worth the wait....nice perks and awesome gun shootings with mindblowing goriness!!!!
76561198153855731,Recommended,232090,16119818,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,McJangles,"You know how you used to have those dreams and ambitions of brutally slaughtering waves of zombies with your friends in Paris with the occasional sexy Transformers slow motion scenes all while a perfect soundtrack of heavy metal played to make every move you make extremely epic, even down to a fart?Have Triple AAA titles constantly let you down with things like:Lack of ambitionGood IdeasFinishing a game before releasing itEnough DLC to overcome the porn industry in size, and then have the DLC suck?Well its your lucky day, with Killing Floor 2, you don't have to worry about any of that.With graphics and gore so real that you feel like your actually there, with blood all over you and a warm sensation, only to realize yours hands are bleeding because you've played this 4 days straight and peed all over yourself because of how awesome this game is. The blood never goes away, so if your a shy psychopath like me, and wanted to paint something red aside from the traditional paint and brush, then Killing Floor 2 is the game for you.11/10. Would advertise a heavy metal induced gorefest again."
76561198000722106,Recommended,232090,16892025,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,a white male,Yes
76561198032827131,Recommended,232090,18035911,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,BulbaBlunt,"Paint the map in blood as you and your friends cut down hundreds of Zeds.10/10But really, this game, despite being in early access, is fully playable, features several different maps, 6 different classes (or ""Perls"") each of which change your playstyle and strategy greatly, and a fairly large arsenal of weaponry to pop Zed heads. Lots of fun to play with friends or solo."
,Recommended,232090,18037586,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,nom,good
,Recommended,232090,15671119,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Cpt. Dak Ripface Jr.,10/10 Super Spooky! so hold on to your spaghetti. Only play if your a veteran member of the Spookinati
76561198017029274,Recommended,232090,15828857,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,❤Detective Dashie❤,"The first Killing Floor was a good co-op survival game. It's sequel takes that and amps it up a bit. Sure, there's not much to it right now, but let the devs shoot out some updates before you go givin' it a bad name. It'll be much better by then."
,Recommended,232090,16250581,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Creez,This game gives a gorey action-pack fun to zombies. Upgraded with new EVERYTHING HOLY BALLS I LUH COCAINE 11/10 SEAAAAXXXXX!!!!!!!UPDATE: YOU WANT MORE SEAXXXXX.....WELL BUY IT RIGHT F**KING NOW..........AGGGGHHHH
,Recommended,232090,15481382,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Zaggaroth,Knifed a Fleshpound in half with basic Ka-bar knife in the first 20 minutes of playing. 10/10 would get murdered by papa scrake again.My sphincter puckered with absolute glee while playing.
,Recommended,232090,15481572,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,ThatGuyBud,"""Badass simulator 2015, Not enough blood - IGN™ 8.5/10"
,Recommended,232090,15481673,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Walrussian,"They took the best parts of Killing Floor, polished everything and added a bunch of awesome♥♥♥♥♥♥then released a completely outstanding sequel that has SO much to offer, even in early access! BRILLIANT!"
76561198066773808,Recommended,232090,15501807,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,PsychoticTicTac,"Do you like Gore?, Do you like slow-mo?, Do you want to blow monster's head's into bits and feel like a badass in the process?, Well I'd strongly recommend buying this wouldn't you say so!?"
,Recommended,232090,15501859,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Skunge,"This is still Killing Floor, but better in every way. The gunplay is fantastic, all the weapons feel very powerful and all the zeds feel nice and chunky as you paint the cealing with their blood. I don't see how Tripwire could possibly damage the flavour of this game by simply adding more content."
,Recommended,232090,15687033,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Alcatraz980,i will say they need to add more wapons but besides that i love the game the classes are fun and the zombie are god ugly and the new boss is a pain in the rear like bosses should be the gameplay is sound useing a gamepad for this is fun and the routes you can take to fight/avoild zombies is great the only flaws i see are they need more people and need more guns  well done other wise
,Recommended,232090,15909504,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Dr. avocado,"Fun game, you will really have a great time melee bashing the fat guy with your friends until he topples over. Now with easier leveling system that would normally take ages to grind in the previous game, it's much more faster and has higher levels with a new perk system.You can also stockpile your hard earned cash at the end of it all with physics along with dropped guns that won't despawn (for a really long time)."
76561198130599009,Recommended,232090,19280826,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Cloud*,"Firstly you  see how many hours I have played, I really recommend this game,you don't need high configuration of your computer and you can still have a exciting experience,when my first time to play this game I thought it was too hard to continue playing coz the zeds(zombies 'name) were too strong and 3 or 4 hits made people die,but later I found this game was so exciting!Sometimes in wave 10 people died everywhere and only me left,several scrakes and flesh pounds were chasing me.What I could do was to try to escape and kill them to rescue team,you would never understand how scary it was!This game requests the ability of good teamwork,if you would like to do something dangerous,KF2 would be your first priority.The disadvantages of this game is slow updating,the maps are updated so slow that player lose interests on this game and some weapons are really useless,each perk has 4 weapons for choosing,but one or 2 weapons are hardly chosen by player due to that they are really useless.I hope this game can be updating faster or the player would be decreasing,I'm still looking forward to new content.别的话不说，先看看我游戏时间。整体感觉很好，血腥及幻想暴力，不需要很高配置，你就能拥有非常享受的血腥刺激的杀戮体验。当初觉得很难，但是玩多了就会上瘾，游戏有很大的难度，曾经技术很差的时候在队友被团灭后独自一人拯救世界的感觉不能再好。说下优点：目前抢先体验版，画质还不错。武器特效还是不错的，怪物及地图做的很逼真。缺点：武器太少，还是个未成品却出开箱子系统挣钱，更新太慢了，也不知道这公司哪有这么多假可以放。武器虽然不是很少，但是有一小部分武器都被遗忘了因为根本没人用性价比太低。总之，游戏抢先版已经做这样还算不错了，每次更新后服务器爆满，这趋势后面会越做越好的。总体推荐这款游戏，喜欢杀戮，合作，画质控的玩家可以尽快入手"
,Recommended,232090,15482345,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,NamajnaG,"This was written during the early access. I might change it at a later time.Being an avid fan of the first title for slightly more than half a decade and having played a whole lot of KF1, here's what I have to say.Is KF2 good? Absolutely! Is it better than the first one? From what I've seen so far,IN MY OPINION, No. I am aware that this is still early access and I trust they will add more content in a near future.Bringing in a new wave of changes, the long-awaited bloody title Killing Floor 2 feels new and fresh. Most of the weapons so far are pretty sci-fi and unique, and only 4 classes are currently playable.The gameplay feels unique as heck, movements are much more fluid and dynamic than the first title,firing weapons are pretty much as advertised in the trailers and the berserker perk plays much better than in the first one, it has the ""kick"" that was missing from KF1. Very nice gunplay has been implemented and is bound to keep a few, including myself, hooked for a while!The graphics are pretty decent, however, it's lacking... colors. Everything feels grey just like in modern first person shooters.However, the big plus is the gore and dismemberment. If you're a sucker for intense gore such as myself, you will be fully satisfied as you dismember the zeds in millions of pieces whilst walking in their gibs. Take Soldier of Fortune, multiply by a thousand = KF2's gore.Now, let's talk about the soundtrack. If you expected a badass soundtrack even better than the first one, well, sorry to disappoint! Whilst KF1's soundtrack had some riffs that would probably make Hellhammer proud, most of KF2's metal tracks sound like every post-hardcore album ever released. I'm not gonna lie, the """"""""""Metal"""""""""" tracks on there are pure garbage. I'll stick to my own playlists.Of course, if you're someone that likes repetitive, simple, unoriginal riffs and breakdowns every 20 seconds, you're gonna be 100% satisfied with it!Atmosphere is a VERY IMPORTANT thing in a game for me, and KF2 doesn't cut it. It feels sci-fi as ♥♥♥♥ and robotic. I widely prefered KF1's Quake-like environments.It felt evil and demonic, it felt right for an ""Horror"" survival game. Now it feels like a Star Wars fleet with zombies on it, along with the winter map that feels like Sub Base from MW2. In my book, this is not good. Although, I am aware that some people will totally love it, and that won't prevent me from enjoying the game.Overall, the game feels different and has added great changes to the gameplay, and am ready to recommend it, but I know for a fact that I will be going back to KF1 every now and then.The old school feel to the gameplay of KF1 is not a bad thing and I really loved how they've done it. Both games are unique and great and no other game has had wave-based zombie survival as epic as Killing Floor in my opinion."
76561198022072240,Recommended,232090,15614015,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,roltrap1™,Boom make it go splat!!! Yeeeee
,Recommended,232090,15662294,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Silvanes,"While still in early access, this game is simply amazing, a true sequel. Improved graphics, that not only look good but runs smooth as well. Great for multiplayer, easily being able to drop in/out games and play with friends with ease. Gameplay still has that KF1 style of surviving hordes of zeds each wave and getting to the trader to restock. They included new zeds, and old ones but with different attack patterns and looks. Attacking is the same with a variety of weapons and melee weapons. Melee has been changed abit, new feature of being able to block and parry attacks. You can also smack zeds away with your weapon if your grabbed. The difficulty is spot on, the higher you go up, the harder it gets and it truely does get hard. It's still in early access so there are a few bugs(not many), little content with it only having like 4 perks and 3 maps. As time time goes on they will polish the game more and add additional content. I recommend getting this game."
,Recommended,232090,15730922,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,JonC,poor little monsters torning into pieces in slow motion. you'll definitely love it.
,Recommended,232090,15877374,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,cj,"Seriously a fresh sequel, absolutely amazing"
,Recommended,232090,17969122,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,innateprism2013,"on top of being a great zombie survival game. the cartoonish graphics make it even more fun and the music makes the game more entertaining and stressful(in a way a zombie game should make you) the eyes ofthe xombies were done really well, really make me a bit scared of them."
,Recommended,232090,18667429,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,RainbowGuzzler,"This game is incredible! Only thing i wish was different would be maybe another game mode and some kind of hint/tutorial system for new players to understand the way classes and skills work. Loving this game so far and can't wait to see the final game. This game has so much potential i have to give it a 4/5 and if it gets better (as im sure it will) when the game is fully published, it will have to be a 6/5!"
76561197987085076,Recommended,232090,15517747,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Croaker,Good stuff
,Recommended,232090,15520252,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Jops_1996,"Money Money Money 2 ~ The Spookquel""DOSH? GRAB IT WHILE YOU CAN LADS﻿!"" - Coming to a PC near you Winter 2016."
,Recommended,232090,16021545,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Flippity Flap,based tripwire based game would buy again 11/10
76561198039856731,Recommended,232090,18760057,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,SmeggyEggyDip,ye
,Recommended,232090,15576036,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Souleel,"Where to beginKilling Floor is one of the BEST zombie games you can get out there. Killing Floor, the sequel, has NOT failed to step up from the first one. Sure it's in early access, but early access IS early access, so there will be MUCH more contentThis game features 4 different classes (for now), involving Support, Medic, Beserker, and Commando. Each class plays a major role in this game, and each are VERY individual. Anyway, I recommend this game to ANYONE who likes to shoot zombies and have blood and guys fly all across their screen in slow motion."
,Recommended,232090,16124301,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,KlyptoDog,Yes
,Recommended,232090,15553369,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,LuC,DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSHDOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH  DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSHDOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH  DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSHDOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH DOSH
,Recommended,232090,17732792,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,[JP]zak XD¯\_(ツ)_/¯,this is good game indeed but* they still not have the old class and so many old gun you also can wait they update to buy but i hope they don't set the price more high www
,Recommended,232090,15638450,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,ozsoyluceyhun,"great game but what I don't like is the zed time, it should be local and manual, I dont know how but it might be on only for single plays. it is just waste of time for those who have no monsters around. maybe instead monsters could slow down while we keep our default pace...they say in max payne 3 multiplayer zed time is only applicable between 2 people in the fight, the others can see them in slow motion but can not intervene. I dont know the dev team should find a creative way to make zed time lovely for everybodysecondly what this game lacks is the option to be on monsters team. I think other 6 people can control the monsters in that once a monster is dead they can summon or take control of another monster immediately until the number of monsters in that wave is depleted. I think that would be a lovely addition to the game. to eradicate the human just like in the game plague. anyway the game interface dna and sound also looks like the game plague anyway so why cant we try to eradicate manking off this world??Edit: See? Short after release, I knew zed mode should be added, I should be the rewarded for my acurate predictions :))"
,Recommended,232090,15527904,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Catinthebrain,"Updating my review finally.They got it (fairly stable now) though nightvision is broken for bezerkers (thought it was broken but they moved it to Hold F) if you Hold F for Flashlight it will change to Nightvision. So some perks have dual Flashlight or Nightvision goggles.Aside from that minor detail, its worth the investment if you loved the first one.However the pittfall is, don't expect the same morbid humor throughout the game they introduced minor humor amongst characters that are not in control of the user anymore.But, it's not KF1 for humor sense / or spam.Custom maps are getting closer to the madness of KF1 now.However, upside is KF series lives onward. An it has kept one thing true, it kept the gore and its love for weapons.So, all in all if your a gun nut or just like me a hermit that loves classic shoot'em up games then its definately worth the money. Even if they are doing so many other things like focusing on in game purchases as that is the new age of gaming. Targetting the market and making them, buy.Anyways inspite fo the cosmetic surge of in game purchases it's still worth the purchases and i personally don't hold it against TW.I'm just glad KF lives onward.Definately was and is a memorable game like Doom/Quake was to me.Anyways, its still a ton of fun.Highly recommend it!Take care everyone! Enjoy this amazing co-op survival horror game. :) Check out the first edition if it goes on special an you never played it yet. (highly recommend you try that online if u do so, solo is pretty hard in KF1 if your unfamiliar with the game)."
,Recommended,232090,20405351,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Deputy Billy Bronco,Kill stuff.Buy Guns.Kill more stuff.Love it.
,Recommended,232090,15498531,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Scharren Slashshaw,"The gore is amazing, even on medium graphics settings! Tripwire realy has done a good job! I can't wait for the full version!~Likes:The GORN!The physics!That time I smacked a Cyst into a chair with the pulveriser and its reaction/posture were exactly what one would expect! (given physics)""CASH SHOWER!"" - DJ Skully (and the voice-overs in general)Dislikes:The Katana not getting any bonuses from the Berserker perk, making the Crovel a straight upgrade.*Limited weapon and perk selection.*The fact thet the Crovel's alt-fire is more reliable at killing Gorefasts/Clots then the Pulverizer's primary fire.*The pump-action shotgun has trouble killing Gorefasts with point-blank torso shots at low support levels/off-perk.**All of these are subject to change, obviously, I just felt the need to note them."
76561197992536860,Recommended,232090,21488153,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Nathan,"Killing floor 2 is to much fun, just the best game you could get out there with team work!!"
,Recommended,232090,21513841,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Venficus Infinitum,"Killed 7 fleshpounds, 9 scrakes, and numerous smaller clots and gorefasts as a gunslinger.""I'm a ♥♥♥♥ing badass!"" -Killed by an unseen crawler-15/10; would get ganked again."
,Recommended,232090,33215685,Posted: 3 July,all,Kinky Koala,"i said ""who the ♥♥♥♥ would want to play as a melee character in a zombie shooter, berserker is obviously the worst perk""then i tried berserker and its op as hell and everything else is garbage 10/10"
,Recommended,232090,15485210,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,el choscono,"Everything I liked about the original is in this. It's basically a reskin with a lot of improvements, and the devs are putting a huge focus on balance as they add more guns into the game. I'm having a lot of fun and it's only the first day!A couple cons, though:-The guns don't feel as powerful as they were in its predecessor, that kick doesn't feel present-The stalker is EXTREMELY hard to see. Before, they were more for punishing those who didn't keep a sharp eye out, but now they're pratically impossible to see until they get a good 1-2 hits into you.Tripwire is still putting a lot of work into this, however, and I'm sure it will be great in its final product regardless of my little gripes."
,Recommended,232090,15565808,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,SuperToaster ☠,"an epic game, the best co-operative game there is, nothing like getting squished by a FlashPound"
,Recommended,232090,15494351,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Syanthe,"KF2 is like attempting the ASL ice bucket challenge... with a bucket of blood! You'll be completely drenched in it, in the very best of ways.And the boss. We've nearly killed him twice, but lost when he was a few shots from death. A challenge that feels both legitamely doable, yet still properly hard"
,Recommended,232090,15497239,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,DanlexGaming,"This game is, well, a beefed-up, way better graphical version of KF1. Don't get me wrong, that's a good thing. I got this game and got exactly what I wanted: a badass zombie(specimen) survival game. Blood, gore, and explosions. Everywhere. Right now, there aren't near as many guns or maps as the original, but more will be added eventually (I hope).As an example of this game's wickedness, let me tell you a story.Me, a support-class wielding a combat shotty, and my buddy, a commando with an AK, were walking down a narrow corridor in a laboratory after killing a small horde of specimens (about half the wave.) We decided to grab a drink right quick,(bad idea) and come back to someone else, a medic, screaming over voice chat running towards us, bringing the rest of the wave with them (a lot of enemies). Slowly backing up, we start to unload all of our ammo on the buggers. Shell after shell goes into my shotty, and the specimens keep coming. The medic is hurrying to heal us both and we almost die on several occasions. We both run out of ammo for our primary weapons when there's only one enemy left. I ask my buddy where it's at, and he said to look back down the hallway. A flesh pound is running our way. I run and leave them two there.TL;DRThis game is uber-bloody and is worthy of the price tag 9/10"
,Recommended,232090,15571054,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Ziuwaz,"Simple idea, yet so much fun! Would recommend!"
76561198060619713,Recommended,232090,15639606,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Liam Gallagher,เป็นเกมที่ติดตามมาตั้งเเต่ภาคเเรกจนมาภาคนี้ก็ไม่ผิดหวังจริงๆปล.บอสตายยากขึ้นหรืออย่างไร คิดไปเองมั้ง
76561198107219242,Recommended,232090,16126880,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,The Milk Man,fantastic game overall
,Recommended,232090,15690752,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,SlimJongUn,Best game always interactive
,Recommended,232090,15587586,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,dan the wasteman,loadsa money11/10
76561198191137114,Recommended,232090,15687859,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Bitch_Buggy,Best Zombie based survival game there is out there. Addictive!
,Recommended,232090,17540219,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Bradford,Cuban Latu doesn't like this one.
76561198034069366,Recommended,232090,21492687,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Twisted Insta,"Although i do like KF 1 more, KF 2 is almost as good.  When more content is out i may come to like KF2 more.  I can now say that KF 2 is better imo."
,Recommended,232090,15489944,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Wasmasjien,money
76561197966619209,Recommended,232090,15523032,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Virck,"Iove the game, can't get enough of it, my only regret is how it'll probably be 6 month development cycle in between content patches, otherwise we'll have the TF2 gaming experience of buying user produced content.  Highly recommend playing it though!"
,Recommended,232090,15492797,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,BIX NOOD,"Easily the best game Ive played overall in a long time. I have been enjoying this like no tomorrow. I cannot wait for all the mods to come to this one.I rate this Tom Clancy out of Jim Carry.Great value, great price."
,Recommended,232090,15532962,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Domo Kun v1.9 beta (Report bugs),you can still run backwards.niaga yalp dluow 01/01
76561198048030452,Recommended,232090,15721060,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Kenzo,Bretty good 10/10
,Recommended,232090,15581402,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,zero_the_clown,"UPDATED AGAIN: The cosmetic items seem unintrusive at the time of writing. Also, there is a bearded character wearing a Demon Hunter shirt. That, plus how much fun the game is, easily gets my recommendation, despite the microtransaction bs.UPDATED: The game isn't even finsished and the developers have already shot themselves in the foot by hamfistedly announcing a microtransaction store. This game needs much more actual work before it gets extra features like this. Updates have slowed to a crawl, we are still waiting for 2 classes to be implemented, and heck, the game was ""supposed to be out of early access inside 2015."" As fun as the core game is, it has a lot of issues, and now with this going on, I would ask for a refund if I could.As my first early access game, I went into this with low expectations. What I had seen from the game looked great, but EA has a certain reputation. Well, Tripwire Interactive annhiliated this reputation, and released an early access game that is more polished and put together than most full releases nowadays. This game, from top to bottom, is amazing. The gunplay and shooting mechanics, the gore-soaked graphics, the heavy soundtrack, and the great map and enemy design make this my favorite game so far this year.  Thanks, Tripwire. Stay classy."
76561198135279694,Recommended,232090,15663837,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Paul,The best
,Recommended,232090,15510146,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,NeonSkyDemon,"If you want a beautiful love story about a man/women with a gun and a green zed that doesn't like to cut his nails, you will enjoy this. It's a story of you going from zed to zed and never finding the one. Till you meet...the green zed. (I especially like the part when hes stares into your eyes passionately)"
,Recommended,232090,15479531,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,you know i had to do it to em,thanks tripwire :~)
,Recommended,232090,15649754,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,GhostBlade,"The gameplay is complete, some bugs here and there. Balancing is there, but could be better. Waiting on the new perks and maps, can't wait for those! - The most monotonous review everEdit 1: The new update ""Incinerate N' Detonate"" just came out today. It's pretty amazing, a couple new perks, a couple new maps, more balancing. Keep up the good work, Tripwire.Edit 2: The ""Bulls-Eye"" content pack came out a while ago, wasn't all too hype for it, was alright.Edit 3: Full game coming November 18th, 2016, to PS4 as well. They still need to release 1 more perk. The ""Tactical Response"" update came out a week or so ago, pretty good. Good job, Tripwire.Edit 4: Probably one of the best games that have been in early access, and actually came out as a good game, I commemorate Tripwire on this, but not so much on the microtransactions."
,Recommended,232090,15543865,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Niko Needs Trophies,CHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORYCHECK MY INVENTORY
,Recommended,232090,15522699,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,♛bidik18♛,THATS THE BEST ZOMBIE GAME I EVER PLANYED IN MY LIFE
,Recommended,232090,15522684,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Iron Bucketesse,3 Maps.7 characters.Not so much weapons.A boss that throws a WWII greanades...But the game still GODDAMN AWESOME! DAT GORE! DAT ZED TIME! DAT GRAPHICS! TOTTALY DAT LARIVE♥♥♥♥♥ 10 NAZI BOSS ♥♥♥♥♥♥ OUT OF !0!
,Recommended,232090,15483644,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Irishman,Great game from what i played in the last 10 minutes nice verbal warnings for trader definatley looks good on the unreal engine would most certainly recommend this game to play didnt find any servers but it is the first day so i guess thats it can't wait to wait to play with other people
76561198095399757,Recommended,232090,18227455,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Strydusk,Expect to spend 10 minutes every now and then watching the last guy alive trying to kill Hans by himself and failing miserably.10/10 - would watch Hans chase someone across the map for 10 minutes again.
,Recommended,232090,29388606,Posted: 20 January,all,IHaveNoMercy,"Running this on a 980GTX 16gb Ram, i5 6500K 3.4ghz, 70fps with no drops, the optimization is amazing, but my rig is built to play these games perfectly, some older PC's will have trouble sadly.The Game is absolutely beautiful compared to its predecessor KF1, the team has put in alot of effort into the gameplay, classes, difficulty and overall replayability of this game.In Singleplayer you can choose how you want to play, short medium or long games (each decides how many waves before you face a boss, and the intensity of the enemies damage is based off the difficulty you set it too, and the best part of all now, YOU EARN XP FOR SINGLEPLAYER! hooray!In multiplayer you can play in dedicated servers or public lobbies, as an Australian I can tell you there is ALOT of very low ping servers too play on! and most people are friendly, the game has in-game voice chat which can be great for teamwork or some banter, after all it is a teamwork game, but you always want to be on the leaderboard at the end of the match,Consistent updating, never a dull moment, enjoy alone, with randoms or with friends! Its also fantastic to stream! :)Game on!"
,Recommended,232090,15541428,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,3punt1415,this is by far the best sequel for any game ever
,Recommended,232090,15500660,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Dizz,"Easily the most polished Early Access game I have ever played.Runs buttery smooth, looks great, no crashes (on my rig), fun as hell.The wait has payed off, boys.. though a new one begins at the same time (EA).."
,Recommended,232090,15502319,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,DarkMagic,It's got dosh physics10/10 would make it rain again
76561197989974287,Recommended,232090,22342768,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Murasaki,"Better. Worthy of a thumbs up now, but I'm still expecting plenty of post-launch love."
,Recommended,232090,15718098,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,notmitch,this game. its pretty good
,Recommended,232090,15507026,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Handsome Kaz,Loadsamoney!
,Recommended,232090,32623802,Posted: 21 June,all,woogiepooh2013,Game is very good and intertaining just that I got board after 1 game
,Recommended,232090,16049488,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,SureShot,"As of 5/28/2015, I am quite satisfied with Killing Floor 2. The game so far is pretty fun and has almost reached my expectations. Once the game has the Sharpshooter and Pyro it will have reached my expectations. The gore system isn't spectacular but it is definitely very polished and well done. The weapons are mostly realistic and I enjoy how they actually shot where they point, unlike COD and other quick paced FPS games. I got this game on its sale for $25.49 and it was definitely worth it. If you are a fan of the original game or like wave based survival shooters, then I highly suggest you check this game out.EDIT: After doing some further viewing of the gore system and after some of the game's updates, I am proud to say that KF2 has one of the BEST gore systems and physics that I have seen.EDIT 2: With the Return of the Patriarch pack out I have contracted the Slinger Fever. With the new Gunslinger class we get to use awesome and powerful pistols like the 500 Magnum, 1858 Revolver, Deagle, and M1911 to dispatch the original boss that is the Patriarch. Now all we need is Sharpshooter and I will be fully satisfied with this game.EDIT 3: Wow, it has been a loooong while since I updated this. With the new Summer Sideshow update we have tons of new stuff going on and other updates before this have added a ton of weapons and patches. Game is well worth the price tag right now."
,Recommended,232090,16120019,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Hawkeye Drake,"As a game, I wholly recommend this game. It's a fantastic game, and it's just very fun to play around with and will only improve with more content. However, with that being said, it is in Early Access. Meaning there are bugs and glitches, one such will not let you start the game at all (which is why I only have 8 hours on it as of the time of writing this review). So yes, it IS a good, no, great game, but I kind of wish I had waited a bit before I bought it, due to some bugs. Just keep that in mind before you pay $30 expecting something flawless and perfect.EDIT: If anyone has this issue, installing Nvidia PhysX from the _CommonRedist folder fixes it, even if you have an AMD card like me."
76561198010136927,Recommended,232090,15539327,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,[EDIM] Snowfosho,"Jezus man, Just buy it"
76561198009014374,Recommended,232090,15672716,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Mucows,cons: only 3 maps.
76561198045593622,Recommended,232090,30758275,Posted: 26 March,all,Ping-999,Killing zeds is always a good way to release stress
,Recommended,232090,16004669,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,SeIMesa,"This is what Early Game Access should look like. A fully playable game, with little to no-bugs, which allows the players to plan AND enjoy the game, while giving developers good feedback; without the hate-speech"
,Recommended,232090,16344071,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,mipi123,"I must say I had high expectations from this and they were more than fullfilled. I looked forward to this and I think it was worth the money and I payed a lil extra to get the digital deluxe edition straight away.The game is fun and addicting with nice graphics. If you want to look at you weapon shooting during zed time then this is the game for it :D. I enjoy the animation and the design of Zeds in general. The artbook had some nice information as well. Also you can customize your characters accesories I mean how cool is that.What is bad on this? Well the fact that there are 4 perks, Medic, Support, Commando and Berserker all of them have like 4 weapons in the shop. Then there is off perk flamethrower and katana but again this is early access and I am pretty sure they will add BUNCH more weapons and more perks. My suggestion for perks is add Demolitionist it was my favorite perk.To sum it up the game is fun, addicting, good graphics the artbook has some usefull information and history of the zeds and game itself, something like a little story. Indeed worth the money ^_^"
76561198031985581,Recommended,232090,16054784,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,BobaJob,"Kill Zombies with very realistic weapons and fun maps.Graphics are a feast, plenty of gore and body parts in the mix.The previous game had alot of player content and I am hoping for the same with this one.Extremely satisfying to shoot body parts / headshot zombies, Just like real life.Nuff said."
,Recommended,232090,15484984,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Vaycron,"It is killing floor nothing else needed, get it!"
,Recommended,232090,32909544,Posted: 27 June,all,T H I C C,Since when does shooting zombies and stuff isnt good?
,Recommended,232090,18689731,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Lazt-Wordz,"Fun, gory, violent and a hint of frightening terror.A renewed version of its predecessor, but retains the same core gameplay.Terrifying nice graphics, disgustingly good sound design, morbidly cool gameplay. Tripwire Interactive has come up with elements I didn't even know I wanted in a Killing Floor game. I compliment their innovation.Killing Floor 2 is equipped with an in-game store with developer and community made weapon skins and outfits for sale. The samecrate 'n' keysystem as seen in CS:GO. These assets  are only cosmetical and does not affect gameplay. As long as this system stays this way I can accept it as part of Killing Floor 2.Game developing takes time. Balance adjustments and fixes for game breaking bugs are pushed fast, but you'll have wait for the every other month content addition. Since Tripwire has clearly communicated that this is an early access title, this is something you got to settle with.Killing Floor 2 is funEDIT 26. August 2016:I freakin' love this game! The content packs feels really solid!"
76561197998815021,Recommended,232090,15512942,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,DrDonut,DOSH DOSH DOSHHH!!!
,Recommended,232090,15763550,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Adjutant Avocado,"Super fun, pretty polished already. Very few noticeable bugs. Somewhat repetitive in current state due to low variety."
,Recommended,232090,26677346,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,FoxBoss,Love it
,Recommended,232090,15935769,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,nucky,"Right now, it's got so many less features than its predecessor, it's only got 4 base maps, 4 classes and not many weapons to want me to replay a level unless it's with friends. The graphics are a definite step-up from KF1, and the gore system is awesome, but I would wait for a big sale, or until the full release."
,Recommended,232090,16084851,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,TXJ,"Amazing, just amazing"
,Recommended,232090,15501622,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Katar,"Killing Floor 2 has the potential to be a good game, with the keyword being potential.It shows great concept, you hook up with a couple of friends or strangers and kill Zombies, called 'Zeds', and try to survive with your friends or strangers anyway you can. The gameplay is fast and fun, the guns work well, and the gore is over the top. The game world while pretty at a glance looks really mediocre when you give items and objects a closer look, but that's ok, because if you're playing Killing Floor 2 for the graphics you're doing it wrong.You should also understand that this game is full of early acess bugs and issues that need tweaking at the time of this review. The only included Boss, Hans, has a toxic cloud attack that doeswaytoo much damage and has an absurd  amount of health that really needs tweaking. The limited amount of guns included at launch offer no variety and are pretty much tradeups to get the best and most expensive gun for your class. While that would be ok in a wave based game like Killing Floor, it gets old quickly as you often have enough dosh or cash to buy the best guns by round 3 by the latest. It makes everything feel uninspired and boring as every round you're just constantly grinding until you can finally get your SCAR-H and sell your varmit rifle, it would be nice to see more variety in guns to offer more playstyles to play around with instead of the linear grind to getting the most expensive shiny weapon for your class. I feel like the ability to buy attachments would be a good way to remedy this, as you could lets say outfit the Bullpup with a bigger mag coupled with it's low recoil effectively turning it into a psuedo-LMG.As with many early access titles, the game suffers from bugs, and alotof them. When you buy a weapon with a flashlight in your primary slot and you have another weapon with a flashlight(usually the starting Varmit Rifle) it will switch you over to your secondary gun when you press F to activate your flashlight usually in the middle of a firefight. Another weird bug I've encountered is when you lose to the boss the screen will stay focused on him for a while and will not go into the overview screen for about a minute or two. It's extremly annoying and keeps you from seeing your stats or jumping into another game quicker and it should really be adressed in the next update for this game. Another issue is a framerate problem the game seems to have where the screen will stutter for a second or two like it's trying to catch up before everything goes back to normal. I haven't recorded FPS for this game yet, but I'm running ths with a GTX Titan Black on my main rig so it seems to be a game issue. But the big question is 'Would I reccommend this game for 30$?' Yeah I would.Killing Floor 2 has the potential to be a good game, even a great game, but it doesnt even feel half finished and suffers from bugs and other problems that need to be addressed. Tripwire has always been good on keeping up on updates and bugfixes and keeping their words if Killing Floor 1 is anything to go by. Think of Killing Floor 2 as an 'investment game', something you buy and hang around for the ride and the expierence of watching it grow and being apart of the community that helps it achive that growth into something great. If that doesn't sound appealing to you, you may just want to skip this game until it gets more meat on it's bones and goes on sale one of these future days.  If that does sound appealing to you, grab Killing Floor 2, some Dosh, and your bowler hat and come onto the Killing Floor. You won't be disappointed."
76561198002024935,Recommended,232090,32598090,Posted: 20 June,all,Cucco Lion,Great game to play with friends.
76561198295771262,Recommended,232090,32600061,Posted: 20 June,all,JKolt,Really fun!
,Recommended,232090,16016612,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,DavidTheWise™,Guts.Goar.Dosh.
,Recommended,232090,15774916,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,-=[RK]=- MGMonkey,All the awesomeness of Killing Floor 1 but with better graphics and animations. An early-access game that shows what early-access games should be like.
,Recommended,232090,32599993,Posted: 20 June,all,✠ *Flashback* ✠,Teached me to value dosh.Thanks Killing  Floor.Would be rich again 100/10
,Recommended,232090,32329299,Posted: 10 June,all,Darrian1337,it sucks
76561198027935268,Recommended,232090,33531668,Posted: 14 July,all,TerrorTwist,"Games don't get much more intense, badass and beast than this!"
,Recommended,232090,15605214,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Revvit,"Even though this game is literally in its infancy, the game was coming for a long time to wait, and I have to say, it is awesome. The game might have only four perks and only three maps to spare for now, but later as time passes by, there will be more perks, maps, and especially weapons added to the game. If I had to say one thing about this game, it is awesome. Yeah, there might be a few bugs and glitches in the game, but remember: It is still in beta."
,Recommended,232090,33151243,Posted: 2 July,all,Certified Samurai,"This game has such diversity, not seen in any other games i have played.I can play as a black manIN A POLICE OUTFIT"
,Recommended,232090,15494499,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Shaggs,"Super polished beta for early access,they are releasing it in parts so that they can balance it. totally worth it!"
,Recommended,232090,33537392,Posted: 14 July,all,caramelbacon43242,it gud
,Recommended,232090,15485930,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,DarkDemon,"A massive step up from the first KF, more detailed gore, more blood, more killing and more in-depth characters.Floor is still unkillable though. 10/10"
,Recommended,232090,19468128,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,_bear,is good
,Recommended,232090,15498408,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Neko Ragafraga,its great even in the early acsess
,Recommended,232090,16746046,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Static,"i like this game but only has 4 maps so far, and not many guns :/ its about 5-6 guns for each class."
,Recommended,232090,17085198,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,The Hitman,"great graphics, great, smooth gameplay"
76561198070609772,Recommended,232090,16984217,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Fury161,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥..this game is amazing!!! I am an avid left 4 Dead fan, and pretty much a fan of all things gory, so naturally this game blew me away in every aspect. For those of you who are like me and knew nothing about Killing Floor/Killing Floor 2, it is a 6 player Co-op team driven Fps, with buckets of blood and incredible monsters. In a way this game brings me back to the days when The Suffering was in my Xbox with its moster designs and excessive brutality. However, Single player really only exist if you are looking to bring your skill level up for harder modes, and playing by yourself can and will get overwhelming at times. For an early access game, Killing Floor 2 is as good as it gets. So find some friends, grab some beers, and let the murder begin!"
76561198045886909,Recommended,232090,16188065,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Gentlementleman,*SPOILER*you don't actually kill the floor
,Recommended,232090,25860470,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Crimm,"The only wave-based survival game I've ever played where enemies don't come in waves, but rather teleport to a spot where you were conveniently not looking."
,Recommended,232090,26777182,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,oregano ⛧,"Compared to other games that were in early access, this clearly shines above the rest. It is clearly poslished and is extremely fun to play multiplayer with friends."
76561198077978685,Recommended,232090,26845677,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rigby Ichor,"i've played this game for more than 100 hours, so let me be one of the many people to tell you: it;s very hard to make this game boring. i can get bored of some games, we all do, but this is one i cant help but come back to in my times of need."
,Recommended,232090,25586094,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Jäger,"An amazing game for an Early Access state. Play this game with friends and have massive fun shooting weird zombies in the head.Again, play with friends."
76561197960407080,Recommended,232090,26695642,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,CanNerZ,"At a glance:If you are in to shooters, wave based or not - and CO-OP you will enjoy thisIf you enjoyed Killing Floor you should love KF2Not a fan of the VS mode, KF at heart is a CO-OP. But you dont HAVE to play it1 Complaint:Why is the music not synced between players as in KF1? You are even giving us the names of the songs now in game (awesome), but we are not enjoying the same song at the same time any longer. :(Review:KIlling Floor 2 is a masterpiece of a wave based co-op shooter. It has a difficulty for everyone, perks (classes) with customization of the skills for each playstyle, a new added plethora of aethstetic customization options, and a good amount of weapons to start (If the first Killing Floor was an example, we will get many, many more). The weapons all feel, and handle very nicely, while all being satisfying to use + all with their own ups and downs. The melee is where the games combat gets even more impressive, with directional combat, parrying, and many limbs to cut off.If you enjoy wave based shooters and co-op games, I would HIGHLY recommend this game.Personal Experience?Killing Floor brought me and my close friends a great amount of good times and fun. Between the endless amount of maps, weapons, and characters (all over time) - mixed with the holiday events, made this game fun and excited everytime you booted it up.When we heard that Killing Floor 2 was comming out on early access, we jumped right on it. I grabbed us a 6 pack of the game and handed it out to my close buds, as well as my wife. It started slow but every single update seemed to bring more and more to the game. It was almost a direct copy of KF1 as far as game play. Mixed in with the newest verion of Unreal and  a new feature of liquids, visceral gore etc., KF2s gore was the most noticeable difference. The music was spot on with the same band, and some songs as the first (not sure why the music isnt synced across all players like it was in KF1. It was great to all be slaughtering to the same great song).By the time release came, we had played so much and had so much fun that we forgot it was in early access, because the game was always in a far better state than most games that are sold as ""finished"".KF2 has become a daily play for my wife, my close friends, and of course myself.We are eagerly waiting for more weapons, maps, and most importantly HOLIDAY EVENTs!Again, I would HIGHLY recommend this game."
,Recommended,232090,26813019,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zack,"Awesome game, fun alone or with friends, looking forward for the next updates!"
76561197976913164,Not Recommended,232090,23606772,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Phen,"This game would not run on my PC.  I can run the every one of the other 580+ other games I own on steam, but it is my fault.  Huh?Guess what?  Refund.Eat it, ashwipe."
,Not Recommended,232090,24182794,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Kaio,Scumbag move is an understatment when a game is way behind schedule for release and you add a ♥♥♥♥ing loot crate system to an UNFINISHED game. Instead of actually polishing the singleplayer experience Tripwire has avoided it by adding worthless multiplayer and a loot crate system. The gaming industry is in shambles.
76561198016686103,Recommended,232090,26697045,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Silverbird,"I was gonna blow this game off because they introduced microtransactions before release, but considering how early access goes alot of times, it was probably just wrong-place wrong-time; someone got too easy a job and finished a little too early, and everyone got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at it.Early both in the sense that the game still wasnt finished itself, and that microtransactions were still new to the market, and everyone still hated them to death. Microtransactions are in everything now, and the most anyone can ask for anymore is that they don't affect gameplay itself, which in this title, along with other good titles like the trending bf1, microtransactions DONT affect gameplay whatsoever.If nothing else, I'll buy it because it's another zombie game, and people hardly make any anymore, even though I still love em..."
,Recommended,232090,26771400,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Big Boy Bimbus,This is an awesome game if you like killing♥♥♥♥♥♥and love gore
76561198063457042,Recommended,232090,26677838,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Tugg Speedman,"Now that this game is out of early access, I can officially review it.  I'll keep it short.  Buy it"
,Recommended,232090,26854367,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,plasticbags,"Easily one of my favourite games on Steam to play, especially with a few friends."
,Recommended,232090,26602429,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Shiro,HIGHLY RECOMMENDED TO PLAY WITH FRIENDSsolo is fun but gets boring really quicklyIf you're into grinding then this game is for you
,Recommended,232090,26765335,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DangitJon,"This is a great game. The gameplay, community and basically everything else is great.10/10"
76561198193347819,Recommended,232090,28348719,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Major Tom,"Hanz and the Patriarch sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S-I...N.....    Wait, no, thats ****ed up.JUST GO KILL SOME ZEDS ALREADY!!!!!!"
76561198111892548,Recommended,232090,25167607,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Dembo,"Dev's are terrible when it comes to talking with their customers.They have introduced paid (cosmetic) content in EARLY ACCESS insead of concentrating on the actual game.Oh and the last thing, patches come out every other millenium...So why am I giving it thumbs up?Answer is simple: I still enjoy the game very much! Guys, I'm sorry... I know, but i cannot simply not reccomend this game when it gave me so much pleasure and offered a great way to blow off some steam, hang out with friends and just have some good time killing bloody ZEDs.KF2 is one of the most solid early access games I've seen. It's not buggy, game works like a charm (at least for me - except those issues right after gunslinger and sharpshooter patch). Graphics are beautiful when it comes to colouring and playing with light and shadows, which only enhances the experience while blowing someone's head into little peaces... damn it's just so relaxing after a tough day.It feels like a modern version of an old KF, there are changes but I think most of them (not all) are for the best.Although there's still not so much content especially when it comes to weapons you can use I can truly recommend it to anyone who wants to dive into a solid no-brainer and simply have some fun. Cause that's all the videogames are about, right?"
76561198037633327,Recommended,232090,26696586,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,alba.troxx,"I see many KF1 fans whining, and I don't know if they have a point. At this moment all I can really tell is that I am having a ♥♥♥♥ing blast with this."
,Recommended,232090,26805589,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ReVeS,One of the best gore game !
,Recommended,232090,26845517,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheOmegaSpacemas🅱er,"I have to say, that KF2 is pretty ♥♥♥♥in' good even when you compare it to the first one. BUT what the ♥♥♥♥ is that survival class and why are there so few weapon choices for every class. They even baited us with classes they cancelled. And since full release the game takes ♥♥♥♥in' forever to load. There are a few other things that bug me with the game, but that's personal taste.Still all in all it's a good, fast and most importantly fun game you can play with ya friends for quite some time and it's definitly worth the money."
,Recommended,232090,26858798,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ᛋᛋ[ARA] ErwinRommel1942ᛋᛋ,"Much guts, such guns. A very nice upgrade from KF1. If you loved KF1, you'll adore AND love KF2."
,Recommended,232090,25577344,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Vladstar,Amazing game.
,Recommended,232090,32553859,Posted: 18 June,all,Apollo,"Great co-op game. If you are a returning play from the first game I'd recommend it.Pros-Fluid gameplay. I love getting in a rhythm when I play games and this game gives healthy breaks inbetween waves. On higher difficulty the game really speeds up and gives very intense fun.-Fun game mechanics that make the game feel unique. Things like popping heads off zeds and static blood give the game a really 'metal' vibe.-Great Developer/Game constantly looked after and updated-♥♥♥♥♥in' soundtrack-Mostly friendly community. Toxic players only really impact gameplay if they come in groups.-Extremely good game to play with a group of close friends. The first one did this well to.Cons-Another unessecary/uncomfortable grind to level up perks. This game is a great timekiller, but it can really get old if you make it your primary game of play. If I wanted to grind I would go play WoW.-If you have bad internet the game would be very difficult to play. Anytime my ping goes above 100 on a server, the difficulty in getting headshots goes way up. This is a big deal on high difficulties where you need to be killing zeds with every shot.Neutral-Not a fan of the skin system that games like GS:GO have. The skins aren't at all associated with skill, yet some people still percieve it that way. It's cool if you have money to blow though."
76561198088103161,Recommended,232090,16562041,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,◢☣闇ŞťyŁęЯz愛☣◣,Gg
76561198027856133,Recommended,232090,16747120,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,MrDoodlebugs,it's fun. better than killing floor 1 by a lot so if you liked that then get this and shoot things XDDD
,Recommended,232090,16984587,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,melahuac,"if you like L4D, Killing Floor 1 and most zombie horde shooters, KF2 is the best as it gets, even if its in EarlyAccess its a must have heavy duty heavy FPS hitter in my book. Tons of servers and games always going on always open lobbies and different difficulties. Worth it for the fun and definitely the fact it will have as much as 50% more content when its fully released. For now this is a definite game to get if you want a cutting edge zombie horder shooter, and a no brainer if you like L4D. Get KF1 first if you can but overall I say get both, I play both just as much (KF1 slightly more). Full controller support in KF2 and i use pgp in KF1 perfectly."
76561198057429814,Recommended,232090,16984968,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Noheals,"If you like KF 1 then this game is a must have. Looks great, runs great, and is just as much fun as the first game. Essentially Killingfloor 1 + Amazing graphics+ Cool perk system + more classes + plus 10000% more gore = KillingFloor 2"
76561198161946503,Recommended,232090,25166550,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,polarbears77,"get it on sale. get it with friends, make one friend with nice PC make a private server, play this game until your life is gone. get it while it's in early accsess, dont buy this game for full price later. you'll have hours of fun with your friends. if you get all 6 friends to pitch $20 you can buy the 6 pack. cant wait for the game modes they will be coming out with."
76561198021917628,Recommended,232090,25319443,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Scooper,Helped cure my depression. 10/10
,Recommended,232090,25522857,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Muhammad Avdol,"I firts tried this when there was free weekend and about 3 weeks later I bought it. Game is super fun with friends and alone. Only things i have to say that need ""fixing"" are : 1.How much time it takes to start the game, especcialy with older computers. 2.I wish that all perks would get a little extra carry wight, especcialy berserker whose weapons wight like hell.9/10 The game is beutifyll (even with my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pc) and hell of a much fun. Can't wait to see what the rest of the perks are."
,Recommended,232090,26837865,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Robert Baratheon,"Lots of Gore, lots of guts, lots of Fun!"
,Recommended,232090,15884926,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Grad3x,"Early Access - Initial (content) releaseThe game is already buckets of gory fun, very polished in terms of gunplay, graphics, sounds, physics and more or less AI. However, not all is in place yet, and I agree, that many gameplay elements need tweaking..I like bullet points, so let's do some:(Some) Features I found pleasing in this versionDaayum so sexeygunplay!It makes the game worth playing alone! (This includes weapon models, animations and the overall feel of slaughter)Very fitting, high quality and enjoyablegraphics, which run well on my mid-class pc on ultra settingsSound designis great and creates the atmosphere to feel badass or♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself depending on the situationThis is part of sound design, but I'd separately mention thesoundtrack, which has the exact same feel of the KF1 OST, and that is a great thing for me *thumbs up*TheCharacter designis also a strong point, especially the Zeds, a huge step forward from the first gameNot only the character looks, but theiranimationsare way advanced from KF1, and in a good way. It makes the fights all that more enjoyable (and harder to deliver head shots) to see this fluid and lively movement everywhere! (well, moves can hiccup at times during rapid movements, but it's a very minor thing)Now (some) things, that are bugging me to various extentsI found the game, as of now, pretty damnhard! I love myself a good challenge, but even as a level 5 Commando, the boss, Hans on MEDIUM feels super hard to beat, due to his devastating attacks and fast running, which makes you constantly have to sprint, that blocks reloading, and so it's hard to fire at him most of the time (solo and team as well). Starting from Hard, even the weakest zeds gain a lot of punch, so I guess I'd have to level up to around 10 to poke at Hard with confidence, BUT......Leveling up, even though I love the idea, but it takes considerable time to even reach level 5, and the passive bonuses per level aren't that game changing mostly.. So there are theperksyou can gain every 5 levels, that give much more useful bonuses, but I feel it will take me LOADS of grinding on Medium(!), just to unlock a perk or two that makes me potent enough to have a fair chance at Hans on Normal... Good thing the gunplay shifts my attention most of the time ^^As mentioned above,Hans Volter, the evil nazi scientist boss... is truly an evil damage spam machine. I don't find him a fair fight: he runs too fast, and so is always up in your♥♥♥♥♥♥ spraying bullets or showering nades right where you would run,if you had the time, but even doing nothing else but sprinting away, the splash damage gets you almost always. So when do you shoot him? When you have full health and reloaded by some lucky coincidence, for the time of emptying your clip; and then you sprint again, hoping Hans will slow down somewhere a bit... Oh, and he also likes to recharge his WHOLE hp pool from a player at times, catching them without fail, and holding them in place for a bit. So long story short, I'd need a Sharpshooter and Demoman class, so the teams can properly fight him. :dAnother thing that I have in mind, is the kind ofslow gun reload timesthat can frequently break the flow of combat, and have you getting beat up in those seconds of slow walking and reloading. I guess, though, this could be countered with a high level passive bonus, or a specific perk, but it still feels more uncomfortable for me, than it was in KF1.TheBerserkershave some problems with their bonuses, and I feel they will need some balancing before they get as fun as in KF1. Also, why the heck is the katana an off-perk weapon?!......Anyway, I may have spent more time detailing problems, but they aren't really dragging the whole experience down. The game is worth getting even now, and I'm sure it will be just constantly getting better with those updates. ;)"
,Recommended,232090,15901291,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Vod,"At the moment, I can't give a conventional rating of the game due to it's Early Access state, so all I can say about KF2 is that it's ""promising"".I say that because it's a mixed bag right now. On the one hand, then stuff they've given us is generally good, with some new features and improved graphics being a few. On the other, what we're given is minuscule. At the moment, there are only 3 maps and 4 perk trees, so the replay value is quite low. It's like a taster session; a preview of what is to come over the following months of development. But the stuff we have now is quite impressive as it is.The perk trees have been changed and tweaked slightly, now having 25 levels per perk, and every 5 levels you unlock one of two skills which provide additional bonuses. For example, Supports can choose between extra ammo capacity or an ammo backpack that everyone on your team can use to refill ammo once per wave, Medics can sacrifice healing potency to allow armor repair, or they can start with free body armour and have a massive discount on armour purchases. unlike the previous game, where you had to fill out tedious and drawn out requirements in order to level up, it now follows a traditional XP system, while retaining specific objectives to fit the role, with Commando's killing Stalkers and Supports welding doors. The graphics and gore have received an upgrade, with the various maps having excellent detail and reflections, and environmental and player made fires brightening dark areas. The gore now also goes further than simple decapitations and dismemberment. Shooting a Zed in the chest with a shotgun splits the torso into several parts, bits of skull and flesh can be more easily seen when a head explodes, and you can slice a Zed clean in half or veering to the right, leaving the left half attached to the waist.As of now there is only one boss, an augmented scientist called Hans Volter, who is more agile than the Patriarch and has a stereotypical German accent. It's a cool idea on paper, but right now he's a bit imbalanced, as he can spam an area with grenades, nerve gas bombs, and dual wield STG's that rip through armor like chainsaw through wet toilet paper. Once you know what to do however, he does get a bit easier, but he is still a royal pain. There are also new characters mixed with a few old favourites such as Mr. Foster, and can also equip different bits of clothing to add variety in a match. Sadly, not all of them have the infamously silly Cockney accents, with some having French, Dutch and Japanese accents. I can excuse it however, as the game is no longer centered in the UK, and the outbreak has supposedly spread beyond Europe.If you're a huge fan of Killing Floor, then I highly recommend it. If you're new to the series, I'd still recommend it, but good things come to those who wait."
,Recommended,232090,16109655,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Soup2504 the garage girl,it's
,Recommended,232090,15795890,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Snik,"Weapons are super satisfying and heads explode just right. It scratches that FPS co-op itch very nicely.Even though the alpha experience/levels will be wiped upon launch, it still pulls me back in to play regularly, which tells me I'll be playing this for a long time in the future."
,Recommended,232090,15818291,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,EchoZero0ne,"Awesome Game, the old perks are still there, weapons as well. It feels much more intense than the previous Killing Floor, I'm quite satisfied . It's still an early access game, so there's more to be expected! :D am always looking up for an update. Though there is one particular thing that i find it frustrating, on the boss level, boss could actually shoot through a close door. Which is abit odd. But i'm sure the developers could sought that out."
76561198002001835,Recommended,232090,15531476,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Macaque,Why haven't you bought this yet?
,Recommended,232090,15827800,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Quartermain,WHO SHOT THE FRAKKING SCRAKE??!??!!?!!!! ;)
,Recommended,232090,15851436,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Axelholyfist,"Killing floor 2 has to be my top game of 2015 on the fact that i have been waiting awhile for it to come out and i have to say it was worth the wait.+New foes with new attack as you ramp up the difficulty+Old returning friends and foes+New boss right from the start+Graphics blew me away+Weapon handling and use makes you feel more badass than the first game+Haven't heard a really good soundtrack since skyrimThe down side i would say is you can't create a private lobby with friends (yet) and just needs more maps, weapons, zeds  and more bosses with different tactics to beat them.Overall one of the best games i have played and i can't wait to see what the developers do next."
,Recommended,232090,15868251,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,L-713ie3LI\!3M(%^B^&I1578e,"Early Access Review, nothing much to say but very well done by Tripwire Interactive! Not much content yet in this game but a worth upgrade from KF1 to KF2 ! Filling up the room with blood and guts everywhere. Just be sure to get a good PC/Laptop for the recommendations or it will be sad :P. Just be warned that the Scrakes and Fleshpounds have eaten the wrong medicine."
76561198069458400,Recommended,232090,15874578,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Faffy Bungler,"Iz gud. Sexy invisi♥♥♥♥♥es and sexy scrakes. There is also a map called scrakes on a plane, so you can tell it is a good game. 10/10 would have bought for 60 :3UPDATE: The addition of the new map (a newer version of KF1's manor/mansion map) has brought even more to the table for this game. I am personally a fan of the necklace ""minigame"" on this new map and cannot wait for the other perks to be introduced."
76561198011877455,Recommended,232090,15836978,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Joe,"This is the first early access game that I have bought, and it feels really polished. The weapons are distinct and feel really satisfying to use. The attention to detail is impressive. It's more challenging than before. Animations have been improved and Zed's are more dangerous; they can run and use different attacks depending on the difficulty. Graphics have been enhanced and the persistent blood is a nice feature. The gore system has improved, making for even more carnage!The game looks to be very promising at this stage, and with more perks, weapons and maps, it's only going to get more exciting. Hopefully they add some new modes, because that would give the game more variety.Update:There are six perks and maps in the game now. The game is fun, but does get repetitive. If you're thinking of buying Killing Floor 2, you may want to wait some time. The game has the potential to surpass the original game, but at the moment it needs more balancing and content. I'm still going to continue playing Killing Floor 2, but I'm going to go back to the first game."
,Recommended,232090,16006477,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Nathan,"Great Game! Highly recommend. May be in Beta, but it provides you with lots of content and pure Zombie massacring fun"
,Recommended,232090,16551847,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,HellwasHere,"You can destroy a specimen in  1000 different ways.In all seriousness though, i think this game is one of the best survival wave based game out there, i played them all, COD zombies, Gear of war horde mode, Mass effect 3 MP coop, and this is overall the better of the bunch.It has tons of guns, tons of maps, tons of classes, amazing shootting mechanics, most of the guns are VERY different ffrom each other and the sound design is amazing, feels good to shoot a gun in this game!Maps are also very different and varied, theres 16 maps atm in this game, its a lot of content for what you pay for this game!If your looking for a horde based survival shooter, look no further, this is it! Also, im not a graphics person, but this game has amazing AAA quality visuals."
76561198180750462,Recommended,232090,17480727,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,bronzebow777,Let's just put it this way I have gotten over sixtyhours into this game when they only havefour perks and like four official maps at this point.This is a great game with some pretty bigdifferences depending on who you ask betweenthis game and the Original Killing Floor.I totally think this is worth a buy even at this pointbecause lets be honest this game is better thenprobably the majority of FPS shooters out thereeven when it is unfinished.If you enjoyed Killing Floor then you willprobably enjoy this game as well. When they do finallyupdate the amount of perks and even the rest of the contentas promised (like bringing back the Patriarch among other things)then this game will be on the top of my list.Disclaimer this game is  *not* finished which doesntmean it is a bad game it just means that when it finallyis it will be a great game
,Recommended,232090,16845840,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Make America Fap Again,"10/10 last zombie of my teams wave glitched through the floor, He was killed by the floor."
76561198104711928,Recommended,232090,17572667,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Kurabiye,Oyun harika ötesinde ama erken erişimde olduğu için sınırlı sayıda silah var ve perk leveleri fulleyince yapıcak pek bişi kalmıyor o yüzden tavsiyem elinizde KF1 varsa onunla idare edin erken erişim bitince direk satın alın :)
,Recommended,232090,17790650,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Lowrater,"Killing Floor 2, is a zed-slaughtering mayhem game, where we run between 6 players in a horrifying world with monsters.I have played the original Killing Floor since i was in school with the boys, and the new upgraded and new released Killing Floor 2, have placed some new standards that makes the in-game experience unforgettable. Not only is there new graphics, advanced mele weapons, smarter enemies, new feeling by using the guns, new sounds, Enviorments, ranking system, and gore.When talking about gore, we can blow the enemie in every single piece. This gives a unique feeling of realism while sprinting around with a smile on your face, when you see arms and legs flying in every direction. Speak of shooting, the handling and feeling of using the guns is as real as it could be. Not only does we have a ranking system that matters, but a enviorment that matches the overall experience while walking as a killing machine.Yet that the game is in EA stage, and has some missing content, the game still statisfy you in everyway. So if you remember or like the orignial killing floor game, and want the best of tripwire's developers, then this game is definitely worth the upgrade for the unique moments."
,Recommended,232090,17842352,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Br8h,"Heer is goof gaff an layff for joo pakdookadel u see I plai dis gam ees call keel floor too and is real good jus dos no have deh singril player story is jus bad u kno i mean it sterts the story all about huw dee wess filidelpha grow up and deh uncle in holliwood wit deh cash and ees not good u kno wer is craltron an wulll smitt u no i jus feel like dis not det grood ees missink dis spice u no wit the krinkle bit of the graphix cause das reilli wat the spice is about u kno and i feel like judobaby relly messd dsi one up okie guis okei i sayd it I let u dimmadown and i pay large prise for dees deed I dimmadid I aem disgrace to dimmadome forgeev me turner timm. Ogre all ess ten/corhy -Nidas have a swell day 4 me k u mak me feel grasefil in miy happies. Dis feel is ggr8 lik tuni tigurr on frost flakks ja? U feel dis. I feel dis an is goud. goud as the father shood and das wat fatheur hurlie calls miller time yeas is nice an mak flaky topping for nize filthy srirachii shromp all hailll shayman. so kf2 gieebe de nise fisics so it mak rall niss gud tim ja i rate dis tootin rootin pootin u kno caus deh snakk in my beut yaes.So Toi sturi 2 bes gram of year now her is word frim arr sponser yaess ""It ain't eezy beein cheezy"" - Chester Cheeda"
,Recommended,232090,17859699,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Jamieee,Got killed trying to kill the floor.10/10
,Recommended,232090,17903453,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Papa Woody,"great game, great fun...  optimized well (almost unheard of in todays games) and extremely satisfying.  From the gunplay to the dismemberment of Zeds, Killing Floor 2 is amazing.  Best when played with friends."
,Recommended,232090,17903451,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Felix Argyle,"ZOMBIES, SWORDS, GUNS, KILLING. YES"
,Recommended,232090,17913961,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,AgentOfAsgardia,"This is just pure videogame fun. Shooting feels great, zeds die in cool ways, tons of gore, awesome soundtrack. Buy this game."
76561198027401239,Recommended,232090,17917721,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,CTi Matt127,Everything I was promised.
76561198066604872,Recommended,232090,17921559,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Freyja,"Better than even Killing Floor original.  Recommend it , if you liked the first one, you will like this one.  Enuff said !"
,Recommended,232090,17924123,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,sgehrman csgogem.com,Killing floor two is awsome love how the zombies look realistic really good details and the guns and everything about it.
76561198042725453,Recommended,232090,17933959,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Anal Butter,This game gives me cummies
76561198008817367,Recommended,232090,17969099,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Ms. Peachez,"At the moment really lacks content in terms of weapons, and would do better with a bit more variety of maps and enemy types.However, if you enjoy slaughtering undead things that have a stupidly high amount of physics built into their bodies while listening to some thrashing metal instrumentals, then this game is for you."
76561198099993845,Recommended,232090,17987450,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Furtive Fox,"I find this game true to the title and legacy. It is quite enjoyable and very well done. I'm especially impressed because it is early access. For being in that stage of a game, it is truly impressive. The gore and blood is quite realistic and very refined. I could mention thousands more things worth praise. Well done tripwire."
,Recommended,232090,17879278,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Dogemonz,Very noice
76561198107384937,Recommended,232090,17900672,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Arl the Grand,k
,Recommended,232090,17904000,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Blenjamin,It's like CoD Zombies except literally better in every single way
,Recommended,232090,17910859,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Dag! *B4DA$$,"Yes, I recommend this game. It's gory. It's awesome. Looking forward to the updates, it can only go upwards.But please, don't do these free weekends too often. It's awful. Idiots playing on Hell on Earth or Suicidal with their Level 0 not giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥about anyone or anyting.Buy it, learn the game, have fun!"
,Recommended,232090,17923852,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Malvarik,"If you are a fan of Killing Floor, you are going to love this next installment. The graphics in Killing Floor 2 are superb and the gore effects are amazing. The hitboxes for the zeds are fantastic and i have yet to find a game-breaking bug.Pros:1.Amazing soundtrack2.Superb graphics3.Great community4.Very well done maps5.Awesome new weapons6.Constant updates from devsCons: I dont have many cons for this one.1. Not many maps, only around six in total.2.Still some bugs.3.Many weapons still not in game4.Semi-repetitive.All of these cons can be, and will be, remedied. I fully believe tripwire will implement even more maps, weapons, and fix the small amount of bugs in-game. As for the semi-repetitiveness, I reccomend doing 1 or 2 games then playing something else and coming back later. That works just fien for me.As of right now i give Killing Floor 2 and 8 out of 10"
,Recommended,232090,17924745,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Nihilio,"This is still KF only with improvements.Great graphics, the enemy design and abilities are interesting, the levels are well designed.There is a lack of classes and weapons atm but what is in the game is actually very very good and more updates are bound to be out."
,Recommended,232090,17932766,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Gonads,The explosive face smasher is enough to wet my nappy but they apparently added other things too which is a plus I guess.
,Recommended,232090,17991056,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,ALy ninJalau,"*REQUEST DOSH!*Waiting like 2-3 seconds,suddenly 4 guys starts spraying at me with money.Definitely 10/10 would bang stalkers again"
,Recommended,232090,18064395,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Ghost in the Shell,"""Killing Floor 2 is freakin' sweet."" -Carl"
,Recommended,232090,18065289,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Phak,dosh
,Recommended,232090,17948979,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,mighty baby,"So far so GREAT.Visuals are great, I can run the gamefullymaxed (including PhysX) at 1080p oni5-2500, GTX 770 2GB, 8GB DDR3 at probably 30+ FPS. Turning off PhysX would probably up my framerate greatly but the PhysX is just so awesome I don't want to get rid of it.Combat is amazing. I've used shotguns, pistols, automatic weapons and a lot of melee weapons. Melee is super ♥♥♥♥ing fun but pretty difficult later on, you'll always need guns to deal with certain enemies. Bullets are not hitscan! What does this mean for you? Slow motion is fun as ♥♥♥♥. Shoot your gun and watch your bullet blow a Zed's head to shreds.The soundtrack is great though I have a few thoughts: the song change after every wave is unnecessary.. It feels like whenever a good part is coming up, the wave ends, the (♥♥♥♥♥♥ and annoying) jingle plays and then something by zYnthetic plays (ugh (personal opinion)). So allow us to turn off the jingle, or disable song change after wave completion (or both pls?). Also it'd be great if in the audio settings we could go through and disable/enable the songs we like. Possibly also enable/disable instrumental versions on a song to song basis in the menu?If you liked KF1, KF2 can't disappoint because it's better than it in just about every way."
76561198098206345,Recommended,232090,18054066,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Joshy_T,"Killing Floor 2 is one of those ""Ah i'll just play one more rou- ooh I just I got a new perk! Let's see what it does for the next 5 rounds"". That's what it's like to me anyway, it just keeps me coming back for more and more zombie exploding fun. Thank you Tripewire, you have made an awesome game :)"
,Recommended,232090,18081322,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,schrodinger4126,its still better than many finished AAA games the game will run on any piece of junk pc and has no awful immersion breaking bugs even though its an alpha the only thing is the updates are taking a lot of time and there are very few official maps but thats no biggie get this game if you loved kf1
76561198080980901,Recommended,232090,18139829,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Helps to Have a Map,This would make Ed Gein feel sick.
,Recommended,232090,17876085,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,AE-3852-I,"This game is fun. Even better with friends.Ohh right it's 2015 we just hate on everything and we can't enjoy games.""kids""Ohh lord..."
76561198011060697,Recommended,232090,17895645,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,-WeedZoNe.Vzla™ -,QUE JUEGAZO....10/10...tremenda inversion
76561198005141021,Recommended,232090,18080535,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,SteakOfWar,Amazing to play with your friends.
,Recommended,232090,17836656,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,TheWanderingLad,"if you own the original killing floor and also killing floor 2, and you upgrade to the digital deluxe edition, it will tell you you will not recieve a free copy of the first killing floor where you already own it, i found a work around thisAdd the upgrade to the deluxe edition of killing floor 2 to your cart, and purchase as a gift, and store it in your inventory, then put the upgade in your library, this will place a free copy of killing floor in your inventory to give to a friend (: hope this helps anyone !!!! love both the games"
76561197975535861,Recommended,232090,17883149,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,hOLIC' i g0t 2 phoooones,♥♥♥♥ing awesome! Can't wait for full version :D
,Recommended,232090,17905797,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,FŧŞĦFŧИŞ,Get mad at your friends with your friends.Ten outta ten.
,Recommended,232090,17913796,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,[SLO] Spoody,"Much like the first KF but with more gore, better graphics, and some new maps. It's fun to play either with friends or with random people."
,Recommended,232090,17935494,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,nukolr,"Killing Floor 2.Good lord this game is the most fun I have had in a long, long time10/10get it now"
,Recommended,232090,18123556,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Twisted Vulture,"been playin' Killing Floor for a long time... Took a lot out of me, but I keep coming back for more. Like an ex wife. This game is my ex wife."
,Recommended,232090,18275971,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Squirt,amazing game!
,Recommended,232090,18493999,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,sO_яoNerY,"I held my review for until there was a few updates. Updates are slow than most games in beta, but honestly, that's a good thing. Anyway. I felt very iffy about the second installment. It was like the original, but with some changes I wasn't to happy about. Running is possible no matter what you have in your hand. Feels more CoD/BF imo.However, I think what you are holding in your hand affects your speed. I used to think taking out your knife didn't give you the Killing Floor feel to it and was pointless. My thoughts have changed.I now feel, taking out your knife increases your speed like the original.  Added animation for the knife isn't necessary and adds annoyance when you're in heat of battle. But that's the developers choice on that. And ill respect that.Music is more epic than before. Bring back some of the original but with vocals. Demon Hunter- infected is one of my favorites. Great band.Game got better as the developers added more perks. Of course my favorite perk is back (had no doubts): firebug. Still waiting on the other two and more if there are more.End of review."
10203040506070809,Recommended,232090,32032832,Posted: 28 May,all,Flynn Spookart,"Bloody good fun, based around several classes/perks you may pick, each with their own specializations.Unlike its predecessor, its gameplay is less based around hunkering down in one spot and camping, and more running away like your life depends on it because it does.It has an active community, and one especially keen on modding, which the devs have given their blessing for since day 1. In fact, the devs are very open with the community, and we're all thankful for it, since we can give them tips, info, and recommendations for what we'd like to see implemented. For once, it would seem that a game's devs actually care about the game as if it's their own love child."
,Recommended,232090,32056615,Posted: 29 May,all,Arturius Pendragon,Why are you reading reviews when you could be killing zombies as a preist wielding a sawblade shooting chainsaw?7/10Tarantino approved
76561198055408678,Recommended,232090,32204302,Posted: 5 June,all,Furbear,Pure Carnange!
76561198135614484,Recommended,232090,32117848,Posted: 1 June,all,Co-op Arcadia,Buy this game now! The developers made the game better with each update. We need more players!  Best game after L4D2.
76561198095815823,Recommended,232090,32120275,Posted: 1 June,all,StormMaster,"gory as hell, smashing and blowing monster brains with all kinds of weapons, many classes with perks that add different play styles, my favorite is the Bezerker that mostly deals with melee weapons and tanking and my favorite weapon has to be the Pulverizer sledgehammer with its exploding strong attack.Pretty team oriantated as you will likely get swarmed and die unless your really good solo. Would like more boss variation in the future but what we have now is still decent. While not a game I can see myself playing for many hours at a time it is very fun in short bursts for a round or 2.Some areas of the maps are really dark and I'm not sure if it was intentional or not but you do get a flashlight with battery system. Recommend for those who enjoyed the first killing floor or just enjoy pve zombie mutant fps with multiple rounds ending with a boss fight. the pvp aspect is not very populated in the game so its mostly for pve atm8/10"
76561198202667513,Recommended,232090,31842810,Posted: 19 May,all,*.*/{:[:Pd:]:}\*.*,good game feel free to play
,Recommended,232090,15495180,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,SpookerTail,Bloats ♥♥♥♥♥♥s made me cream all over my screen 11/10
,Recommended,232090,15550725,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Dashiva,Blood. So much blood.Oh and fun gameplay. There's that too.
76561198073648909,Recommended,232090,17837851,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,EPIC-VITAMIN,"Such a great game, and the new update released today is amazing, even though it took a very long time."
76561198053669708,Recommended,232090,17982327,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Marc J.,Great gamenice animationsgreat soundnice lightinggood perfomence (120+ fps) on max settings
,Recommended,232090,18127126,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,The Rooster,YES YES YES YES.. NEED I SAY MORE IN CAPS?
,Recommended,232090,17968222,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,[IHC] Yenski,"Loved this game, and nearly everything about it.  I just can't endorse it for those who already have KF1.  Its the same game, but with new maps and gear, that's about it.  For those that don't have it, get it."
,Recommended,232090,17834916,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Wammbo,Waht you see is waht you get. Good Game! It's all ready playable in Early Access.
,Recommended,232090,17949066,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Keysler,"Be me, last wave, surrounded by tons of zeds, making a bbq out of 'em.Would do it again.12/10"
,Recommended,232090,19224960,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Nesa_Avali,"At first I was astonished by this new unreal engine's detailisation. As about game's looking - it's good. In fact i tried only  minimal video settings 'cause i'm on my laptop but it was pretty nice, much better what in KF1. I very like this stuff with pressing R with a full mag, doing things with a gun, yay :DAbout gameplay - i find it more hard to play, even on the normal difficulty i smtms have problems with survival when in KF1 I can play on the very hard\HoE ones. It's because all mobs in the game are faster while u moving slowly or sprinting but not shooting, bigger recoil (don't try to shoot while in the air, it's horrible) and smooth mob's animation that makes it harder to headshot. Oh! Headshots! It's funny. U can shoot off half of the head (other will lay down the ground) and scrake still will try to hug u. But as i've noted head still have own HP so sometimes scrake will have half of the head but still not maden mad so it's easy to kill him with 2 guns and headshots before he could kick someone. Some replics of persons are funny too. Music is driving to make some meat powder. Good idea of adding parry and counter-sriking with a gun so f.e. u can push away the fleshpound what is nearly damaged a player with a stock... or crush some clot's heads! I also hope that developers will add a sharpshooter class to the game as it was in KF1. He's the only guy what can effectively kill big guys. Including the final nazy boss. Aaand a little more guns, there's some bore with it - mb with DLC...Last thing i want to say is that the final boss is boring for a lot. This nazy isn't scaring or having big guns ( patriarch's rocket launcher was my nightmare as well as his cloaking) He only runs, throwing useless grenades, shooting useless rifles and only reason he's deadly is that he runs a lot, punching painfully and freaking hard to kill."
,Recommended,232090,15868556,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,"Jesus, capital G",Threw my friend's AA12 down a manhole after he diedWorth every penny
,Recommended,232090,15555292,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Loyal,"PROS:There is a hot French girl with a sexy accent.The trader has a French accent which is really sexy.Press the ""reload"" button when you're on full ammo and you either do a cool spin with your pistol or something else cool.This is a good simulator for throwing dosh (watch it mount up like you're a rich person) - no its dosh throwing simulator 2015Press the 'reload' button with your knife and you'll do a useless spinPress the 'reload' button with your knife with blood on it and you'll wipe off the blood from the Z.E.D. you have just killedThere is a hot French girl with a sexy accent.No more British accents that are used for 99 different charactersCONS:50% of medics you meet online don't even do a proper job on healingThe boss is more horrible than a Nazi"
,Recommended,232090,19194944,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Miepasie,"At first it didnt work. TO ANYONE that cant run DX11, right click on the game > properties > general > launch options and putt this in -dx10 this will make it so the gun runs in DX10 instead of DX11:) havent been able to play it but it looks amazing"
,Recommended,232090,16407803,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DCruddy,There is about 25 bucks worth of content here. I wouldnt pay any more then that. Fun fps zombie monster shooter no enough content to keep you occuped forever but for 25 bux its nice to have in my library when I wanna take a break and shoot a zombie in the face.
,Recommended,232090,17927764,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,SirSmokeALot[GER],Killing Floor 1&2 are some of the best coop multiplayer shooter ever.Rating : 11/10
,Recommended,232090,17755010,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Santa fox,"This game feels like a prettier version of KF. Not neccesarily bad, but I would have hoped for something new."
,Recommended,232090,17992457,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,The Deitor,Pure love!
,Recommended,232090,18000494,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Rhorge,Cash on legs.
,Recommended,232090,20985061,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Atlan,My pc couldn't handle this game so it turned off itself when i wasn't even playing it for 10 mins.10/10 would blue screen my pc again.
,Recommended,232090,26676067,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Magnivilator,"I remember buying this game as a replacement to Payday 2 which had microtransaction, and I didn't like the game at first but today I must say this game is amazing. Better then I expected.KF2 is a wave zombie game. The object is to kill the zombies and after 4/7/10 - kill one of two bosses - Patriarch or Dr. Vans. The game is extremley brutal, gore, with metal music in the background which makes the game's climate better.In KF2 you can choose one of many perks, each perk has it own weapons, and his own pros and cons.The game contains several maps by Tripwire, but anyone can create a map by the SDK and post it.Pros:Great graphics and sound.High replayabilityExtremley fun with freinds.Fun sunshootingRip&Tear styleCons:NoneYou should buy ythis game now."
76561198083059183,Recommended,232090,26681152,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,justmira,"Blood, checkGore, checkWitty charecters, checkfun, checkHmm I would say ignore the 5000 or so negative coments and focus on the 26,000 plus positive reviews."
,Recommended,232090,17717317,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Ruby the Poké Whore,"One of the best (if not THE best) co-op horde shooters on the market, thanks to its developers, aesthetics, gameplay, gunplay and the sheer beauty and attention to detail present.Hands-down a great grab if you're into the co-op horde shooter business."
,Recommended,232090,25650235,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,GoodSirKnight,"Hilarious, satisfying, keeps you playing for hours and hours.''Cloning, eh? Makes threesomes easier.''-Mr. Foster"
,Recommended,232090,17399336,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,HEXA-GRAM Cheng,"Okay, so, this crazy game has been a personal favorite of mine for a while. I was waiting for the game to release fully to review but I cannot wait. I must inform you that this is an extremely wise purchase for people who loved KF1. Its a complete upgrade of what we had. The playerbase on the first few days when this EA dropped was amazing, sure the friendly rates have gone down, but that doesn't mean you can't play with some friends (which I highly reccomend) I am glad tripwire is approaching this title appropriatly, giving us well polished content, its better then getting a ton of unplayable content. Its gory, its heavy, its brutal...its everything I could ask for in a game. I really suggest you try it out, remember, steam added a refund system if it isn't for you"
76561197966185044,Recommended,232090,17448318,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,[FLW] Squeelex,This game is awesome.  It made me poop.
76561198108007509,Recommended,232090,17459756,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Spinnerooni,The game is still in early access but i bought it right away and had so much fun with it. I'm really excited to see how the game evolves on its own. I really anjoy the polished game mechanics and the graphics are really pleasing. They kindof re did the shop so it's easier to look through and get a gun. I really enjoy this game and nothing is more fun that blasting a zed's head off with a shotgun and having that bullet time thing go off.
,Recommended,232090,17505332,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Hashshashin,"Nice game, really like it."
76561198036405051,Recommended,232090,17515772,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Eddie Guerrero,"This game is really fun. It takes a little practice to get used to but it's hella fun. This game is also very visually appealing, even at lower graphics settings. I also commend Tripwire for their amazing job and giving DLC for free. Keep doing what you're doing, guys."
76561198161240012,Recommended,232090,17212118,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,ayy lmao,"Intense game? I think yes. you should definiley get this game if you like surviving waves, and waves on ZEDS. I only spent 25 minutes on the game and was hooked. Great game. add more weapons in the game. I would add a bow and arrow where you can pick your arrows back up, add more maps like a jungle or even a school, like I said add more weapons please."
,Recommended,232090,17476009,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,The Boss Baby,"This game is amazing. I loved the first game and I love this one as well. It has great graphics, awesome weapons, and a crazy German boss. Everything you need for a good FPS, right? But i think the best thing overall in the new game is that it has amazing new zeds. Now, when I say new, I don't mean new zeds with new abilities. I mean that zeds have been completely redesigned to be more life-like and a lot scarier. They move and attack like living things. They have all, of course, been reskined so they can move and look life like. My favorite is definatly the Scrake. Anyway, I am getting sidetracked. I would recommend this game to anyone I know and even those I don't. I do agree with other reviewers that updates can be slow, but I don't think such an excellent game should be marked down for that. Definatly recommended."
,Recommended,232090,15499383,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,[FPHZ],"Everything you loved about the first game with prettier (read: massively gory) graphics, awesome leveling system, and overall just damn fine. It's also incredibly well polished and optimized. If you are new to the game or returning for that sweet dosh lovin', I can't recommend this game enough.Get it and let's bash some zeds together."
76561198083799427,Recommended,232090,28924071,Posted: 1 January,all,♠-=BuDDA=-#BAUMᶠᶸᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ♠,Its perfect BUUTTTT IT NEEDS DLCSSSSSSS
,Recommended,232090,17932521,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,JamezXMassacre,"I'll change my review when they mess everything up, but until then, so far so good. It goes on sale for $20, so grab it at that price whilst you still can."
,Recommended,232090,28283788,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,The cheapest village whore,Really fun gameplay loop but make sure to up the difficulty relatively quickly else the progression takes ages. Also be aware that its still fun but if you're not ready for it the boss fights carry a significant difficulty spike compared to the other waves.
,Recommended,232090,15728125,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Himmuguegeli,"Playing it fluently on 4K without any crashes. It may has a lack of content, but it is early access and already runs quite good for it. Buy it if you want to support the Dev´s and enjoy some short but quite good old coop with your friends. By the way, the weapons feel quite good and the feedback they give you is very fun that plus cutting down hordes of zombies is the essence of Killing Floor and became even better in their second piece."
,Recommended,232090,15506372,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,tempas,"Excellent game so far, is it very intense however I wish the waves themselves were more difficult rather than the boss just being blatantly overpowered. So, getting to the boss should be harder than simply the boss being the most difficult thing to beat. Also as berzerker they should increase the clip of the pulveriser.Anywho, 10/10."
,Recommended,232090,17872039,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,jokur,U can shoot badies. badies die.french lady annoys u with real french accent.french/frenchbadie/badie
76561198215743228,Not Recommended,232090,17586491,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Thorpa 林,"The development is way to slow. The updates  are rare and allmost insignificant. The game has potensial, but for now its boring and repetitive"
,Not Recommended,232090,18352341,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Satire.,"Game has a shiny engine, lots of gore and blood, and all the things that made the first killing floor great (bar the weapons and maps yet to be added).Sadly the game is terribly optimised and constantly crashes, devs are of no help and there is no fix or help available.Would recomment holding off buying this game until full release."
,Not Recommended,232090,17360203,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ReVoLuTzIa,"I love Killing Floor the first. I believe it is a great game. However, I cannot say the same about KF2. Not at this time. The teleport ability of the ZEDs is not well thought out. I am sure by the time this game is officially released I will enthusiastically recommend it. At that time I will update this review. Right now, this game is not a buy.Update (6/8/16): This game is still crap. Don't waste your money on it."
,Not Recommended,232090,17563571,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,B_S_H,"Play warhammer vermintideYou wanna know what's really killing this game? What doomed it from day one. The decision to push out a team based PVE game with half the Perks ""which is fine, BUT""  instead of putting all effert into getting all perks out ASAP. So as to be able to properly balance the game. They've dragged♥♥♥♥♥ensuring the game to remain broken and unbalanced for the foreseeable future. Putting higher priority on PVP and microtransactions then the base game itself. And from an outsiders prosective. What with all the banning on forums. And what seems like a complete lack of concern for finishing the base game. How could anyone recommend this game?15,000 + positive reviews... 5,000 people on the fourms... 2,000 people in game... less than 300 actually playing... Knowing a game you don't like is going to fail pricelessThis game seems to have inherited a huge chunk of L4D2 fans. Your initial reaction of which should show if you should buy this game.  If you say that's great.  Buy away. If not you will see that as a horrible thing. The L4D2 community was the most toxic I've seen having played COD and CS GO and they seem to like it here. Meaning hacks griefing and all other BS is only a full release away. And they being the b#$chist will probably dictate a s#%ty L4D2 gameplay style. Zombie move fast I shoot zombie, masterbaition ensues.I think the key problem with this game is a lack of understanding from the people making it. They are not the origin of this series. As some might think, it is a man named Alex Quick. I think the first game might of just been a perfect storm of a man, and a company. Coming together to make something that was better than either could have made apart.Tripwire is changing things to make the game ""more accessible"" which I believe is a mistake. This game is inherently not a large market game. Huge sales numbers of the 1st game coming from  steam sales and fantics driving friends to buy it.The 2 best examples of the game series that they ""should"" be emulating. In the development process of their own game. Are The Souls series, and the Counter Strike series. Neither game being huge in it's origin. But simply cultivating a hardcore following. That grew and grew. The changes currently being made will drive off a huge chunk of the hardcore following. Or me at the very least. The systems they have in place are not capable of challenging the likes of Payday 2 or Vermintide. To successfully go the direction they seem to want. They would need to overhaul the entire game to be able to compete with those games.Because as far as I see all they are doing is trying to sit on the fence. They want to draw in all the Killing Floor fans to buy the game. But they don't want to make Killing Floor. Or they don't seem to understand what it was that Killing Floor was. Which was a team based defence & tactics shooter. Which considering the limitations of maps. Is what it's limited to. If your only objetive is to kill things and these things are hunting you. Why the hell would you run around when you are trapped in a confined space? The Devs do not seem to understand that the thing they are asking the player to do. The thing they want to build their game around is illogical on the maps they've made. And was a game called L4D. Which had maps built around the idea of moving from place to place.Instead of reinforcing what was good about the game and making that better. I.E defending locations. They've tried to add on elements from other games which don't fit. They tried to add a perk system that copys payday 2's system poorly. They want to make it run and gun which is only a chaotic mess. A mess which other games do better with more features then they are offering. Killing Floor had the appeal that Dark Souls and Counter Strike had. If you are good enough you can hardly be touched. Nothing feels cheep. And everthing feels as though it will unfold based on skill not chance or odds or luck. Killing Floor 2 does not feel that way.They said they didn't want it to just be about throwing one number at another. What is the game you made? What is war? What is life? Atleast the numbers use to make sense. They don't anymore. There's no focus. It's just a mess.I'm done with tripwire, and I can not say that I recommended this game."
76561197982922237,Not Recommended,232090,17675451,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,D3adlyMole,"Dont buy it now wait the release,0 updates in 4 months exept a map and today they want make me buy a other game for new contnent in kf2 are you kidding us devs??? You win big red inch TWIAnd now for 2016,they add box and key like cs go seriously TWI go die"
76561198015131302,Recommended,232090,17441004,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Alduric,"This game is like COD zombies perfected, gun gameplay feels perfect and satisfying, especially with the slow motion gore. I would 10/10 kill zombies again. Worth the $30"
,Not Recommended,232090,18207666,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,cartermur,"I purchased this game the day it released and i thought it was great, then along came the first update and i could no longer launch my game. Every single time i tried to launch it i would get a little window of bugsplat telling me that my game was not installed correctly after reinstalling the game 3 or 4 times updating all my drivers and veryfying the game cache it still will not launch i think ive gained an hour of playtime trying to launch this game and yet nothing has been done by tripwire, so if you are looking for a frustrating game crash simulator your buying the right game."
,Not Recommended,232090,18315330,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Hawkadoodle,"My friend made me buy this game... it was a bad decision. Kids don't fall into peer pressure cuz you’re going to watch 20 bucks or more go down the drain. This game is just meh it’s nothing special in this day and age. The slow-motion is more annoying than helpful, it’s pretty cool effect but it doesn’t take into account other players who aren’t into combat then your just wasting 4 seconds until the slow-mo ends. I get that this game is still in development but idk it just didn’t click with me."
,Recommended,232090,17879932,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,King Of Laggy Games,"dont listen to any of the negitive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesomeFUUUUUUUCK YEEEEEEAH"
,Recommended,232090,17937922,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Тяжелая основная,Buy it.
,Recommended,232090,17920882,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,twinkie431,"How about this, if you like the following:*Slaying ♥♥♥♥ing zombies*New Cosmetics (YAY MORE HATS! T_T)*Custom Maps*Custom Skins for Weapons/Character Models*Heavy Death Metal for soundtrack*Dead Servers (for some reason -x-)*LOTS of grinding*Thousands of hours of fun*Cheap and playable games*Gory but yet so sweet (^3^)*Weird assortment of beginning weapons*A priest with a gask mask killing zombies*Being a DJ...*All of the above.....GET THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAMEGameplay-Let see here, Very... uhh... graphical details. I mean like very in depth of whats inside of the zombie im slaying. Oh and yes of course there's the graphics that are very HD'ical (totally a new word. deal with it) that are.. nice? Oh and there's also the fact that now the game is customizable! *AHEM* Hat Simulators, MORE WEAPON CAMOS and uhm, yea.... Character Models. Have fun with that!Music/Audio-Uh.. Okay so where do i start with this one..? Okay so there's the fact that about 99% of the soundtrack is heavy death metal... I mean, not that i dont like that music because... its perfect for this game. I think DOOM kind of pulled from that. Ive notcied Lots of Heavy Metal in both of the games during levels of gameplay. Other ambient sounds such as the car door i just ♥♥♥♥ing smashed in, are very HD Rendered to match the... uh okay i lost my train of thought on this one. You know what i mean im guessing.Price-Okay so lets talk about this one real quick. Its a bit pricy for a game like this. I played it during its Free Weekend back in November of 2015 (here we are in September or 2016) during the Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 BETA and i mainly played this the most. I mean come on, better game of the two. But after the weekend was over, i purchased it on sale for around $19.99 but i believe now, the original price is around $39.99 or something like that. Thats a bit over priced for an Early Access game. ESPECIALLY when anything can happen to the game. Like for instance, say the game isnt released and removed from inventories without total refunds (damn it... my $19.99 ;-;). What a total WRECK both Steam AND Tripwire would be. They should really rethink the price on this game. Keep it to a $19.99 - $25.00 price range.AND LASTLYMy Overall Rating-My overall rating of Killing Floor 2 would be an 8.5/10. I give it this, because of the Steam Workshop support and price range. I say this because despite of the fun gameplay and HD Graphics, i still think it has chance to become what Team Fortress 2 became. A ♥♥♥♥ing game about Marketing. Valve has stated OVER and OVER again that they will use whats most successfull in their games. This being Marketing. Tripwire pulled from that and is using that to their advantage. However, ITS NOT WORKING DUMBASSES. Wanna know why? Because we're not stupid. But my only problem is, i dont want my ♥♥♥♥ING INVENTORY to be filled with CAMOS AND HATS like it is Team Fortress 2 and Counter Strike: Global Offensive. No, i want a game where its just a game. No extra paying for♥♥♥♥♥♥thats really not needed. And lastly, the price range. As i stated in the section above, its too high for an Early Access game. Read more about it above if you skipped it.Thanks for reading. <3"
76561198352706033,Recommended,232090,33836098,Posted: 27 July,all,ThatOtherGuy1438,very fun much zed
,Recommended,232090,30748581,Posted: 26 March,all,Draggeris,aaa
,Recommended,232090,16019913,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,=KΔ=,"Very cool the evolution of the game based on the first. Always had support and good gameplay, expected no less of a firm that stuck by its customers."
,Recommended,232090,19547712,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,UNIT28,just enjoy to killing zombies
,Recommended,232090,15907258,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Msyn,"All in all, a fun game with killer music. It's a role based, co-op team game. Strangely, many think that they are able to tank all by themselves. If you don't want to die though, try stick in open spots so that you can move if/when needed. You do not want to get pinned by a wall while a horde comes to make a snack of your brains. Upgrade your guns when you can and if you have the extra cash, it's good to give to your team mates so that they can upgrade. Especially before the boss fight.Good medics are hard to find, so be sure to heal yourself. Heal your team mates regardless of your role, when you can.Music: Obviously some will enjoy the music and some won't. Personally I like it, but I like all kinds of music. My personal favorites are ""I have seen where it grows - DH"", (not on the official soundtrack), and ""Die Volter"". However, all of the music goes pretty well with this type of game imho. However, you can turn it off if you're just not into it. For now, (while it's early access anyway), each time a new track is played, it is displayed in the upper right side of your windowm regardless if the music is off or on.Problem Running the Game: If you're having problems getting it to run on your system, I admit it took some doing for me as well. For whatever reason, I had missing .dlls, (checked with dependency walker), graphic driver issues, (I advise the latest graphics drivers you can get), and had to manually install everything in the _CommonRedist folder. So if you have problems, try that out.Zombie fun fact: Apparently when a person mutates into a zombie of any specimen, their genitals fall off. So if you happen to notice that your junk is rotting off...better get some medical attention soon! However, most people tend to be pre-occupied with their junk anyway.-------------------------------------------------Update: Full gameLots of fixes.  In all the time I've played, I don't think I've encountered any bugs.  Really solid shooter, team based co-op survival game.  Lots of fun.  Weeklys keep this game entertaining, (which are weekly based events with special rewards for you.)  Lots of fun and it's a shooter without cheaters.  Imagine that."
76561197965220755,Recommended,232090,26683968,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,KudosCoffers,"Played KF1 and KF2 blows it away.  Even insuper early access it was so great, now its spoiling other games for me LOL"
76561197993362548,Not Recommended,232090,16818986,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Mr.Celsius,"As a fan of the game and the efforts behind TWI, I will attempt to keep this brief and objective.At the time of this review, 175 horus have been poured into the game... and the last 75 of those have been a constant struggle to keep my interests in it to no avail.It is nothing but a shell of KF 1 while looking  prettier.At current, the game offers infrequent content updates which has caused a drop of server populations from 25k around launch to 1.5k regularly now.Although I can say that when the game comes out in full release, and I'm assuming that would be around Halloween/Christmas time because missing that window would hurt their biggest opprotunity in sales, it will have quadriple the content and be a greater endevor for sure.From launch of EA to the writing of this post I would not recommend this to anyone who is unfamiliar with the game/franchise/TWI, as you'll find yourself wanting a little something new to do after a night or weekend of playing it.For anyone who poured hundreds to thousands of hours into KF1, you'll love it and be fanboying out like people did for Super Smash Bros when it hit the Wii.As currently there are only 4 perks, which only have have 3 or 4 weapons each (1 or 2 of which are the only ones that really matter per perk) I cannot rightly recommend this game.Wait until full release, or at least 2 or 3 more big content updates, and I promise you'll enjoy the game exponentionally more as it won't stagnant really quickly. They will have hundreds of maps by then, and ten times the guns."
,Recommended,232090,17817910,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Shrouds,"Great Game. Don't Let the lack of ""content"" screamers fool ya. There are tons of community maps that are excellent already in game and more being added each day."
,Recommended,232090,32229331,Posted: 6 June,all,⎛⎝ metaL ⎠⎞,Much better than the first one in almost every way.7.5/10
76432912567125327,Recommended,232090,15503441,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,GartinMarrix LͫOͤRͫDͤ,jump animation still funny
,Not Recommended,232090,16774172,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Tofu,Still buggy. Unbalanced classes. The one boss in the entire game isn't that fun.
,Recommended,232090,18163891,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,☣Aquillius✯,If youdon'tthink you're getting this game...YOU'RE WRONG!
,Recommended,232090,15497356,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Fruity Nona =^.^=,To simply put it......Amazing........best game EVERRRRR.......i love it to DEATH
76561198050677594,Recommended,232090,18138756,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Bolognesse,"was going to review this first day it came out but i needed more time to come to a conclusion. It is really good, just as fun and perfect as the first one, thats about it."
,Recommended,232090,18048128,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Alexis,"EULA states that Tripwire will tell my mom if I'm cheating10/10 would not cheat, best cheater deterrent 2015"
76561197996289105,Recommended,232090,18578863,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,DUG,Loads of fun. can only hope they release a campaign mode (like L4D or contagion).. And some new bosses.
,Not Recommended,232090,18607030,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,The Evil Dead,"I'll continue to play, and enjoy the game, but I have to give it a negative review.In all actuality, until it changes, the game is really just Killing Floor with a new coat of paint, and an option to melee with any weapon. Beyond that you still have your basic classes, objective, and gameplay. Nothing much has changed from the first game. The inclusion of a matchmaking feature is nice, I suppose.Hoping that there's a lot more to come, and there should be. I felt a bit salty paying $30 for this game ( Granted, that's not much ) and basically getting what I already had with Killing Floor 1."
,Recommended,232090,17931832,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,TheManInTheFedora,"Alrighty! So, let's start with some pros.PROS:- Killing- Blood- Mayhem- Zombies- Melee can be badass- Balance of zombies feels goodCONS:- Boss has, in my opinion, a little too much health in the final stage with a full group of people.- Maybe the same with the big zombies, but other than that there aren't really any.THOUGHTS;- It should be fun to have more bosses once the full game releases, and I hope the community can make them as well."
,Recommended,232090,15511734,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Excalibro89,"To be completely honest, I thought this would be a game I'd just play off and on to pass time...Nope...Not at all. I found myself uninstalling Evolve, uninstalling Titanfall, uninstalling COD and realizing this is all I need haha. It's a great game. Extremely stressful, but a very very great game.Definately buy it if you haven't already. Only thing I wish it had was more bosses, but it's in early access so I'll cross my fingers and hope. :) Other than that, it's one of my favorite games."
76561198059328620,Recommended,232090,32028690,Posted: 28 May,all,Satan,♥♥♥♥♥s great!
,Recommended,232090,33746780,Posted: 23 July,all,[GONE]✠Epheriuϟ✠,Pros+Gore+Gore+Gore+Zombies+Gore+Death Metal+Even more GoreCons-Loaning other players for that gun
,Recommended,232090,32651398,Posted: 22 June,all,neodragonkiller,Love this game :D
,Recommended,232090,32651644,Posted: 22 June,all,TehNinjaAssassin,Why are you even reading this review just go buy the damned game its fun especialy with friends trust me on this one you will have a fun time
76561198045845424,Recommended,232090,32630044,Posted: 21 June,all,blackvelvetXIII,good to zone out
76561198392812207,Recommended,232090,32697971,Posted: 23 June,all,ImaHorse,Amazing game all i need to say
,Not Recommended,232090,15915043,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,john,"Okay so for the first time since the release I will be giving this game a thumbs down, I've been rewriting the whole review from scratch this time. And the reason for the negative review has nothing to do with all the thumbs down by people with their only reasoning behind it being ""♥♥♥♥ing microtransactions ruined this game"".The reason why this game is given a thumbs down, which would apply already after the v1013 aka the InD update. I just felt like I couldn't say anything back then because I just didn't have as much fun with the game anymore from the way things were turning out. And I didn't play much as a result of that. So I wouldn't really be able to base my review on something else than what I personally felt about the game without connecting it to the actual gameplay.So then what is the real reason behind the negative review? Well it's as simple as how the game turned from a tactical shooter, were teamwork were essential to a simple hack and slash game. Basically shoot everything that moves as fast as you see it. And this applies to all the difficulties.I tried playing Hell on Earth twice online after the v1013 dropped and how different it was. I was used to having to play out of my mind together with my allies for even a chance to get to wave 7, and for us to clear 10/10 waves, well I think I only succeeded with that on a public server around 5 times during my 230 hours played. And now here we are, on a Hell on Earth game where I litterally could go afk without anyone noticing.I was used to having to call out the fact that I was out of ammo so I couldn't support the team anymore, having to kite to fill it up before fighting the big boys whilst zerk had to make sure that the fleshpound didn't aggro on us while looking for ammo. But what do I get now? Pretty much a ""who gives a ♥♥♥♥, let the zerk deal with everything"".My personal opinion was that zerk had to become slightly stronger from v1008, with maybe 5-10% more dmg reduction and some perks that rewarded skill in the same fashion ""Rack em up"" does for the gunslinger. As a friend suggested maybe 0 dmg taken during a successful parry so that you have to rely on your own skill instead of the highlvl passives given to the zerk. If you miss 3 consecutive parries? Well your dead, you ♥♥♥♥ed up and you got punished for it.And they're going in the right direction with the v1014 and onward updates. But as of now, we have good classes and classes that are still so powerful there's almost no point in playing the low tier ones. I know I compare a lot to the v1008 update, but that one was a masterpiece. The only class that were somewhat overpowered were the medic. Other than that it was close to full harmony between the other ones.So what can they do to ""fix"" the game. In my opinion go back to the KF2 roots. Remove things as firebugs perk skill which let's him blow up half the waves using a flamethrower making him more efficent than the demo in that aspect. Just make it so he sets other zeds on fire when they die or similar things like that.Bring some new guns to the demo and re-do some of the perkskills for him so that you can have nades trigger eachother and let the demo be the new combo master. Remove nuke or atleast nerf it further. If the demo is able to combo 3 nades with a let's say a m32 or similar, it will definitely make him more useful.As for the support, let him enjoy the trenchgun, let him take the gunslingers job as in making the fleshpound fall over with a hunting shotgun as suggested by a friend. Let him keep them in shack when they come rushing in and zerk isn't around for the de-aggro parry. Smaller mag to the M4 shotgun, but way more power behind each shot, or even add explosive rounds to the m4 so both the demo and the support can enjoy it (debatable, at least give it a try, if it doesn't work at all, remove it).And ofc nerf the zerk almost to it's v1008 counterpart. It had a job, you just had to use it well. It was my favourite perk back then, when you ran last in the kiting group de-aggroing all the fleshpound when they raged.For now, last but not least. For the love of god, remove autorage. It didn't work. I see where the idea came from, not being able leave the big zeds for last, but it doesn't work. It gives the game a random aspect whether fleshpounds spawn at the end of the wave and you can't deal with them becuase if you kill the sirens they will autorage, and if you don't they will eat your nades. And when the random counter ticks down for the fleshpound and he slaughters what's in his way just to end up killing below the 6 mark to make himself go into autorage and you're left with nothing but broken dreams.The game has so much potential, but currently I feel like it is all wasted on ideas that can't stand on its own two feet."
,Recommended,232090,16185622,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,a Level 3 Mage,:^(
,Recommended,232090,16216365,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Jesus,Fun as hell game. Heads explodeWud R8 8/8 Gr8 M8
76561198077364691,Recommended,232090,26672958,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,School Shooter Jeremy,"highly enjoy this game, some things could be improved like the high tier zeds, (fleshpound and scrakes), make the chainsaw sound more distinct like in KF1, and the fleshpounds arent very intimiating aswell.i do appreciate the ability to literally blow off almost each and every body part off and in many different ways, eg on the head you can blow off the scalp, half of their face, jaw ect ect"
76561198025311980,Recommended,232090,15485898,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Indextrous,"A big upgrade compared to the original Killing FloorIt still retains the fast-paced action combat that we all grew to love in the original... hell, you can say it got ramped up! Things come at you with breakneck pace and if you seperate off from your group, you're pretty much dead. With that said there is more emphasis on teamwork now as compared to Killing Floor 1.Gun action is more realistic now, with insane kickback from the recoil and amazing animation. Going to expect more content to be added throughout the early access, but as it stands right now, the gameplay is definitely solid and I would reccomend anyone to get this game if they're into fast-paced FPS action with lots of heads being blown off."
,Recommended,232090,19110369,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,playing music too loud to hear u,nice !
,Recommended,232090,15480708,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Splitmind54,"Do you like working as a team to kill things? Do you like killing zombies? Do you like intense wave based games? If the answer is ""yes"" to any or all of these, you'll love this game. The first Killing Floor had an addictive quality to it and this one is even more so.PROS:- Despite being a beta, it's highly polished.- Environments look good- Guns feel realistic/good- Intense waves (Just like Killing Floor 1)- Fairly quick matchmaking/server browser.- Friendly playerbase (at least that I've seen)Cons:- My only con is that there are only 3 maps so far. More will surely be added as time goes on though.- Not really a con, but the Scrake is a nightmare in this one. I'm going to have horrific dreams about the thing now XDDefinitely buy this game if you like co-op shooters. It's well worth the $30 price tag even though it's in beta, because it's highly polished and will only improve from here!"
,Recommended,232090,31341502,Posted: 24 April,all,Enigmatic Swag Bag,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULeDlxa3gyc
,Recommended,232090,15480588,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,"Wolfi, the drunken austrian",If you're absolutely pervert and love blood and gore.Buy this.I have the hardest boner ever.
,Recommended,232090,26410118,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Postmo,Don’t let the name throw you. It’s not really a floor; it’s more of a steel grating that allows material to sluice through so it can be collected and exported.
,Recommended,232090,17680850,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Gilmorp,For an early access game it is very good. Overall the game feels and plays like a game that has been released. I really enjoy it and am still getting enjoyment out of it. The guns feel solid and satsfying to me. I only have one issue and that is the lack of content but give it time and I believe this game will evolve into something greater than it is at the current moment.
76561198058232826,Not Recommended,232090,19166833,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,DrUnKeL KeItH,"I have been having launch problems and im still unable to play this game. The game  launches, Splashscreen comes up then  crashes. im on windows 10 with all of my drivers up to date as well Direct x. so Please fix this game I absolutly love this game to bits but I can't play so plz fix this"
76561198147052616,Not Recommended,232090,18797224,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,oOCarlosOo,"The graphics on this game are very good and it provides a fair element of mindless shoot and run fun.It gets a bit boring after a while though and the introduction of multiplayer arenas or different game modes should be considerred to liven things up a bit.Aside from this, i find that the game constantly crashes.It's a thumbs down from me due to lack of content and overall stability issues."
76561198084948963,Recommended,232090,15574590,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Chris Hardwick,Anyone know where to find blood...........Oh wait
76561197988906053,Recommended,232090,17477959,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,"Mr. Palmer, Man","Holy god great game for Beta, little amount of weapons, but damn fun game. Good shot'em up game, better then Call Of Kids Zombies and can get pretty intense when you have it on the highest dif. But i would not regreat buying this game, and its future DLC's. This game games you a fun time with friends, and to live, you have to work in groups/and as a team. 100 out of 10"
76561198009495431,Not Recommended,232090,19802876,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,RobinoSVK,"BEFORE I WAS RECOMMENDING THIS GAME, CANT ANYMORE....I like this game a lot but what are TWI doing... This game is more than 1 year in EA, they added a microtransactions and even announce PS4 version of this game.This game isnt even close to be finished (all the promises they gave us) and they dont care about it, they care just about money"
76561198118787988,Recommended,232090,15622488,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Kleott,Awesome CO-OP game !!!
,Recommended,232090,15491489,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,TinkaBal,Good game.
76561197971181521,Recommended,232090,18167518,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Stabjack,Pretty outstanding for an early release. If you like FPS and team play with the taste of Quake meets UT then this is for you.
76561198090851029,Recommended,232090,15637325,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,rangerv60,Easily game of the year.
,Recommended,232090,15603803,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,meh,doshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdoshdosh
76561197972433339,Recommended,232090,15650056,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Lethal,"The pace of this game felt a lot different to the first one and this is partly due to the way ZEDS spawn from much more obscure places like manholes, vents, over walls, KF1 had this as well but it is slicker here.After about 10 hours any predjuice you have comparing KF1 to the first game will be gone. I hope sharpshooter and demolition perks will be added at some point as they are currently left out"
76561198058970953,Recommended,232090,15696894,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Lightning Mcmeme,"there are pleanty of reasons to get this1. its killing floor 22. u shoot stuff3. u shoot things that look like they are from tasmania4. u do this while listenin to sum banger tunes5. if buy some odd chance havent already used several cleanex boxes to clean ur sticky keybord at this games anouncement you are missing ur humanity6. u can get my mixtape on soundcloud7. its kf2 nuf saidwith all these reasons aside you should be willing to sacrifice your firstborn child to this game as it should now take up all the hours of your life that dont envolve toilets, heck get one installed instead of ur seat ur gonna be playin this game for the rest of ur life."
76561198031926798,Recommended,232090,15706128,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,mADmik,Its the future
,Recommended,232090,16389558,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,pidarmaizīte,"Wrecking zeds,while listening to ""Living sacrifice"" and ""Demon hunter""10/10 Would headbang again."
,Recommended,232090,15482892,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Porta,"Short review of KF2 so far:The game itself is amazing and shows GREAT promise...!It feels and looks amazing, the guns, the audio, the mechanics, it's all damn well done!So, for first impressions, this game is one of the better I've ever played in my long gaming-career.Now for the negatives: the party/lobby mechanic is not performing all too well when joining servers and both the server-browser and matchmaking does not work very well atm.Even if the browser shows the server is empty, it will still not let you join because ""it's full"".So this is something Tripwire has to work out. They probably already know and are working on a fix. I'd say give it a week or two and it's probably better.However, taken in consideration that this is not a complete game, it's well worth the money as it is right now. Can't wait for how this game will look in 6 months! Tripwire REALLY pulled this game off; a worthy sequel to the legendary original Killing Floor.10/10, by far"
76561198007524041,Recommended,232090,15512209,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Sonicfire,"guns feel amazing. no server problems, and only found 3 minor glitches that dont even affect gameplay. game feels like its on its way to being 2 times better than the original killing floor and its just starting early access! Cant wait to see the finished product!!!!!"
,Recommended,232090,15513653,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Eggcellent,Best Game Ever
,Recommended,232090,15537669,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Peasant,"Despite the early access release and some severe crashes reported by some users, Tripwire addressed 3/5 in 3 days and is pushing the first general bugfix patch in the near future. Hopefully, followed by more bugfix + content patches when the base game is in a state they are happy with.Having said that, you could play right now and never know this was early access. Already more gameplay here than most games released in this fashion.If you enjoy(ed) Killing Floors visceral simplicity, fps, co-op, zombies and metal soundtracks then you need this game."
,Recommended,232090,15563186,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Ice Souless,It's one of the best zombie apocalypse game I've ever played. Keep up the good work ^_^
,Recommended,232090,15566036,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,AnzA,"All the good in the first title, perfected and improved in graphical fidelity with some very good mocap work and bad♥♥♥♥♥Official Soundtrack.The guns still feel how guns should feel and the non stop bullet and gore flying action is there.This is still THE co - op, nonsense horde killing gun festival for me.Get some fella's, grab yer guns, and kill some zeds.Only a fracture of the game's  full content and potential is released in the Early Access and I am having a blast.-------------------Rated D for DOSH."
,Recommended,232090,15606943,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Notice Me Senpai,diz iz mi fvorit gam
,Recommended,232090,15682069,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Optimal,"Well on wave 9 of suicidal difficulty one of our teammates decided to throw a grenade at a pair of skrakes in a confined hallway.. while we were surrounded. everyone loses their composure. So after we all get mowed down by the skrakes with some help from clots grabbing at our waist everyone in lobby types gg, not one person raged, and we all queue up again for round 2. 10/10 community."
76561198190149603,Recommended,232090,15694875,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,jbbrickwall,AMAZING GAME! MUST PLAY! If you enjoy shooting (zaaaaaaaammmmbeees!) while running for you life. This game is worth checking out. Great interface and a wonderful play style. If you enjoy healing other players.. you can do so.. You enjoy beating the hell out of things with melee weapons.. They have that too.. You enjoy using over powered guns that a normal human being couldnt carry. Well sorry to burst your bubble. THEY HAVE THAT AS WELL!
,Recommended,232090,16088878,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Rønin,"- I love Killing Fetus 2, 9/11 would kill fetus again"
,Recommended,232090,16396621,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Zirrious,"I got this thinking I was getting myself into hours of mindless fun killing hordes of zombies alongside my friends, but ended up with a red painting simulator.This actually met my expectations and it isn't even the complete game yet. I most certainly can't wait for the rest of it. The soundtracks fit so well and the characters are, in my opinion, hilarious. The custom maps also add to the fun as they offer more variety due to the currently limited amount of content. I'm still enjoying multiple hour long sessions and will most likely continue to do so for a long time.Seriously though... you will end up creating splatter art with blood and chunks of flesh and bone on every map."
76561197988665993,Recommended,232090,17890097,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,|aow| KingCack,Awesome!
,Recommended,232090,15485627,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,rybo :D,"This game is completely unfair and has MAJOR BUGS. When I try to kill the floors they never die, ever..... I almost wonder if the floors have god mode.......Another negative on this game is the constant zombies that kill you as you try to kill the floors."
,Recommended,232090,15497977,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,ShadowS FaLL,Functions better than half my games and it's in Early Access. You wouldn't even notice it's in Early Access while you're playing.The only Early Access game where I'm very confident that the Developers will actually add something new.Well worth the dosh spent.10/10 would spend all my dosh again.
76561198067009816,Recommended,232090,15719935,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,The All Mighty Riri,This game is dank as f**k. 10 outta 10
76561197975553831,Recommended,232090,16158075,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Biomass,"Great game if your a massive zombie slayer, early access worth it even if there isn't much stuff at the moment.But lots of fun if you want to blow some heads off same bad♥♥♥♥♥zombies. I do hope there will be lots of achivments after realse ;)"
,Recommended,232090,15495192,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,"One Batch, Two Batch",Beggar Simulator 2015 is a pretty cool game.Still **** Sirens.
76561198042009038,Recommended,232090,15500079,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,chanticleer,These guys did their job.
76561198325271169,Recommended,232090,32425412,Posted: 14 June,all,Lc._.Beast,This Game is fun as hell you should try it you wont regreat it
,Recommended,232090,15587923,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Sensei™,"Gonna spend another 300hs playing the same game, same like kf1"
,Recommended,232090,15480951,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,MVP of deaths,"Have yet to succeed launching the game. Been looking forward to this ALOT, so kind of a bummer.Have tried different launch options etc. Nothing worked yet."
,Recommended,232090,15482124,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Vyktar,I've been waiting for this.
,Recommended,232090,15591486,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,American Knight,Most satisfying headshot simulator EVER. 10/10and Dosh throwing Simulator ;P 9/11
76561198093050769,Recommended,232090,18901635,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Pugsley,"Great game, I would reccomend this game to anyone who loves a fun, challenging, co-op, zombie killing experience."
76561198005986492,Not Recommended,232090,19247809,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,RlBigDoggo,"TWI gave the big ""f**k you"" to the community by adding microtransactions to a game not even released yet. Apparently grabbing more money from the community is more important than spending resources on complething the game people have paid for? Pathetic."
,Recommended,232090,23604525,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Zuvembi,"With the latest patch, TW has walked back some of the changes that were making the game so unenjoyable.  No teleporting zeds, less bullet-spongey-ness, etc.  It feels hard but fair now.  Not punishing with bad mechanics - but trying to making it challenging without being arbitrary.A vast improvement in the past couple months."
,Recommended,232090,15652653,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,theweedfather,"Game is 10x better than the original, even it it's unfinished state, so much content to come AND mapping tools with Early Access release.Gore is permanent, characters all have original voices, clothing is customizeable, 10 playable classes (4 currently for early access)Basically every department where KF1 lacked was expanded upon in the sequel. There is definitely longevity there that KF1 missed, level bonuses give you incentive to diversify your class setups.Currently 25 levels, you'll never NOT be leveling, leveling is smooth, rewarding, and more fun than the first.Hard+ difficulties are HARD, not because of health increase (which is a given) but because of extra zed speed and special abilities that become available to them to use against you in harder difficulties.Boss fight is hard but rewarding, no more insta-kill BS like the Patriarch (which is set to return, with another boss, The Matriarch)Current boss is a nazi german scientist named Hans Volter, who likely served in the precursor outbreak incident in KF1 and is definitely involved with Patriarch in some form, to be explained at a later time.There's no reason NOT to get this game."
,Recommended,232090,29194718,Posted: 11 January,all,IBiza,nego tenta soldar a porta com vc dentro :Vdps se faz isso e eles choram hueahuewhwauPS:precisa do time pra ganharfora q o game da uma surra em left 4 dead 2 :)
76561198096330451,Recommended,232090,17902140,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Beta_747,"A straight up improvement on KF1, gameplay is more fast paced and chaotic (I find that as an improvement at least) and more importantly more dynamic than KF1. That said, when you play on the appropriate difficulty level for your perk level, the game is considerable more difficult and intense. Its refreshing to be scared of a Fleshpound or raging Scrake again. The gunplay is also ever brilliant as Tripwire always makes it. There are countless other minor and major features in its favor making it worth every cent. If you enjoyed KF1 you won't be dissapointed in any aspect of this work of artistically gratuitous violence.11/10 Would paint the town red again."
,Recommended,232090,34663779,Posted: 1 September,all,Guybrush,MOAR BOSSES PLEASE
,Recommended,232090,15482590,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,★Tharja♥,"""Embrace your death"" 10/10 - Death Anonymous"
,Recommended,232090,15493933,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Dangerskew,"Everything I could have ever wanted in a sequel to the first Killing Floor. The game looks really really great and runs flawlessly with everything set to Ultra. CONSTANT 60fps, even during some of the more chaotic rounds. If only I could say the same about most AAA big-budget releases. The gore in the game is something else. Even after playing for several hours, there would still be moments that gave me pause to say ""That is a LOT of blood"".By far the most polished Early Access game I've played. I think it's safe to say that Tripwire knocked it out of the park with KF2. I'm confident that they will support the game with a stream of new content for years to come, and I look forward to seeing all the new classes that are to come, as well as maps because the maps presently in the game are great looking, if perhaps needing a couple tweaks here and there."
,Recommended,232090,15483430,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,[229] Lego Player,"as a man who has sunk nearly 150 hours into kf 1, i can easily see myself sinking an equal amount in this iteration.10/10 would kill the floor again"
76561198068310414,Recommended,232090,15484266,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,D4NNY_B01,Complete upgrade from Killing Floor 1 with obvious new additions. Crashes quiet frequently but this is still in early access.9/10 would have secshual intercourse with
,Recommended,232090,15484760,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Seadog,Multiple ♥♥♥♥♥♥s were achieved while playing this game.
76561198110688272,Recommended,232090,15489255,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,High Quality Nobs,10/10 would review again
76561198012068809,Recommended,232090,15493910,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,ACE| The RedDragon |STK,"even though this game is only in early access and is pretty much a ""beta game"" if anything. Tripwire has proven to be one of the top developers for a wave-base game like thisthe graffics and gameplay design is beautiful and the animations are nearly flawless.tops killing floor 1 for sure8/10"
76561197970523646,Recommended,232090,15494119,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,icED-e@RtH,"A great follow up to the first KF, alot of fun to play and its only in EA. Cant wait to see how it develops over the early access period and finally see the finished product.!"
,Recommended,232090,15494079,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,◭Նᖻ☰유,"I recommend the game because it's fun, the gameplay is really good the visuals are amazing and I'm sure it will last years.BUT, be careful with the Early Access version. It's russian roullette. If you don't want to stress yourself out just wait for the full or at least somewhat stable version. What Tripwire said about it being polished is false. They are obviously unprepared for the amount of game breaking bugs out there. There are server problems and game launching problems. Many people couldn't even play 2 seconds of the game.I for one, had it working until it suddenly crashed and now it won't go past the intros. Meaning it suddenly started crashing on launch, on its own, for no apparent reason. Meaning I can't play it anymore until they find out about the problem and fix it. And considering the amount of ""other"" type of problems out there, different causes with the same negative results... it's going to take a while.Fixed my problem by running the game in only windowed mode. If I got fullscreen, it will crash."
,Recommended,232090,15494122,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,🔴 duNN',10/10
76561198153644116,Recommended,232090,15482363,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Neo0114,"Of course I recommend this game, but I have no idea why I cant play it fluently. My laptop system is definitely higher than the recommended system requirement. Can anyone tell me why?"
,Recommended,232090,15484491,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Baizou Disrespecter,THE BLOOD IS FLOOR
,Recommended,232090,15494694,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Godot,For those who haven't bought the game:You need to borrow my specs mate? You got Loadsa money.Hannibal Lector rates 10 bodies out of 10.
,Recommended,232090,15485617,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Hitha,"Huge fan of Killing Floor 1 over here, I gotta say that Killing Floor 2 is a big upgrade. Game runs very smooth with high fps and might be my favorite game this year."
,Recommended,232090,15489907,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,ShadoWalkeR,"One of the best zombie game i've ever played was Killing Floor 1, and this one is probably the best one so far, great job TripWire!"
,Recommended,232090,15490800,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,woah dude,Never ending fun and DOSH! GRAB IT WHILE YOU CAN LADS!
76561198073141249,Recommended,232090,15764119,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,memelord420,its a good game
,Recommended,232090,15482968,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,[K.lo] Chemwarss,eyegasms galore10/10 would erection again
,Recommended,232090,15484457,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Vonderhaar!!!!!,"NOTE: This is an edited review of Killing Floor 2, I last reviewed this game durning the launch of the game and I am going to touch base on the things they have added sinceThey changed so much stuff since the initial release, adding new maps was one of the problems I had with the game at launch but now that there are more, I coudnt be happier. Classes have also changed a lot which I really like. Thankfully they added new ones like Demo, and Firebug (which were in the original) and Gunslinger, though I have yet to play as all the new classes. The addition of The Patriarch was fantastic. I dont know if they have changed Mr. Folter yet, but if they have then great, cause it was needed. New maps as I said before are great and I enjoy playing them. Something I noticed that I beleive wasnt at initial launch was an ""after action report"" of somesort. Showing us who did what or what gun we did best with and how much XP we earned is a fantastic edition and I really like it. There are still some problems but beside that the game is good.I would most definently recommend and its well worth the buy"
76561198032370743,Recommended,232090,25356098,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,vince van gucci,"is not minecraft, gay."
,Recommended,232090,25541744,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Scout,"I know I don't have much playtime in the game, but I've been getting really into this game the past few days after being told of the rebalances. I'm just going to have a list of what I think are pros and con.Pros:1.) The perk level system in this game feels far better than KF. I found it a bit easier to level up perks that took a while in KF 1.2.) I think multiple bosses is an amazing idea and adds a little bit more fun when you reach the boss wave.3.) Versus seems like it would be fun to have, though I would have preferred the KFO mode from the first game. For those that don't know, KFO was Objective based and felt like a mini-campaign.4.) The new perks that are out right now are really fun to play with.5.) The options you get every 5 levels for your perks offers a bit of variety to each perk and it can be fun to try some of the other perk skills out.6.) This one is a bit mixed from what I saw, but I don't really mind the skins that much. The only thing I bought in-game was the box armour for $4 and I love it to death. That and some of the skins do look pretty good, as well as some of the cosmetics I've seen on others.7.) The double EXP weekend + increased drop rate on items is also something I think is nice to have to help those that want to level through normal gameplay.8.) The new voices for everyone is really fun to listen too and can be funny, at times.9.) The lock-on feature for the medic guns is awesome and helps newer players, as well as experienced ones, be much more reliable as a medic.10.) The game feels really balanced in its current state, but the SWAT is a little too powerful on versus mode. However, I like to blame the poor balancing for versus instead of the perk itself.11.) Some of the new weapons are really fun and my current favourite is the Pulverizer melee for the Beserker.12.) You can now create a lobby and make lobbies public, friends only, and private.Cons:1.) The versus mode NEEDS a rebalancing. Patriarch is broken as hell with how much damage he does with his melee, berserkers with the movement speed perk skill can outrun Patriarch until his health drains and makes the game last longer than it needs to be, the smaller zeds are somehow much stronger than the Fleshpound and the Scrake, they need to add the other difficulties or make the versus game able to have both medium(7 rounds) and/or long(10 rounds).3.) The matchmaking option is kind of dumb with how it keep reconnecting me to the same server and, if the server has a custom map that's failing to download, you'll be forced to look through the server browser.4.) Hans Volter is a bit underwhelming in the games I've played on Suicidal. I see his shield melt by my teammates and it takes the challenge away from the boss wave. The good news is this isn't a common occurrence.5.) The kick system is either bugged or needs to make it based on majority because I've seen good players get kicked when the voting was 2 votes for yes and 4 votes for no. I rarely see the vote kick poll started, but I've seen this happen twice and I think it's a kind of ridiculous. This can be even worse on versus where the zeds can vote and force the human team to keep a troll, AFK player, or a stubborn medic that refuses to heal so he can get kills to level his perk up.6.) The start up time is pretty awful. I'm not sure if everyone deals with this, but it takes way too long to start the game up.7.) Every major update, as far as I know, has reset the settings of the game and require you to fix them every single time.8.) The ""Survivalist"" perk doesn't seem very well thought out. Mid way through the skill choices you're stuck with either a medic grenade or a moly and neither of those are better than regular grenades in most situations. They could have had a heavy weapons guy or throwing weapons expert, martial artist(as originally intended), or just add new weapons instead of making a perk that seemed great on paper, but terrible when in play.This one won't be listed as a con since it's not really important, but I'd love it if the weapon inspection was a bit slower or maybe gave you a key to bind that lets you look at the skin or gun itself. I like the amount of detail on the guns, but it's hard to see with how fast the animations are.That's a semi-small list of things I think about the game and I hope it helped. This is the first actual review I've ever done so feel free to give me advice or list off a few things you think need to be added. I can update this to include more info and make it better for those that read it."
,Recommended,232090,25579414,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Cockroach,I sold this game to pay for a floor I could actually kill.Did not work as planned.P.S. Wood is not alive.
,Recommended,232090,25718010,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Excal,Making your neighbors mad with the volume too high because the songs are too good :D
,Recommended,232090,26679443,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Mr.Gheed!,"I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys killing zombies. It's exciting, exhilarating, and most of all satisfying. Great game to play with friends, leveling up all the classes, and beating the rounds. 10/10"
76561198078274857,Recommended,232090,15543276,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,ImalaSimak,Six years later and floors still can't kill you. 9.9999999999999/10
76561198155371354,Recommended,232090,21341369,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,RETRO_,"""I am 11/10 dissapointed"" NO! ♥♥♥♥ you fosty, this game is AMAZING"
,Recommended,232090,22308071,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Dreyson,"I enjoy the game and the versus mode is really funny and entertaining. its fun to kill players lol. personally i dont like the crates stuff but at least there is no ingame benefit like more dmg or something, so its okoverall a very good game and for me"
,Recommended,232090,22207811,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,StealthLionXD,MY NAMA JEFF
76561198156181082,Recommended,232090,22210228,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Dark prince,if you liked the first you will love this but make sure you have the requier ments
,Recommended,232090,22386548,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Red Queen,THIS. THIS. <3
76561198197598073,Recommended,232090,22333818,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,rbiermann.navy,FUN AND CHALLENGING WORTH THE BUY!! REGARDLESS OF WHAT OTHER PEOPLE THINK IT MEETS THE DESIRES AND EXPECTATIONS FOR HOW MUCH I'M SPENDING :)
,Recommended,232090,22376019,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Dieselyoyo | bolt.gg,whats all the bad reviews about? I was a massive kf1 fan and I also love kf2 ... yea it's not as great as the first one but goddamn it's a hella lot of fun stillYea you need a good rig for it but imp the game is quite awesome ... well .. unlike ya'll complaining I'm having a lot of fun with it
76561198068225996,Recommended,232090,22309163,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Sylveon,Good game interesting characters takes a bit long to level up though but still has good gameplay havent run into any glitches so it's seemingly bug less fun gameplay elements but a mostly boring story line zeds are also very interesting with their certain abilitiesin a nutshell. its a great game.
,Not Recommended,232090,22331062,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,SKZ,The lag and crashes god!!
76561197971669507,Recommended,232090,22371841,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,SkyvandrereN,Great PHUN
76561198282714483,Not Recommended,232090,22051316,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Horïzon,"I paid 32$ for this, lack of map, leveling is too slow, when you find some box for gun skin and character aperance you have to buy a ♥♥♥♥ing key witch is like 3,26$ thats ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, this is not a free to play why are there microtransaction i have like 4 pakage box that i cannot open because i would have to spend more then 1/3 of the game price ♥♥♥♥ing stupid, this is a cash graber nothing else ! do not buy"
,Recommended,232090,22315682,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Goldomond [DFS],It's like early KF1BUT BETTER10/10 more monesweg
,Recommended,232090,22386935,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Karl Noel Marx,Zeds. Lots of them. Don't forget your big guns.
,Recommended,232090,22308912,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Addapp,"Such an underrated game at the moment, the game feels amazing to play with the gore, music and gameplay. Weapons feel really fleshed out and realistic and overall its a very fun game to play currently with a lot of hours that can be had.Sure, they could have updated certain things before others such as having more maps etc but I feel like the game is pretty polished even now, negative reviews dont seem to be looking at the game as a whole but more at how they introduced microtransactions.One of my favorite games atm"
,Recommended,232090,22310798,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Dr Meme,The new LFD2. werf
,Recommended,232090,15503258,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,"Not Русски , Oкей ?",Needs more gore .
76561197986541538,Recommended,232090,26667023,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Multihog,"This review is mainly a KF1 vs KF2 comparison.On the surface level, KF2 has much higher production values than Killing Floor 1, but when you look deeper, the gameplay, feel, and atmosphere pale in comparison.KF2 seems somehow much cleaner than KF1, which had a very brutal, gritty feel to it. The lame metalcore soundtrack of KF2 makes this even worse. In KF1, the soundtrack is mainly comprised of brutal, raw death and industrial metal.The guns, to me, feel like toys, which is surprising since they said that they really wanted to make the guns feel right this time around. There doesn't seem to be much impact to the headshots. In KF1, each one felt satisfying. Here it's just nothing. I'm thinking it's the combination of the visual and the sound effect. In a game where you spend the majority of the time shooting zeds in the head, it'd better feel pretty damn good.The gameplay in KF2 seems to be more of a cluster♥♥♥♥. In KF1, the gameplay was way more tactical and there was less room for error. This feels way less methodical and more like running around shooting at things.The new sci-fi-style UI/HUD looks like garbage, and I can't stand it.Where KF2 wins is the graphics. KF1 looks outdated by today's standards. But to be honest, I liked it because there was less clutter on the screen, and the atmosphere more than made up for the lesser graphical fidelity in technical terms.This game is still good, but I still prefer KF1. For a newcomer, I don't know. It failed to impress me as a sequel.tl;dr: Overall, KF1 is better. Better atmosphere, music, and even gameplay. As a KF1 veteran, I didn't enjoy it. I tried to be as objective as possible, without nostalgia glasses. KF2 is still worth getting, though.---------------------------------------------------Year(?) after release update:Now that the game has been polished and a lot of dumb things have been ironed out, I'd say it's equal with KF1 in its own way. It's different, but I wouldn't say either game is straight up better."
,Recommended,232090,26679840,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Infantor,"Really good game, worth to buy!"
,Recommended,232090,26696797,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,FuckTrump,"To preface, I never played Killing Floor, so my review of a fresh game with no biases. I didn't play early access, so I am giving a review just for the finished game without previous knowledge of it.I got the game last night, played for 4 hours straight. The Zeds are smart and brutal. The game gives you options to customize, but not so much that it takes focus from wrecking zombies. There is true teamwork on harder modes. A TON of custom community content- I've seen some amazing custom maps. I never worry about cosmetics, so I can't complain about the RNG microtransactions. But if you spend 90 bucks on a cosmetic item, you're dumb but that's your business. It's about the gameplay, not microfluff.Pros-Music is badass. Really, best soundtrack for this genre I've heard.My middle of the road gaming laptop runs this beautifuly- that's saying a lotThe team based combat is great. Different classes and a minimalist skill tree.Cons-There is a big difference between players of different perk levelsIt can be a slow start if you don't make enough money first roundWeapon switching/reloading/self healing cancel each other out and take a whileThis game has been hella fun, and I'm sad I have to leave the house and stop playing.TL;DR:Worth it. Get it."
,Recommended,232090,24320169,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Lorde 'too long to say..,Nice game!!!!!!!
,Recommended,232090,24305126,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,alt right is alright,The Developers at TWI have started to listen to the community more and actually address issues rapidly.They also have been much more open about what they are aiming for now (Trello is amazing)Thumbs up from an old veteran. I believe that this will only get better now.
76561198026293870,Recommended,232090,15481130,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,McGriddle336,"AMAZING!!! A complete overhaul of the first one and done correctly. Its still EA so yea bugs are there, but not many.  GO BUY IT!!!   10/10"
76561198027625423,Recommended,232090,15481985,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Baden Powell,"Epic game, wait for years to play this. Hours and hours of pleasure incoming !"
,Recommended,232090,15483638,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,MrBuckie,"My balls just exploded after playing this. Yes, it's that awesome."
76561198009720882,Recommended,232090,15492093,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Unfuckwithable.,"Extremely funny, and if you enjoyed the first one, you'll definantly love this one too!Only downsides is the servers atm. But it's an early acess, and it's only been released for like 20 hours.8/10The 10/10 will come when they add more perks! :P"
76561197966855149,Recommended,232090,15503854,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Azta,"out of every FPS game i have (aside from CS) i prob enjoyed KF1 the most. always pulls it out for a round or two and have always found it pretty fun.then KF2 came out and oh my......i was playing with my headphone and it was a VERY INTENSE exp. girl friend actually filmed me playing the game and i was jerking around my chair & desk cos it was that intese.Buy it, play it and love it!!!!A BUY FOR SURE"
,Recommended,232090,15523215,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Jackson Grayman,"Here it is, Killing Floor 2. You are all here to see if its worth buying since you loved Killing Floor One! Well I can say, its worth it. What they bring to the Early Access is exactly that. Killing Floor. They are starting out with the basics, releasing new game mechanics as they go to balance and tweak gameplay. Its just what you want, improved Graphics, Great Weapons, slight fixes here and there and updated UI with perks to each class to customize your own class the way you want.I mean, you can run.. and hide but they will find you.EDIT: Since the ""REAL"" Major update, I am here to update my review on this game. I, for now shall keep this as a recommended buy but only if they get their own @#%! in a pile and either get rid of these Microtransactions or give us content considered a ""Full Release"". Now the Microtransactions are not that bad if they do not get in the way of the game but really? Even before the game is released? That being said, I am not bashing this game just yet but I would love to see more content updates or hell, give me my big pack of $5 DLC that gives me something more."
,Recommended,232090,15547269,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Quarles,10/10 would crazy zombie nazi doctor throw gas at me again.
76561198019329902,Recommended,232090,15604592,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,THREATENIN ZEPPELIN,Killing zombies how could you not like it
76561198016342891,Recommended,232090,15606739,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,MadeOfPanda,"If you have played the first killing floor, get this game.If you haven't played the first killing floor, still get this game.10/10It is an amazing coop survival you can play with your friends or meet some new ones. It is definitely one of the best sequels out there. Even if this game is only in early access i would definiely pick it up and play, you won't regret it. Beautiful graphics, tons of killing, great physics with guns and gore. Hands down one of the best purchases I've ever made.Thanks Tripwire!!"
76561198095985841,Recommended,232090,15613560,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,ARSFACE,UGH! Got a hard on right now.
,Recommended,232090,15616885,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Lucifer: The Savior,"Very good game, while not very many guns are currently in the game it still manages to be extremely fun. It is confusing when trying to transition from KF1 to this one because the weapon slots are reversed and the trader menu is different. It is still a very good game with lots of potential."
,Recommended,232090,26694771,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,chetan.N,Deamons
,Not Recommended,232090,33445133,Posted: 10 July,all,aLn|Steau,Each update seems to introduce another myriad of bugs that end in crashes. My crash reports exceed my rounds completed.
76561198038242856,Recommended,232090,15495864,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,[TBR]SureSight1987,Three magic wordsVISCERAL CARNAGE HERE!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyOR9B9Ht-4
76561198188680789,Recommended,232090,16017519,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,PegLegJim,This game kills every conceivable nazi zombie experience on call of duty. Must Buy
76561198030942079,Recommended,232090,15705640,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Babbity Puss (Mr.Fox),"This game is awesome! Addictive, gory, merciless. Tripwire knows not only how to make a great game but also how to spoil its customer base with a nice load of new content....for free.  Buy it!"
76561198022953240,Recommended,232090,15485002,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Little Boy Nithipong,killing floor 2 : โคลน l4d ผสม cod:zombie(6/10 B++)ผู้พัฒนาหน้าเงินครับ......ตัวเกมยังไม่มีอะไรที่บอกเราได้ว่ามันสนุกหรือไม่สนุก ด่านยังมีมาให้กูเล่นแค่สามด่าน ไม่แน่ใจว่าเงินของผู้พัฒนาหมดหรือว่าอะไร เพราะตัวเกมที่เราได้เล่นนั้น ยังเป็น Early Access อธิบายง่ายๆ มันคือเกมที่ยังไม่เสร็จดี ยังมี bugs อยู่นิดๆ ซึ่งผมก็ต้องชมนะว่า ผมเล่นไปยังไม่เจอ bugs เลยตัวเกม : เกมต่างจากภาคหนึ่งเยอะมาก ตัวเกมแก้ระบบ น่าปวดหัวบางอย่างที่ทำให้ภาคแรกไม่สนุก เช่น กด v เป็นการตบได้ ไม่จำเป็นต้องชักมีดขึ้นมาฟันเหมือนภาคหนึ่ง  มีการลดอาชีพจากภาคหนึ่ง (ไม่แน่ใจว่าอัพเดตรแล้วยังจะมีพวก pyro หรือ damo อยู่ไม) ทำให้อาชีพขี้กากอย่าง commando มีสีสันมากขึ้น   ที่เหลือ ตัวเกมก็เหมือนเดิมA.I. :  เดินโง่ๆเหมือนเดิม มีการเพิ่ม ท่าจับ เข้ามาแค่นั้นภาพ : โอเคขึ้นเยอะเลย บอกเลยว่าภาพในภาคนี้ ดูสะอาดตากว่าภาคที่แล้วเยอะ เลือดที่เลอะตามพื้นมันจะอยุ่จนจบเกม เป็นกิมมิคที่ชอบมากข้อเสีย : ไหนๆเกมมึงจะรีบออกแล้วจะ ช่วบทำด่านให้มันเยอะๆหน่อยได้ไม คือไอ้สามด่านที่เราเห็นตั้งแต่ตัวอย่างแรก เมื่อ 2ปีที่แล้ว มีแค่ไหน ก็ยังมีแค่นั้นอยุ่ ต้องบอกว่า เกมอย่าง kf มันเล่นได้เรื่อยๆเพราะมันมีด่านใหม่ๆรองรับ ไม่ก็ mod ซึ่งตอนออกมามีแค่ไม่กี่ด่าน พอเล่นจบโหมดยากสุดก็เบื่อป่ะ แล้วก็ไม่รู้ว่าอีกนานไม่กว่ามันจะอัพเดตรสรุป : มันก็ดีกว่าภาคหนึ่ง แต่ผมรู้สึกว่า เขาทำออกมา 599 บาท กับด่านไม่กี่ด่านมันยังดูแพงไปอ่ะ จะโอเคกว่า ถ้าราคามัน 399 ไม้ก็ 400ไปเลยนั้นหละแล้วแต่ครับถ้าใครชอบหรือรอไม่ไหวก็ซื้อเลย แต่ผมคิดว่ารอมันมีด่านเยอะๆไม่ก็ให้มันลดซักหน่อยกำลังโอเคเลย เดียวจะมีอัพเดตรหลังจากมีการอัพเดตรเกม
76561198038081215,Recommended,232090,25235901,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Queen bee,10/10
,Recommended,232090,25235284,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,capitalism,"Rough start, long lull during EA, but now it's a fantastic game. I'm excited for the future of development for this game and the additions even after its released."
76561198038410331,Recommended,232090,15558361,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,SpionNr007,"Really Great Game, Loved the first one, Love this one even more.Can't wait for the maps and perks to come ^^"
,Recommended,232090,15525133,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,syk9ssss,It's gr8 m8.
,Recommended,232090,15687919,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Advanced Garbage Exposure,"I killed the boss alone, but with teammates is ♥♥♥♥ing impossible110/110 would play commando with double barrel shotgun again"
,Recommended,232090,22293945,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,CrustyHO,"Just as good, if not better than the first! Chute dem zambies boi!"
,Recommended,232090,26698908,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Lheesy Covi,Pros:- Improved gameplay.- Visual effects and gfx that fits the current era- More perks with more weapons and down the line Tripwire will add more as time goes on.- Full mod support (can't stess this enough this breaths a lot of life in a game)- Community Dedicated servers along with Tripwires self hosted servers- Grotesque and over the top gore system the MEAT system that they call it themselves.- A good sound codec for voice chat which is ofc an essential for a new game- FOV slider (important absolutly essential to a FPS game)- Low price- Tons of intesting mutants(zeds) with different abilities and weaknesses for different damage types.- VS Survival (added recently) and hopefully perfected with balancing as time passes- Great OSTCons- Lacks a bit of the sinister atmosphere which made Killing Floor 1 such a hit.- Solo is really lack luster this is a co-op game playing solo is hardly fun at all (ofc you can find online games for that)All in all i could recommend Killing Floor 2 it gives you a good run for your money and a great Co-op/Multiplayer(VS survival) experience when you just want to mindlessly mow down some mutants.
,Recommended,232090,26676795,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,labtob,"I originally wrote a negative review for this game when it was in EA.  I gave it a few months and it vastly improved (performance and stability).While maybe not as adventurous as Left 4 Dead 2, consider this an arcadey arena experience worthy of your time."
,Recommended,232090,18731152,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Erik the Red,I played hundreds of hours in KF1 and had high expectations for KF2. Was not dissappointed.
76561198055631052,Recommended,232090,18890199,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Rafalo15,"For an Early Access game, this is easily one of the most complete (and properly functioning one) I've played. The voice acting is great, but the taunts just aren't as good as the original Killing Floor, but good nonethless and somewhat rectified with the recent addition of 2 classic characters with their original lines intact.This game is gun porn and sheer zombie slaying mayhem combined, each weapon looks and handles in their own individual ways and come with nifty animations as well, such as twirling a pistol, cocking a shotgun, or inspecting the clip of an assault rifle. And then there's the gore system, easily the best part of the game because of the things you can do with it and seeing the different ways in which you can dismember the zeds, whether it be through slicing their head off with a katana, setting them on fire or blowing them up with C4, there's a lot of fun to be had killing stuff.The game is difficult as well, but only if you don't know what you're doing or are stuck with a subpar team.Easily one of my top 10 games of this year, I recommend this to anyone who likes killing stuff."
,Recommended,232090,32720993,Posted: 24 June,all,Judas,good game 8/8 would rate again
76561198274567974,Recommended,232090,32711850,Posted: 23 June,all,PandieMorgan,i love this game fun community fast paced good leveling
76561198171146322,Recommended,232090,15981831,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Steve_Taro,"I would say this game doesn't have anything that much except shoot shoot shoot!, but it makes me addicted by playing over 5 hrs everyday. I would recommend someone who try to find bloody scenes everywhere."
,Recommended,232090,15479440,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,King Apathy,"I'll start by saying, I have never played the first Killing Floor. I didn't even own the game until a few months ago when a friend gave me a copy. However, even without any pre-exsisting expreience with horde survival games when I sampled the Beta I can truely say, that KF2 is easy to pick up and start playing. The supply buying menu is a bit confusing at first but anyone with general knowledge of how video games work can figure it out quickly. The combat is, while simple ""shoot Zeds till they die and don't get mauled to death"" feels good and satisfying. Enemy types contain all the ones from the first game as well as a few new ones. The motion and handling of guns feels realistic and as if you really are pulping someone's head with a shotgun. The options menu is fairly in-depth and varied enough that most modern machines can run it. Similar to the first game there are different perks (Classes) to level all the way to 25 making the game replayable, and requiring higher and higher skill and level to beath greater difficulties. Only 4 perks were avalible in beta but additional ones are in works and are releasing on Early Access. I do Youtube as a hobby and have 4 videos from the Beta containing gameplay with some friends on the Beta levels. With a team of up to 6 players, the difficulty ramps up the more people you have. Oh, and the blood never goes away. 9/10Biotics Lab -https://youtu.be/BmlhYks-BOABurning Paris -https://youtu.be/QBoaKlDIN3sOutpost -https://youtu.be/Bjq4eSB2tqYFirst Boss Attempt -https://youtu.be/MM92GY-O-eI"
,Recommended,232090,15747185,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Vrive,Everytime i get slow motion i have to reload.Still looks badass.10/10
,Recommended,232090,15485290,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,poma,Where's my sharpshooter.
,Recommended,232090,17874098,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Gottschkopf,"Great follow-up for the first installment, with many improvements and still evolving. Not extremely much content at the moment, but updating (semi-) regularly. Performance is fluctuating, with rather quick patching, but thats what early-access is about. If you were a fan of KF1, this is what you were waiting for (even if you didn*t knew it yet)."
,Recommended,232090,17882688,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Alpha Male,!NEEDS MORE CONTENT!Gun mechanics are flawless by the way
,Recommended,232090,22291223,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,daVid // PSN: Waveshaper__,"I could never really get into the first Killing Floor. The gameplay felt right, the ideas were very basic but top quality made and couldn't have asked for better. Yet, somehow the original game just ""felt"" bad. Like I was playing a different, older Unreal / Quake / Counter Strike / Call of Duty title with 1000+1 mods installed, and the whole game in general just gave away this feeling of cheapness and being limited by the original game that got modded to KF, expect there was no ""original game"".Killing Floor 2 however, kept everything that was good in the first and made a top quality graphics and overall experience around it to host Killing Floor 1. And it achieved this marvelously, with more small but together meaningful twists that changed the KF experience for the better. Slow motion now includes stylized black and white + red vision, reaching higher levels for a class now include some gameplay customization via perks and overall got more specialized in what they do (though at the time of writing this, despite having a high number of classes some specific playstyles are not covered that were there back in KF1).With the engine changes, everything got a quality tier higher - or more. The more treatening and massive enemies such as a scrake with a chainsaw are not only scary for being known for high damage in close range, now it's scary because it's massive, it's body communication is extremely agressive, usually covered in blood and relentlessly pursues you with such a burning hate and agression that it's really making it fearsome.Adrenaline is usually on top because of the heartbeat demanding bloodpumping mix of rock, metal, industrial and electronic music that these types of games with these type of visuals usually scream for but rarely get. And you can even swich between turning vocals ON/OFF to customize the experience for your liking.However there is always some downside, but these are really subjective topics. As a cooperative oriented game it's obviously intended to play with other people, however this either kills most of the gore-horror atmosphere if you guys use voicechat in ways... it shouldn't be used, or may include people who are ""so hardcore"" that they look at the game as statistics and numbers and well aware of the small exploits like standing on a specific spot to avoid getting hurt etc. and it's also killing the fun - for some. Again, it's just an opinion, some, including me are looking for the experience KF2's developers intended to share with us and I don't like when people mess that up. Like when some hardcore friend of yours keeps going on for 5 minutes on teamspeak about how this and that and this and that was better in KF1 and how this sucks. They can go to hell I say, Killing Floor 2 is a damn good game. Consider me a noob, but it's a perspective worth sharing in a review for others with similar thinking.Another thing is microtrasactions: this just kicked in recently so I'm treading carefully, but it seems similar to CS:GO/TF2/DotA2 skindrops, crates and keys. I've always been against such things, but as long as it remains strictly visual, is balanced enough to have some skins even if you are not willing to open your wallet for half hour work of textures, I can accept it in exchange for not having actual content locked behind paid DLC business model. Keeping microtransactions a very well guarded secret in a partially crowdfund early access game (it's nothing like other EA garbages, feels done for a long time and gets lots of content upgrades!), is a very shady move some might feel as backstabbing."
76561198031278248,Recommended,232090,22302804,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,13Jiban10,JUST YES NOTHING ELSE
,Recommended,232090,23549389,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,DUNCAN DONUTS,"EDIT 2: TWI has done a complete 180 on the game. Resistances are pretty much gone, the classes are more powerful than ever, and the game is in the best state it's been since it was first released on Early Access. I'm keeping the review for archival purposes (but changing the recommendation to Yes instead of No), but it no longer applies to the game as of early September 2016.EDIT: Tripwire has reversed some of the resistances, but not removed the stupid thing. It's more playable than before, but still not that fun. Plus, the team seems hell-bent on making the game more unfun and annoying to play, so I'm keeping this review up until Tripwire straightens up their act.I do want to note that Tripwire is communicating with the community a bit more than before, but I want to see positive changes, not just fluff.Let me say this straight: I loved the basics of Killing Floor 2's gameplay. The gore and gameplay are very satisfying and kept me playing for a long time. However, the latest update served as the straw that broke the camel's back and made me stop playing KF2 (at least for the time being). Here's why.* A horrible, horrible resistance system that turns Killing Floor 2 into a 90s RPG, like Baldur's Gate. Firearm damage is now divided per weapon type, meaning that a bullet from an assault rifle can do more damage against one enemy, but do terrible damage to another. It makes no sense. Because of this, most classes are dogshit against most enemy types in a half-baked attempt at promoting class diversity, making most of the weapons unfun to use; a cardinal sin, since one of the game's key points is fun gunplay. In order to be effective, you have to read a goddamn spreadsheet to know exactly what weapons suck and what weapons work against each enemy type. I'm serious. This isn't the 90s; you shouldn't have to read a spreadsheet and memorize a bunch of variables just to shoot enemies in the head.What's worse is that the resistances make no goddamn sense. A completely naked woman can take shotgun shots and explosions like a champ, but melts if she eats a handful of bullets fired only by an assault rifle. Meanwhile, a naked man on fire can tank nearly anything for no apparent reason. Fire I can understand because he's on fire, but damage from assault rifle rounds doing half damage? Really?You can get used to the system, but the fact of the matter is that there's no reason why this system was considered a good idea and fun. If you want to encourage class diversity, make the classes kick♥♥♥♥♥in their own way (which, ironically, Tripwire was getting close to until the Sharpshooter update dropped) or maybe make enemies weak to certain weapon types, not resistant to most of them. Making enemies resistant to attacks from most weapons for the sake of encouraging teamplay is awful; all it does is turn enemies into unfun bullet sponges.* The team blows off criticism they disagree with, which goes against the point of EA. Confront them about an issue, and they'll throw their feet down and say ""BUT IT PLAYED WELL IN INTERNAL TESTING"", as if a game being played by a handful of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in a small office that can consult the devs is equal to it being played online by thousands, often with complete strangers. If you're going to be like that, just make it a full game instead of pretending the game is Early Access and listen to people.*The Sharpshooter perk was delayed in favor of a PvP mode few wanted and that was essentially stillborn, despite promises that it will increase the playerbase more than a new perk would. It's poorly balanced and a mess to play to thanks human players being able to stomp human-controlled enemies, even with the Sharpshooter update revising it. Before the Sharpshooter update, PvP had one or two active servers at max. I expect it to go down to that level a week after the Sharpshooter is released.* Terrible patching system. Most companies would patch major issues as they came up; not Tripwire! Tripwire often packs a ton of fixes into one giant package released every 4 or 5 months instead of issuing quick fixes.One example is the auto-raging at the end of a wave; heavy hitters, like the Scrake, would automatically enter their rage mode (endless sprinting, mostly) when there were five or less enemies. There was no way to make them stop; if you didin't have enough people to deal with the enemy or a class that could handle him, the game was over right there with no chance to prevent this.The kicker? It took Tripwire several months to fix this, despite complaints about it appearing a few days after the patch that added it went live. Why would a game-ending issue allowed to persist for several months except for incompetence?* 1 step forward, three steps back when it comes to balancing. When Tripwire wants to nerf a class, they will nerf it into utter uselessness.The Berserk perk became quite powerful after the Firebug and Demolitions update. When people complained about it, it took Tripwire almost a full year to ""fix"" it, even though opinion was divided if it was OP or not. When they did ""fix"" it, it was nerfed to the point where it's currently useless thanks to a terrible rework of the Berserk's skills and the awful resistance system making all of the Berserk's primary weapons do half or less damage to every foe.I hate to post this review, because KF2 has solid and addicting core gameplay. However, Tripwire seems to have no idea on what direction to take the game, but seem hell-bent on making the game more obtuse to play for God knows why and ruining the core gameplay for the sake of making it hardcore or some crap like that.If Tripwire pulls their asses out of their head like Overkill did, I'll come back and give this game a positive review. For now, I'm not playing this game and I'm keeping this review up."
76561198008478581,Recommended,232090,23568978,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,PR*DUCT,"Good Game, again."
76561198075012397,Recommended,232090,24144003,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Polexx,"Mutants, dismembering, blood, bowels, again blood......Happiness for my eyes:)"
,Not Recommended,232090,24448468,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,WizBiz,"Get your bone saws ready for this stale survival game. Not only do you have the lack of progresion, but you also get a chance to sit months on end waiting for an update. If you enoy wasting your time on a game with nice jiggly physics, come on down!"
,Not Recommended,232090,24372394,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,AOD - Narphalex,"Left 4 Dead 2 is a better game. dont waste your time or your money on this until Tripwire can get their act together and listen to the community that they say they are ""dedicated"" to"
76561198154083522,Recommended,232090,24232377,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ANIMAL-MOTHER,Im so glad to see this game do so well and actually come out of early access.Congratulations to the team for all thier hard work and actually listening to players feed back.9.2/10 Great fun!
,Recommended,232090,18893147,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Noxcure,"First I want to point out one thing. This game is NOT for you that:Value quantity over quality. Get mad over some microtransactions, It’s there so deal with it. That never played Killing Floor before that rages over unfamiliar game systems. This is a unique game, learn it before judging.Now to the review: As this is still in early access the content quantity is not much, as expected. The quality is ridiculously high however. Following their blog about the development of this game, I would say that, it doesn't matter how much time it takes to create new content, because so much dedication and care is taken into making it. Me personally values good stuff that takes hell long time to make than something that is rushed. This is not EA, it’s Tripwire Interactive.The amounts of bugs is surprisingly small, yet expected. The graphics are top-notch, the animations is very real (motion capture) and the G.O.R.E system is nothing I’ve ever seen before.They kept the core of what is Killing Floor and built on top of it with additional features such as extended perk leveling, from 6 to 25. Two specialisations to choose from each 5 lvl. New additional versions of Clot namily Cyst and Slasher, all same core but different models and personality. New boss at the end and 3 new perks from the original 7. Not all are released yet. Weapons, zeds, characters, maps, everything is updated to compete with the world's most beautiful game, if it not already is.Sound is amazing, the layout is better than ever (updated from the kind of poor design in the beginning). Server management is working a lot better than Killing Floor. Tripwire is also living up to their promises in care and dedication into weapons realism, both real life weapons as well as fantasy weapons. Huge plus.If there is something to complain about it has to be too early released microtransactions. Me personally I don’t mind, but way too many people is not happy with it. Maybe could've waited until game release? Also I’ve seen some people having problems connecting to server. One of my friend refunded the game because of that. It is an early access after all for a reason. Feedback from the community and helping making the game better is a key to success."
,Recommended,232090,15785175,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Pharmacist,you're bad if you don't have this game.
76561197989426524,Not Recommended,232090,22911533,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Fluttershy_Bloodwings,The last update that added the rifle and crossbow just about ruined the game. hard mode became soooooooooooooo much harder and now the game just isn't fun to play. havent been on in like a month. Shame on you TW!!
76561198015556801,Recommended,232090,26684189,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Shawadywady,easy to pick up ....loud....hard.....easy......impossible....exciting.....enjoyable........this game ticks all the boxes. co-op multiplayer is just the icing....many layers of icing... on a giant cake of horrendous debauchery!!!! seriously!!! buy it!!!! support developers who know what they are doing! as you read this review you are wasting precious moments of your life not playing this   perfect game!
76561198046124254,Not Recommended,232090,23543831,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Dataman | Dogclicker,waste of money
,Not Recommended,232090,22156569,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,CoroneR,"I dont know why but i hate this version - I have tried to like it - but it lacks the dank atmos of the 1st, and there are some button mapping problems - and for me thats the worst flaw of a gameUpdate - I just had a few games after many months - this game is still just awefulIts like an old xbox port - crappy movments no feeling that your gun is doing anything, no atmos - just aweful - the 1st was better by far"
76561198109832416,Not Recommended,232090,22537377,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,montyphyton,"No actual story, gameplay (and especially dialogue) gets very repetitive after a while.  Not to mention annoying features like joining a game in progress can put you in a game on the boss level where you can't actually join the game but only spectate."
,Not Recommended,232090,22596352,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,/id/EarlyAccessLink,Doesn't have Fish AI
,Recommended,232090,15681878,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,laitsuZ,You should buy this. Hell a lot of fun and it's at good state even though it is early access.
,Recommended,232090,15493331,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,BraveDave,"No-nonsense full headon gory and pushy action packed hacking, slicing & dicing placed into a Zombie background.There are tactics involved in this game but most centainly not required to have loads & loads of fun.Zed Time feels like getting the oppertunity to take a breather while still splitting heads.Current content is sufficient, visuals look great and the environment is immersive enough in its current release state.Remember still Early Access.Recommended for sure.Meet me ingame to have a go ;)"
76561198002593500,Recommended,232090,15495022,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Ex_Infernum,DOSH DOSH DOSH !10/10
,Recommended,232090,15495724,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,ToxicTouchDK,This game is alot like the previous... That is a good thing!. we want more of the same and now it look stunning as well!Instant buy :-)
,Recommended,232090,15498555,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,You Can't Do That On Television,"When you find out theres a crossbow that schoots buzzsaws and use it as a chainsaw,,,,,,,,,IM DONE WITH LIFE I AM READY TO GO TO HEAVEN"
76561198001236976,Recommended,232090,15498785,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Tatosoup,Machette-shovel/crowbar is one of my all time favorite weapons now.
,Recommended,232090,15500541,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,shadowmar,"you like killing floor 1, right? of course you do.they made it better."
76561198112205003,Recommended,232090,15501016,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Gemi9,"A worth buying co-op game! Damn bloody war in there,satisfactory I would say. Let's have some Zed Time and smash those Gores together!"
76561198007503248,Recommended,232090,15507143,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Darcy,"Great game, very promising for the future too+ Graphics+ Voice Acting+ Detailed Weapons+ Reload Animations+ Slow-mo+ Explosions+ Dismemberment+ Gore+ VERY polished for an early-access title+ 6 Player Co-op fun+ 4 Classes with well thought out perks- Music is very meh- Poor Weapon Selection (accurate at time of review, & they are addressing this)- Not enough maps (accurate at time of review, & they are addressing this)Because of the early-access label, lack of content, BUT outstanding quality already evident, my conscience finds it difficult to criticise this game which we know will only get better (via more content).If you liked the 1st Killing Floor, buy this one, it's a modernised version of that.If you haven't played the 1st one, imagine COD zombies style but with better graphics and more gore.If you haven't played either of the aforementioned titles, buy it anyway to support a studio that has delivered good work in the past & looks to continue along the same path"
,Recommended,232090,15508758,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,MermoXe,"So imagine Call of Duty Zombies.Then imagine you taking that♥♥♥♥♥♥and shoving it in the garbage, then getting this.Then actually do it. Because it's worth it."
76561198070907216,Recommended,232090,15509585,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,SmeezY,"I've been a starcraft and starcraft 2 player for ages and I must say 11/10 on this game. I was expecting to be harassed about being bad in a shooter online (which didn't happen). The community even in early access is great!If you like headshots, killing things, killing things again, fast paced fps style shooters with a gorey, in your face, freedom bringing, death defying game that will have you feeling like a  sexual-tyranasauras while screaming 'Merica... Well this game may be for you.There is only one game mode available right now (4/23) which kind of has a horde-type feel from GoW. This game mode alone though is worth the cost imho. With more modes and levels to be released soon... you really can't go wrong picking this game up."
,Recommended,232090,15509956,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Snackyou,"Played the first game, loved it.First time playing the second game: split a zed vertically in half with a shotgun in slow-mo.........still loving it"
,Recommended,232090,15517348,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Fenixer02,A lots of guts and a lots of blood. Physics are so damn good. Don't forget to request some dosh from your teammates. DOSH DOSH DOSH grab it while it's hot!
,Recommended,232090,15523409,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,TeaBoneJones(2),"Guns, Gore, and Dosh...What more can you ask for?"
76561198202147916,Recommended,232090,15541402,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Roly,ez 1 fasza játék.done
76561198076388928,Recommended,232090,15545924,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,British Adam,Fantastic game. Very satisfying gameplay/gunplay despite rinse & repeat as you'll always try things differently etc. Plays amazingly smooth considering it's early access - it's actually a lot more stable than most AAA game releases & I've had zero problems. More people need to purchase this game & support Tripwire. Trust me you won't regret it
76561198112014798,Recommended,232090,15559346,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Loir,"Hi everyone, here is my evaluation about this ""beta"" game.Ive play a lot from KF1 and im happy that Tripwire get the same gameplay for KF2.+ :Same gameplay than KF1Nice graphicsBrutal (song, gore, blood and guns make it very good)A + from KF, you can choose advantage depending on your perk and you can switch between waves. Its pretty cool25 lvl its perfect imoI didnt get 'real' bug from now (15+hour playing)Not a lot of weapon but its enough for the actual perks- : (i mean, its what i want to see in the game when hes gonna be released)more maps (on the way, i know)new weapons for new perks (i suppose demo and flamethrower will come back)6 perks (what about 10 perks ? its enough..)random boss at the end of a game will be greatPrivate server !another game type (objective/scenario ?)maybe 1 or 2 other type of zed ?So its a very good game from now, i hope tripwire will not put 10 diffrent perks on this game, it will be useless. 5 or 6 its fine.So keep it on the good work guys, i cant wait for the release ! Thanks."
,Recommended,232090,15573225,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,DoctorThrax,I have been playing Killing Floor since 2010 and after all this time Tripwire release Killing Floor 2. I only buy early access games if I am content with how they look and play when I buy them. I do not buy games hoping they will get good down the line. Even though his is during its early access period but for a mostly finished product this game still has more polish and more balance in it than some finished $60 AAA titles I have bought in recent years. Tripwire did not disappoint at all and I am looking forward to what Tripwire has up their sleeves for the full retail release of Killing Floor 2 in the coming months. Tripwire has also released the SDK along with the early access so the mapmakers are already hard at work porting HD remakes of classic Killing Floor maps and creating brand new maps for everyone to enjoy.The evolution of Killing Floor 2 will be a sight to behold.
76561198018681287,Recommended,232090,15574897,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Felix,"Absolutely FANTASTIC game, and it's still in early access. This game stays very true to the Killing Floor formula. The gore and guns are mind blowing, shoot a zed in the face and watch the bullet rip flesh off to expose skull, keep shooting and watch the skull open up and brains drain to the floor. Shoot in the abdomen and watch as intestines fall to the ground, where you can kick them around and watch them jiggle.Using fast shooting guns on a group of zeds is stunning, the bullets just cut them in half and you can watch the body parts slump to the ground in an ever growing pool of blood and gore.At the time of this review i have under 20 hours game time, and already i honestly feel i have gotten my moneys worth. Play the game with your Killing Floor 1 group and i promise you guys will have a FANTASTIC experience.Solid 10/10 on this game, if you like killing zombies you will seriously enjoy this game! If you enjoyed Killing Floor 1, this is a must have game.My hat goes off to Tripwire for how well they did with Killing Floor 2!"
76561197992698750,Recommended,232090,15575743,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,A dog,A Killing Floor fan's wet dream. And it's not even finished yet.
76561198071075587,Recommended,232090,15600396,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Farseerko,"""Fockin osom""10/10P.S.We need some mini-game like flappy-blot in da loading screen"
76561198130087541,Recommended,232090,16436284,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,phant0mspartan MR killing floor,very fun game improves from the first one. i love how each person has there own voice actors. the game is in beta i guess. they are gonna add way more weapons which i cant wait. love the graphics
76561198142614517,Recommended,232090,16460248,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,drucci_mane,sick game
,Recommended,232090,16517913,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Biribiri,"this game is a great co-op experience and you really don't even need to understand the first killing floor to  be able to play this, currently the game has limited maps and perks but content will be coming by the bundle. there are some problems like zed AI being awful at getting you and the circling method is still being used like crazy but in time it might be addressed, and music is amazing. if metal is your thing then try the digital deluxe edition because the soundtrack has some great variety and that sh*t can get you pumped aFFFFFFFF. it's the type of game where working together and actually doing what your class is meant to do ensure a good victory for you and your squad. AND LETS NOT FORGET THE INSANE AMOUNT OF GORE DETAIL THEY PUT IT IN WHAT YOU'RE SHOOTING AT. AND THE GUN DETAILS TOO~~~11111some major cons i can say about the games are how leveling is absolutely stupid long, no matter what difficulty, if you're new at the game you're gonna get stomped because there's no tutorial so it's do or die. but these cons aren't game breaking or somethingsome classes just need a whole redesign for perks(for ex, a support can drop an ammo box that can be actually used instead of having ONE clip for an entire suicidal round), some classes need buffs too if you ask me.like how come every class can get extra damage from leveling but not medic (if you're gonna tell me medics aren't supposed to do damage argument i'm going to tell you the you can't even kill a fleshpound by yourself because you do no damage)how come beserker players are forced to be exclusively melee, you're forced to go out there and fight without having to worry getting melted, you could literally pray to god your medic can remember you but if they don't have your back you're basically tanking for nothing. i understand he's a melee class durrrr but you have no way to fight from a safe distance because your melee weapons hurt more than your only 2 ranged weapons which btw aren't that great. so maybe give them a much better health regen perk that ACTUALLY DOES IT'S JOB or maybe an escape tool in case things go to hell.it'd be great to know that your guns are actually doing something because sometimes sure does feel like i'm shooting at an angry sponge at higher difficultiesflamethrower????????????????oFF PERK?????????????????????????????????????dOING NO DAMAGES???????????????????????????????????????????????????? why is this okay"
76561198011919985,Recommended,232090,16691588,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Juanillo,"Amazing game, if you love gore and all around intense simplified survival with friends GET THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,232090,16532211,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,mgk | Praesi,"Not much to say about it.Its´ KillingFloor with better Grafics, nice Weapon Feeling and better EndBoss.If you like KillingFloor 1, you will like KillingFloor 2."
,Recommended,232090,16591168,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,qwertysqwertle,"Game is fantastic there is fun maps (only 4 but obviously this is still in the works) the enemies are tough, everyone actually cooperates (unlike every other game ever) and the gameplay is solid, havent found many bugs if any at all, and the most fun is when i melee the enemies when they have no head, MAKE EM SUFFER!"
76561198069962043,Recommended,232090,16674483,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Punisher,This is game is good but it needs more weapons.
76561198199284929,Recommended,232090,16556579,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Pavenge,Awesome game !! I love to shoot at zed's head
,Recommended,232090,16664195,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Lt. Keksimus Maximus,"Very great game. Lots of improvements, such as the chat system(A real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥in KF1), server system (Also a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥in KF1), nerfing the Siren (Mainly the range and overall damage being dealt), and giving individual voices for the playable characters. Tripwire also made a lot of great weapons, some that came from the original game, such as the Vlad the Impaler nail gun or the katana.I hope that Tripwire will listen to the consumers and make weapons and even characters that the consumers want. I, for one, want to see dual weilding glocks once Tripwire updates Killing Floor 2 and adds the Gunslinger class. I also would like to see the return of the Husk Fireball Launcher, but with the function of a flamethrower since the Husk can create a cone of flames on either the Hell on Earth or Suicide difficulty.Anyways, so as long as Tripwire continues to refine KF2 and add more content often, I'll give this game a 7.5/10. Really good game."
,Recommended,232090,16668717,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,CaptainCall,"Heard about it before and i thought eh its not really my style, But ever since ive started playting I cant stop. For being an early access game, its in a great state and updates to come. Definitely buy it."
,Recommended,232090,16543100,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mr. Black,"Great graphics, so much blood and great impovments on the first game.Still in early access so I can't wait for new classes and maps to come out. It doesn't feel like an early access game and Tripwire responds to feedback well with regards to updates ect.10/10 would paint the floors red again."
76561198198896303,Recommended,232090,16696259,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,50 Shades of Cage,"So as of writing this review I've had 7 hours of this game piled up, and I've gotta say this game has a lot of pros, but unfortunately a lot of cons.Positives- The gore is fantastic, looks amazing and the slow motion makes you feel like a badass- Weapon play is good, but the reloading needs a little work, I shouldn't have to wait while my character puts his gun down at his side after putting in a clip a second later which can be a matter of life and death in later difficulties- The classes feel unique but could have more depth to them- The weapons and equipment are well detailed, cudos*CONS*- It doesn't seem to just be me, but there is a lot of lag in the servers- The levelling up is tedious. It took me 2 maps to get to level one (1 hour gameplay)- Now I know this is early access but this game needs more maps, I've memorized every nook and cranny of 3 maps already. Not a good sign- Again, early access, but we need MOAR WEAPONS!- Commando weapons need more oomph, more feeling of impact on enemiesOverall it's a fun game to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up in and talk about to your therapist later on if you're playing solo.♥♥♥♥♥♥s scary solo. Trust me."
,Recommended,232090,16545697,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,[IcG] Colonel_Murphy,Amazingly fun Coop game. And it's not even released yet. A++
,Recommended,232090,16592985,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ObeseSausage,"**EARLY ACCESS REVIEW**For an early access, ima go out and say this is a definate must get if you have enjoyed the first Killing Floor. People will tell you no, it's not finished, not enough content, a few minor bugs here and there. Keep in mind it is Early Access so don;t expect to get the most perfect Enchilada just yet. Let the devolpers marinate it with more goodness until perfection.~Graphics are 100 time sbetter than the first one (i'd be surprised if it wasn't considering how old it is and how long it took for the sequal lol)~The smoothness is rly good, no more clunky feels.~Has a few weapons but thats cuz its still Early Access. (The hammer Berserker uses turns me on)~Same mobs so far so hopefully they add special new ones? (i think there are like 1-2 new mobs but they arent that awesome/unique. Just a new skin almost)All in all i would recommend this game to any Killing Floor fan and to people who enjoy bloody gore slaughter survival teamwork type of games.(BTW!!! Match Making is now easy because you dont need to have someone create port fowarding changes and all that jazz. Easy as, 1. invite friend, 2. Pick map 3. play. Woooooooooooo)"
,Recommended,232090,16641609,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,| n✪x |,One of the best Team Survival game I have tried :)Would love if you could customize Charartes and Weapon  abit more
,Recommended,232090,16655441,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,REGG420,"I like pulling weeds. It’s repetitive labor, but it feels good every time I yank a prickly stem and up pops a bundle of roots with a puff of dirt. It feels good to make visible progress from one side of the garden to the other. I like popping Zed heads in  Killing Floor 2 for sort of the same reason. It's a splash of blood and guts rather than a puff of dirt, but it’s more therapeutic than it sounds."
76561198023383968,Recommended,232090,16662715,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,t3hrazor ✯,"Killing Floor 2 is alot better than the first, to say the least, other than that this game is pretty the same all the time (except updates in perks and maaps) but i am still a huge fan of kf2 because of the glory in just running away from zombies while shooting them apart, literally APART!.The game itself has pretty decent+ graphics, but for nvidia users you get gibs and fluid details, wich is incredible.Negative : Lots of bugs wich of course updates all the time, but still annoying.But still eventhough i'm pretty bored of the game at the moment i still ♥♥♥♥ing love it and gonna play it for years, so yeah its ♥♥♥♥ing worth it."
,Recommended,232090,16431961,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Kraft,"It's KF1 with more gore, better visuals, awesome performence, less clunky gameplay, and less content, even if you ignore the fact that it's in early access because you are a cynical ♥♥♥♥♥ this is well worth the money already.Buyers from Germany (and other stickuptheass places, like Australia) beware, it might get censored, if you are unsure let someone gift it to you from a less stupid country once it gets released."
,Recommended,232090,16512497,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,DM23,"Bought it based on my love for the first one. Brilliant game, mindless but what you need."
,Recommended,232090,16526576,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Bionic Abe Lincoln,"Fun and refined, but a little bit sparseWhile the title says ""Early Access"", I can assure you this isn't one of those half-baked Early Access games that's mechanically broken; as far as I have seen,everything that's in KF2 so far feels very reliable and well thought out.If you played the first Killing Floor, you'll be happy to know that KF2 smoothes a lot of the rough edges present in the first game, a few to mention:Interface is good looking, easier to operate and less clunky in general (e.g., now if you're grabbed by a Clot, you can tell by an effect put on your screen instead of wondering ""am I grabbed, or did I clip into something?"")Game is just really good-looking in general.  Lighting, shaders, animations, all of it looks very nice.Tired of joining a game late and having to make do against fleshpounds with whatever pocket change you'd start Wave 1 with? No more, joining late gives you some bonus dosh.More music variety, while keeping the feel consistant.New shop menu is cleaner and a bit easier to understand, though I feel it might still flummox newcomers a bit.  Being able to mark your favorite weapons to get them quickly off-perk (hello, medic pistol!) is very nice.Guns are no longer hideously expensive if you haven't taken the few months to level your perks up all the way, or if you're off-perk. (hello, medic pistol!)Being a medic used to demand being able to finely aim the medic dart at your teammates, accounting for distance and latency.  No more!  All medic guns now ""chirp"" at you when you aim at a teammate with less than 100% max health, and that chirp lets you know that the dart-launcher has locked on to them, making healing your teammates in a hectic fight much easier.A genuine effort to making melee combat more involving and innovative.  That exploding sledgehammer is a treat.If you're one of the people who missed the old voice packs (like me), ""Classic"" versions of two characters were added for those who already owned Killing Floor 1 with the classic voice packs, even expanded to include all the new Killing Floor 2 lines by the original VAs.Still, a few complaints at time of writing:Here's the big one: As I mentioned, the ""Early Access"" flag on this game doesn't refer to broken mechanics, so it's got to bite the game on its derriere somewhere:the game still feels very anemic content-wise, for example:Only 4 perks in the game at the moment. There are obvious signs of intentions to add more, such as the presence of the flamethrower with the absence of the firebug, but some of the missing perks are fun niches like sharpshooter and demolition.In line with the previous con, only 4 classes worth of guns included at the moment, and each gun fills its own ""price point"" so when progressing through a match it's less of ""which gun will I choose for this wave?"" and just ""Should I skip the medium gun and get straight to the big one?""Only 4 stock maps available at the moment (although there was only 3 in the beginning, and they added a full one with the first update so if they keep up that pace...)Loading times feel longer.  Optimization not completely finished yet?  Too many hi-rez textures?  I'm not entirely sure.Before I end the review, some pointers and observations:When the boss charges at somebody while rambling about stealing health, or is stealing health while rambling about stealing health,don't bother shooting him, he's nearly invincible.  Just help heal his poor trapped victim, and then unload on him when he lets the victim go.When using melee weapons and their standard swings, you influence which kind of swing you get by whether you're walking forward, strafing, or walking backward when you pressed mouse1.  If you want to golf-swing more Clots with your exploding sledgehammer, start your swing while walking backwards!As mentioned above,all of the medic guns make a little chirp when you point at teammates who need health, and the chirp also lets you know you've locked on to them.  Take advantage of this, it makes healing and getting XP a lot easier.In summary, a nice and very well-polished game that is only Early-Access due to not all of the content being present yet."
76561197968295111,Recommended,232090,15602552,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,FrankieSan,"All the fun of Number 1, with oodles on top.You must have this game!"
,Recommended,232090,15602884,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,iMod,"You know a game is good when it's not even done-it only has 3 maps, a little over 20 weapons, 8 characters, and 1 gamemode and the user reviews generate ""Overwhelmingly Positive"". That's when you know it's worth the money.."
,Recommended,232090,15607558,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Mr_TurleyMan,"I have played a lot of the first killing floor and I spent a lot of that time as a medic, because armour. In kf 2 I fell like medics are being pushed to kill stuff as your level is now based on xp not healing points and getting xp is easier to just kill stuff. For example 2xp for healing someone, 10xp for killing a crawler depending on the difficulty, shooting 1 bullet into a crawler is just easier. As well as you getting more xp for other zeds. However apart from that it is just what I hoped for in kf 2. would rate 8/8 m8 don't h8 just appreci8 and masterb8 on a pl8."
76561198000608773,Recommended,232090,15618094,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Fluff-E-Kitty,"I like it. I will say it dose not seem to captivate me as much as the first game, however, its very fun.The skin and crate systme is a bit odd , but the marekt is satruated with most of the skins about 2-3 weeks after thigns come out, so if your going to put money into it, just wait a bit and the marekt prices go down. you can also now recycale crates so there is that.They have been adding in thigns like VS mode, and diffrent units that are new. all of that is fine, but its kinda detracts from why I was interested in it a bit. BUT its still fun... for now at lest."
,Recommended,232090,15618580,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Vevend,"If you liked Killing Floor in any way shape or form you are going to just love the second.  They bring everything good from the first game and then add so much more.  Personally I loved being a Beserker in the first one, in this game it feels so good and the motion of knocking zeds all over the place is just so rewarding."
,Recommended,232090,15620574,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,NidEks,재미없으시다구요?  레포데나 하러가세요
,Recommended,232090,15628079,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Oddbot,"Great FPS horde mode with visceral combat. Horrificly beautiful gore mess. Trustworthy company which has kept Killing Floor 1 alive with free updates for years. There is no way they're bailing on their patrons for Killing Floor 2. Dozens of hours of fun with just a third of the game, worth buying in its current state. A few bugs, but less so than I would've expected for the first month of early access!"
,Recommended,232090,15676986,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Pote de sorvete com Feijão,"Still very incomplete, but its even better than I expected.Gameplay is tight and well ballanced, although the limited number of perks brings a few issues (for now).Highly recommend, but you might want to wait for the full release if you absolutely want the full KF experience.but do buy it at some point!"
76561198004091326,Recommended,232090,15699005,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Flugrekorderait,"This game... man, where do I start?Well, this is an Early Access game, but don't let that stop you from buying it if it interests you! Despite the EA title, the game is surprisingly smooth and fluid. The M.E.A.T. system is in full swing, the Zed Time is absolutely beautiful with their 200 FPS gun animations, and the consistent blood from wave to wave is just awesome.While there are only four classes right now, they each feel unique and apart from one another, each bringing something unique and helpfull to the team and the game, whether it's the Field Medic's heals, or AoE healing grenade, to the Support's ammo replenishment and more. There will of course be more classes added along the way and post-release, and I can't wait to see how they affect the overall feel of high-level play.The guns are just amazing. They feel realistic and the detail in them is astounding. And when someone triggers Zed Time, the massive amount of animated detail you see, as well as the distinct audio you hear, is really just great. The weapons, like the classes, feel unique and each brings something to the table. There are a relaltively low amount of guns in-game so far, but hopefully there'll be a lot more added before or by release, and from what we've seen in KF1 when they took their original 19 guns to 70-something, I'm sure we'll be treated to a feast of various guns.As of right now I've really only used the katana in melee, and damn is it fun! Slicing and dicing a Zed up with the katana is one of my favorite things so far, and seeing the detail in cutting one in half, vertical or horizontal, decapitations, and so much more just makes a gorefest of a game like KF2 all the better for it.The level designs, of which I believe there are currently only three, are top notch and just awesome. The over all detail that went into each design is just of epic porportions, and the graphical quality isn't lazy in the least. However, I am a little sad to say that in some areas of some levels, and with some groups, there really doesn't seem to be a need to move from one killing room to another. I've always loved the idea of welding doors shut to stem the tide of Zeds, while having an escape route planned, and while you CAN do this, most of the groups I've played with really just... don't.Why bother running from one area to another, then to another, when one convienent courtyard is just perfect the way it is? After buying stuff from the vendor at the end of each round, practically every group I've been with simply just ran back to the 'best' area and camped  there wave after wave. However, I've only played on the Normal setting so far, which is the very bottom of the food chain in a list of difficulties the names of which alone give me night terrors. So in all fairness, this complaint could very well evaporate at the higher difficulty levels.And last but certainly NOT least, the audio. Hearing the sounds of the Zeds coming for you wave after wave in progressively larger groups is all the more chilling with just how well it sounds. Each Zed has a scream, growl or a call that convincingly travels and echoes, bouncing off walls and the like, from the shrill, uber high-pitched Siren's wail, to the sound of a Scrake's chainsaw ripping to life as it growls so loud you can hear it from wherever you are. The guns not only sound amazing, but they sound convincing, too. Hearing your teammates popping off rounds from the other end of the level really caught me off guard with how accurate it sounded.Oh, and the metal music? <3Do I reccomend this game? Yeah, I do. Whether you're an FPS fan, a zombie fan, or just a fan of brutally high-definition dismemberment in glorious slow-motion, this game is just awesome. Well worth $60 to me, and that they're only asking half that is just so much the better. Buy this game. Have all the funs.-Flugrekorderait"
,Recommended,232090,15709894,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,CedrickGaMeZ,"Very,Very,Great game. 10/10 only problem is fleshpounds are so hard to kill ;-; pls nerf them <3."
76561198040866260,Recommended,232090,15786918,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,TЯIGGEЯ,"Heaps of fun with friends and randoms, Great game !"
,Recommended,232090,15933304,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,⎛⎝Ibuki Mioda⎠⎞,Why are the scrakes the new flesh pound? Ibuki shrieks like a goat when she sees one spinning round right round like a record baby round round round.
76561197961420119,Recommended,232090,15977337,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,The I-throw PLUS,as of right now 5/23/15 killingfloor 2 is a good game... it has a ways to go to be the great game that kf1 is but it is on the right track. trip wire have themselves a great foundation in this EA build. i would recommend it to any one who loved KF1. as long as they know it is missing alot of content in it current state.
76561198080516863,Recommended,232090,16013465,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Mhuuz,"The game it self seems promising, HOWEVERThere's NO updates coming into this version, i have started to think it was released in Early access just to grab money and the actual game is being tested in a closed beta.There has not been a single update for the past 2 months.EDIT: 3 months.EDIT: New map! Wou.EDIT:2 monthsEDIT:New map! Wou.EDIT: New class! Sort of."
,Recommended,232090,16021854,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,DaiGunza,10/10 would not look for bling againotherwise the games a'ight
,Recommended,232090,16049793,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Akshak_Neti,This game is awesome. love the updates.
76561197960687877,Recommended,232090,16222076,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,.swn,"graphics are very good, all around game play is good, looking forward to future updates to the game"
76561198032570503,Recommended,232090,16228953,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,weed,Beautiful Death
,Recommended,232090,16234313,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,GoldMasterFLEX,"The fast-paced, addicting gameplay of the first game returns, with a graphical face lift and improved gore system.The early access version of this game is more fun than most finished games."
,Recommended,232090,16281546,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Mustache Girl,Awesome for an early access game. Could have played 100 hours with the content that came out day 1. Can't wait for the finished product!
,Recommended,232090,15593169,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,m550,"Based on Experience Week one since EA release date(4/21,22-4/27). Currently still on EA so not sure about future of the game.It's amazing, and currently seems promising as an actual Killing floor with new graphics.Speak about graphics. Although it's using modified UT3 Engine, but it seems still up-to-date for me.Perks are quite balanced, especially medic one, at least ""not have to heal your teammates"" to level up, also have some firepower to support squad too.And zeds. Same old zeds, but with new trick and unexpected attack/ambushes(for higher difficulty) so highly recommend expect everything  before start the game/match.and Sound effects/tracks are pretty well done, though i have some audio issue like shuttering/lagging or so:/. but soundtrack seems pretty Out-stand to whole video games recently(besides it really fits the game style too).Last but not least, ZED time. it just making a reason for why you should playing Killing floor Series, Killing'em with Style in Slow-mo(though you can't do the same trick to the floor:P).To be honest, i think it can worth 30-40$ as best protential.Killing floor 1 was underrated, this one would be worth more attention.==============================================For these people to busy to read or trying to make a tl;dr jokeBought it, Do$h whole da floor, Enjoying without any regret.Rating: £OD$£MON£/DO$H(cuz it's too awesome so i had to use DO$H as rating system:P)And of course,""KF veteran guaranteed""."
,Recommended,232090,15603536,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Morty,it do the good
,Recommended,232090,15606545,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Pubmaster111 -iwnl-,"If you loved the first killing floor, then this one will surely not disappoint. The Graphics are immaculate, the game play is just what you expect from killing floor. The gore is fantastic tripwire really nailed the M.E.A.T. (Massive Evisceration and Trauma) system, when you shoot a zed in the head they loose chunks of their skull with every shot until their head is completely blown off, when you throw a grenade into a group of zeds the carnage is unreal, limbs and organs will be sent flying as well as the massive amounts of blood. Overall Killing Floor 2 is well worth the buy if you like a intense gore filled horror shooter that will keep you on your toes for hours on end."
76561198038226808,Recommended,232090,15609243,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Sharon Mustafa,"The long awaited, well-deserved graphic upgrade game is finally here!Killing Floor 2 is a promising game that retains it's loyalty to the first KF concept while leaning more towards combat realism. Although the atmosphere may not appear to be as eerie as the first KF, but the maps will still elevate you to the level of thrill and excitement.Believe me, as a KF fan, this installment of KF didn't let me down. Worth the play, worth the DOSH. Go get it now!"
,Recommended,232090,15613404,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,GlaringLamb,Its a bloody good time!
,Recommended,232090,15615761,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,arzjee,another excellent dosh simulatorstrong 10/10
,Recommended,232090,15616882,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Tanya Degurechaff,"Same as before, same wave based killing, buy your guns inbetween waves, though a new and more difficult boss.Now that's not to say this game is bad, upgraded graphics, the detail of each weapon is intricate to the point of awe, I can barely take my eyes of the weapons. The new gore system definitely brings the game to a whole new level of bad assery and you can be sure you'll be proud of the mess you've made. The soundtrack including Demon Hunter, and other big named artists definitely fits the vibe and tone of this game, though ofcourse you can mute the in game music and play your own. Some new creatures such as the new boss, lets just say the Patriarch looks like a pansy in comparison for those who've played the first game. Now in it's Early Access stage there's currently, at the time of this review, only 4 classes, Commando, Berserker, Medic, Support, and more to be added later. There are only 3 official levels, Outpost, Burning Paris, Biotics Lab, also expect more later. There are some custom maps, but most of them at the moment are for leveling up classes, and take away from the fun this game has to offer also expect any map of the like to not let you level your classes at some point, they will be blacklisted and you may lose your progress in return. If you've never played Killing Floor then you may not like this game, if you have, then you know what you're getting into and what to expect, and possibly may love the game as much as I do.Graphics - 10/10 (Based off current generation standards and my opinion)Sound - 10/10Gameplay - 9/10 (Full controller support, Keyboard/Mouse work flawlessly, and button mapping for controller is available)Replay Value 10/10 (Class progression and leveling up for that additional class bonus is worth playing again to get stronger)Overall - 10/10Conclusion-Same game as the first, new locations, some new weapons, some new classes, graphics upgrade, soundtrack is awesome, sound quality is awesome. If you like wave based killing like CoD Zombies, then you may like this game.** I recommend this game in my opinion due to my experience with the first game and I would not recommend it to anyone who may just want more in a game, a game like DayZ."
,Recommended,232090,15618926,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,xxxxxxxxxxd,This game was amazing  and  this is better than cod awPros:-Upgraded ranking system-New weapons-New maps-Dosh-Sprint-Perks-Improved Graphics-Upgraded ranking system-More Blood n Gore-Mr Foster-More DoshCons:-Only 3 maps-The weapon is not much to choose on shop-The boss look like an alien not a zombieeeeHIGHLY RECOMENDED
,Recommended,232090,15660202,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,-⑨- Fluo,"A good fun game, if you missed l4d2 and killing floor 1 and wanted to get back into a decent zombie game this is the one"
76561198024627936,Recommended,232090,15661925,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Kyle.Z,I just love it
76561198206614076,Recommended,232090,15676933,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Cheetah,"This is probably the most fun I have had in a game. This game is currently early access, there are only 3 maps, 4 perks and a handful of weapons but it so good in it's current state. It feels like a polished game, just with reduced content. While in early access Tripwire have said that progress will be wiped, and I look forward to levelling again when it is.The good bits:Weapons - Powerfull, detailed & realistic. They handle how I would imagine a real weapon to handle, and recoil. The recoil is realistic.Zed time (slow motion) - This is mind blowing, seeing the head of a zed explode in front of your eyes with blood exploding all over you is a sight to behold. Seeing grenades blow up twenty plus zeds that have just broken though a broken door is impressive. Seeing body parts fly everywhere, and blood, and everything. Watching your bullets flight through the air and make contact with the zed, watching their body react to the impact. Beautiful.The blood - This stuff covers the map, its brutal, and not for the feint hearted.The maps - Great detail and you can pretty much break everything. Walls explode when you shoot bullets into them.The boss - This guy is a pain to kill. We only have one boss, Hans, but he is fun to defeat and you get a great sense of achievement when you see him take his last breath.Teamwork - Teamwork is key to winning. A good medic is vital. When your medic is dead, you realise how much you miss them. Commandos, they help clear the trash, the smaller zeds. Support, wow, the power of the AA12. This thing clears an entire room. You need your support when dealing with fleshpounds/scrakes.The bad:Current lack of content, but this is an early access game so I knew what I was getting.Conclusion:This game is so simple, and yet its so much fun. The level of detail, the music, the sound of the chainsaw and roar of the scrake. The growl of the fleshpound, the scream of the siren. Everything is done so well. The perks system is brilliant. I look forward to reaching the next level for which there is a bonus for. Gain 5 levels, you get an additional perk, which make a huge difference and give you an advantage over lower levels.The game is all about carnage and destruction. The game is all about killing. There is no better game out there for killing things. This is a beautiful game, even in early access.This is one of the most fun games I have ever played because of its simplicity and the fact I like to shoot things."
,Recommended,232090,15679296,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Jayva,Honestly a good game with a few friends.
,Recommended,232090,15731186,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,2w.Nucket,10/10 can kill friends by welding doors
,Recommended,232090,15731788,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Edge Lord Dwight,"Have to say Killing Floor 2 Is quite a fun game. Can get a lot out of it and hope to see even more from it.Pros:-Hours of Killing fun-Difficulty (other than Hell on Earth) is good and balanced with players-Graphics are amazing and there is A LOT of blood-Some classes got buffed from the original Killing FloorCons:-Matchmaking is bad. You either get in a lobby with people or get in an empty one as well as if you leave a lobby you can still end up re-entering again.Should I recommend this to a friend? Yes I would. Even if they did or did not play the original, it is still Zed killing fun!"
,Recommended,232090,15772454,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,The Suspect,Killing Floor 2 without a doubt is awesome. Just grab your dosh and buy it.
76561198120985640,Recommended,232090,15778504,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Havoc,Love it!
,Recommended,232090,15797091,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Ender,"Shoot Em Up but in video game form. The guns have never felt better, and the game has never been slicker. If you liked the first game, you will love this installment. Just plain fun."
76561198032721778,Recommended,232090,15848291,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Moon Hunter,"Review thus far:Simply put, it is Killing Floor but with better everything. It’s still a solid game, simple, but perfected. A lot of potential and I’m hoping to see a lot more as the Beta moves forward, thus far, I enjoy it.An interesting note, a few days before KF2 came out I was looking at Evolve, it had about 2100 people playing, KF1 had 3200."
76561198035963748,Recommended,232090,15946863,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,EmanMJC(Master Shades),"Whenever i start solo match it crashes, this is getting pretty annoying. I wouldn't recommend getting it now unless you're ok with the current bugs"
,Recommended,232090,16014761,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,m0lesta,RE-PE-TA-CU-LE !!!
76561198018473675,Recommended,232090,16233407,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Fawx,Buy it.
76561198100513038,Recommended,232090,16405135,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Donut,"This game is extremely well made and polished showing how good early access games can really get. However the game in it's current state although very stable fun and replayable has a lack of content. While banking on the replayability, 4 guns and 4 classes can only keep your attention consumed for so long. With this I will say this game is suprizingly well made and replayable, although the content right now is very limited so keep that in mind."
,Recommended,232090,16569686,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,jamcat,Funb gmae
,Recommended,232090,16623198,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,v0iden,"Killing Floor 2 is a very good upgraded sequel to original Killing Floor. It has amazing updated graphics, new enemies, the gun animations look really nice, especially the reload animations. There's also perks skill trees so now you can customize your perk and also there's updated version of gore.Yes, I recommend this game! It's awesome!"
,Recommended,232090,16812373,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,~{∞}~ NASS,One of the best games  i have ever played 30 is a really good price
,Recommended,232090,17406845,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Artek [General],"Played on Normal: ""Too easy, must git gud""Played on Hard: ""GODDAMNIT, WHY IS IT SO HARD""10/10 Would get oneshoted by Scrake again.Seriously though, very nice for Early Access. Yes, there is not that much content at the time of this review, but there is going to be a lot more in the future! Just be patient.Can't wait for full release, this is going to be AWESOME."
76561198116545044,Recommended,232090,17817812,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Inst!nct,A really good COOP Shooterfor those who dont like the gore-system: you can turn it off       and its still worth the money!
,Recommended,232090,17876356,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Counter This,"I've only just got this game, I played one solo game and 1 co-op, it's really, really good.A large variety of weapons, maps, Z types, a few characters you can play as, and I picked it up on the sale so it's even better.I'd recomend this game if you enjoyed call of duty's Nazi zombies, red dead redemptions undead nightmare, survival games like H1Z1, DayZ also, it's a different type of game overall, it's something new and I can see myself putting a few hundred hours in to it.Really fun, easy to get the hang of (Just read the controls before you play) would be great to play with your mates, I can see this game being really succesful."
,Recommended,232090,17885357,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,ΝεκρόςCowboy666,This game is gore-geous. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡  )
,Recommended,232090,17917719,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,ma nama jeff,painted floor in blood10/ms.paint
,Recommended,232090,17924196,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,kwart,"In my eyes, Killing Floor 1 was the best zombie game I've ever played. But Killing Floor 2 takes it to a whole new level! With all these animations, graphic enhancements, gore, physics.. The game is simply amazing! It is a game worth buying at any price!There is only 1 thing that annoys me in this game, it's when a big zed (Scrake+) is about to come out, it announces itself with a scream, making the music fade a bit. I rather have it old-school, not knowing when it's comming and the music stays on going! :) Yeah! \../.9/10, if they remove that annoying sound announcement, then 10/10 it is!"
,Not Recommended,232090,19256058,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Kacpa Shade | Salt King,"I was looking very positive about this game and its development , until devs decide to go DLC route ""EA done right"" they said before launching the dlc for unfinished game."
,Recommended,232090,15481737,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,ParksandRekt,"A lot of people seem to be unfavorable of this game mostly for either it's lack of content (which is pretty expected consisdering its an early access title), or it's in-game microtransactions for skins and some other cosmetic crap.Microtransactions are not my favorite feature in a game. I was pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when they came to Payday and I ultimately stopped playing that game. I mean you make a game with a ton of dlc, but then didn't think that was enough, so you threw in microtransactions that not only give your gun a skin, but upgrades your stats just because you threw your real money at it. Thats bull crap.However the microtransactions in this game are just cosmetics and nothing more. I truely don't think thats an enough excuse to dislike the game entirely. The game itself runs great, it has that same appealling gameplay as the first one and so far has had some pretty satisfactory updates (other than microtransactions) like the fact that flashlights are not limited to what gun you currently hold and adding new maps to the game.Now I would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if this game did the same thing as the last one and started releasing a string of dlcs that not only give you a different character (which I don't give that much of a♥♥♥♥♥♥about), but give you different guns from the base game.Im not entirely up to date with what tripwire wants to do to this game in the future, so if if they are planning on doing this (adding gun dlc), then please notify me."
,Recommended,232090,15486145,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Codeine Courage,"The weapons are extremely satisfying to shoot, the Zeds' new animations are very dynamic and smooth.Shooting them with even the weakest pistols is like a hot knife through butter.Really like the dynamically destructable environments, too. (Breakable glass walls and lights).Had surprisingly smooth framerates on even the highest settings, almost constant 60 FPS (Except for REALLY cluttered firefights, where it was about 40-45 FPS momentarily)CONS: Well, not many so far. But that Hans Volter boss is ridiculously powerful. Been in about 5 full lobbies and havent managed to take him down completely. Perhaps it'll be easier when more players level up.Also, the health bars were kinda hard to read. The black space on a low amount blends in with the background.This game is a HUGE step above Killing Floor 1.  Strongly recommend this game, just make sure you can run it first!"
,Recommended,232090,15486573,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Kaden,"Everything you expect it will be, with more to come.Fantastic gunplay, actually useful melee and attention to the smallest details. This is a game with soul and the work that went into it is both obvious and incredible, from the seperate animations for having full ammo and trying to reload and having run out of reserve ammo and trying to reload, along with all of the individual and characteristic reload animations. The game is punchy and accurate all at once. Plus there is nothing more satisfying then getting a heashot on a cartwheeling enemy."
76561198049493215,Recommended,232090,15487772,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Lancer14711,"Loved the original Killing floor, love this one even more.The attention to detail that has been put in is staggering.  The weapons look and feel great, the visuals are a marked improvement from the original.  The fact that a carelessly thrown grenade can render an entire room dark forcing you to turn your flashlight on or run to another area.  The persistant gore is fantastic, you can even dismember bodies after they are dead.  The fact you can sprint is a godsend and medic darts lock onto team mates, no more wasting time trying to hit them.It has been well optimised as well.  I haven't encountered any crashes, and it runs smoothly completely maxed out.The only downsides at time of writing would be the lack of maps, weapons and gamemodes."
76561198016947641,Recommended,232090,15491826,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Senritsu_,Boomstick time!
,Recommended,232090,15492529,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Alter,"Saw a fleshpound.He pounded my flesh.10/10 Decent foreplay.In all seriousness though, it's Killing Floor 2. You should buy it!"
,Recommended,232090,15498830,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,piedol,"This game is far from complete in its current state, but even so, it's everything I've wanted in a Killing Floor update. The graphics are amazingly polished and smooth. The action is intense and almost non-stop. The gore is more over the top than ever before. It's shaping up to be an improvement on the original in almost every conceivable way. Once it's finalized, it's going to blow every other horde FPS out of the water."
,Recommended,232090,15502210,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Faab,"Let's start this review by saying that it is absolutely AWESOME that there's a followup for the Killing floor series.I absolutely killed Killing floor and now I am simply enjoying Killing floor 2 as much as I can. The combat system the weapon sways and the old school teamwork that is required to play on higher difficulties is amazing.Pros:- Nice weapon handling- Perk System adds in a layer of Depth- Bullet travel time is awesome, it requires you to lead certain shots- Lots of Gore, BLOOD EVERYWHERE- Medic handgun can be carried by every class besides the main weapons which is a nice addition into surviving on higher difficulties- Better guns and the leveling system is awesomeCons:-BIGGEST - Cannot shoot through teammates, very irritating.- Scrakes spinning around making it hard to give headshots (It makes the gameplay more difficult which can be good and bad but in this scenario it's bad since it's almost impossible to kill a scrake with headshot damage amplifier.- Not that much content which is understandable and forgiveable since it's Killing floor 2, CMON GUYS KILLING FLOOR 2- Not that many dedicated servers- Hotkey Q(Self heal) gets interrupted if you need to shoot- Same for reloading, it can be interrupted which is dead irritating sometimes.*SPOILER ALERT*- The boss does not get damaged if it's on it's way to heal ( grabbing a player and sucking HP out )You cannot kill the boss, it has to heal atleast 3 times before you can kill it which I understand since it's way too easy to just blow it up with pipebombs but can still be very irritating if you lose a game because of it.Anyways 10/10 buy it and play it. It's worth it!"
76561198121586286,Recommended,232090,16016539,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Nox Eternis,"Better graphics and gameplay than the first one, but is VERY unfriendly for slow or old computers."
76561198149055568,Recommended,232090,16178117,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,bboyyang,i'd like to say that there are just a few bugs in this game that tripwire would need to fix and i hope that tripwire is seeing this review because it's very important if you fix this bug now.... but in other words this game is really good and really fun with lot's of blood and gore and cool weapons.
,Recommended,232090,16221454,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Grumpy Quette,super awesome
,Recommended,232090,16222634,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Mandela,"Very nice, many good updates, i really enjoy playing this game."
,Recommended,232090,16223639,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,{H||R} xScreaMx,"Awesome COOP game with 4-6 Friends ! :)Same enemys but yeah better graphics,better gameplayIts no so much maps but its okay and yeah,please for more GUNS !"
76561198002928763,Not Recommended,232090,19255482,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Black Phoenix,"Microtransactions in a buy to play title... gotta love it.. It's not like its should be the priority in a early access game, that has just a few maps, classes and weapons... Cash in time i guess... oh well... Lesson learned - never buy early access games.."
,Not Recommended,232090,19255787,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Shmoltzy,"Final Edit: I was finally able to refund this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ you Tripwire, you dirty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Recommended,232090,15480261,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,[Cya] rUA,'My AA-12 will kick them in the head.'
76561198089834160,Recommended,232090,15483494,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,She is Aroused,Got Stung in the ear by a bee rushing home to buy this game.....Well Worth it!
76561198048816499,Recommended,232090,15487377,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Zahry Darko,"6,5/10.While the KF 2 has evolved into modern gaming, it also losed its charm.KF2 :- Seems a lot less spooky and less ""smooth"", maps are darker for the purpose, not because of the design.+ Gameplay seems lil rushed, it is true that it is more intense and it is a bit funnier.- Awful zed spawns, zed teleportation.- Scrake and fleshpound appear alert, srsly it should be a surprise to the team, not something that makes all the ppl prepared.- horribly UNBALANCED perks within the perks that are not that needed (hey there gunslingers and s/t/wats)- ZED Resistances- NO discounts on weapons or ammo for high leveled players.- Not that loadsofmoneyyyyy+ Graphics.+ Zed looks.+ Detailed weapons, animations, characters, skins etc, quotes+ SOUNDTRACKS that hugely adds to atmosphere ingame.+ VS. Mode is somehow cool.Dunno, but KF1 feels much better to play. No, i am not fanboying."
76561198042988533,Recommended,232090,15487776,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,RasHootin,"Worth the money, earlly access and fun hell. The boss can be a ♥♥♥♥♥ to fight even on normal with a good team.Pro tip gas OP"
76561198111467618,Recommended,232090,15489011,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,fluffy power,"awesome game, love`d kf 1 and kf 2 is so fricking fun to play, cant wait to its 100 %GET THIS GAME NOW!"
,Recommended,232090,15489563,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,"Lukis""ルーカス""Farmskins.com",Awsome game . just like first one. So if u can buy it :). but dont forget that it is unfinished game yet so dont expect it to be with all maps and perks . Yet after playieng some time i can say that as it is early acces it gas a lot more stuff that u would expect from an early acces game.
,Recommended,232090,15496335,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Hannibal[SPA],"They make it again! Thanks Tripwire for making games like these. Too much time waiting, too many expectations, and they got fullfilled completely : DDD Recommended 100% Sincerely, one of the games I like the most; I'm sad I will be leaving behind KF1 but KF2 is probably the best Coop shooter you can play at the moment.I love every thing that got improved.More perks, more enemies, more gore, perk habilities, better graphic engine, better overall design, ... The Scrake is impressive, I never felt like that when facing big enemies in other games.Cannot wait for getting the a new brand PC (it's basically the reason im getting a new one, because KF2 : ) )"
,Recommended,232090,15497637,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,=EVO= Craigst,"Best Game love it , hosted server just so i can play it and server was full before i could join , a game for the adults to let of steam :)"
,Recommended,232090,15498577,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Illidank,yes
,Recommended,232090,15498739,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,✪ Major,This game is absolutely beast like!I wonder what it's gonna be like when the full version comes out!!! ♥11/10
,Recommended,232090,15498872,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Tiny Rick,"Awesome game, very well polished. Easily addictive!Just a few things I think need tweaked:Slightly louder melee hits, so the weapons ""feel"" a bit better, for a more fun hand to hand wave.Endless survival mode, with some basic leaderboards I think is the most important because it gets repedative if there's no competition with a number or score and most everyone I talk to would like to keep wiping waves with increases in difficulty for bragging rights.Health bar above the bossOther than that, absolutely love the feel of the game, matchmaking and servers are incredible! Easily worth the money. 10/10 would shatter skulls with the AA-12 again!"
,Recommended,232090,15505382,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Kite,KF1 on steroids.
76561198070900430,Recommended,232090,15509703,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,firednoobenator,its just freaking awesome
76561197973000473,Recommended,232090,15510512,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Dobs,got mauled by a fleshpound10/10would get disemboweled again
76561197972818700,Recommended,232090,15520810,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Coron Bale,"18:44 - Game finished installing and first round begins19:26 - Found myself digging a ditch in the yard for protection.  Was that a Siren?!?!04:31 - Finally got the hang of the game, spend LESS time cowering in the corner muttering to self05:22 - Call me the Zed Grinder!  Pfft, time to mulch HARD MODE05:30 - Fetal position in the showerYou ever play a sequel and say, ""garbage, the original was WAY better!""  You can't with this!  It feels like KF1 in every way that is important, but with new weapons, classes, levels, enemy AI enhancements, and graphics.  OOOOH THE GRAPHICS!  Sloshing around waste deep in bodies and gore was never really on my bucket list, thanks for showing me the err of my ways!If Tripwire takes HALF the love and devotion they showed to KF1 to this game, you couldn't find a better place to drop $30 bucks.  For those who didn't experience KF1, this game had events normally reserved for MMO's raking in a monthly fee!  New weapons, maps, models, events, you name it!  Cant wait to see KF2's Christmas event, Bad Santa needs 00 buckshot in his red suited♥♥♥♥♥Buy!"
76561198040922179,Recommended,232090,15527486,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Mustard Man 2: Return of Mayo,"Best game NA, 10/10 not IGN because they suck"
,Recommended,232090,15533699,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Alex Schezar,LETS TRY GAS
76561198014194237,Recommended,232090,15533898,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,MTi| RainbowSix3,It's been a long time since a sequel out does the original. Hats off to tripwire for this horror masterpiece.
76561198137026665,Recommended,232090,15570264,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,"Blackheart, The Psycho Clown","Everytime I play this game, I leave it it with my pants sticky. It's oozingly good."
76561198056890692,Recommended,232090,15572720,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Nautilisk,"A little underwhelming in content, a few unused weapons catagories that'll be filled in later. Could be a bit more balenced - small zombies should be buffed. Overall beautiful game with amazing graphics and gameplay which needs to be noted that it's still in early access."
76561198001652153,Recommended,232090,15576135,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Zomb☢Bomb,"This game has what I like to call the ""M&M Pile"".Meat and Money.Both equally satisfying."
,Recommended,232090,15589530,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Face,l-o-d-s o-f e-f-u-n. wots dat spell? killing floor 2!probly.
