user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198006917383,Not Recommended,232050,9965183,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,King Doom,"This is so close to being an amazing game that it causes me physical pain. It's that close, but there are a few crippling flaws that just ruin it. First, there's the combat. There are different ranks of creatures, one through four, one being weakest and four being most powerful. The problem with this is, after a certain point, anything below rank three will die in the first turn of battle because the enemy AI consists entirely of 'KILL WEAKEST CHARACTER'. The combat maps are tiny so forget any sort of strategy, mid and end game opponents can hit you anywhere you stand. Oh, and those opponents are almost always all one to nine monsters, plus nine to twelve wizards. There are three wizard types, and you will see up to a dozen in every single combat.There are dragons in the game, and you can find them as random encounters. That isn't a problem. A single low level dragon can be beaten, but it's fairly tough unless you come loaded for end game critter hunting with high end, high level units. It's cool. You get an achievement. What isn't cool is that the dragons can spawn in groups of up to six, and all of them in the level 15 range. There might be worse groups out there, but this is literally what invaded one of my provinces in my current game. This isn't something you can fight. I also mean that Literally. You can not defeat these multiple dragon encounters. It isn't possible. You can build an arena in your home province and send heroes to battle in it to gain experience. Why am I mentioning this? because as soon as a hero reaches level ten, the enemy heroes you battle in the arena can also spawn with dragons as minions. It goes about as well as you'd expect.On the plus side, your units can level up and improve their abilities, but it really doesn't matter, because a lvl 30 tier one unit will still be instagibbed by a lvl 1 tier four. And the upgrade system is utterly worthless as well. Why yes random number generator, I did want to improve my crossbowmans hand to hand skills for the fourth time in a row. No, he doesn't need better ranged attacks, he needs to be able to swing that butterknife he has like a man!There are hundreds of items you can find, which is nice, but there's almost no storage space for them. You get a tiny little vault that can't be upgraded. It wouldn't be so bad but on the same screen you have access to the merchant window to sell stuff, and hey, if you guessed that had a scroll bar and infinite space in it, go get a cookie or something. You can build an artifact shop so you can buy artifacts, but unfortunately it doesn't cycle through different ones. You get the opportunity to buy three randomly chosen ones and it never changes for the rest of the game. Those three items are pretty much going to be terrible and I really want to chalk it up to being a bug that it doesn't refresh every so often, but it's been like that since release so probably it isn't.There are four types of hero you can recruit, but you shouldn't bother getting anything but a warrior. The warrior is so much better than the other three it defies belief. Scouts can be useful for the rare encounters designed exclusively to kill warriors, but that's about it. Oh, and yeah, there are encounters designed from the ground up to murder warriors. packs of medusa will petrify you and then poison you, giant spiders will web you down and poison you, giant slugs will poison you if you hit them or vomit poison on you from a distance if you don't.Edit: Okay, so I finally managed to grind a mage high enough to use a specific spell named 'white magic', and basically, it lets you break the game over your knee like a rotten twig. Two casts will clear virtually any combat encounter of critters, barring the two (the latest update may have added more) creatures who are magic immune. Once you get one cast per combat, better beleive that mage is going straight to lvl 30 since he can now effectively obliterate entire armies. Unconquerable foes turn instantly into big, meaty sacks of free XP. Just load up every unit slot with lvl 1 swordsmen, the enemy creatures/mages/whatever will go and kill them while your mage, free and unharmed, fires magic nukes that hit EVERYTHING ON THE MAP FOR MASSIVE DAMAGE. This is a well balanced, well implimented ability that reduces multiplayer combat to 'whoever goes first wins'. Casting it does a small amount of damage to the mage, but a couple of healers can fix it easily before any monsters that made it to turn two kill them for being a weaker, easier target than the wizard FIRING MAGICAL NUKES AT THEM.Oh, and I hope you like really, really really loud TING! sounds, because the game plays one over and over at random for no reason I can discern.Edit: I also hope you don't like loading saved games, because doing that while the game is running will cause the entire thing to crash. Not always, but often enough that I had to mention it.Shouted at by a dev and I didn't even get an acheivement for it."
76561198013540000,Recommended,232050,15329469,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Apricot,"Ok I always look for negative reviews first. My opinion is that someone who hates the game will over exagerate the flaws, but at least will talk about the flaws where someone who loves it is less likely to. That being said, I still love this game even though it has flaws. However, some people won't like it as I do so I will begin with the negatives then move on to the positives since that's how I approach it anyway.Negatives:Crashes too much. I'd say once every few hours of play time you will have the game crash. It's not enough to bother me, but it can be frustrating.AI can be off pretty bad. Battles that will tell you are impossible sometimes can be beaten manually without losing a single hit point. Battles that say they are so weak they are not worth your time will sometimes wipe you on auto. That doesn't happen all of the time, and with some play time you can easilly judge for yourself. Also computer players will keep throwing themselves at your defenses every time they resurect even if they die every single time in some situations.Bugs. There are a few, one that for some reason will pop up the AI's hero screen in front of me which has shown me they get a +10 gold per turn bonus per hero at the level I was playing at.PositivesIt is constantly changing. Every time you start a new character or see a new world, the game will be different, different maps, different quests available. It kind of reminds me of Civ in that aspect.You can chose how you play. Some games require you to be the hero, some games require you to be the villian, this game requires you to be whatever you feel like being.It is a great strategy game IMO. Losing a single soldier at the wrong time can cost you an entire map, granted like most strat games you can always load fail (load the game and redo a fight because you lost), but not all of us play like that.So with all of that I'd say the game play and replayability are worth it. The bugs and glitches and even AI issues can be fixed (or modders can fix them if it ever opens to mod on steam). Overall I'd say the positives outweigh the negatives enough for me."
76561198005403195,Recommended,232050,2300468,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Leifanator,"This is an oddball of a game, on one hand the campaign can be incredibly tedious and repetitive (just got your castle and hero leveled to where you can kick♥♥♥♥♥ Oh well, time to start the next map from scratch!). But on the other hand, it's the difficulty of fighting you're way up from the bottom that really makes this game shine.I'm hesitant to recommend this game on word alone, find some videos first and see if you would enjoy the Civ/Might and Magic/Kings Bounty mashup. The game is pretty fun, but after a while, I'm finding I have to take it in small doses as repeating the same actions to win a slightly different map gets very boring (even with maps/shards that have different properties to them, they don't seem to be enough to warrant varying from a proven tactic)."
76561198042220545,Not Recommended,232050,13047829,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,FatalCharm,"It's hard to play a game over 100 hours and then not recommend it.  And yet, I can't.  I wan't to - but I can't.You've heard the saying that 'the sum is greater than the parts'; in this game, the parts are greater than the sum.  There is such a good game here waiting to 'happen'.  Unfortunately, the overall game design is flawed.Specifically, the size of the 'shards' and the mechanics of the shards hurt the overall game.  Because of this, you won't even use most of the best units/buildings/etc.  In essence, you've got all this outstanding content that never comes into play bacause of the mechanics of the 'meta-game'."
76561198038244437,Recommended,232050,12879969,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,maiwi9812,"It took me 248 hours to end the campaign - and I chose the quickest way to finish.If you like to finish your games - beware of the necessary time investment!The game runs very unstable (release 1.4.5) - during my playthrough I had over 100 crashes to the desktop (seems evenly distributed between ""Invalid Pointer Operation"" and ""Access violation..."").The game might run smoothly for 5 hours or crash 5 times in 30 minutes."
,Recommended,232050,12589768,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,twitch.tv/LANiD,"-Bought this when feeling nostalgic about Master of Magic / HoMM.  I also like CiV and slower, turn-based games sometimes.-More complex building options than HoMM and in some aspects MoM..  More specifically the City Build menu can be overwhelming to look at for the first time.  I particularly enjoyed this aspect of the game - its complexity left me wanting more and more so I would restart a game after losing to tweak the build and see what works best.-The heroes can be viewed as simple/straightforward - 4 classes.  Each time you level you put one point into one skill (out of three offerred).-Spells are just similar to Heroes of Might & Magic. Build the 4th tower to get the best spells.. except there is a different building for each magic type - there are 6 magic types (I think?) at least as far as buildings / main spells go.-More complex gameplay & darker theme than Heroes of Might & Magic-Can't wait to play multiplayer!"
76561197961194793,Recommended,232050,13685876,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,AT1st,"This game is really hard to rate. I recommend it because the core game is absolutely great and I love such games in general. I also don't want to harm the devs because they really tried hard and have created a real rough diamond but some mayor design issues will spoil the fun for probably most of the common players!So I only recommend it to die hard 4x fans with masochistic tendencies and/or you might want to grab it on sale :)My review became a mini guide so here is the overview and I will post more details in the comments.Good:- Very deep 4X game mechanics (with a focus on battles)- Great turn based battle system (focus on tactics and not luck)- Good RPG elements regarding the hero/unit development- Many different units to hire and fight (most or all of the enemy units can also be hired if you are lucky to get an offer)- Polished graphics and menus- Nice humor (you can either play a good or evil “god” and the evil options are really funny to read)Mixed:- Not many armies to control or cities to build up so micro management doesn’t get out of hand- Hard to learn even harder to master- Endless playtime (if you can stand it - might be good for players who rather want to play in doses instead of one huge map/battle)Bad:- Tedious game mechanics- Monotonous game play (most of the time you spend doing the same over and over again until you finally see/find/unlock something new)- Easy to get stuck in “dead ends” (as long as you haven’t learned how to avoid them or have the patience to wait (for lucky random events or gaining gold/experience over time) or reload/restart)- Still some bugs (Happened once that an enemy unit was not removed from battlefield and I had to reload the fight)So what to expect from the game?I expected another Fallen Enchantress/Warlock - MotA clone but this game plays quite different. There are the same features in place but they are used in a different manner. Think of starting one of the mentioned games. Build/take over your first cities on an isolated island and form your armies, then, when you are ready to conquer the next island: you have to start over.This is basically happening in Eador. You conquer a ""shard"" where you face 1-2 enemies (at the first shards) and as soon as you conquered it you lose (mostly) everything you had earned the last hours. The shards do work on a greater scale though. They unlock new buildings/units and give some mild benefits to the starting condition of the next shard. I also can only speak for the first shards because even though I played 16 hours I'm still on my second shard! (+ the good tutorial that took me 3 hours alone) According to the forums there are 80!! shards to conquer - go figure the playtime you need to beat the game. Though I have to say I always fought my battles and didn’t auto resolve them because I’m a control freak and don’t trust the AI so you can decrease playtime a lot by automated battles.I also don't want to complain about a long playtime but the simple problem here is: motivation. I think it would have been much better to only have like 20 shards but instead increase the rewards you get for conquering each shard and thus give a better feeling of actual progress.Which leads to the real problem here, because having an extrapolated playtime of 400 hours and making only small steps on your way from shard to shard don't has to be bad in general, but the real issue is: The start of each shard is tedious and often frustrating.You start with you major city, the only one you can really build up (and if you lose it to an enemy it's game over). Even conquered enemy cities are just better ""provinces"".So now you can start constructing buildings from different categories that either increase income, mood, get you access to certain military units, spells or items. You also have to hire a hero because there are no armies without heroes! So the heroes are the real stars of the game and they are significantly better than every other units you get (at least in early game). You can choose from 4 different classes: Warrior, Scout, Commander and Wizard.The problem is: The hero alone is not able to win most of the fights even right at the start of the game. You need either supporting units, spells or items to make him capable of conquering the provinces around your city. More units sounds like a good idea but they cost money and upkeep and the AI tends to attack the weak units first so they most likely get killed fast. Also when you buy units you don't have much gold left to build up your city. So what happened to me in the first level was that I started with a warrior (because he was great in the tutorial), build up the city and tried to conquer the provinces around me.When you attack you get a nice text that estimates the outcome of the battle. It also tells you how many units you spotted and which kind of units they are. It is still a little vague because when you spot 8 units of militia and bowmen it makes a great difference if there are 1 or 6 bowmen and you won't know that. So despite the text I at least started every fight and would have lost all of them (tried - failed - reloaded). So my only chance to finally progress in the game would have been to use another (great but overused) feature: Exploring.Every province (or tile) has a level of exploration. You can send your heroes to explore the tile which will give them experience (very important, but very slow), lets them find locations (most of the time fights that are often too hard to win but bring very important loot and gold/ you can also find shops with special items or units to hire) and expands the province for the population (lowers effects of overpopulation).So back to my problem: It would have taken ages until I got strong enough to finally start conquering the provinces so I restarted the shard and chose the scout hero. The reason is that ranged combat is a little overpower and the scout alone can win some battles as long as the enemy doesn’t have too many ranged units himself or too strong and fast melee units. I guess you can also use the wizard for that matter (not tried yet) but if you go for a melee character I suggest to invest in spell granting buildings (especially magic missile) so that he can deal some harm from a distance.So with the scout I was finally able to gain some ground and get the game going. Eventually I was able to hire a second hero (which makes sense because just 1 army to cover ~30 tiles is difficult, especially when the enemy starts attacking).Which leads to 2 more problems:First, when you hire a new hero midgame he is starting at level 1. You might have some items and spells available to give him or perhaps even can give him the supporting units from your experienced hero (but then this hero is significantly weaker) but all the easy fights are already done by your experienced hero so there is no (comfortable) way to level him up and make him actually useful. You can only explore and trial and error random fights.Second: The enemy is really annoying. He often has several heroes (more than you have) and can take every province by just moving on that tile as long as you didn't buy any guards there. The point is that those guards cost money and all they bring is defend the province against a possible hero attack (later on you get access to better units that have more benefits like auto exploring the province or even increasing the income of that province (still less than their upkeep though)). So when you start taking provinces you don’t want to spend your money on hiring guards but rather want to wait until you have an actual frontline. But when you finally have one it usually consists of 4-5 tiles per enemy.I will continue my description in the comments as the text got cut off here in the middle of my explanation! :("
,Recommended,232050,15202160,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Grim Madder,One of my favorite 4X games. If you like fantasy and 4X this is a must buy.There are a lot of negative reviews talking about bugs and other issues. I just don't seem to notice them. The developer has continued to work on the game and the lastest version seems very very good.You have lots of choices with buildings and your units level up. There is a lot of decision making involved. Play the game using custom settings to enjoy the full experience.This is a hard game that is tough to beat. I sometimes wonder if that is what people are complaining about. I personally rank this ahead of games such as AoW 3 because the battles are so tactical and demanding.This is a great game for those who want a deep demanding immersive fantasy 4X.
,Recommended,232050,17690228,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Dopefisher - Ready To Play!,"Purchased this because I loved Eador: Genesis. I love this game much more than Eador: Genesis. It expands upon that game in so many ways. Graphics, units, situations, encounters, gameplay, AND MUCH MUCH MORE! My playtime invested speaks for itself. 9/10**update 3-16-16**I now have almost 1000 hours in the game. I am very disappointed in all the negative reviews for this game. There has not been a single bug that is 100% gamebreaking for me. All bugs are minor and easily fixed. The game is well worth playing even despite its minor flaws. Don't pass up this hidden gem!Add me on Steam friends list if you ever want to talk about this game with me or if you are considering buying it."
,Not Recommended,232050,18561668,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,republicofpeter,"There is so much here that make this game amazing. I loved the different units and the difficulty of starting off. I loved being able to 100% territories to get more benefits. I loved how there was an overworld with even more shards to take over. As much as I loved this, there was more that I just didn't love.After spending so many hours on one shard, you start with nothing on the next shard. It feels like a slap in the face. It is supposed to feel like starting another scenario, but there is virtually nothing different from this shard than the last one. Why can't I keep some of my♥♥♥♥♥♥? What's the point? If I reread my favorite book over and over, or watch the same episode of my favorite show over and over I will still enjoy it, but how often will I want to do this? It will make you go kookoo for coco puffs. That is exactly what this feels like. There may be more enemies and a slightly different layout, but no real variety.I wanted more from this experience, but I was just left dissapointed. This is fun, but leaves you wanting so much more. This could have been a 10/10 if things were done just a bit differently.4/10 I wanted to love this, but it just left me wanting a better experience that incorporates all these elements."
,Not Recommended,232050,10605928,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,valgreon,"Linux logo is just for show. All they did is ship Wine with this, apparently without bothering to test it. The wrapper does allow the launching of the game but the graphics are garbled and the game is unplayable. This problem seems to appear mostly on nVidia binary drivers. There are a number of discussion threads about the problem here on Steam and on their own forums but as of yet the developers haven't issued any statements about this. Apparently they suck.Wine wrapper IS NOT a Linux port. There should be a warning about this on the store page.As for the game itself. I don't have a clue. I can't play it. If a miracle happens and it becomes playable at some point I might have to review the game again."
76561198013132245,Recommended,232050,15440487,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,huminado,"tldr:Fun?  3/5Work?  6/5  The enjoyability of this game is crippled.Deep?  5/5Compelling?  4/5Pace?  Dog slow out of what it could be.  2/5Good intro to TBS?  1/5This game's learning curve is poorly designed and might turn off many beginners to the genre permanently.  A lot of the game is figuring out ""this map is unplayable - I have to re-roll"" or ""this _campaign_ is unplayable - I have to re-roll.""  Occasionally a really fun map does show up.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------My main complaint with this game is the random map generator.  Some maps seem to be fine, but others are practically unplayable.  Or they are barely playable in the openning game only to find out later that you were destined to be steamrolled by the opponent.The game makes no effort to generate ""fair"" maps from what I can tell.My second complaint is that the campaign suffers from the same problem, since it also uses random maps.  That's right - a campaign with randomly generated maps.  Which means a normal distribution of players will see some players able to beat the campaign on the hardest setting, while others won't be able to beat it on even very easy settings.Sound stupid?  Well, whatever you want to call it, it still needs work.  Maybe it's similar to how Civ II would sometimes just be a bad map roll - but it is tedious to spend time learning the player skill ""oh this map is crappy - now I have to start over"".Of course - it's REALLY TRICKY.  The game can offer a feeling of tension, of not knowing ""how far behind am I?"" and ""am I wasting my time on this game?""  So maybe that's the largest enjoyment it has to offer - that feeling ""do I have any hope of winning whatsoever?"" before being plunged mercilessly to your death.  Ha!The weakness seems to be a complete lack of balance between map economy and unit maintenance costs.  Don't believe me?  Try finding screenshots that show armies with high level units.  They are rare.  Which tells me the player base just never finds gameplay involving high levels.  By the time you could afford the big guns, the map has already been used up.  That's my guess anyways.Lastly, progress is excruciatingly slow, both in the campaigns, but also on a single map.  It will take forever to see characters level up, and I think this design is probably intentional, but really misses the boat on making hitting the sweet spot on playability and fun.  After a while it really feels like a grind.  At least the Civ games had a pace slider, and that would help this game a lot.------As long as you clearly understand these shortcomings, I still recommend the game for its unique tactical layout and game mechanics. My first impression of the game has not been overwhelmed by the short-comings I only figured out after playing many many hours.Don't like tactics?  THIS GAME IS NOT FOR YOU THEN.  The core mechanic of the game is the tactical map - sort of these mini-chess games that pop up over and over again.  I get tired of them after a while, and they can become rather complex.  It's not as deep as chess -- nowhere close -- but it's a similar mental workout.I guess the only thing to remember if you decide to buy this game: ""play it looking for the fun that it has to offer.""  It's in there.~~~~~~ Here is my response to someone asking how Eador compares to Warlock ~~~~~~Warlock is a good beginner 4x. It's relatively lightweight, it has a sense of humor, thegraphics are good. But the content is not huge. I played many many Warlock gameseven when it first came out and I'd skip 20 turns because the AI back then was crappy.But they've improved the AI. In Warlock you'll expand your kingdom until you've movedfar enough in your religious rating that one of the gods gets angry and incarnates tobattle you. Then it's that boss battle and the game is over IIRC. Battles are ALL on themain map - there is no tactical battle map like in Eador. An average game in Warlockis maybe 300 turns or less, and they go by fast. Probably less than 2 days for a game.I'll probably play Warlock again in a couple years or so - but it's not as good as sayCiv5. Warlock does ""just one more turn"" very very well.In comparison, Eador stands out in that the RPG element is the heaviest I've seen inany 4x. I have finished a few low difficulty games, which wasn't very satisfying. Butmoving into ""competent"" difficulty and it gets frustratingly difficult. Lots of luck isinvolved and restarting games is common (and again, frustrating). But there's a sensethat (or I have this sense anyways) that the tactical options are mind-blowing whatcan be available at higher levels. If you can figure out how to play...The economy in Eador is extremely volatile. Nothing comfortable like other 4x whereyou build your buildings and everybody is happy. Even Civ5 which is a great playexperience doesn't offer this sort of challenge. So in Eador it's like the house iscontinually burning down and you're always just one or 2 steps in front of the fire.That's the feeling I get playing it.Whether a beginner should try Eador.... my advice -- don't take the campaign atall seriously because it uses randomly generated maps meaning you may getscrewed. Learn the basics and (what I should have done, but I doubt it would helptoo much) read whatever guides you can find, and watch the youtube videos.Also, the tactical battles in Eador are very similar to the experience of playing chess.Some other 4x TRY to do that (hello Fallen Enchantress) but they don't have staminaor morale and simplistic in comparison.Eador also stands out from all other 4x in that it has no tech tree. Instead, the techtree is implicit in the buildings you build. I can't remember, maybe Heroes of Mightand Magic does this too, but no where near the complexity of Eador.I think ""should I buy this?"" is really a question of do you want one of the most complex4x TBS available, with a brutal learning curve, or do you want something easier thatyou might not play for as long? If you find it's too difficult and just give up - that's nogood. So if you do buy it, don't hesitate to ask in the forums for help and get themost fun you can get out of it."""
76561197991657927,Recommended,232050,1337157,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,MrMuse,"Imagine a typical hex-based strategy game such as Dawn of Fantasy, make it 10x bigger, twice as good, and inject an original and well-written storyline - this is what you get. There are some very minor issues in that the manual is written for acrobat reader but clicking ""manual"" from the splash screen does not initiate acrobat reader so you have to find the file and do it ""manually"" - ironic. Also, for some reason, the graphics auto-detect at highest levels produces in game errors where I had to change settings to get screens to display correctly. These issues aside, this is a must-buy game for any who like the genre and all but hardened haters. 90%"
,Recommended,232050,7796499,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Kyrros,"This game is awesome. It's like everything I ever wanted in HOMM but without the crap company behind it. There are a few bugs, sure, but the devs are great on fixing stuff and have personally fixed save files for some community members. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,232050,7779040,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Top Crocodile Only,"It takes a good 2-10 hours to get into this game, but once you do, it is a great deal of fun and the main campaign is good for at least 150 hours.  The play feels like a better-balanced Master of Magic where the strategic (map) play is much smoother (one main city to upgrade, better resourcing) while the tatical (battle) play reminds me of Kings Bounty, but you don't cycle through troops as fast and they end up meaning more to you.Over all, if you like 4X or strategy games with turn-based combat, this is the best game of 2012 and 2013 in my opinion."
76561198039605705,Recommended,232050,7304451,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Everyday Zero,"Eador:MotBW is a really good game that i feel does not get the limelight other similar games get. It may be buggy, though the devs have worked hard to rectify most of these, and it may lack polish but what it dosen't lack is gameplay. A fantasy TBS with elements of the HoMM games. the Civ series and Master of Magic, Eador has that  'one more turn' factor that keeps me coming back.A remake / upgrade of Eador:Genesis, if you enjoy turn based games with a story campign, customisable  random 'shards' (the games' playable lands)  to play, great music and plenty of original game mechanics, i recommend giving this a chance.Two things i should add : The campaign is long; if you don't auto resolve battles it will probably take over 100 hours to complete.Also this game can be hard, even on easier levels, so be prepared for a challenge but it is often rewarding when you win because of this. All in all a great game."
,Not Recommended,232050,32808471,Posted: 26 June,all,King Link,"Is Eador Masters of the Broken World good?   I think it tries to be.There's probably a pretty good game behind Eador Masters of the Broken World.  I've seen some pieces of it, and it has a novel idea.  But man does it not stick the landing.  In fact it completely flubs it.  What could be a brilliant unique game of exploration and discovery becomes quit a train wreck.The first problem of the game is there's a tutorial but the tutorial is heavily lacking.  In creates a framework but doesn't explain many features of the game, including health of units (how they recover) and other features beyond how to do simple actions.In addition the game has a bunch of glitches.   There's some gameplay glitches, but worse, I can't seem to launch an attack on a new shard with out hitting the keyboard and getting lucky...""What are shards?""  Good question.  Shards in this game are maps and they are my final complaint and the reason I won't be playing further.   Rather than having levels or level packs, the game has this idea of shards.  Essentially you start on a world and when you win it, you conquer it, when you conquer it, you can choose another shard, and play that world.  Think of it as a megamap of all the worlds you can play in.Now the problem.  I played three shards including the tutorial world.  Now each shard does have minor differences but none of these differences are really big enough to feel new.  The third world looked the same as the first two worlds, I could do the same actions as the first two worlds, I could build the same buildings (for the most parts) and I could develop the same heroes.  But they're not the same.  You can ""save"" a hero, but it seems to be expensive and requires many many many shards to keep them around.   So you start over from scratch.  Essentially the game play loop is you play a couple hours on a shard, you win or you lose, and then you start over and play multiple hours on the next shard that feels the same but you start over from scratch.And that's the problem.  While there's a sign of progress, there's not a good feeling of it.    You don't get radically more powerful units, you don't get more money or gold or units, you basically are playing the same game a second time.That's not to say there's no positives.  This game is clearly based on Heroes of Might and Magic and plays well for that.  The fantasy elements are well designed, and the combat is great.  The down side though is with the amount of combat, I think most players will start ""auto battling"" before the end of the first shard, and easily into the second.    The maps are interesting and feel good.The AI isn't bad, and the movement around the world is fluid.   Playing a shard for two hours is kind of fun and intense.  It's just not something I want to repeat almost exactly the same the second time or third time.But god, I just want more.  I want more than a repetitive game.  Even if I was willing to play a repetitive game, it would have to be a lot shorter.   I don't want to play a 2 hours on a world to restart, a good 10-30 minute round for the smallest map would be good.  A hero that stays around would be a good choice.This game is like playing a long endurance race in Gran Turismo right off the bat, and winning enough money for a second car of the same type (but being unable to use the first car again) and then having to run the same race a second time for just as long.It's a shame because Heroes of Might and Magic is lacking, and this game could have supplanted it, but it falls short so I can only not recommend it.  Would I look at another game from this company?  Probably not the glitches are a bit much and I don't really want to play through a second game like this."
76561198064410540,Recommended,232050,12281471,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Pink Horror,"I enjoyed this game for around a week or two before I just didn't have time for it. I think, if I played Eador when I was younger, I would have had 100s of hours spent playing it. It seems like the kind of single-player game that manages to reward you for putting a lot of time into it, which is rare."
76561198095092190,Recommended,232050,16604843,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Krachas,"Soon to be 200h into the game. Can't say that the campaign is getting to the end basicaly because there are several endings. Each shard is different, and it's not only lands, but the world itself is different too (world of fear, rust, magic and many more), and I unlocked only half of the buildings available, so probably that is why every new shard i start, brings new challenges and tactics to try out. There are 4 hero classes to choose from, that can be mixed together and yet, eventually, you will have to use all of them. There is also karma system in game, so sometimes you will have to be good and sometimes, evil is the way to win. You can amass an army or you can just go with a hero and a few units - it's all up to you. You will struggle to maintain economy but it's good that battles will be the main source of your income, so you will have to pick the right fights, because loosing is crippling, but not necessary deadly.I really don't understand the mixed score - the game is dynamic, interesting and there is ""one more turn"" feeling in it. Furthermore, the developer is still updating the game and replying on forums, bringing some new features and reacting to the probelms (can be faster though, but can't complain). There are minor bugs, but have encountered them two or three times and they are not gamebreaking (skip a turn or finish the fight and the bug is gone). Has crashed once after a big fight, but fighting it again wasn't a big problem and i believe my PC is the one to blame here.If you're into a classic turn-based strategy - it's definitely worth a shot."
76561198153956434,Recommended,232050,14227019,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Nevasith,"First the bad things:The game suffers from some balancing issues, sometimes everything seems to be against you and can be really unforgiving as Hell.There are some small bugs when I'm writing this review.The good things:The campaign seems to be going on forever! As a dinosaur remembering Civilisation 1 on Amiga, where I've spent months on one session bringing my country to greatest power ever I strongly appreciate very long games.Map generator - you can specify how you want your skirmish map to look like and go!Diverse strategies (not as many creatures as in say HoMM3, but there are so many different tactics!Unuque game structure, where (in campaign) in order to gain new tech you need to conquer particular shards - this means if you loose one important region, you may not get certain tech and be forced to reevaluate your stratedy.Summary:Really like this game - spent quite a bit of time and am already considering the allied forces expansion."
,Not Recommended,232050,10812438,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sovahkiin,"Broken to all hell on Linux. Doesn't launch on most platforms, huge graphical problems with nvidia drivers, and when it does start by navigating to and directly launching the game, it's so hard to see anything that it is unplayable.Needs to be fixed."
76561197989312981,Recommended,232050,17820509,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Nanni the unlucky,"I decided to write this review because I've just seen a new update in my Steam download list and I thought:""wow they keep patching the game! Let's give it a thumb up!"". After years the devs still take care of Eador, and this a great thing.The game concept is quite original: long ago, after a great cataclysm, the world literally broke into pieces... but life did not encounter its extinction and now each shard of Eador is floating on the Astral Plane as a little world on its own. In the farthest dephts of the Astral Plane boils the burning chaos (a sort of hell), populated by demons whose only purpose is to swallow every single shard until nothing will be left on the Material Plane. This reminded me so much ""the nothing"" of the movie ""The Neverending Story"", and when someting brings me back to my early youth it's always a good thing.Some elder entities or some fortunate, cunning or sinister mortals have found the way to ""ascend"" to become a Master: a demigod with peculiar powers able to reunite the shards and to shape them into their ideal world. Every Master wants to get all the shards for him in order to restore Eador (the official rightful goal), and because if he loses all his shards, often due to the attack of another Master, the chaos will swallow him (the unofficial but very compelling goal). You play the role of a Master (and a very powerful one, with the power of time travel... that is how the game justifies the ""load game"" button!).But enough lore...The artistic style of the game is quite unique and in my opinion it's just enough to recommend the game to those who like the genre. I find it very ""dreamlike"": the colors are vivid and the illumination reminds me of a late afternoon in an autumn day. Very oniric. The loading screens are the best I've seen: they're handpainted and show different kinds of shards. I always find myself staring at them, searching for a little particular in a distant town or thinking about the loneliness of the people who live in the only creepy village in the swamp shard...The music is soft and it seems like you're listening to it from afar... like in a dream. Just one thing... why isn't there a combat music??? fighting with a lullaby (even if it's a very, very good one) as soundtrack does brake the atmosphere!The sound effects are not as good as the music, but it's not an issue.The gameplay is structured into turns, this game is not meant to be played in a hurry, yet the AI is very fast (maybe because, as other people has said, it does not shine for its ""intelligence""). Every Master who struggles for the shard can count on mortal heroes born in the shard (or, as recently added in an update, transported from the previous conquered shard through the astral plane to the new shard) devoted to him.In a given turn your ""hero"" can perform a single action picked from the common 4X choices:- eXpand your reign by conquering neaby regions;- eXplore your domains for places of interest (and give a boost to the economy with the treasures he finds);- eXterminate your rival Masters and kick them out of the contended shard (or into the Chaos if you're attacking their world);- eXploit the resources of your regions by building specific structures and by taking decisions and reacting to random events.The ""exploit"" part of the game is nice (even though after lots of games it becomes a bit repetitive), because it is based on completely random events which can affect the morale of the commoners and/or the income of every single region under your control. For example plagues, fires, festivals, magic or scientific discoveries can happen and you have always to take a decision: you can be a tyrant that enslaves the workers in order to boost the production or a benevolent god loved by the people: there is a ""karma"" mechanic that sums all your decisions for the curent shard, and in the end the people will give you a title like ""The Pure"". The interesting thing about this is that the choices encourage you to think as a demigod, not as a human: your goal is the domain of the shard and mortals are just creatures (and if you try to please them always, you'll discover they are a quite expensive kind of creature) that you can cuddle or slaughter if needed. After all a game turn could last a day, a year or a generation... why should you concern about creatures whose whole life is a blink of an eye compared to the eternity of your being?Combat is challenging but I find that only the Archer hero is useful (at least according to my playstyle). Other hero types are way too weak IMHO (although I guess that a high level mage would be able to win every battle very easily, especially with high level summons).Planning the logistics is very important as the main hero gets farther from your capital, because independent troops get stronger and heroes (apart from archers) can move only one/two regions per turn. So it's important to dedicate to production the regions which are near the capital and to build forts and marketplaces into the border regions. But these are general rules, since the absolute randomness of the shards (even the campaign ones) can really influence the outcome of the game, and this can be a pro or a con (you decide): the last shard I played, for example, a poor enemy Master started on a peninsula linked to the main land by a line of regions of deadland (which is not productive and it's difficult to conquer at the early stages of the game), so when I reached him at the end of the game he was blocked and weak... and I annichilated him. If that happened to me I probably wuold have reloaded the game... I am the timewalker Master after all ;)I could speak a lot more about the management (hiring defenders, maintenance costs, combat and people morale, quests, alliances with NPC races) but this is a review, not a guide!I just want to spend a few words about the tech-tree because... there's no tech-tree! Your ""technology"" for the shard is decided by the buildings you build. In the campaign every shard you conquer adds some new building for your capital city to your building list (you start with an ""empty"" city in every new shard). Every building allows you to do something: recruit a new type of troop, give a bonus to morale, learn new spells, build special buildings in other regions ecc... In addition, like in a tech-tree, some buildings block others, so you have to plan which ones will you construct according to your desired gameplay style for the shard.So let's talk about the bugs now. The game crashes once every few hours, so I sugest to enable autosave, which can overcome almost completely the bug allowing you to load the last turn.What else to say?I recommend this game! It has the ""just one more turn"" effect on me..."
,Recommended,232050,10020447,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Eador: Masters of the Broken World combines features from several fantasy games into one very nice package. A true follower of the classic Heroes of Might & Magic recipe: heroes, turn-based battles, XP and RPG-style leveling up, fantasy settlements and their management, parties and armies of strange creatures and all that you would expect from a decent fantasy story. Eador: Masters of the Broken World manages to venture into grand strategy, tactical battles and role-playing and come out on the other side as a deep and satisfying experience. After most initial bugs have been corrected, the game stands as an impressive addition to the turn-based strategy genre. An engaging and addictive game that presents you with lots of challenging dilemmas and strategic choices. The presentation might not be spectacular, but you’ll get loads of upgradable units, buildings and an extensive dynamic campaign. Eador might not be as intuitive as Might & Magic Heroes, but it is just as difficult to get away from it. Eador: Masters of the Broken World is a must for anyone who likes fantasy turn-based strategy games."
76561198000929498,Not Recommended,232050,7982165,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,AceKing47,"Not what I expected.  This game makes you conquer a small map, which ranges from hard to impossible depending on the difficulty level you pick, and then start over again dozens of times without much to show for each conquest.  Now the game is pretty well made and polished, so it is fun if you're not playing on the higher difficulty levels while you are conquering, but the fact that you have to start over every time kills it for me.I like playing on the higher difficulties, so now I just figured out a strategy which lets me win and this takes out some of the joy out of it as well - I am forced to use the same strategy over and over, otherwise I will lose.  Got old really quick."
76561198005545583,Recommended,232050,12766685,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,eurymakos,"Surprisingly fun turn based fantasy game. Basically you play through 'shards' each turn, building up an army and eventually conquering each shard, which then unlocks bonuses for the next shard. While this game isnt too challenging, it is very fun to play here and there as you conquer more. Similar to Heroes of Might and Magic but with new mechanics."
,Recommended,232050,21072487,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Farsight,"6/10I recommend it.Great game, but quickly becomes very tedious, each shard (map) takes a long time to complete, and win or lose you'll have to start from scratch on every new shard."
76561198009468084,Not Recommended,232050,11928876,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Luqe,"nice tactical system but too long, too slow, too repetitive . On harder than normal it's too hard if you don't do it the only right way after a while in. Prepare to get stuck and owned making it slower and slower. AI hired guards don't scale with you. Item repair also ridiculous. loads of crashes still after 1 year and a half of patching and randomness."
76561198027869621,Not Recommended,232050,8777731,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,rockliner4311,"Enjoyable game.  I've been hooked on it for some time, BUUUT -I've played about 120 hours now and since the new update the game crashes ALOT.  I mean, I'll be winning a battle and getting ready to take on a Hydra or the Dragon and boom, freeze, only thing I can do is Alt, Ctrl, Del and turn off the dam game.  It's very frusterating.I enjoy this game and like the idea of questing and taking on new areas.  I'm about mid way through campaign maybe but based on how my last few play  have been I'm going to have to give up.I even cast a golem a few times, but nothing happens or shows up on screen.  A few toons have been invisible.  I don't know what they did on the update but it's terrible."
,Recommended,232050,13729451,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ipuntmidgets,"This game is one of the most enjoyable games for people who enjoy sid Meyers civilization, Heroes of Might and Magic, or Warlock masters of the arcane. Using the might and magic combat system and hero system with more active heroes i combat allowing them to both give and recieve high amounts of damage. The only problem with this game is that some bots in hard story mode tend to cheat to win making the game unfairly difficult. Do not be decieved by their clever disguises as even the morally good bots with do what it takes to edge you out of every conquest. The story mode aside custom and online games are enjoyable, but long. Having to conquer a province and then explore it can become tedious on large maps with little opponents, though they allow you to get to end game scenarios before fighting your rivals. All in all it is a well made game that should be fun for any people who enjoy the games listed at the beginning of this review"
76561198059443733,Recommended,232050,22308240,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Edstroyer,"I have played this game for so long that it became my nightly ritual.This game is relaxing yet mind-engaging (perfect combo). It's a perfect game to play after a long day at work. I typically mute the game sound/music, and play my own relaxing music in the background.This game is a MUST for people that Enjoy:1) Turn-based strategy games. Some battles are straight forward easy, others you will really need to plan/think.2) Playing King Bounty (KB ) Games. It is very similar to KB, except soldier units can also level up and perma die.3) Playing Fire Emblem.4) Character building by leveling up and choosing new skills (RPG-like)5) Progressive difficulty that can only be overcome with proper tactics. Example: magic beats physical armor, etc.6) Many ways of playing a game (4 heros, and tons of soldiers to choose, they all have different skills and builds)7) Taking your time to thoroughly complete a level rather than rush through it. No need to rush, enjoy the battles.8) Loot, Loot, Loot. Decent number of items to find and collect with various tiers.I would recommend it to anyone that enjoys turn based battle tactics.Ed"
76561198041432553,Recommended,232050,15808916,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Aarithian,"This game is one of those ""thorny rose"" games.I recommend it to players who enjoy learning complex game systems, or players who can look pass some buggy flaws and still enjoy the final product. (I've learned I can look past very crappy games if their mechanics are deep and complex enough)If you are not the type of player that likes to hover over tooltips and read every single detail. You probably won't like this game."
76561198080963606,Recommended,232050,22201380,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Draufen,"A great game, but full of bugs, at least if running on Wins XP. As I count Heroes of M and M III for the best turn based strategy game, I dare say Eador can compete with this title. Fans of strategy games should really at least try it."
,Recommended,232050,14192406,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,The Beta Plan!,"Eador, Masters of the Broken World. The best way to describe this game would be that it is heavily influenced/steals from (well, the older version but okay) Heroes of Might and Magic 3. You upgrade cities by making new buildings allowing for magic, income, creatures, experience for your creatures, or special effects. Battle is done on a grid system in a turn based combat manner and as your heroes level they gain new abilites and skills.However, there is were similarities end. For instance, unlike HoMM3 all cities are equal, which the same creatures being able to be recruited. You explore the map by conquering surrounding provinces - which can be upgraded with buildings but with a much smaller variety than the cities. Thus no free roaming on the map and individual armies of provinces can be daunting to defeat. Furthermore, magic does have some impact, but I would say less in the battlefield that HoMM3, but can be more impacting on a global scale than HoMM3, due to the so called rituals. Another important difference is the 'happiness' factor. If a province gets unhappy it might revolt, that is something you do not see in HoMM making Eador more of a grand strategy game in that sense. It also has more RPG elements than HoMM3 as quests can be given through the conquering of a shard (= one map) and acting differently can have very different consequences. Even more so, if you are friendly some troops will like that and get better morale, where others will think you weak. Likewise, you can not ally e.g. the Elves (some rare neutral provinces on the map) if you play like an evil ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Personally I miss a bit the variety in units from time to time, but that has been partially lifted by the small DLC (allied forces) of 4 euro. Although that states only 2 new units per individual faction, it actually creatures more new units and with a new special building that can be found in a province (the mercenary guild) you can actually hire these troops. This is great because it sometimes tediously long to get e.g. to level 2 unit buildings and this gives your army the edge you need for higher difficulties in my opinion.All in all, Eador is a good addition for anyone that enjoyed the old HoMM series (not V as it does not have those graphics implemented) and is looking for a different game with a slight twist."
76561198004037865,Not Recommended,232050,18825257,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Strangest Danger,"I've put in a lot of time, so trust me when I say this, this game is not very good.  It's extremely repetitive, virtually every shard is the same, with only a few additional gimmicks (which you are informed of before you start).  The units don't change much.  You don't get to keep your heroes, (unless you pay a great deal of energy to transfer them), but that is okay, because they can max level in any shard.  You see the same scenarios happen over and over again.  Eventually, you just know where in the box to click to get the most positive result for your run.  I'm just so bored of it.  Oh, and technically I have no idea how it ends, and I've only played one campaign.  So all that time in I've spent doing the exact same things on every shard hasn't even brought me to a conclusion.  Make of that what you will."
76561197979709607,Recommended,232050,12861452,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,dwoolfy,"This game closely resembles Heroes of MaM, in its gameplay but adds several features.  First is is much more complex and takes significantly longer to actually play the game.  One difference is that each map is devided into provences where you move from provence to provence each turn.  Do do not actually attack enemies on the game map, bu through events that are specific to the provence that your hero is working in.Then there is the world building phase of the game, which acts as a break point between each of the shard games.  You play a campain on the world building section of individual conquests of each individual game map.Type of recommendation:  If you love the turn based HoMaM games or possibly King's Bounty but want something more complex, you may enjoy this game.  The biggest difference between those games and this one is that you are not moving freely on the map but moving from provence to provence where all the events take place.Otherwise this game is probably going to be too tedious for most people.  I will continue to play it but only periodically."
76561198002877290,Recommended,232050,15429318,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Mzehn,"Diverse and detailed fantasy TBS title with widely branched city building (actually world building) features and ""god-game"" elements extended with a complex economy structure and large number of diverse units. Sheer quantity of content is difficult to describe because after 100+ hours of campaign I did not even get to see half of the story and haven't unlocked good part of the units and buildings. The karma system is ubiquitous and well executed. Sincere recommendation for anyone looking for a slightly different designed TBS."
76561197973049540,Recommended,232050,8708831,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,50 Cal,"With all the new patches up and running this game is well worth the money spent. Its map randomizer is a huge plus, as you can make your own random maps with little time yet have full control.  Its AI opponents are particularly well done, with their own agendas and play styles. This game offers many many hours of fun as you explore the shards of the broken world."
,Recommended,232050,10155406,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,General Meevious,"A very clever 4X that follows in the footsteps of King's Quest and Heroes of Might and Magic, but adds plenty of its own to the genre. The scale of the game is horrifying, it's taken me several days to beat my first randomly generated scenario out of what promises to be a 50-100 scenario long campaign.There's a huge amount of content and plenty to do every turn, but it's presented in an efficient way and turns go quickly.The game isn't exactly unpolished, but it has some splinters that could be sanded down. Expect a harmless crash every 24 hours or so. There's one bug that can hit fairly often and prevents kills from registering, especially on retaliatory hits and especially on slower combat speeds. It can be resolved without incident by autoresolving at the end of combat and almost always works in the player's favour, blocking its AI reenforcements and almost never occurs on the highest combat speed, which I would recommend using either way, because the second slowest is much too slow. There are other cases in the game where the settings are not as delicate as they perhaps aught to be.The game seems to be a direct remake of Eador: Genesis. I prefer this version, but there's not a lot between them."
,Recommended,232050,9132946,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,GDwarf,"Hope you've got the next year or so free, 'cause Eador eats up free time at an alarming rate.The basic gameplay will mostly be familiar to fans of the Heroes of Might and Magic series: Hero units, backed by a recruitable army, explore the world and fight with each other. There are towns, equipable items, all that good stuff. However, where HoMM  tends to be fairly simple, Eador has enough depth to drown a whale. What you build, where you build it, and what you stock your army with can have huge consequences, and every turn has dozens of choices about how best to improve your situation. Add in random events, potentially dozens of battles per province, and a solid enemy AI and you've got a recipe for a huge time-sink.Most 4x games become bogged down in the late game: Your strategy is set, you've built everything you need to, and now it's simply a matter of hitting ""next turn"" until you win. Eador's campaign averts this in a wonderful way: The maps are fairly small by 4x standards, but you have to complete dozens of them. The world has been split into shards, and your goal is to control as many of them as you can. That means that by the time you've reached the ""just hit next"" stage you'll have completed one shard and it'll be time to move on to the next, where you have to build up your forces all over again. That's not to say that beating a shard has no benefits: Each one you control grants you boosts to your income, troops, or abilities, so planning which ones to conquer in what order actually matters to an extent.All-in-all an excellent strategy game that I'd highly recommend to HoMM or Disciples fans."
,Not Recommended,232050,9967126,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,✫ Aionion,"***** EDIT *****Someone pointed out that the ""pointer error"" bug was fixed w/ the last patch. The announcement for the patch claimed it was.  However...the bug STILL exists and it is in fact, an actual GAME BREAKING bug.See this report from another player:http://steamcommunity.com/app/232050/discussions/0/540740500665480910/In addition, the patch introduced yet another game breaking bug (the ""0 hp bug""). See this thread:http://steamcommunity.com/app/232050/discussions/0/540740500975024315/So my review stands. The game is NOT in a playable state for a great number of players...so new buyers will be taking a risk that the game will not work for them. The game hasn't worked for me in over a year due to that one error (described in the original review below)./end edit===== BUYER BEWARE =====The game's premise is cool. The graphics are fine. The play mechanics are interesting and fun. The problem? The dev simply REFUSES to fix year old bugs that prevent a signifiant portion of players from playing the game.For a large percentage of players...this game is simply unplayable. There numerous threads about this bug (the ""pointer error"") and many more posts about it.Either the devs are inexperienced at debugging and proper coding or they simply do not care that many players cannot play the game they paid for.  Either way, it is highly problematic for the customer as the result is a non-functioning game.BUYER BEWARE. Spending money on this game runs the risk of resulting in the game becoming a  virtual coaster, nothing more.Here's a link to the reported error:http://steamcommunity.com/app/232050/discussions/1/810923021679670190/There are several other threads doing the same, and even more posts (in different threads) reporting the same error (which has existed for over a year now). Simply search for ""pointer"" and you'll find numerous players who simply cannot play the game as a result of it."
76561198030960800,Recommended,232050,13924870,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Parmesanomancer,This game is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.Imagine a slower paced and much harder Heroes of Might and Magic and you'll come pretty close to describing this game.It gets a solid 8/10 from me.Well worth the money.
,Recommended,232050,16305608,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Chungo Beepis,"Just read some of the negative reviews, bit confusing. 200-300+ hours on game yet ""can't recommend"".  Fairly sure you've already recommended it, pal.Anyway, I have no idea why this game is still being updated, it was released 2 years ago, but it's rather nice for them to STILL be releasing updates for it.Been playing the game for a while and it seems fine to me, few glitches here and there that I recall but given the state of development of even AAA games these days, the glitches were no more pronounced than ""usual"" so seemed balanced. I had no game breaking glitches, anyway.  Game is pretty, combat is fun, levelling heros feels rewarding, taking over shards is the way to make the game ""progress"" and world feel persistent without forcing a heavy handed corny storyline onto you that limits player options per scenario.  Delivering an interesting turn based strategy game that works within a non intrusive narrative is no easy task, but I think handled quite well in this case.Oh, love the dialogue too. Nicely written, surprisingly so, actually. The majority of game dialogue is trash, and that's fine, most don't read game dialogue for the dazzling display of talent - but in this case I thought it was pretty decent."
,Recommended,232050,21013872,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Ajeak,"Here's the pros-engaging story-numerous events-different playstyles-strong emphasis on your choices-sometimes there's just a moral grey area-Lots of different unitsHere's the cons-The AI cheats like crazy, they have no need for money and no restrictions on unut tiers. Their heroes level stupidly fast at the start of each shard and they conquer a quarter of the shard in the time it takes you to set up an economy to support your army. Usually you can support 2 heroes with strong armies, the AI will always go for all four heroes and as many units as possible.-some Masters just don't line up with their supposed goals. One will claim the hate necromancy yet use the walking dead as guards.-Some Masters just hate you for no reason.-You restart constantly on each shard, unless you spend a lot of ""god points"" to bring stuff in.All in all it stupidly challenging at the start but gets easier as you gain more units and upgrades7/10"
76561198137547848,Not Recommended,232050,10780271,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,chromie76,"The games looks good.   Unfortunately I get a distorted screen and despite my best efforts cannot seem to correct it.  Upon checking out the forums, I've noticed that the problem appears to be with Nvidia.  It would have been nice if the store stated that there might be incompatibilities with Nvidia graphics.  Another things that bothers me is this is not a true linux port.  It's running on wine-which wouldn't bother me, if I could actually play the game.  Please correct these issues.  I do not like giving negative reviews.  The game looks like a great game with a lot of potential and I would really want to give it a positive review.I do not recommend this game until they sort out some of the bugs."
76561198001784686,Recommended,232050,11086322,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Beaghan,"I really enjoy it as a strategy game. Many choices, like which shards you go after, greatly affect how things go for you. I played the other Eador game and loved it, this one seems better but the different controls took me a bit to get used to. The AI can be very predictable, this is good at times but also can be very bad when things are going against you because there is little chance to fool it or evade it, it pretty much hits you as hard as it can at all times so most should start on the easiest setting. Even if not the greatest it's a steal for the price."
,Recommended,232050,10318350,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,honorabili,"This game takes the best of Master of Magic, the Age of Wonders series, and Heroes of Might & Magic mixes it all perfectly! BUY IT NOW!"
,Not Recommended,232050,23360328,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Careful Weed,"OMG worst developers ever. They just parasite on the original one-man developed Eador Genesis. Crappy 3d, ton of bugs that weren't fixed for years, almost no new content compared to the original. I got this but i still play the old one. There is already great user content for the original game. So they implement it first time with the Alied Forced DLC. 3 $ for nothing never even played this crap enaugh to see it. Now they steal another piece of Eador New Horizons and tag it as a new game. What a bunch of thieves. Made a DLC and want to sell it for 12 $ like standalone.We had your game early access and got no improvements from bugged alpha style game at all except for one  small unimportant DLC. And now you dare to make another for a full game price. Never saw such a terrible indie developers. Look at the Dominions 4 game developers. There are two of people working on it. They make patches for Dominions 4 all the time for years balancing it and adding new nations for free. Yes you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s free content. Something you will never make. Because you tag every crappy little piece of your lazy work for a decent price. And you didn't even took care for game stopping bugs for years. You didn't work for the price we payed. Early access vampires thats just who you are."
76561198027712877,Recommended,232050,16916612,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,GBC,Eador 2 is a masterpiece! (eador genesis was already great - the new one does better graphics and enhancemants)i like fantasy strategy games alot and got several.. eador beats them all.. the depth of the gamelay is just great andvery addicting.. a big plus: the crew does fixes quite fast most of the complains in reviews i checked before buying the game are already fixed and no longer a matter of fact. if you like fantasy strategy - give this one a try!
76561198019735072,Recommended,232050,16299234,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Darth Trog,"When thinking of this game I think of the difference between Chess people and Checkers people. While they both use the same board they are not the same game.Eador is much like a Chess match that you have to build the army, before you play a match, while the player you are facing off against is doing the same task.The AI can seem either too easy or too hard but this can be the players fault for rushing or taking too long so part of playing the game is understanding the timing of how things work.The best/worst features depending on your like/dislikes.-Turn based so you can think before you act-Auto save feature so you can try out differnt options rather than having to play many games.-Many settings to adust for how YOU the player want your game to go.-Many units so you can adjust your army based on how you want to play.edit- New feature the option to take heroes from one shard to the next, while costly with prior planing this can really help before you invade another enemy home shard!There are the bugs that sometimes will crash a game but much less than say Skyrim or any other complex game.  No game breaking bugs that will prevent you from finishing the game and not often enough for me to kill the mood,  Say one crash per 20hrs of game play is about what I have.  Not been able to narrow down if they were the programs or mine since often they are not ones I can reproduce."
76561197961014809,Recommended,232050,15528261,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Buckwild,"This game is amazing!!! All of the poor reviews prior to this one must have been for buggy gameplay before patches because I would easily give this game a 9/10 in this current version. It starts off simple, but quickly moves to a game where building and unit choices really matter. The concepts that are mixed in give for an incredibly satisfying and enjoyable experience. If you like 4x games and turn based tile combat, get this game! This is coming from someone who has been buying random rpg type games for a couple years now and gets bored of most very easily."
,Not Recommended,232050,20938740,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,snarvaezsoft,"I purchased this game because it is advertised as supporting Linux.     After installing in several machines and configurations,  I always get the error ""missing executable"".     Then I installed it via  WINE / PlayOnLinux, tried different video settings,  but the video is always broken.    I have not tried it on Windows, but my vote is negative because developers should not advertise supporting a platform when clearly they don't .   You can check in the forums,  all Linux users are getting the error ""missing executable"", and it has not been fixed for several months now."
,Not Recommended,232050,13936518,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Clawdius,"TL;DR: Only buy this game if it is on sale and you absolutely love 4X games. If you want to spend a few dozen or hundred hours testing your patience, then this may be the game for you. Otherwise, perhaps gift it to someone you want to see spend hours on end beating their head against the wall.This game is a great time sink, but there are lots of poorly executed concepts. Item durability, especially on arrows, is a joke. Your arrows can (and sometimes will) break before you run out of arrows in a single fight. The best magically enhanced arrows have less durability than the ""heavy arrows"" which themselves have to be repaired literally after every single serious fight or they will break during your next battle.If item durability was the only flaw this game might still be a gem, but even concepts that are well thought out are not well developed. Exploration of owned territory is an interesting idea, but there is often no real reason to bother completely exploring areas. Your rewards for doing so are threefold. You receive a tiny immediate 2 gold increase in total income, you discover a large variety of new enemies to battle, and the settlements in that area can expand into the newly explored areas, eventually generating significantly increased income. This mechanic would function a lot better if there was a small amount of exploration that took place automatically in provinces with guards. The AI doesn't explore much manually, but it does have guards in every province so at the very least the AI would have some small amount of exploration done in their own territories. Instead when you take territory from an AI opponent every single province will be gripped under the stranglehold of ""overpopulation"". And that brings me to my second major frustration with the game.The AI doesn't understand the mechanics, either in battle or on the world map. As an example of the flawed combat AI, ghosts can only be damaged by magic damage. However, if you try to autoresolve a battle with a ghost in it you will almost certainly be completely annihilated by the ghost because the AI will use all the physical damage it can against the ghost, while units capable of magic damage busy themselves with other tasks until your entire army is dead. This means that armies that are labelled as something you can fight without taking casualties are often impossible to defeat, where enemies that are labelled as ""I will be trampled"" can often be manually defeated without taking a single point of damage.On the overland map the AI spams a granary in effectively every province. The granary itself generates no income, and takes up one of the limited building slots. The granary can be explanded to a stable which would give the AI some tiny additional income as well as allow it to move more quickly through its territory, but I have yet to see a province in which the AI had actually upgraded one. A storehouse on the other hand can add 10 gold per turn income to a province when it is fully upgraded, otherwise it will offer 5 at tier 2 or just a single gold per turn at tier one. Still, these are the most readily constructed source of income, while it takes awhile to be able to upgrade them to tier 2 you can quite readily increase your total income by a third or more by having one in every province. It's a crying shame the AI doesn't understand how to build a thriving economy, if it did perhaps there could be a provincial governer (or some such) that would automatically build the upgrades you wanted akin to automating workers in Civilization. Building a mall in every province you have is a chore when you have twenty provinces, but it's ludicrous to even consider bothering once you've gotten to the point where you have 100 or so provinces. If the AI could build wealth it might be able to field larger armies more often. I have thus far only rarely seen the AI taking advantage of units higher than tier 2, and there are 5 tiers of units that can be recruited.As an example of something that is ridiculously easily fixed, and yet remains flawed for no good reason, just look to the autosave system. The autosave system autosaves at the end of every several turns, rather than the begining of every several turns. If they had taken the approach of labelling these saves Turn ___ or something along these lines this wouldn't really be an issue. However, they've gone the route of having 5 autosaves that roll over each other. Not necessarily a problem, but there isn't anything behind the scenes that tells the game that it has autosaved this turn in say the slot Autosave 4. So when you load Autosave 4, and end the turn, you will create Autosave 5. Does the war seem inevitable at that point? Load Autosave 3, but when you end your turn you will create Autosave 1. Get to the turn that originally was Autosave 5? Now it's created Autosave 2, and if Autosave 3 isn't early enough to head off your issue your older autosaves are gone. This is easily avoided using a rotation of manual save games, but it's just one tiny example of a problem that could likely be fixed by changing a few lines of code and remains in the game just to annoy players.I wish I could introduce Snowbird to the concept of numbers that end in 0, it would be a lot less frustrating to see that I've done 2 damage or 5 damage to something with 50 health than that I did 0 damage four times in a row firing Ballistae at one skeleton (each with damage potential labelled as 0-5 on a 5 health skeleton). And that's just another in a litany of odd design decisions. If a flying creature flies onto a hill, it gains +1 range for its attacks. But it already flies, it's flitting about in the air, why on earth should the topography below it matter? If anything flying units should constantly receive a +1 range buff, perhaps losing it when they run out of stamina. There's a reason why it's a fairly common practice that ground based effects, positive and negative alike, are typically ignored by flying units in games. Siege engines are considered mechanical units for the purposes of healing spells, but they're not immune to being petrified by a medusa. There is literally only one unit, at least according to the wiki, who can gain the Repair ability so that they can repair siege engines, and it is the militiaman which is one of the weakest units in the game. Both the Ballista and (clearly described as self propelled, yet also capable of being petrified) Catapult are described as having been created initially by the Dwarves, but the Dwarf cannot gain repair. Interestingly the Dwarf can gain petrification immunity, and now I have nearly come to the end of this tirade. I am baffled anew by this game every time I play it, I understand many of its quirks, and yet I am consistantly scratching my head and asking ""Why?"". Why did they make every quiver of arrows in the game have the potential to break if you fight two back to back battles when you can very easily be required to fight at least three armies during a fortress siege (the guards, a defending hero, and the garrison. You will honestly likely fight five as two more armies rush home to commit suicide as an act of solidarity with their comrades). Early game a quiver of 10 arrows will break before you've even run out of arrows, apparently you break arrows like a drunk having a nicotine fit might break cigarettes.This game has had a lot of thought put into it, but it seems to me that very little logic has gone into the development. I almost wish it had come out alongside Master of Magic and the first Civilization. At least then I could have more readily forgiven its faults and the games it inspired would be able to refine the good ideas and burn away the dross. As it stands at the end of the day there are better 4X games out there for your purchasing dollar."
76561197999379421,Recommended,232050,12219626,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,NijAAlba,"You want to play turn-based combat and simultaneously building up your empire while leveling every single unit in your army up? You, dear Sir, have quite an interesting taste. And found a jewel.The story itself is engaging while you conquer the whole universe and face from humans to gods everything you might think of. The shards (worlds) itself are then conquered by your hero and his armies, who fight your battles in turn-based combats. All the shards then allow for more units, equipments, buildings and boosts for the next shard to fall under your rule.The graphical presentation might not appeal to anyone, but it is atmospherical and suits the game and gameplay well enough. A lot of peopel are reporting technical issues with the game, however I have never encountered such problems. If this bothers you, I recommend checking other reviews in more detail.7/10for breaking under it's own size from time to time and the technical issues a lot of people might have (This is hard to factor in, though, because if you do have such issues, one would very likely give it a 0, as in did not deliver)."
76561198005288488,Recommended,232050,15423011,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,KingOfCurtopia,"A very good 4X fantasy turn based game. It's complexity is well balanced by the game system. I find this game as good or better than some newer and more-hyped games in this genre. One of the best unexpected discoveries I've made on Steam. A rare, beautiful and challenging gem that is a pleasure to own."
,Recommended,232050,30683915,Posted: 23 March,all,Krym,850 hours played and still enjoy it amongst hundreds of games. Its not perfect but the random map generator and solid tactical variations in each battle makes it fun each time
76561198035755214,Recommended,232050,14205946,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Maniac,"So frustrating...the gameplay is great, nice graphics, vast World to explore. Seems like a great game...but it does crash a LOT. It takes away the joy out of playing as this game crashes for me almost every 10-15 minutes. Frustration is a mild term to use here. I would recommend it to anyone who likes strategy turn based games with RPG elements, but it is still full of bugs almost a year after the release - the patches don't seem to fix the problem a lot of the players are facing."
76561198015275111,Recommended,232050,10778762,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Nyteshade,Suprisingly fun for a low budget game!  I'd recommend to anyone who enjoys fantasy turn based strategy.
,Recommended,232050,9904916,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,DarkgarX,"Tough game, tons of challenge. I you like flogging yourself enjoy! I do. Start at beginner difficulty until you learn how to build up your heroes and gold quickly."
,Recommended,232050,22044433,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Salix,"Abrutaly difficultstrategy game with 3 levels of playIt's a rewarding experience when you win because of the difficulty. Don't expect to approach this game for self-expression or roleplay despite theFantasytag and story arch. It's a pure strategy and every move counts. Reading the guides can help a lot.Not for players with limited playtime.Play session can take over an hourHard to get back into after not playing for a weekPoorly conveyed mechanicsIt's Risk, Ogre Battle, and Might & Magic in one.On the highest level it plays like Risk where you choose which ""Shard"" to take over for resources. Then you go into the Shard and it plays more like Civ V where you move through an overworld discovering resource tiles and enemies. When you land on an enemy you control the details of the battle like an older Might & Magic where you move individual units on the battleground and have to take out all enemies."
76561198007175412,Recommended,232050,14136452,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,mufsequence,"Enjoyed this game.  Game length gets a little hairy though, so I don't recommend you play it unless you have four hours to spend at a time."
76561198058391932,Not Recommended,232050,8719814,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Alaindelon,"This game is broken.Let me say that idea of the game is awesome, the concept of it, its very good.The game itself, pretty much broken in my experience.The game forces you to zerg, for me this seems the only way to win a match, even on easy.When i drag out a campain on a shard, which you really want to do, because the game lets you do so much when you are on a shard, it becomes almost impossible to beat the enemy.Let me give a example.I was fighting against the local lord.I killed of his entire army and only his lvl 6 warrior hero remained.That was versus my fully eqxuiped lvl 9 warrior  hero, with 2 healers that both had ammo, 2 archers and a swordman. all around lvl 4-5.I decided to use auto battle for the match since it was just 1 more unit, and I lost it, the local lord his lvl 6 hero wiped out my entire army on his own, I honestly do not understand how that is possible, when I re did the match, I saw why it happend, since his hero was able to one hit / kill my units, and pretty much kill off my hero in 2 moves.To me this makes very little sense, but perhaps I am doing something wrong.A other broken thing is when you start a battle it will give you a green / organge / red text saying it will be easy / normal / hard to win a fight. ( this being the case as well saying it would be easy to win against his local lord, but turned out to be rather hard )Most of the times this is rarely the case , some of the fights that are being  told you would win wihtout losing anything, are hard as hell and you lose half your army, and some fights it says you dont have a chance to win, you win completely without a problem.Also something that bugs me, but this is my own opinion, is early in the game, where you're gold is being used to troop building / castle building, you get random encounters on the lands you hold saying the people need / want this or that for X amount of gold, which you dont have at that time since you just started the game, leading into angry people.Now I really like the idea of this game, and how it works, I just wished it was working better then it is right now, the fact that its 4 months without any updates or anything has me a little worried though.Although I believed I read something about them working on something new, but dont know if its true.I would not recommned this game right now as it can be very frustrating, but perhaps I am just doing something completely wrong.If that would be the case I would definilty edit this towards alot more postive review, because the game does deserve it, if it works properly!"
,Recommended,232050,7438755,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,stxpal,"The most in depth 4X ever, no bugs that ruin game play, way worth a $20 price tag."
76561198068851657,Recommended,232050,15222306,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,proof28h,"This one is pretty OK. Sometimes it gets tedious, but then, after some time off, you can play it again. Unfortunately it's a bit buggy - at least I wouldn't recommend it for a slower machine like mine. I haven't had a new game that crashes the whole system in ages... some fundamental problem there.I left this game for some months, bought some other games and played them. Then I got back to this and it's pretty OK at least in comparison. It's easily my second favourite game (if you count the Total War series as one game only)."
,Recommended,232050,31607427,Posted: 7 May,all,Shindragan,"Lets go over the checklist.Challenging turn-based, resource management gameplay? CheckAI that is clever and gives you an appropriate challenge and doesnt pull off cheating to try and beat you? Not checkedAchievements that can be 100% completed within my lifetime? Check!Interesting story that drives you to play more and more to find out about the ending? ermm.. meeh.. alright, Check.A lot of different units and heroes that will keep you trying them all out to find what best suits the stage and your playstyle? eehh.. I guess.. yeah, check.Active online multiplayer? Negative commander.Still, I liked this better than others, would recommend to buy it on a discount and check out the sequel.I give this 5 dying healing priests out of a religious chorus of 7!"
76561197970257202,Recommended,232050,15194116,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,MournBlade,Love this game. Highly recommend it to anybody who likes old chool rpg's.
76561198010791222,Recommended,232050,15493117,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Eyewashere,"Game becomes kind of repettive after a while, all in all I enjoyed it.  3 stars"
76561198000601914,Recommended,232050,32422093,Posted: 14 June,all,Bunnyslayer,"Eador is an excellent mix of strategy, 4x, and RPG. Masters improves on the formula from the original and adds more units and tactics to the game. I like the fact that you slowly build up your strength as you go along and have to make choices on which shards to attack to gain certain buildinghs and power ups. I wish there were more games of this type out there."
76561197991137016,Recommended,232050,31850941,Posted: 19 May,all,Wild Dog,"Really good game that reminds me of Heroes of Might and Magic combined with Empire Total War, along with several other unique features that make it a great game.  Campaign is very long, and can get very difficult, but it also offers single missions which still provide a sufficient challenge at the higher difficulty levels.  I am also impressed that the developers have taken so much time to improve this game over the years adding many new features and improving the overall game play.  If there were any criticisms to be made it would be that game still crashes from time to time.  But this is a rare occurence now.  I would also highly recomend buying the Allied Forces DLC as this makes alliances with other races much more useful."
76561198012579513,Recommended,232050,16076679,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Fikolaz,"Great strategy game, better then might and magic heroes VI...Real hidden gem ;-)"
76561198038529509,Recommended,232050,16000608,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Blackpoint,"Guys they are constantly updating this game , that is the only thing important for me right now and yes you should buy this game."
76561198053748477,Recommended,232050,15433457,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,billy bastard,"Highly recommended!I play a lot of 4x games. But I find myself replaying Eador more than just about any other game I played. Finishing the campaign takes really a huge effort (estimate 600 hours). And after, I immediately started playing a new one.When making comparisons, Heroes of might & magic comes to mind. But me, I like this game better.+ The game has personality: a lot of random events - tied to the personality (karma) of the master you play - and really adding flavour and also the opportunity to develop that personality further. Also pretty funny.+ Challenging: rather difficult. Different scenario's take a different approach. Also, the technologies you develop add to that. On normal difficulty an experienced player might need several tries to conquer a world.+ Strategic: resources are scarce. Investments in your lands take a long time to pay off (10-30 turns) and are nicely balanced to investing in units.+ When comparing to Heroes of M&M: the units, spells and choices to make are just more interesting.+ Lots of replay value: because of the above.- Mixed feelings about the Allied forces DLC. I think it distorts the balance in the game. Because of that it is even more difficult.+- The game did have a lot of bugs. But most are fixed and it is stable now. Nothing gamebreaking."
76561198042395280,Recommended,232050,13462922,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,scottmath23,"Game is a little complex, which I like, but others may not... I've only played campaign, but once I beat it, I'll probably just do  large-sized scenarios to play out an ""evil"" character.  Overall Fun game, reminded me of Age of Wonders."
,Recommended,232050,11156027,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,DJSF,"If you enjoy strategy games and like a challenge, you will really love Eador.The game involves you taking over ""shards"" in  grid-based expansion-style gameplay similar to the Civilization series. Each conquered shard offers bonuses to you in your quest to take over the broken world. During unit battles, however, you will move to an actual level where your armies must fight - slightly similar to games like the Disciples series and Age of Wonders. The battles, however, are a bit more basic compared to those games (you are put into a top-down style map grid and can place your units prior to the start of battle).The aesthetics of the game are nice, there is good detail in the area tiles and the unit models are decent considering the large availability of characters to recruit. The sound, music, and effects of things like activated skills and magic spells are also decent.There is a lot to do in Eador, and the learning curve is pretty high if you are not familiar with strategy games. During your turn, you can hire ""heroes"" who act as your generals for your armies. The game incorporates a karma system where ""evil"" units like skeletons and ""good"" units like dwarves will stack and provide bonuses if your army has only one type of karma (so mixing the two will result in negative attributes).You can ""explore"" each tile if you own it (up to 100%) and doing so may yield things like an adventurers guild that provides higher-tier characters for recruitment, various ruins or areas for you to fight monsters and receive treasure (there are A LOT of these), etc. Be warned, however, that is is not always advisable to explore your tiles to 100%, especially if you only have one hero because your enemy will surpass you in both troops and tile ownership very quickly. I think this contributes the most to the difficulty - when I play strategy games I am usually very good because I have a good balance of turtling while harassing, howver, in Eador the cost for subsequent hero recruitment increases substantially, and you can only move an army if a hero is leading it.There are a lot of different buildings available to be built, however, there is a limit to how many of each kind/tier can be built. For example, the ""military"" buildings each provide a single unit (archers, spearmen, etc) and will also provide either ""good"" or ""evil"" units, , but you may only build 4 out of 9 buildings (if I recall correctly). At the next tier, you can only build according to what you have previously built (and this leaks over to other ""types,"" like market/armory buildings). You may only build one building on a tile per turn.At the initial stages/shards, the AI is not too difficult, however, quite early on you will quickly find your enemy to be very unforgiven. If you slack in your expansion and troop building, you will soon find the AI's troops right outside your borders. Once you take over a tile, you can build a fort in order to garrison troops - if you don't you can hire a single ""guard"" unit to patrol around the tile and defend it from invaders. This makes it a bit easier to reclaim (or lose) tiles.There is variety in how to take over tiles as well, depending on what kind it is. For example, some village tiles will join you peacefully if you pay enough gold, and they will provide a free ""guard"" unit as a result. Others may offer missions and join you upon completion.The battling system is decent, but if you are used to the more complex battle system in Age of Wonders or the Disciples series, you might not like this as much. You get flanking bonuses against your opponent if you can maneuver behind or to the side of them. Your hero is critical to victory here, as each type (ranger/scout, mage, general, warrior) will affect your party in different ways. The wizard, for example, is very versatile (depending on what magic buildings you invest in) because he can heal, buff, debuff, and use offensive spells. He can also summon units, and investing in specific skills can allow you to keep those units after battle (if they survive and you have space in your party). You unlock more party slots as your hero levels up.The leveling system is pretty interesting, you get 2 options for your units (for example: +health or +morale), and sometimes your units will also be considered for awards/medals. These will provide extra bonuses (like extra damage), however, they will also increase the upkeep (and this can be significant in the beginning when you do not have much income).Overall, the game is very fun once you know what you are doing, and persisting over the learning curve will allow you to enjoy the unique challenges Eador offers.Highly recommend."
76561198071121215,Recommended,232050,8171392,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Dark Chaos,I think this game is well worth the 4.99 price tag for the christmas sale :P Grab it while you can :)
76561198010479045,Recommended,232050,26729264,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Peter Pan,"Eador is a good alternative strategy game to people who are weary of Civilization and its clones, once all the bugs are gone (most of them should be in 2016).It is similar to the old Heroes of Might and Magic and Disciples series, moving units of fantasy setting on a grid battle.Previously, after 300 hours spent in the game, I encountered a game-breaking bug that prevented me from finishing the game. Understandably I was upset and didn't want to write a review. Now after a second attempt at just a meager 50+ hours, the bug didn't occur and I completed the game the way I wanted it.The campaign has multiple endings, and it is a clever way to keep you playing over and over, although it can be long-winded and tedious.The dialogue is often humorous and the various Masters you meet are just as colourful.Eador is a good strategy game to get at a discount."
76561197978567503,Recommended,232050,14457265,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Janine Bagborn,"What a great, old school heroes style game. I really liked this one as a 31 year old casual gamer, it has a lot to offer me. I find my gaming life is winding down and that I am not as good as most of the kids out there playing; this game makes me feel like a kid again, lets just say :)"
76561198005282264,Recommended,232050,13864876,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,cheeseman,"Love it! Decisions make a difference and you really create your own people.Even enjoyed getting stuck with previous mistakes, all around fun game11/10"
,Recommended,232050,16869643,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Kaze no Fuusuke,"It's a fun Strat game, but the crash and freeze bugs on top of buggy AI can become quite iritating."
76561198062953566,Recommended,232050,17050307,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Juxtaposer,"This is a true ""one more turn game."" It has lots of replay value and even now I still discover new little things in the game. Highly reccommend for any strategy/fantasy fan."
76561198004094178,Recommended,232050,16964263,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,pmaximus,"A very fun turn based 4x fantasy based strategy game.Dangerously addictive game. Hours just melt away playing this game.It's not an easy game, definately not for casual players. Build order for buildings is very important. You have to balance available money between buying new units and building new buildings/province improvements. Units require monetary or gem upkeep, some require both. Build too many units and you cannot improve provinces or build castle improvments. If you spend too much time improving your castle and provinces the AI will steamroll you with thier army. So a carefull balance between economy and military buildup is necessary.Negative: AI does not calculate battles well. Battles that will destroy your entire army on auto will be listed as being very easy. Battles listed as too difficult are easy to win in manual mode. So most battles will have to be fought in manual, since even in very easy battles you will lose units (possibly even powerfull units) if these easy battles are fought on auto.Pros: Good replayability. Map generator is similar to the civilization games. Large or small shards can be generated depending on desired length of time you want to play in a skirmish.The Campaign is a good way to learn the game, but is very long. I played the campaign just long enought to get the game basics down.Many different unit types available, good, evil, or neutral. As well as magical or mundane units.Overall a very fun game. I would suggest setting an alarm clock before playing since hours can go by very rapidly. I started playing this game in the mornig, next thing I know it's 2pm. I missed breakfast and lunch. Recommended to 4x Strategy game fans."
76561198006198755,Recommended,232050,15264805,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,ErrolBrown,"This game shines for me. It has its own distinct visual feel, a uniquely flavoured narrative and a varied and tactically deep combat system.I rate this way above the HOMM series which I was a fan of til 6. I t has given me so many hours of enjoyment that I thank the devs for, a real gem for fantasy TBS gamers.Its had a mixed review because of its buggy history. At one point it was a game breaker but was patched to my satisfaction. I still get some crashes after long hours of play, but nothing game breaking or that a reload of the game hasn't fixed."
76561197991527966,Recommended,232050,15419544,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Roffe,Take Heroes of M&M but without stacking units and cross it with Civ. Every unit has individual experience. Massive building tree and plenty of battles to be had.
,Recommended,232050,23722592,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Danqazmlp,"One of the longest games I've ever played. I recently re-picked up my campaign from over two years ago and the game still feels fresh and fun. I might be lucky as I've never encountered any bugs at all, so for me the game is exactly as I want."
76561198028193054,Recommended,232050,15514475,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Tenrei,"I was pleasently surprised at how much time I found myself enjoying while playing Eador, I actually found it much more interesting and well calibrated than many of its more famous competitors, not naming any names here. :P I hope it continues to be as fun as when I first started, and there's no indication that it wont be. Don't let the metascore scare you away I guess it was rated before it was ready, I would pick it up whenever it goes on sale."
76561198054297474,Recommended,232050,15446817,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Elis_Eris,"hard, complex but full of posibilities.I very enjoy every fight (long)"
76561198031702366,Recommended,232050,10574726,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,dukediem,"OK. I've played this game quite a bit now. It is like the best game ever? No. But its quite good. The hours seem to fly at times when i play it. Its one of those ""Just One More Turn!"" kind of games.Each board is kinda alike after a while, just with a tiny more options or differences from the last.So no doubt after a while, perhaps you get enough... for a while.Then you'll probably be back later on, and once more you'll see the days whiff past.After having had several such moments over the months, its definatly got a recommendation from me if you like the turnbased strategy game genre."
,Recommended,232050,10360557,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,LebDooder,"Although I have loved this game from the moment I started playing it, it was hard to recommend until now. It seems they have finally killed all the game breaking bugs I had experienced and it is quite stable now.I can now truly recommend buying this game. The gameplay has always been fun, and now there's nothing standing in the way of experiencing that."
76561198108019383,Recommended,232050,10751097,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Snakemouths,"A decent turn-based strategy game with RPG elements. If you like games like Heroes of might and Magic, and Kings Bounty, this would definitely be a game to consider.PROSDoes what you would expect of the core elements very well.A lot of variety; units, weapons, tactics, etc.A lot of tactical debth.CONSNot for everyone, the lack of pace can be frustrating for some.There is a bit of a learning curve, especially for managing your city.AI balancing, it does cheat.If you like this type of games, and are a completionist to boot, you will be in for a long experience. The nature of progression makes your heroes start over each map/realm. And extensive possibilities of exploring provinces under your control makes it hard for you to decide weather to explore the land you have, or conquer more. And the AI tends to act in a Zerglike manner on the map if you dilly-dally too long. That being said, if you like games mentioned above there is a lot of hours of fun to get here."
76561198064718011,Recommended,232050,29152725,Posted: 9 January,all,fuku893,A solid game with depth of strategy due to map size and condition variability in conjunction with the fact that it has a fair number of units. The units are not mutually exclusive but you cannot build everything either. This encourages adaptation from one shard to the next. The fct that you start fresh on each shard is a good thing...though it does some getting used to from the perspective of most games of this genre.Well done.
,Recommended,232050,7893580,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,stark.eddard,"Eador: Masters of the Broken World is the very definition of a ""flawed gem"". It's a brilliant turn-based strategy with classical ""heroesque"" tactical battles, solid stronghold and province management component and profound RPG systems on top of that all. Add to that a uniquely structured campaign (albeit a one that's a bit too long to my liking) in an interesting charming setting with a good deal of both humour and seriousness. Imagine if Heroes of Might and Magic and Master of Magic had an illegitimate child. That's pretty much what Eador is. Sounds utterly fantastic, right? If only that was the whole deal.Unfortunately not everything is sunshine and roses. Masters of the Broken World is actually a sort of a remake and a sequel, all-in-one. It took the great gameplay mix described above straight from its predecessor - Eador: Genesis. The idea was to greatly enhance the graphical appearance of the game with tons of *shinies* and stuff. Too bad it didn't really work out as planned. The new graphics aren't ugly, even somewhat nice but mostly awkwardish. The interface was a goddamn mess at launch and although it got better with patches, it's still pretty clunky. Add to that the fact that despite all the updates the army of bugs is still undefeated to this day.To summarize: the game is fantastic at its core, it has one of the best gameplay in the genre, but the technical side of things leaves much to be desired. Be prepared to battle the interface and fend off nasty glitches and bugs. Having said that, I must stress once more that despite the shortcomings, the game itself is brilliant. Don't let yourself be frightened off by superficial things, embrace the addiction."
76561198055121346,Recommended,232050,7785465,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,madeye.mcbaine,"Eador is very similar to Age of Wonders 2. This game is very much in line with the strategy genre where you move your hero and his minions and fight a battle on a field. Tactics are important, strategy a must, and even though you battle it out a lot the overworld play is also critical managing resources etc. It is a good overall game :)"
76561198030703081,Recommended,232050,10334367,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,bertenna,"This has got to be one of the buggyest games ive ever played.  there are long load times when the enemy units start their turns, saves some times fail to load, and sometimes an enemy will drop to 0 hp but remain alive without the ability to attack or be attacked; preventing you from finishing a match.  Oh and by the way it crashes your PCThat being said this is game is rediculaously fun.  if the bigger (and frankly obvious) bugs are fixed this would be amongst my all time favorite games"
76561198030884080,Recommended,232050,15080574,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Wereslug,Back in ancient times I read an issue of Nintendo Power that featured a snippet about a man in a retirement home who beat Dragon Warrior bare handed.  This is definitely a game for him.
,Recommended,232050,13642099,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,phez,"+ comfy game+ easy to learn+ good graphics- be advised there is no real ending to this game, there is no real set story, almost rogue like"
76561198011262074,Recommended,232050,26907808,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Seregahl,The Russian literature of turn-based strategy.
,Recommended,232050,7746328,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,greywolf00,Visually updated Eador: Genesis with a few new additions. Very difficult TBS game but absolutely great once you get the hang of things.
,Recommended,232050,7458724,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Cancer-chan,"This game can keep you occupied for [s]a couple of nights[/s] weeks. However, it's similar to the well-known ""Heroes of Might and Magic"". Q: Does it pay off?"
,Not Recommended,232050,10018832,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Dominic,"First off: this game is fun. If you like HOMM/AoW style combat and empire development, this will be right up your alley. It's a bit simpler (units don't have many spells/skills and mainly boil down to melee/archer/mage/healer), but not simple. As is typical for these types of games, the combat gets repetitive.Now, there's another Eador game, named Eador: Genesis. It's 99% the same game, but this one has (much) better graphics and some minor tweaks. However, MotBW also introduced some serious bugs, one of which is pretty game breaking. It's also a bit slower than ideal, especially on older systems. A lot of the gameplay revolves around reloading the game as a ""go back in time"" mechanic, mainly because of the inability to properly scout enemies and the impossibility to predict the actual strength of an army [unless you play the first or second difficulty, out of 7 or so].Eador: Genesis is bug free and due to its age suffers no lag or delays. The ""reload last turn"" mechanic makes more sense there, but is also less forgiving than the full save/load in MotBW; to be hones it's much more interesting that way.So my advice would be to pick up Eador: Genesis ($6 onGOG.comI believe) unless you REALLY like flashy graphics in a tactics game."
76561198008546307,Not Recommended,232050,10003289,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Upright1,Bugs and wasted potential. Over a year since release and game breaker bugs persist - despite continued developer support. Game shows flashes of promise but lacks tooltip information or tutorial depth to actually explain core mechanics. One should not need a 20 minute youtube visit to play something that he/she paid money for.
76561198007393487,Not Recommended,232050,19243043,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Paelos,"Played about 7 hours. The problem is the game repeats the same fight over and over on the shards, and you find yourself just ignoring the stupid random messages that become an annoyance rather than fun. Add in the fact that there's almost no strategy to any of the game.Here's the strategy on how to win: Move as fast as you can to conquer sections. That's it. If you can do that, you win. It's another game that's more about rushing around than actual strategy, or building up defenses, or dealing with an economy that makes any sense. Add in the fact that the mood metrics of the game are very convoluted, and you end up with gameplay that you'll be trying to skip rather than playing.Eventually I just got so frustrated I gave up. It's trying to be HOMM with a bigger veneer on it, but it's nowhere near as fun. Shame, because if they fleshed out the overland map part, it could be fun. But it's completely unbalanced and as such it makes no sense."
76561197970322928,Recommended,232050,392812,"Posted: 29 April, 2013",all,Plastic Jesus,"So, I've had a chance to play this game for a couple hours now... or 300, I guess. I do like it a lot, so I feel like I owe the game and the developers my feedback, which might help some people decide that they should get this! (or not, I suppose).Firstly, it's a turn based strategy game in a fantasy setting. Anyone who's a fan of that genre knows that it can be really difficult to tell a good one from a bad one by looking at screenshots on Steam. As a result, I own the complete collection of bad ones.I classify this game as good. For me personally, it's probably one of my favorite games, and would be in the shortlist of titles that I might choose from if I were forced to play only one game forever. Other titles in this ""shortlist"" might be Dominions 3, and Heroes of Might and Magic III. Now that 75% of you have stopped reading this, I can speak specifically to the people who should be reading this.Eador has a lot in common with those other two games I mentioned. Hiring heroes, outfitting them with gear and troops to roam the map conquering territory, building improvements in your castle, casting ""adventure spells"" and ""combat spells"" that you obtained from your buildings or looted scrolls. So many similarities, it captures all of the great things from the other games of this genre, so the decision whether to get this game hinges on what it does differently.First of all, the scale of the game is enormous. The campaign is the primary game mode. You choose a ""shard"", which is a piece of a broken world, they are all just floating around in space, and each one has a unique set of properties that will alter the rules of the game on that shard. One shard might have magically infused crystals, making wizardry especially effective, or a desert shard makes it difficult for troops to move across a battlefield, etc. The shards also have a ""size"" (map size), and a reward for conquering the shard. The rewards are mostly centered around unlocking castle improvements, which will then be available to you in subsequent shards. With the exception of previous shard rewards, nothing carries over between shards, as your ""character"" is just the immortal calling the shots from above, and he can only pass on what he has learned. The shards all have their own inhabitants and a unique ecosystem. In addition, there will be other immortals, like yourself, on the shard trying to capture it. You capture the shard by conquering the castles of these other immortals. The winning immortal has the shard merge into his master shard, (a collection of all his previously captured shards). You can choose to attack these master shards, where it will be a 1v1 battle between you and the immortal who owns it. If an immortal loses a game on his master shard, he is eliminated from the campaign altogether, and all of his rewards go to the person who defeated him. This is true for you as well, some immortals will attack your master shard, and losing means game over. Also keep in mind that while you are attacking shards, the other immortals are going after them as well. Some shards might get snapped up while you are battling on a different one, so prioritize them if they contain technology that is part of your fundamental strategy.All the while this is going on, there will be plenty of bantering, wheeling and dealing, smack talking, and good old fashioned back stabbing happening between the immortals. All of them want something from you, want you to hate the people they hate, or try to convert you to whatever their psychopathic vision might be for how the universe should operate. You can take them up on these things, and it can have a dramatic effect on the ""storyline"" of the game. You can kill them off if you choose, and they will do it to each other from time to time when the universe gets crowded. There are many of them, and more of them will keep springing up along the way, each with their own personality, back story, misguided morals, and gameplay strategies. The choices you make in game will affect their attitude toward you.It's important to understand the whole shard and immortal concept of the game because this is a big turn off for some people. Conquering a single shard is like playing an entire game from start to finish in any other strategy title, something that can take 1 to 12 hours, depending on the map size. Then you move on to the next shard where all your heroes are level 1 again, and all your phat loot is gone, and your castle has no upgrades again. While 95% of your time will be spent battling on shards, the overall story arc and meaningful strategic decisions will happen outside of them. This is what makes the game feel like it has nearly infinite possibilities and replay value for me, but I've heard others comment that moving from shard to shard feels punishing as you have to keep ""starting over"". You definitely need to decide which camp you fall in.The pace of the game is much slower and more nuanced than similar titles. You will be faced with MANY decisions in the game, and their impact is rarely immediate. These will come in the form of random events and encounters, where you will be making moral or monetary choices, which buildings you build will open other building possibilities while closing a bunch of others, and the troops you hire will have their own alignments and synergies. In a game like Heroes of Might and Magic, the outcome of the game might be decided on turn 9, by the guy who built his capital first, or captured the ultimate artifact, and the rest is just cleanup. In Eador, you build momentum. You pay 50 gold for +2 gold a turn, because in 30 turns, you're going to be glad you did. Your strategy is the culmination of all your decisions and how effectively you can align them with a particular end goal. Not to say that nothing significant happens, because it does, but for the most part you're playing from a macroeconomic perspective. This also frustrates some players because it can be hard to tell whether you are doing well, and there are so many choices to make without any clear indicator of what your priorities should be. It also doesn't help that the AI can be pretty brutal at times, so right when you are feeling way out of your element, someone is going to come along and crush you very unceremoniously, leaving you feeling pretty sour. I assure you that after a few shards, you will know what you are doing, and why you got crushed, and all that confusion and frustration will turn into excitement and possibilities.Heroes and troops are the core of shard conquering, and the best ones require a robust economy to support. Heroes engage in combat just like troops. They also can become very formidable relatively quickly, making lower level troops more like obstacles in a battle between heroes. There are 5 ranks of troops, and it takes a lot of time and resources to obtain higher ranks. Consequently, the combat effectiveness between the ranks is very significant. A dragon, hydra, or phoenix would be a rank 5 unit. These are very powerful, and could easily clean up an entire army low rank troops like swordsmen or clerics. This huge disparity of power is another frequent complaint. Just know that while each troop will have his moment of glory, and play a pivotal role in your advancement, most of them are unlikely to be useful beyond that point in the shard.The game has a ton of content. After 300 hours, I don't even have half of the achievements, and I'm constantly finding things I've never seen before. In combination with the stunning amount of replay value, this makes for a game that manages to stay fresh.My only complaints are AI turn times in large maps with many opponents during the late game can be long. Patches have made it better, but it's still irritating sometimes.It's had a history of bugs. The last patch introduced a pointer error that made it unplayable for me, but a reinstall seems to have alleviated it completely."
,Recommended,232050,975615,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Fjordus,"Overall, not a bad game.  It does get crazy repetitive though."
,Not Recommended,232050,35177856,Posted: 24 September,all,robotsheepboy,"I wanted to love Eador, I even backed it early, but unfortunately it was a let down, as were the developers...The game is completely full of bugs and glitches, making it very nearly unplayable for any long period. Add to this the terrible support (devs releasing paid dlc when most of the game was still a buggy mess) and the lack of a repeatedly promised linux/steam OS release and I just can't trust snowbird games.It's a real shame because the premise is great and at times the gameplay is fun (if a tad repititive) but unfortunately the bugs and lack of support and lies from the devs mean I just cannot recommend this game."
76561197972851965,Recommended,232050,15197137,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,N¹,"Campaign is addictive, repetitive and repetitive."
76561197989339585,Recommended,232050,27678504,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nummies,"I really wanted to love this game, and for the first 100 hours or so, I did. The problem I started to find was that the game was just a little too grindy. After the shine of a new concept, the novelty of the gameplay, and the fascination of the storyline wore off, I realized that I was really just playing the same battle over and over and over again. I tried to create a guide to help people with what to expect from the quest, and locations that you encounter, but it became such an undertaking that I had to tap out. If I had been enjoying the game, I would have kept going. It was during the creation of the guide that I realized that the combat map was the problem. You just use the same strategy over and over, as your play style preference doesn't give you a lot of options. All that said, I did get a ton of enjoyment out of the game. It was well worth the money I spent. I just wish that the game had more to offer, and didn't feel so much like doing the same thing over and over. I do recommend the game, and I hope you get at least a hundred hours out of it, at least. I can see myself playing this one again, because there is a lot of fun in it."
,Recommended,232050,23602232,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Scholar-at-Arms,"Eador is a fantasy strategy game with a lot of depth and enormous amount of playtime value.  The gameplay takes place on three levels: The campaign level, where you interact with the NPC overlords and decide which shard to attack and annex; the strategic level, where you explore and develop your provinces, and maneuver your armies; and the tactical, where your army faces off against another force in battle.  All three offer interesting choices and potential paths.  For instance, most of the decisions you make in the campaign level revolve around prioritising which shard to attack and conquer next.  Each one will unlock new tech and potentially offer other benefits; some are going to be harder than others terrain-wise; and of course as you encounter NPC overlords on the campaign level, they will also be attacking shards, potentially denying you tech when you want it. The strategic level-game reminded me of old-school AD&D at high levels, where players are ruling and developing territory, also of the old Heroes of Might & Magic games from 3DO.  Comparisons to HOMM3's gameplay are obvious, so I'll say that I think this is an excellent spiritual successor; for comparison, better than the later non-3DO HOMM games.The province exploration and dungeon-clearing are great fun; I especially like the sense of vastness each shard gets from the fact that every province can be explored, revealing dungeons, shops, or other locations.  On the tactical level, I also like the system where every individual unit has an XP track and gains levels, allowing for a lot of variation in strength and capability within a single unit type.  The downside to this is that a lot of tactical gameplay necessarily revolves around preserving your units so they can attain high levels; sacrificial gambits generally only make sense in a final push for shard victory.  That being said, the tactical combat is a lot of fun and definitely a worthwhile part of gameplay.My only larger criticism is that the campaign tends to get a bit repetitive, espeially in the early turns when you haven't conquered many shards and so have little tech to work with: invade a shard, defeat the local lords, annex, repeat from scratch.  But if those turns are formulaic, it's a GOOD formula, and more variation is added as you unlock more unit types to work with, to the repetition reduces over time.Highly recommended for any fan of fantasy strategy, particularly for fans of Heroes of Might & Magic or Avalon Hill's Titan."
76561198023276367,Recommended,232050,10387267,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,kyril96,"The campaign gets really drawn out, I switched to easy mode and still haven't gotten all that far."
76561198007377900,Recommended,232050,9599543,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Autarkis,This game is one of the better turn based strategy games on the market. Ignore the campaign and dive straight into a custom map vs up to 15 AI's. It's immense value for money.
76561197963124258,Recommended,232050,22750358,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Barrage,Great Turn based game really tough on hardest settings and great story only con is a wish they had done voice acting instead of making you read every interaction. I would also give props to DEV's oh kept patching and adding content well after release!
76561198031448533,Recommended,232050,22349908,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Nolnag,"Bought this game ages ago (I believe the price tag was a bit higher).  It probably wasn't worth it then, but it is now for sure.  They've really worked the kinks out and added a couple things that were desperately needed.  Hopefully they'll take what they've learned from their past two games and create a third game that really knocks it out of the park.Say what you will, but at least there's an assload of content.  You can play for a hundred hours and not finish the main campaign.  The story is good, your choices matter, all in all I think it's a good game.8/10"
76561197963406941,Recommended,232050,10335525,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,DocSteve,A simple game. Rather repetitive. A fine casual 4x'ish game.
,Recommended,232050,3094917,"Posted: 19 April, 2013",all,M. Night Shyamalan,If you want to find a reason to suicide buy this game.
76561198088617712,Recommended,232050,23532172,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,dobromato,"Better than heroes of might and magic and all other turn based fantasy games , but suffers from bugs sadly."
,Not Recommended,232050,8928333,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Erratic,"This game has potential.  Unfortunately its brokenly buggy.  I had numerous times where parts of my UI just stopped working, most notably the close button.  Heaven forbid if I open any dialog boxes because the way I could close them was to load a safe file or exit the game.  Even the hotkeys refused to close windows."
76561198048762187,Not Recommended,232050,29334230,Posted: 18 January,all,taharus,Wanted to play this game through at least one full playthrough to give a proper review. Crashed every time.
,Not Recommended,232050,10019097,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Ritsuka,"This game is atrociously bad.Game breaking bugs (enemy characters just stand there with 0HP, giving you the option of either reverting to last save, or letting computer auto-finish), The animations are horribly slow with no option to speed up so half the time your waiting for animations to be done. The game is annoying on all fronts with no redeeming qualities."
,Recommended,232050,8358607,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Deostr #Hankey,"♥♥♥♥, ♥♥♥♥, ♥♥♥♥. 60 hours and I just got my first shard. FUUUUUUUUCCCCKKKK. I cant play this game, I have not enough time.Gotta Delete it.FIve Stars."
,Recommended,232050,16639486,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Redrusty66,"Awesom little game many of the complaints regard the difficulty (then get a trainer or something, no guilt it's yours if ya buy it afterall). It's one of the best little Hex TBS games that exists, Being a veteran of the HOMM, CIv, Disciples and every other TBS I could get my havnds on over 20 years....lol This one fills the bill, the difficulty is pretty frustrating but any good gamer can adjust that to your needs. It is a very worthy addition to your library if you are into these kind of games."
76561197992943573,Not Recommended,232050,21093123,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Harry,"I keep going back to this game hoping to get into it more, but it's just so slow. By the time I can finally build tier 3 buildings that I won from previous shards, I've done it so much that it's like pulling teeth (each stage resets your heroes and buildings unless you pay energy to keep them, which is slow gathering).The gameplay and concept and everything is good, it's just that each stage is enough of a hassle to win (more and more so) that I don't want to do it 100 more times.And I really hate it when the AI invades my world! No rewards. I usually kill them for doing so, but one of the enemies that attacks has some force field that prevents you from killing him. I'm sure there is a way to remove it, but I hate being attacked - it adds to my 100s of shard battle grinds.If you want to go grind, I'd recommend a F2P MMO or such."
,Not Recommended,232050,19853815,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Jerieth,"The game has too many issues to play. I have a high end system, but I constantly get errors during gameplay that ruin the experience. Currently it is almost unplayable. Even when the game does work, it tends to get tedious. Combat is the same over and over, worlds are relatively the same, and the fun wears off quickly. They have added a lot of ""cool"" features in updates, but still haven't fixed the basic problems. I do not recommend buying it in its current state."
76561198042395079,Recommended,232050,18133234,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,kicktothehead,"This game has become a solid entry into the ""4x"" genre at this point. You conquer the Eador world shard by shard. Each shard you conquer allows you to build a little bit better buildings.  The combat is turn based and is done very well. The variety of monsters, creatures you will face is also very nice. I am a little over 16 hours into the game and I am on my 4th shard and to be honest it is getting a bit repetetive at this point. There is no hero carry over from shard to shard so after you conquer a shard you then recruit a new hero for the next. I think this is where the game falls a bit. You spend hours working through a shard, building your main provicence and adding a couple of smaller buildings to the conquered provinces all the while leveling up your hero. This is honestly quite a bit of work and takes grinding to beat the shard. However once you beat the shard , you lose all your progress and your hero. You essentially start the next shard at ground zero. Albeit you have access to a little bit better buildings but you do the same thing again. Start your hero at 0 and work on beating that shard.This is a fun game and at this point of its life plays solid- however I do not see myself logging 60 hours due to the repeat process on each shard.Things I think would make this game more enjoyable for longer play:Carry over your hero and make the next shard a level harder. This way you feel you are building towards something as you play through. Right now on shard 4 I stopped because I have a level 0 Warrior and he just croaked on 3 imps with 4 barbarians with him. It is frustrating considering on shard 3 I grinded my Mage to a great level and was enjoying the game. Then .... he is gone once the shard is defeated.Reduce the amount of searching in each province. To get to 100% per province takes quite a bit of time and is very repetetive. I find myself at this point in the game rolling my eyes when I hit nothing encountered 3x in a row and it becomes a click fest to see what you will find.Add more heroes if you plan on keeping the new hero per shard. They are quite generic and there is no real customization you can do to make the new hero on the next shard feel different.Right now you only have 4 to choose. I have already used all 4 and I am on my 4th shard. From what I read this game can reach 20+ shards per playthrough.The good :Pretty game. Graphics are solid.Combat is quite fun. I do like the movement points and I do like the challenge as the fights are not easy.The variety of monsters,creatures encountered is very large.Once you get the hang of city building with the wheel its pretty slick. I found myself realy enjoying the building aspect.All in all .. this a solid 4x entry ....however if you are like me and enjoy customization of your characters and buidling your characters over the course of the game you will find this quite repetetive and almost a chore when you hit the next shard. (notice my frequest use of the word repetetive)I would give it 7/10 based on solid gameplay, graphics,combat but it falls a bit due to lack of hero diversity, growth, and customization."
76561198018934774,Recommended,232050,9983142,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Ruff Daimont,Somehow this game got me. It has an easy learning curve which (after some reloading of saved games) is pretty easy to get the hang of. The game also doesn't rely too much on single unit tactics. I've only played the single player portion of the game but at 53 hours in there is still no end in sight.Simply put... I love it. It is challenging enough to keep playing over and over yet not frustrating. Can't wait to play the free DLC.
76561197985072747,Recommended,232050,1040190,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"A fun and simple strategy game. A main city to develop, turn based combat, monster encounters and equipment."
76561198021226900,Recommended,232050,11209979,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Smokezilla1,"Very good, very challenging, and a lot of fun that reminds me of playing D&D with my buddies in high school.  If you find this one on sale like I did, you need to grab it!"
76561198006571741,Recommended,232050,11533037,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,idelsgra,"Ok, an small analysis on Eador:I think this is a great game, played hundreds of hours and still had things surprising me (tried to be the bad guy, and if you let a lot of daemon portals open you will lose the game, as your world will be cast in chaos...)The strategic deep is quite big, and can be a hell to win it on higer difficult levels.Good thing on the game:- Deep strategy- Good history- Keep surprising you- Different ways to win, different scenarios which force you to try newer strategiesBad things on the game:- Sometimes you will have to use a lot of time to win over a shard (longer it takes to me was 16 hours), this mekes you thing you are advancing very slowly- Thtas all, i like very much ^^"
,Recommended,232050,31495835,Posted: 1 May,all,MR.BONES,"This game is loads of fun once you've gotten past the difficulty barrier.One thing I love about this game is you can level up your units, alot. I once had a single necromancer and barbarian clear out almost all of an entire provinces dungeons, just because together they could dish out so much. There's alot of different ways to build heroes, at level 10 they can multiclass and gain access to other classes levelup rewards as well as gaining a unique passive depending on what class combo you pick.The game has its problems, but I really think it deserves a higher rating than it has. I'd write a really long review for it, but for now I just want to up the rating."
76561198049990742,Recommended,232050,7505419,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Exoterius,"I remember this as Eador : Genesis but this version updates the game with more content and HD graphics. Anyone who loves their TB Strategy games should own this - It's deep, tough and has tons of content and is difficult to describe beyond comparisons with HoMM series, however this indie game definately adds something new to the genre, not least its high level of challenge and superb tactical battle system, random events, a wealth of world locations to explore and fortress management options to get your head around. You can easily lose 200+ hrs to this game, so be warned!"
76561198041020327,Recommended,232050,15780688,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Jaduggar,"I honestly couldnt decide if I should recommend this or not. Eador is a game with a very interesting playstyle, that has some serious problems preventing it from being great. I decided to recommend it because, despite its flaws, I am pushing a three digit playtime and still enjoying it.Eador looks like a 4X game, but I would argue that it is not. Your real focus here is on advancing your heroes. EVERYTHING COMES DOWN TO YOUR HEROES. You advance your heroes by clearing dungeons located in your provinces, which you locate with a ""province exploration"" mechanic, that is essential to advancing your economy. You will make far more money clearing these dungeons than you will with your economy, and the latter is really only there to support a few garrisons and pay for your leaders upkeep, which rises steadily.You explore your provinces to find dungeons for your heroes. You expand your empire to get more provinces, so that you can find more dungeons for your heroes. You expand your economy to support bigger armies for your heroes. You upgrade your castle so that you can get bigger bonuses for your heroes. All of your tech advances are aimed at getting better spells, and better units, and better equipment... for your heroes. The goal of this game is to be the first the get a hero to level 30 and max out its arsenal, at which point it becomes more powerful than everything else in the game except for another maxed out hero. Once you do this, you march to the enemies castles, and start taking them out.I have enjoyed this game a lot, because there are very few others quite like it, and the constant leveling is emotionally satisfying in an odd way. But, there are some real flaws. You cannot see far outside of your borders, and you cannot explore any areas you do not own, so the world feels vey small and lonely. You only ever meet your rivals when your borders physically touch, and even then you have no clear way to guage their strength. The world map will remain mostly hidden by the fog of war until you have conquered it, and even then there is no point in seeing everything. Just get to 30, find the keeps, and take them down.The first few turns are nearly impossible to get right until you have really gotten the hang of things. This game snowballs INTENSLY... messing up on turn 5 basically means that you have lost the game, but it will take you 300 turns to find that out. Eador forces you to save scum. There is no scaling of starting zones to lvl 1 armies, and the RMG can place you in a beginning position where none of your surrounding zones are capturable. Depending on your difficulty settings, the first 40 turns or so could be the hardest of the entire game, as you struggle for even the least of progress.Matches take so long (even the smallest of maps take 15 hours sometimes), that you cannot afford to simply play it by ear, you have to commit to a match for awhile. The largest sized maps can take a week to complete, if you really want to clear everything. The campaign is a joke. I spent the first 80 hours of my playtime on it, and I only barely got to the point where I could start to unlock t2 buildings. Basically, each campaign match unlocks (or permanantly locks) a single building and maybe a unit too, and gives you some small boost to your starting set-up. Given how long matches take, I could only assume an estimated 500 hour playtime for the whole thing, as there are hundreds of buildings in total. Either that or it ends way before you get everything.Pick it up if you like heavy RPG elements, that seems like what this game is focused on. But, dont expect a true 4X experience."
76561197967755546,Recommended,232050,16819491,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Whatever,Incredible game. Would pass a second lifetime playing it.
76561198018929700,Recommended,232050,17156514,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Marshall,"AI cheats like hell, otherwise pretty good game :)"
,Recommended,232050,16881687,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,JMBShadow,Love the game. Really like the turn base for when I'm busy and have to step away.
,Recommended,232050,10063736,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,TTianmaa'r,"Very good game :)Its really good combination of genres.It matteres if your economy is good, if you take care of morale both of provinces, and army. But it is not build billions of units and rush, each unit is more important, as it is cost of having it in your army. So you try to preserv each of your high lvl units so you can battle more efficiently, and easier...If you liked homm3 its this combined with civ :) and without stacking of dragons/skeletons/... get it and try it!"
76561198023861443,Recommended,232050,15419339,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Xavier,It's knda fun. has some bugs. past level 10 the choices kinda suck. heroes need more class specifics not mashing it with other heroes abilities.
76561198047432250,Recommended,232050,13266738,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Ged,"Imagine a HoMM game that is more deep than its predecessor, but made by a small dev that cares. A game in which you really need to watch over your provinces. Many different things (presented as stories with few choices) may happen. Those can either boost or hamper your chances of winning. There are also many possibilities when it comes to building types. Every province is like a small city and choosing the right buildings to build there may affect your income, population, events and happiness. Other than the gameplay I also find the story better than typical heroic fantasy boredom.On the negative side (to some gamers) there is a lot of learning to be done and I recommend reading a basic guide. The one in the game does not cover some of the more complex features."
76561198022751934,Recommended,232050,10397950,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Manabender,"Eador is the first strategy game I've really been able to sink my teeth into. And that's saying something, because I seem like the kind of person to enjoy strategy games...The reason for this is because the game remains paletable throughout. I think the thing that typically drives me away from strategy games a few hours in is that, once you start to amass resources and turn those resources into troops, etc., there's so much to take care of at any one time that it's too easy to lose track of anything oreverything.Eador isn't like that. While you caneventuallyget a gigantic army, colossal empire, and a mountain of resources, the buildup to that is very slow and easy to take in. Your armies are led by heroes, which cost exponentially more for each successive one, and each hero only starts with the capacity to have three units in its army (except for one, which starts with four slots). Over time, they'll level up and be able to lead more troops.Essentially, this leads to a strategy game where the most important resource is time. Hard limits are set on just how much you can do in a single turn, so, rather than a game where the first guy to get a billion troops wins, you get a game where the guy to best optimize his time wins."
76561198058986934,Recommended,232050,13058571,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,VIsix6,"If you like RPG s and or Turn based games you will like this game, it plays like a Civ game for the overworld and when you get into battle it changes to a smaller map and you have your army vs. whatever. and this game has so many choices."
76561198033917204,Recommended,232050,11149497,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,joed2202,"Good game, but very slow and glitchy. Difficulty ramps up pretty quickly too"
76561198060151590,Recommended,232050,10115008,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,The Chosen One!,"I have been into Strategy games for about a year and a half now, have it RTS or Hex-Based. I love Strategy games, I love the strategy, I love that you need to care and protect your army in som RTS's or Hex-Based Strategy games. But this one falls a bit short of both of those. I love this game, do not get me wrong. I only have three hours in this game but it is still a fantastic Hex-Based for what it is. After you get your armor and weapon set down, you need no strategy to win battles. When your troops die, you don't need to worry since you can get 6,000 gold in the first hour and a half so you can constantly buy more and more troops, and you constantly get Gems which is currency for mage troops or buildings. You can have buildings in your kingdom to hire new troops or entertain your city population, etc. This is fun nonetheless, but one major bug (which is common, but not at all an annoyance) is the zero HP bug. Sometimes when an enemy reaches zero HP, they are still alive and you need to auto-attack in order to complete the battle. Other than that bug and the simplicity then comes into play with no strategy, if I had to rate this game, I'd give it a 7.5/10. If you would like to, check my FaceBook page, Gaming Reviews, for more reviews of many games!https://www.facebook.com/pages/Gaming-Reviews/496509297065566"
76561198031201286,Recommended,232050,10827375,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,boro,"As long as the game goes, it's ok. I like turn based games, and Eador didn't disappoint me. But on behalf of all Linux gamers, I have a problem. Steam should not call this a Linux game, yes it runs, but it is not playable. It has some really nasty graphical glitches in Wine.There was some really good moves made to port few attractive games like CivV to linux, which plays natively and not in emulator (I know Wine is not an emulator...). My point is, if you do use linux icon, at least put some notion of it being played in Wine in system requirements portion."
76561198031581056,Recommended,232050,9694567,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Kvich,"It's a good an interesting game, much like the fabled heroes of might and magic series, but there's bugs and crashes every now and then, some even game breaking, which I assume they are trying to fix.Even with the crashes, the game is interesting, challenging and good, and I've not regretted buying it."
,Recommended,232050,8055782,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Walayimuna,"I've ben waiting for a game like this one for YEARS, yes, YEARS, it's ben over a decade that I couldn't find a good turn based strategy game, All the HoM&M where kinda meh, more and more of the same thing, Civilization has only the franchise name lately, the last titles it released where terrible, if you like turn based games, Eador will definitively please you, it's simply awesome in every aspect"
76561198047560200,Recommended,232050,32508905,Posted: 17 June,all,darbar3,460+ hours and I still love it
,Recommended,232050,18776175,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Koyoushi,"This game can be a bit slow, but very fun. Build however you want and create your army and your generals. You have multiple options, but can't access everything because they conflict. So you really need to decide if your going to build light or dark and that will effect which army units you can use, because they don't work together. It makes for a choice, but you can also pick up other units through mercenaries, so it's not like you're completely cut off from it either. Very fun."
76561198008067299,Recommended,232050,10829197,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,N:P,"Was at first when released very rough. Still enjoyed the game and was happy with it, however i just wished the patches would come along.Those patches have now arrived this game is amazing and im glad i was there to watch it grow and change!Pick it up on this summer sale now.P.s. vampires opZ"
76561198064692102,Recommended,232050,10380043,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Aether Sailor,Cool buddy cool.
,Recommended,232050,9950868,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,didoune,"A good game with very original ideas. The idea of the shards is really nice and you get new buildings and new troops every shard. Many strategies are possible during each shard and you may wanna try every kind of heroes. The story of the campain is rather original well written and nicely thought, with opponents who all have their own secrets about how they became high spirits.Also, it is rather original and pretty nice to feel like you are a high spirit immortal and fighting for shards that look like little planets in the stars.Another positive point with the idea of the shards is that you can have several strategies on them : you can rush it, you can take your time exploring every region, trying to find btw legendary weapons or extra bonuses for winning the shard.On the other hand, it is true there are bugs in this game. However, in my games, I never had any bug that warned me from playing the game (always had minor bugs that didnt affect the game).Another negative point is that you cant have bonuses for your heroes when you get a shard. You always have to do the same farming for your heroes and it is kinda repetitive.But still I strongly recommend this game ."
76561197972119406,Recommended,232050,8604108,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Dart,Great indie game with an excellent strategic depth.
,Recommended,232050,8704887,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Gorge,Good Game
,Not Recommended,232050,8573325,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Scorpion,Good:Remake on the classic with better features.Bad:Too buggy which will get you disappointed. Too long for a match which will get you almost nowhere and receives little reward after completing one.
76561197990047960,Recommended,232050,18057853,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,vivas,"A fantastic game, and it is still being updated frequently, well done Snowbird! Can't wait for an expansion :-)"
,Recommended,232050,8181624,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,dorzki,One of the best games i've playeed in a while...
,Recommended,232050,12986877,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Roderton,"Warning! Extremely addictive!I have been trying to tear myself away from this game to be able to study with only limited success.At first I did not understand the game and then I thought it sucked balls. But after learning what to do after beginning a map, thing have become much, much easier and more plesant.If you are a completionist like myself you will find yourself trying to complete every single small quest you are given so I'm gonna give you an advice. Just complete the map and get it over with. Unless you want to spend several hours per map that is."
76561198030892591,Not Recommended,232050,11269143,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,shurta,"Bohužel i když na první pohled zajímavá strategie výsledný efekt se rovná = Absolutní nuda. Monotónní  kombat system kde střelecké jednotky rozsekají vše a průzkumné mise bez nápadu. Město přeplácané a stavba zbytečně složitá.Moje hodnocení ...  2/10.Unfortunately, even though at first glance an interesting strategy resulting effect is equal to = Bodedom. Monotone combat system where all ranged units hack and scout mission with no idea. City fussy and unnecessarily complicated construction.My ratings ...  2/10.残念ながら、たとえ一目見ただけで効果が生じた興味深い戦略は、に等しい = 退屈. モノトーンコンバットシステム場所 あった単位はすべてチョップ サッパリと偵察任務. 市うるさいと、不必要に複雑な構造.私の評価 ...  2/10."
,Recommended,232050,9536515,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,blamethefatkid,"If it were a looney toon, it would be ""Bugs""....10/10"
76561198023804630,Recommended,232050,17633717,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,13013,One of my favorite 4x ever.  I didn't expect to like this game when I got it but found myself loving it.Most good and bad has already been stated in the other reviews.Don't ignore the conversations in this game is all I'd like to add.Yes the AI is dorky much of the time but I noticed (for me at least) it is only on some worlds.Bugs and crashes seem rare to me.Everything else I love about this game.
,Recommended,232050,24141407,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,jatone,"allows itself to be installed on linux, but doesn't actually support it. =( saddened because I use to enjoy the game on windows."
76561198053234919,Recommended,232050,17536028,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Stag,"While this game is worthwhile on a number of levels, such as the many choices of buildings to construct, the endless variety of maps that are generated, and the many different items you may find as loot, what I am most intrigued by are the continuously important choices you must make when it comes to whether or not to fight a battle.  Going up against 3 giant spiders may seem somewhat easy for an archer who has gained several levels and found a decent bow, but 8 or 9 may be overwhelming, so getting a sense of what is and is not achievable, and when, is a real skill here.  Should you decide to play at a high enough difficulty that the advice is turned off, then skillfull decisions become crucial, because it is there that the handholding is truly gone.The discovery of what unit types complement one another is also quite fun to explore, especially on the occasion when you may acquire a unit type that cannot be recruited in your own castle.  I am dying to mention some of my favorites combinations, but it is the joy of these discoveries that makes them satisfying, so I will leave it at that.True, there is still an occasional crash, but I have not had to begin a new game because of them in well over a year, maybe longer. Restarting the game lets me resume play after replaying only a single turn, so it's not much of an inconvenience.  In the end, this game keeps me coming back again and again because of its good things, and I am always delighted to discover more."
,Recommended,232050,8413662,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Yadrathe,Better then its Rated. Long term strategy based game.
76561198221874288,Recommended,232050,17814272,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Mowgli,Crashes A LOT.  Still worth it though...
76561198073084070,Recommended,232050,11623712,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,EzuTheDarkLord,brock after first campain get Warlock and/or Warlock 2
76561198018403892,Recommended,232050,3160866,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,zanzibar_hero,"Eador shipped out with plenty of bugs and very little new content compared to the other Eador game... In fact it was just graphics and some campaign mechanics that were updated... So... for a turn based strategy/RPG for 20bucks that comes out of the soviet union, this is pretty good. The problem is I spent 40 hours on genesis, and since this is identical, it bores me much quicker than it should... Overall, if you are a fan of these turn based strategy games, this is a steal for the price it has on... Comparable to Fallen Enchantress, but way cheaper..."
76561198031832854,Recommended,232050,7805592,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Zubin,"fantastic little game will give u hrs of gameplaygood mix of games such as heroes, total war and civilizationswell worth the $20 price tag"
76561197993745882,Recommended,232050,7811351,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Cowbell Hero,"The best way to describe Eador: Master of the Broken World is that is very much like heroes of might and magic or other hex based, turn based combat games mixed with a strategic map more alike something from the total war series.But unlike other games set in alike setting, you do not get to chose race, however in its place is a karma system and so you still deal with creatures of different alignments and it also extends to the strategic events and affects such things as random events.There are a few problems, namely the random nature of events and not knowing what causes it. I felt that it took a good while before things became clear to the players as to what might trigger within certain terrain, by certain races and for what reasons. While some might argue that it keeps things fresh and you on your toes at all times, I found it at least as much frustrating to be punished for things I couldn't possibly predict.Because of this, some other random elements and because of limited knowledge of unit composition and generally what a good way is to start, I would say this game has a very steep learning curve. For some this might be a strictly bad thing, while others might enjoy figuring things out.It should also be said that the more you learn, the more restricted you might feel as some choices are real not much of a choice at all, like your starting hero for example.Sometimes the games can drag on, and because the game is repetitive in its nature, due to how the campaign is played by generating a new map with a basic start for every single new world you try to take over, progression can feel slow and unrewarding between maps.But overall, it can be very tactically challenging and worthy the time of those who enjoy some management and above all this style of hex based turn based combat."
76561198029278674,Recommended,232050,7939872,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Mr Weasel,Why am I the only person on my friends list who owns this? Very good fantasy strategy :D
76561198022458151,Recommended,232050,8169561,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Styrupp,"Benefits: fun, strategic thinking several stepsDisadvantages: very time consuming. may be repetitive."
76561198031116572,Recommended,232050,8402952,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,sapientiae,"great game, though sometimes, for a completionist like me, completing absolutely everything on every single map can start to feel a bit grindy"
,Recommended,232050,8412412,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,*** Woo! ***,"This game is a mix of a turn-based strategy and an RPG, mixed with some diplomatic elements.It's worth the purchase for the unique gaming experience but it has a bit of a harsh learning curve, initial difficulty level and does have it's share of bugs.Still, worth the purchase during the Steam sale.7/10"
,Recommended,232050,8444400,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,rednoahl,"I'd heard really bad things about this game, but my experience thirty hours in has been positive - no bugs and a nice turn based chill out game which is what I was after when i bought it. For what I paid for it and to play for thirty hours is a bargain imo, and the longer I play the better it gets."
76561197999320463,Recommended,232050,8447462,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,DeShane88,Great game!!! Very fun and I find myself stuck playing for hours!
,Recommended,232050,8459542,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Namfoodle,It's a lot like Disciples II with the battle system of Heroes of Might and Magic.
76561197995213961,Recommended,232050,1595778,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Dverning,"I give it a 6.  I got about 15 hours out of it before I got bored.  It's a great concept and very ambitious.  The game gets bogged down in tedious combat, unbalanced units, and dumb AI.  Normal units require too much baby sitting to really level, but that's okay because high level heros dominate the field single-handed.  The strategic game lacks too: You're too busy conquering new areas (or re-conquering) to really explore or do quests except as side effect.  The meta-strategic is also neat, but you're so rarely there that it's more an aside than core gameplay.Really, I enjoyed what they were trying to do here, but I'd rather go play something a little more complex, such as Elven Legacy."
76561197997793567,Recommended,232050,1774412,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Cordell,"Be prepared to put a hundred or so hours into mastering this game.  Is it worth it?  Yes, but be prepared to learn from your mistakes.  It does not hold your hand, nor does it teach you much in the very limited tutorial, oh and there is pretty much nothing online to help either as the game was developed in Russia.  Having said all that, this is one of the best strategy games I have ever played.  Liking this far more than HOMM, King's Bounty, or Fallen Enchantress!"
76561198013202687,Recommended,232050,2826522,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Lancelot,İt is nice to have a game that unites civilization with some role play game elements.
,Recommended,232050,3660644,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Khalagar,"This game is extremely fun, it looks kind of wonky and complicated but it quickly becomes incredibily addicting. The amount of replay value the game has is nearly as staggering as the amount of time it takes to even beat it the first time"
76561198006540537,Recommended,232050,7429893,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,ToMos,"This game is the perfect blend of Civilization and Heroes of Might and Magic. If you're into that kind of fun, dont miss this game."
,Recommended,232050,7581533,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Quarrels,sweet TBS kinda buggy though
76561197994915857,Recommended,232050,8287423,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Diesalot,"Very much enjoying this, although I'm finding that I really need a good flowchart to figure out pre-requisites.  Have only had one crash when alt-tabbing, so it seems pretty stable.  Tough start, but once I got the basics down it really began to eat up time.If you like Master of Magic, I would recommend this.  It's not really a MoM replacement, but it's definitely in the same vein."
,Recommended,232050,8339700,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Thordlar The Mystic,"I highly recomend this game to anyone who like turn based strategies.  It is very entertaining.  You can spend hours playing and not even realise it.  The game is not without flaws though.  The quest crystals are broken and there are some endgame difficulties, but the pros highly outweigh the cons.  Even though it is a lot of the same thing over and over again it never seems to feel boring.  Each shard is unique and you can't just use the same strategy for all."
76561198030986710,Recommended,232050,8365288,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Foo2,Fun and addictive strategy game! Lot's ofdepth and content.
,Recommended,232050,8515902,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Punished Dindins,"This game bloody well rules. Little have I played a game that has given me as much enjoyment since Heroes of Might and Magic 3. The only problem I have with this game are the giant trolls. Trolls will seriously slap your girlfriends booty and you'll have no other choice but to laugh uncomfortably because that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ will spiderman punch the ever living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you.Then when you both go home she breaks up with you and kicks you out of your own home leaving you with only a handful of soldiers to hopefully reclaim your lost kingdom. Then when your feeling pretty good about yourself, the troll slaps your♥♥♥♥♥Slapsallofyourbooty."
76561197980569989,Recommended,232050,9197414,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Cutter,"Lots of potential, falls short of the mark. Rec'd with reservations - get it on a good sale."
76561197995487341,Recommended,232050,9217348,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Katherine,"I love this game. It's a cross between a turn based strategy game and an RPG, and it's very addictive!"
76561198008094667,Recommended,232050,9218243,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,julezclark,"This game is fun in thoery, were it doesnt crash and you get to play a full game. But it in fact does keep crashing."
,Recommended,232050,9269803,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Welshie,My only gripe with this game is the animtion and sound don't match to the action the walking sound compared to the speen of walking is terrible and off putting. Nick picking maybe but playing with annoyances like this puts me off playing. Other than that lovely game.
,Recommended,232050,9403848,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,"Pew, pew, Barney McGrew","I like it! Loads of things to build, loads of powerups to select for both your heroes and troops and the graphics look great. Starts off nice and easy, then gets a bit tricky :)"
76561197970571810,Recommended,232050,431337,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,ExHippy,Fun for a while but unless you're willing to put in a serious amount of time (and I'm talking 100 hours plus here) and LOVE strategy games where you get dropped back to the start and have to build from scratch every level: don't bother. If you can stand a fair bit of repetition and are looking for a huge time sink then this is the game for you.Oh and they seem to reset your achievements every so often as well.
,Recommended,232050,5507619,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,danielxancient,"Brilliant! Very interesting story line ,massive graphic .I would recommend to anybody."
,Recommended,232050,5622385,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Winter Wolf,While not a giant like AoW or the early Homm Series this game holds its own as a grand strategic game with some development and roleplaying aspects. It has a fairly steep learning curve so be prepared for some level of frustration unless you procede carefully.The economics determine your success or failure so be sure to think before buying armies willynilly. Scout/Warrior are best for starting out.Fair warning: this game will eat up your time if you attempt the campaign mode. And there is a significant chance that there will be game killing errors. I still recommend it but with the caveat that you are buying a deeply flawed and yet beautifully implemented long time scale game.
,Recommended,232050,721253,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,W_,"I got ""Might & Magic: Heroes VI"" when it was released, and was thoroughly disappointed. This game, however, even unfinished, is everything I ever wanted from a tactical RPG. Addictive like nothing else!"
,Recommended,232050,7479428,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Budeholly,"This is a great game in the style of Heroes of Might & Magic. It's a bit more difficult to learn than your average game and  you can expect to get beaten down a bit in the beginning, but once you pickup on the strategy - it is very fun.It's a cheap little indie game with a unique take on a strategy rpg. The campaign is long and grueling - be prepared to invest some hours."
76561197985763698,Recommended,232050,8254789,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,nubotm,Really good Fantasy strategy turn based game. Excellent replayability with the randomness. Highly endorse if you enjoy this type of game.
76561198047154271,Recommended,232050,8481201,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,steff01,"That game is good, just its became a bit slow if there are 3-4 player on a shard. Because it will be too long to accopmlish the quest."
,Recommended,232050,8482618,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ilizan,"If you're a fan of turn based hexagones tactical battles this is a must have.I came in hoping a game like Heroes of Might and Magic, but I really got surprised with the tools, storyline and options you're able to explore.This game will bring you to a medieval world full of disputes for power and glory; different races trying to survive and expand their lands, wealth and people.Besides that, you're not a mere mortal king or lord, but you're above them all, trying to reach a higher purpose - which you will be able to chose through your fate and will.Conquering world pieces to build your own or eliminating all lives around, you can do whatever you want in your path.So I basically recommend this game because:- Really awesome tactical turn based battles with unique features and options, which you need to explore all resources and be a strategist (depending on game difficulty);- Interesting concepts evolving into a storyline which you can mold a world depeding on your alingment and convenience, which makes a nice roleplaying;- Interesting 3D character models (action) and pictures (events) mix;- Very explicative tutorial that accompanies you throughout the game, appearing when given situation occurs;- Freedom.Things I consider negative, but I hope they'll fix in future patches, mostly bugs:- Crashes when specific situations occur (casting a particular spell or something like that);- Game forum with restrictions and difficulties in accessing."
,Recommended,232050,8529140,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Robak,"This is clearly one of the most addicting games I've ever played. A mix between Battle for Wesnoth, Heroes of Might and Magic and Total War (referring only to the Province system which is more Total Wari-ish than Europa Universalis) which will sink you deep. Challenging and truly fun to learn while playing, even though sometimes one might think it's a little bit complicated. Turn strategy games fans should be delighted."
76561198027106931,Recommended,232050,8534785,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,fish_hut,"If you enjoy the old school Heroes of Might and Magic you'll like this game. It takes out some of the more frustrating resource management by reducing the types of resources from 6 to 2. Heroes feel a little underpowered in this game, but the four classes are pretty well balanced. The campaign mode adds a nice level of strategy. While each shard you conquer feels like its own world, and is a brief heroes of Might and Magic style game unto itself, the strategic brilliance is in how they link each conquest. As you conquer shards you obtain benefits and unlock technology that you can use in later conquests...for a price. The writing could use some polish, and it's difficult to pin down exactly, but it feels at times as though maybe a less than thorough job was done translating the game from another language. The real gold of this game is in its expanse. It is basically impossible to completely explore every shard, or at least would take a very long time, and the game does a nice job of providing you with new and different encounters. Do I want to try and forge an alliance with the elves on this shard or the halflings? Is it worth the time or should I just slaughter them all and take their lands? Should my hero spend his time hunting down that dragon that's plagueing my kingdom or should he pillage my enemy's domain? It's also nice to be confronted with actually insurmountable obstacles from time to time. No I can't explore this laborynth and kill it's minotaur at level one, but just because I can't face it, doesn't mean I can't see it. So many games have the ""you'll get there when you're ready"" mentality and it negatively affects suspension of disbelief.The story is fairly generic fantasy, but Astral politics can be fun, and it's nice that the way you treat your subjects and those around you has a concrete effect on the way they interact with you. That being said, being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ isn't all bad like it is in some games. Some races respect bloodthirst and power. As a do-gooder, I constantly had my orc provinces in rebellion because they view me as oppressive and weak. Certain Astral entities will ally with you out of fear or respect for power rather than just sycophantic loyalty to kindness.All in all I very much enjoy this game. Is it Shakespeare? No, but it certainly passes the time."
76561198092084338,Recommended,232050,8586160,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Gawdwrath,Amazing game!
,Recommended,232050,8810605,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Neak,"Very fun strategy game. Good humour, and tricky at times. After playing for a while feels a tad repetetive, but I'd highly recommend."
76561198052354515,Recommended,232050,9158651,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,donald.robinson87,If you lik turn based Strategy games you'll like this game. Nice story line and graphics.
,Recommended,232050,9223897,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Ron AF Greve,"Really love this game. Not too difficult and not too easy, just right. This is a TBS type of game. The world consists of shards, which you have to conquer. Every shard consist of a number of provinces. Your hero (as usual you can have a number of them) has to conquer the provinces. Once a province is conquered you can explore it (find treasure, etc. usually leading to a fight or negotiation) pleasing the local population make money from them build mining facilities, mills etc. There are many kind of buildings to build and paths to choose.In between, events take place that you must resolve in some way. For instance there is some wizard that resurrects some death people and you have to decide whether to fight the wizard, pay it off or ignore it (just making this one up as an example).Fights bring you to a hexagonal field which is pretty much standard across TBS type of games and you have to fight the enemy with the army you have (pretty much like you have it in other TBS games like king's bounty).Loads of fun and highly recommended."
76561198006820020,Recommended,232050,9384851,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,radu_stefan,"I played this a lot, there are many good ideas, the game is very interesting and addictive.However I will not recomend this.There are quite a lot of game breaking bugs. For example if the oposing units have the ""atack and move""traints, they will simply  exterminate your army. This is an easy bug to find and fix, I found this in my game 6 months ago, and is still there .And there are other bugs:Your hero will randomly get stuck while moving from province to province, or it will automaticly fight an invisible army and die.This kills your hero, you need to load a previos save and after 10-20  times you simply have enoght.This game has many good ideeas, I like the mecanichs but with all this bugs ( and no fixing in sight), I can not recomend it.Edit. After a long time, finally the developer release a patch for many bugs, including the ones I mention above. Plus as a apology for the extremly long time, they release a free DLC. After playing for 7 hours I did not found any major bugs.The game is not perfect, it has some balancing issues, but it is addictive and quite interesting."
76561198048687538,Recommended,232050,9702363,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Bluewhitemoon,"I've played Eador for some hours and nearly two days non-stop. It is a promising game, really a masterpiece of a crossover between Civilization and Heroes of Might and Magic, the battles are really difficult but still fair, with the exception of 1-2 enemy units. It is a lot of fun for ppl who like to manage a lot, but still enjoy a nice battle every now and then.The main flaw why I wouldnt recommend this game is, because on the technical side it's a mess. Errors prompting up every 5-30 minutes, most of them just stop the game from running, the minimum specs are a lie and the loading times are unbelievably long. You could say that in a playtime of 8hours you effectively have played 3-4.Still I would recommend Eador for being one of those games that really fascinate you, if you give it the chance and maybe have a good PC, the game is still a work in progress so maybe it will get better in time."
76561198025585334,Recommended,232050,9835117,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,[PGR]Mr.SovelissoCa,"Hard, challenging, time-consumin'. Code's been optimized at last! Heroes V combined with Disciples. 8/10 - if you like turn-based strategy genre - you should try this game."
76561197985402177,Recommended,232050,1052964,"Posted: 20 April, 2013",all,Avenger_Mullah,"Age of Wonders, Heroes of Might & Magic and Warlock had very drunk sex in Russia once - this game is the result"
,Recommended,232050,1811120,"Posted: 28 April, 2013",all,Briggs,Super deep and complex gameplay for the standard turn based strategy genre.
76561198017741506,Recommended,232050,3117557,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,. bereal73 .,A solid game that is packed full of content for fans of turnbased games in a classic fantasy setting. A must have!
,Recommended,232050,3869655,"Posted: 28 April, 2013",all,camelotcrusade,"While I can't recommend the campaign beyond its qualities as a tutorial, I do recommend the custom game and the entertaining mix of exploration, role-playing and tactical combat in Eador.  I've not played anything quite like it before and I look forward to future updates and fixes.   Recommended with reservations at full price and with gusto if you see it on sale."
76561198040032474,Recommended,232050,4629152,"Posted: 29 April, 2013",all,Quillish,A very nice piece of work that does a great job sucking up hours.
,Recommended,232050,4883936,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,cabreva,"Four months after release, this game is totally bug free (in my experience, of course) and offers a combat system that is very different, ballanced, deep and challenging, more than any other recent turn-based games like heroes of might and magic, king's bounty and fallen enchantress. Also, the four heroes types are quite distinct and balanced. The building system is also very, very deep (sadly its building interface is not good as it isdeep).And cheaper than king's bounty, heroes VI and fallen enchantress."
,Recommended,232050,66429,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,InTheGhett0,"This game RULES!If you have not bought King's Bounty yet, buy this.Then, buy King's Bounty.For Shame!GREAT BUY! RPG / Strategy gem that is a must have for all great game collectors."
76561198060763159,Recommended,232050,7409741,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,<Arimur>,Por menos de 10 euros puede merecer la pena. Para esas horas muertas offline.
,Recommended,232050,9180871,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,DragonZzBreath,"(This review is from my opinion and has doesn't cover any issues the game others claim it may have.)Well worth the money and time invested.It's a game that keeps you coming back so long as you're not a casual player. Has the hardest campaign I've ever played by far and I'm still playing on beginner without finishing or starting a new campaign for the whole time I've actually spent playing the game (over 190hrs).But it's been time well spent. The style of the artwork, the units, the models, the abilities and depth just work sooo well together.  I ACTUALLY feel like I'm in control of a kingdom while I'm playing. My choices have meaning and consequence/benefits. Although thats obvious when you play some games. I feel if I had to choose between games like ROME total war, Age of wonders series, Civ 5 etc, all those turn-based conquest stratagy games, I'd rather uninstall the rest than stop playing this one. But thats just my opinion.The game in full could be taken furthur if the developers spent the same amount of time they spent making the game to make it go ever furthur. More intereactions, more interesting situations your kingdom might face, THINGS like shards clashing in the middle of conquering one shard then 2 more enemy kingdoms rock up that were originally clashing on that shard to begin with now I have to conquer both with more mayhem to add to the mix. The forging of alliances out of shards with other demi-gods, THE LIST is endless.For what it is though it's amazing and a true inspiration towards what fantasy games should be/feel/look like. Not to mention the idea of shards and it's turn based stratagy while conquering territories. Well done! ^_^p.s to myself: This review after reading does not serve the game justice, I feel its more than what I described by far but I couldn't find the words :("
76561197982052380,Recommended,232050,920054,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,SEREGAtr,"Герои, дисайплы и немало другого в одном флаконе, очень играбельно особенно после патчей."
76561198001877537,Recommended,232050,9258480,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Tone,Very fun strategy game - similar to heroes of might and magic with base building mechanics.   Lots of depth.Very long however - many shards to conquer and lots of time to conquer each.
,Recommended,232050,9985186,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Paldin,"Super complex if you mind exploiting undead/summons; but getting into the game is deceptively easy. Pulls you right in and then gives you challenges to meet your level of ability (or at least it does if you're paying attention). Only gripe is how long games must play out and how much of the game mechanics are not immediately obvious to players who want to learn organically and don't enjoy reading strategy guides. But the game is totally random after the first couple levels, so replay is still good. Very important because the same turn-based mechanics are played out over and over on the territory map."
,Recommended,232050,9986388,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Verbal,"A great 4x game with interesting combat mechanics that will keep you comming back months later. Do expect yourself to be burnt out though after 2 weeks of non-stop playing, as some aspects of it can get repeditive. But give it a 2 month break and the little russian guys who make the game will have updated it with new units, spells, and quests.Certainly a game worth having in your collection if turn based stratergy is of any interest to you."
,Recommended,232050,9988422,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Largan Wildrop,"If you want a turn based tiled combat game, this one is prety good but nothing new."
76561197965668860,Recommended,232050,9989837,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,owlking,If you like turn-based strategy games with rpg elements then I strongly recommend this game. It is however very time consuming but it is definitely worth the time!One of my absolute favourite games on steam at the moment.
76561198015387774,Recommended,232050,8304976,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,cdg213,BUYY ETTTT
76561198030943643,Recommended,232050,18348396,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,calson33,"Great game if you know what you are getting yourself into.The downsides:Crashes, bugs, but not unplayable.Repetitive, really repetitive towards the end of the game.The upsides:Fun turn based combat."
76561198074245934,Not Recommended,232050,14108907,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Don,"I had a hard time deciding wether to recommend this game or not given the current flaws it has.Watch a few youtube videos to understand the mechanics and know that this is game about trial and error. The battle prediction is broken, dont trust it ... there are some predicted ""very easy"" encounters which in my oppinion cant be won. A battle against 4 medusas without a ranged hero is a loss regardless of predictions.The above brings me to the next obvious point; inbalance. The devs simply did not take their time to implement this propperly, some creatures are simply too powerfull for early game and you have to know this prior to engaging ... unless you dont mind reloading a lot.Early positioning and ressources can also be an issue, but in my oppinion not as vital as the two flaws mentioned above.PS: None of the issues were ever fixed, combat prediction is herrendous and AI cheats. Changed from positive to negative due to that reason."
76561198044759443,Recommended,232050,18226228,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Xerberus86,"great hidden gem, was quite rough (buggy) at the release but now is quite stable and one of the best and most unique 4x fantasy games.- great tactical combat- huge amount of events and sidestories which affect the game- diverse units with abiitiestry it out :)"
,Recommended,232050,7515512,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Flugh,"This is the first game in a long time that kept me up late doing the ""just one more turn"" thing. I enjoy it's turn-based pace. It seems simple enough because who wants to do a bunch of slide-rule theorycrafting before every click? So far, I've only played the warrior hero, and am trying to finish the map or level cap before starting another hero. Grab this one the next time it's on sale (not putting the game down, but it's a $10 game in my book)."
,Recommended,232050,1484316,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,Barrier,This game is awesome! :D
76561197972872139,Recommended,232050,20782835,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,adambomb76,"Incredibly deep 4x game. Steep learning curve and a bit buggy but still well worth the price of admission. Gameplay does get a bit repetitive but the sheer number of units, buildings and various strategies you can employ, in addition to the unique challenges presented by each shard ensures every shard skirmish feels unique from each other.It's so fun leveling up your heroes, buidling armies, developing provinces, learning magic, buying items, exploring, casting rituals, hiring guards, conquering provinces, adventuring...this game really scratches an itch. Not for the faint of heart or someone seeking a casual game but definitely a gamer's game.Only negative is it's a slow game and takes many, many hours to play....so enter if you dare!"
76561198040919135,Recommended,232050,26633269,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Cylexus,"Excellent and also extremely long game, sadly the battles can get repetive after a while."
76561197972452367,Recommended,232050,27082705,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cockpuncher,"It takes quite some time to get through the tutorial and it has some repetitons, but it is very nice, complex and a lot of fun."
76561198018455082,Recommended,232050,7850624,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Zandarthis,This game is epic in its scope and addicting as a game can be. You can send endless hours just finding the perfect way to deal with a certain enemy or which class of hero best fits your play style. I highly recommeend this game for any fan of games like Heroes of M&M or Disciples.
76561197979537904,Recommended,232050,10111530,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,EdgeTK,"It's got a bit of a stiff learning curve and the tutorial is actually kind of weird / buggy. I'm a fan of Civ / Master of magic type games and that's what this is. Dozens of ""shards"" each being a unique world ruled by one or more local lords and possibly a higher being (similar to you). You can use diplomatic relations with the higher beings or just fight everything, be a kind rule and loved or a tyrant and feared. Take things be force and pillage or grow and build.Every shard you claim unlocks new spells, troops and items so it's motivation to go for the hard ones. All in all a really fun game with a good auto save, buggy at times but auto save bails you out and you really open it up / start to enjoy a couple shards in so stick with it / power past the tutorial and the 1st demo shard if you can and you'll be rewarded with a lovely game."
76561198031035753,Recommended,232050,23540757,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,batmancox,An enjoyable strategy game. Great value for money.
76561198005500753,Recommended,232050,23385654,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,rayearth,"This game completely consumed my life and worst of all, now there is going to be an expansion...."
76561198008937762,Recommended,232050,8287283,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,.:|GO|:.Silentfingers,From what I got to play of this game it was pretty enjoyable... saying that I then finished the tutorial and the first area I got to was broken... but I will wait for a patch i suppose
,Recommended,232050,10022958,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Magnumus,"Good game, Leveling units and equiping your armies is fun as well as doing ""dungeons"" while on a location. The fact that all cities have higher level content that you can access but shouldn't is fun. Definately worth a try."
76561198008431818,Recommended,232050,10028130,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,paulhk06,"Good game, however I think the game should be improved in the Battle AI ans also the effective difficulty kevel should be more efficient, especially when select Beginning levvel."
,Recommended,232050,10807833,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,[TFD] al Qamar,"The last time I extensively played Eador was back in summer of 2013, outside of Steam. The game was quite new. It had tons of bugs but it was mostly playable. However it was no secret it was unfinished and many important mechanics did not work. But the small team of developers really deserve a load of respect because now a year and dozends of patches later - after many fans may have given up their hope on Eador and even taunted the creators ""Masters of the Broken Game"" on their official support forums - the game is great.My comeback to the game today was worth and to honor the good work on the game the devs put into it I decided to buy it on Steam. I never thought they could recover this game and even more important giving the UI a needed refresh. By today the game is like it should have been at release - it is fun and can be challenging.There are still some drawbacks: it can be confusing to learn how to conquer the shards and how the whole works.The AI may be still better. The monsters, items and events you face on the shards are very repetitive. Not to start talking about the music.  Apart from that I would give Eador a good 6 of 10 rating.If you have some time kill and you love to combine strategy with roleplay elements  it is definitely worth the few bucks it costs! In strategic aspects how creatures are fighting each other it reminds me a bit of Magic the Gathering.Bad luck for Windows 8 users this game needs .NET Framework 3.5 to be installed to work properly.I rate the game with a 7/10.1 point less for the repetitive music and missions1 point less for the remaining bugs (mostly AI) and crashes1 point less for the fact you have to delete a preexisting profile and start a new campaign to unlock steam achievements, also to get access to the DLC. if you played Eador before you got it on Steam and like to play on like me, it will be troublesome."
76561198006986577,Recommended,232050,23654997,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,DragonElderX9,"A fun turn based strategy with a fantastical aesthetic.  I've never played the Might and Magic games so I don't know how it compares to those.  I enjoy the art style and the story is pretty neat.  The universe is shards of land floating around a sea of space, similar to D&D's lore of the Astral Sea.  Combat is mostly good, with a few annoyances(can only move before you attack, but not after).  All in all I enjoy the game for what it is, but I think I'd still prefer a different TBS."
,Recommended,232050,1753211,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,KillJoy,"Mindalix, вот её я рекомендовал."
76561198045568509,Not Recommended,232050,29593418,Posted: 30 January,all,orrifice_bathwater,"was going fine untill the last patch that was supposed to ""fix it"" (oh the irony) now i just get an out of memory error, love the game but its no good if you can't play it"
76561198088086141,Recommended,232050,22021016,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,NTLuck,"This is a very good strategy game although i do admit that it was a disaster when it realeased. After many patches and smart DLCs the game is now very playable although there are a few points that irk me a little that would make the game  perfect if the developers release a patch to fix them. I wish i was able to choose all my heroes skills from a skill tree like in Fallen Enchantress, instead of relying on luck whenever there is a level up and i think the level capacity would be much better and well balanced if it was at 40 instead of 30. finally i really need a dificulty customizor. Meaning i wish i have the ability to decide how powerful the monster will be at the start of the game, how fast your heroes can level up and the chances of finding good loot...etc instead of it all being fixedf on deficulty levels"
,Recommended,232050,11849984,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,emerssso,"I love the multi-layered strategy and the worldbuilding that ties together different game mechanics.  Definitely a relatively punishing 4X, but absolutely worth diving into if you enjoy 4X/RPG hybrids that offer a real challenge without making it feel like the AI is simply overpowered."
76561198057279764,Recommended,232050,12278243,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,TheWise,"Great tbs game,  Its pretty slow going though.  too many impossibly difficult fights"
76561197994384154,Recommended,232050,21439838,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,slydeth,"This game was a lot of fun. It's not much different than genesis though, which i loved. turn up the combat speed to almost the highest speed and it will be as fast pace as you are without instant(confusing) changes. I only wish it had cloud saves because the campaign is the longest I've ever tackled in a game before in my life and about 80% through I formatted my hard drive and forgot to back this up. The DLC I would recommend if you play this a lot and want a few new events and units. I keep looking back to this for my grid turn-based strategy favorite."
76561198048420683,Recommended,232050,18416811,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Atlas Phoenix,"First off, this isn't a BAD game, per se, it's just really......really....slow.I like TBS games, and I like RPG games, and this has elements of both.  Think Heroes of Might and Magic style battles but with more RPG elements.  But I can tell this is going to be a long game, with lots of story/text.  Right out of the gate there's a lot of talking and it pretty much put me to sleep.  I mean, yes it was the campaign with tutorial settings, but I found everything just moved too slowly for my liking compared to some other games.It's pretty basic, nothing really new to see at all, it's not horrible so I can't NOT recommend it, but don't expect it to blow your socks off.5.5/10"
76561198006613574,Recommended,232050,21949689,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Effis,"Is the game worth it? Simply put yes - in a pure cost per hour it represents great value. But if you're looking for a flawless gem then this is not the game you're looking for, its greatest strengths are also its greatest weaknesses.By all means buy the game, enjoy it for what it is and appreciate the depth of control you have and perfecting your chosen methods/tactics. However this is rather like a marathon - you do it once, maybe you talk about doing it again but when you get back in training you realise the memory is better than the actual experience and there are better things to do with your time.When this game was first released the bugs made it torturous to play, despite its underlying appeal. The bug fixes and subsequent DLC addressed the vast majority of these and added some additional diversity into the game and the alliances you could build.The unit progression is superb, allowing you to tailor to your playstyle while still retaining a small element of randomness. It's gratifying to see your minions grow and develop, reaching landmark skills/abilities and being able to deploy them accordingly. It's less gratifying to see them die on turn one of a battle before you can act. The realism of this is appreciated however anything resembling an offensive spellcaster is going to spend its life cowering at the back being chain healed awaiting the arrow that will finally kill it. After carefully nurturing them to a level where they get decent spells this is not entertaining. To avoid this you are left with only a small selection of units to use (or you go with a hero that does all the work while the creatures in the army are more like cheerleaders). The other failing is the high level units you can build are ultimately not needed meaning every level is the same army; the game fails to challenge you to change your playstyle, the 'differences' between the worlds are not level defining and every shard is the same. While I don't always like the myriad of missions that are often forced on players in games such as these the totally directionless play isn't rewarding. And just when you think it is you win the level and start from scratch.My first playthrough was long, I inadvertently picked the longest win condition and proceeded to conquer every shard in turn. It was clear from the achievements there were a number of ways to win but none presented themselves. For me the replay value of a game is key, I love to go back and play games again in a different way, or using different tactics and this one is no different. Once I finished it I wanted to go back and play again; different heroes, different endings, different bonuses. The problem is after a shard or two I realised that I was going to be doing this for another 200 hours (and that there was no joy in trying to do it differently). While the longer I spend away from the game the more fondly I think of it a few hours playing it again drives me away.I don't regret buying it, or the time spent. Perfecting the tactics, overcoming the AI's tendency to cheat spectacularly, finally closing down a shard and managing the grumpy inhabitants of the cities was something I enjoyed at the time. But not something I want to do again and it's something many people won't want to do at once."
76561198049703219,Recommended,232050,13603679,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Thundergod`s Rat,"+:gameplay you have never seen, and it works!nice map generator, every time - new adventure.if you like fantasy turn-based strategies, you will be able to enjoy this one about 100-200 hours.orijinal story and setting, campaign is sloooow, but quite interesting and not-linear+-:music exists and it is not bad, but too few tracks (for such big game) which are repeating.. and repeating.. . also no special zones music, just same playlist all the time.unbalanced beginning difficulty for classes: easy for ranger, normal for warrior and wisard, NIGHTMARE for general.-:lack of visual content and its quality - spells effects look ♥♥♥♥♥♥, no corpses lying on battlefield but piles of bones, rough fight animations.no weapon visualisation on heroes - you can equip bow and hero model picks a scepter, no sub-class visualisation for heroes,,, SERIOUSLY, they made tons of monster`s models and animations but couldn`t make different models for  paladin and berserker.,,no positive changes since release about make this nice game look nice, now it`s only played nice. only bug-fixing and adding content (which is not bad, but not needed while the game looks bad)7/10**old version for russian region**♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ся за осколки с такими же конченными упырями, как и ты сам!Снова и снова охуевай от необходимости выкачивать героя с нуля!Выгони стартовых крестьянина и пращника для экономии - и тут же угоди в засаду разбойников героем 1 уровня!Поиграй 100 часов и проеби сейв!ТРУПЫ ГДЕ?! ДАЖЕ ВО 2х ГЕРОЯХ БЫЛИ ТРУПЫ!7\10"
76561198000407356,Not Recommended,232050,10114753,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Uncle Enzo,"I really liked this game.  But I recommend not buying it.  The developer provides frequent updates (that's good).  Those updates, as often as not, introduce new bugs that range from annoying to completely gamebreaking.  Until the developers find a way to quality control their updates before releasing them to production, I can't recommend this otherwise enjoyable game."
76561198030898148,Not Recommended,232050,10264986,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Braytonius,I can't even get the game to play past a few turns before it crashes.
,Not Recommended,232050,10081167,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Octopus on Fire,"Do not buy at the moment. Buggy as hell. Maybe on next patch they figure out how to fix the current problems, but so far, not good."
76561198023382741,Not Recommended,232050,10945704,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,c1ph3r,"On first sight a good game if you rely on the screenshots and videos, but it comes with massive launching problems. I was not even able to start this game! I am very disappointed, but I guess that is the risk in buying Indie games."
76561198042605380,Not Recommended,232050,8278266,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Clove,"UPDATE MARCH 15: GAME STILL UNSTABLE EVEN AFTER ""FIX"" OF MARCH 14TH.  Played only 1 full turn on my current game and it crashed in the middle of the next.UPDATE 2, January 13 2014: Game is still crashing despite graphic settings fix.  Don't know why it can't just be consistent.UPDATE: TRY CHANGING THE DYNAMIC LIGHTING OPTION TO ""6"" INSTEAD OF RANDOM.  MUCH MORE STABLE WITH THIS GRAPHICS SETTING.  SWITCHED TO ""RECOMMEND"".OLD REVIEW FOLLOWS.Eador: Masters of the Broken GameI started playing this yesterday and have 13 hours in.  Unfortunately it is still glitchy.  Annoyingly, it likes to error out at the very end of the turn, so if you had a couple battles and an interesting random event... Sorry, gotta do it all over again.  And that cool random event will be something different next time.  So the mysterious magic items you see on the reward screen are never examined.If the game would at least quick-save at the end of every fight, I could give this a ""recommend,"" despite the glitchiness.  If the game is ever fixed, it is definitely recommended.Consider this a public service announcement: Game still glitchy as of December 25th, 2013.  I hope it is fixed sometime.EDIT as of December 30th follows:I've added another 40 hours of playtime, despite glitches and restarts.  Its a testament to the fact that I really do like the game.  I try to limit the number of actions I take per turn, to give the game less opportunity to fail.  But I've hit 3 turns in a row where I've had to restart, and after lengthy battles.Like I said, if the game is fixed it will be great.  But until then it is a tantalizing tease of a game.  I'm not saying you should never buy it, but wait for it to be a working product.  Save yourself some time and frustration.I intend to update this review in the future when the game is playable.People who disagree with this 100% factual review must be out of their mind, or reading reviews to discredit rather than fixing their game."
76561198027190350,Not Recommended,232050,8538172,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,chrisshike,"This game is a great game.  I absolutely love playing it.  Therein lies the problem, it's unplayable.  With so many bugs, glitches, and crashes, at this time it is NOT worth your investment.  If/when they get this fixed I will write a longer review to talk about all the great things this game could be."
,Recommended,232050,22191966,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,fukc,"It's a good game, when I played there wasn't a whole TON of sotry or progression but if games like CIV are too slow paced for you than give this game a shot for sure."
76561198021844334,Not Recommended,232050,8824900,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,christiano.keller,"Great music, great images, great story, turn based, city development with a lot of possibilities.But after 6 hours playing I o figure stage 1 just to find that I need to do the same thing again every time in a new map.People that liked Heros of Might and Magic or Disciple series might like this game.I got bored, I prefer Populis, Civ, Total War, or similar games."
,Recommended,232050,18229925,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Nikos the great,"Great game. Used to be unplayable on release, hence the many negative reviews - but it's fixed now and deserves a better score."
,Recommended,232050,9985115,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,DungeonK,Great game
76561197997653171,Recommended,232050,15419871,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,appololander,Verry good game.
76561198089638792,Not Recommended,232050,11470987,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,BasedTiger,"Such a great game, but its nearly unplayable due to bugs."
,Recommended,232050,2567232,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,TheSilverHammer,"I certainly got my mony's worth from this game considering the amount of playtime I got vs the price paid.Having said that, while this is an entertaining game, the real problem, as with so many strategy games is that the AI poses no real challenge.  The other big problem is that the game-play is somewhat repetitive and you end up doing pretty much the same thing over and over on each shard.One big complaint is that the AI ends up with some uber-guards to protect thier home city.  This ends up the case over and over and it is just a tiresome thing to deal with nearly every single shard you conqure.While this is a fun game, it does have some major game-play problems."
76561198011876991,Not Recommended,232050,8631074,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Castdead,"It's a fun game if you like tbs strategy, but it is currently littered with bugs. The developer is supposedly working on them for short term release so I would wait for that. Until that time I'm not going to recommend it."
76561197997421698,Recommended,232050,9995134,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Kerican,"Okay, I enjoy this game. I enjoy it alot. I have dumped alot of time into the game. If you like Strategy/RPG mix overall I think this game is something to look at. I won't hide the fact that the game is still buggy even after being out for a year, but the developers have been patching the game non-stop since it came out April 2013.The Ugly:Okay this game still has bugs, for some people game breaking bugs, and for others bugs that are iritating enough that can make it painful to play the game sometimes. The game was released last April almost completely unplayable, and over the past year it has improved for the major part. Yet I won't gloss over the fact that their is still alot wrong with the game.The Bad:The game probably is not all that balanced. Their are 4 tiers of units, and some T4 units could trample an entire army. Not all of the Hero classes are balanced. Their are 4 of them, but they all are playable. It will be nice to see what the game is like in the future.The Good:Did I mention patching? The developers still care about the game. They have been patching it a while, and still patch it.There is alot in this game, alot of units, alot of choice. Alot of lore burried deep within a rough exterior. The game does not look half bad. The game is not fast paced, but is the type of game you can start playing, and come back between turns as you do something else, but will also keep you wanting to play ""one more turn"" when things are getting good or you near to beating another map. The developers have recently added a boat load of new units and spells, and have dropped hints are future expansion to the game.Is the game, worth $19.99? Its a hard sell considering how buggy it can still be. I do thing its a hard sell, but I've enjoy the time I've dumped  into the game and I do appreciate the patches that have gone into it. The game has gotten good, and hopefully it will cotinue getting better."
,Recommended,232050,21273674,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Reap,"Eador is a hard game to recomend. It was actually too tough for me I figured at one point and quit it there and then. I really like how the game fundamentally works but for some reason it is punishingly hard at points. Like, literally impossible missions looming. Maybe I didnt quite get the funding and recruitment properly because some of the fights... well, I feel bad just thinking of them now!That said, I do feel like its a TBS game with a big heart. I'd love to see a sequel that is similar but gives me a chance!"
76561198039965679,Recommended,232050,18435262,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Bigheaded,"you: ""All the other masters seem to have a specialty, why don't i get one?""annoying gremlin: ""You can travel back into the past, the other masters can't do that""....?oh.10/10.+ Small number of heroes (yes this is a good thing!) very easy to keep track.+ All units level up (+medals is cool also)+ Campaign allows for continuing the same hero. Need to get some good income of magic first though.+ Equipment for heroes can be easily bought. (In most similar games i've tried, buying new equipment is ""late game""+ Auto-combat can speed things up.- Hero balance is pretty awful. Scout is OP, Wizard is good, Warrior has uses, Commander is pretty much worthless.- Lots of useless units. Mostly tier 1.- Crashes, nothing too bad from what i've had and it autosaves frequently so rarely will you lose more than 3 minutes.- Difficulty of units you're fighting to reach the opponent can be ""too hard"". i.e i had to literally go through some semi difficult dungeons too ""get lucky"" and find a bow which let me kill some harder stuff which i couldnt find how to dodge to even reach the opponents side of the map to kill him.- 1 ""playable"" race, but hireables from others is interesting (but a little too unreliable)- Starting can sometimes be slow (depends on randomness of finding easy dungeons)Basics for new players:Get scout with either barbarians or swordsman (get 2-3), i recommend swordsman as they're easier to keep alive. Do not even bother with the other units. Bowman's can be added later on if you really want or elf if you get lucky as a mercenary.Protect scout with units whilst it slaughters stuff. When he levels increase his damage & precise strike/ammo when possibleExploring closer to your capital is more likely to find weaker enemies. Once the scout reaches level 10 select archer and win from there.Buy him better equipment when possible pretty much as soon as your income allows.You can figure out the rest.Also, speed up the combat speed to max in the settings, yes it looks a little silly but so much better.Might seem i have more negatives than positives, but i've managed 60 hours in barely over a week and seeing i work and  do other stuff, this is pretty much all i've been playing.Highly enjoyable and worth a shot."
76561197994601982,Recommended,232050,13869467,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,tyrell,good game
76561198132264539,Recommended,232050,18870977,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Snibbidisnap,"I'm not sure why this game has mixed user reviews. This game has so much depth, looks beautiful and my favourite thing about it - everything is transparent. There's a wealth of information in the game you can access by simply right-clicking and hovering over whatever, which makes learning the game a lot of fun. The combination of an (improved imo) Heroes of Might and Magic combat system with a 4x overworld map works really well.Eador is the sort of game you can easily spend hundreds of hours in, the replayability is great. Not as much as Paradox games, but I feel like each run is different enough. Though this might be a con to others - a single game (called Shard ingame) could take anywhere from half an hour to 10 or even 20 depending on how large the Shard is.It's a testament to how much I enjoy this game that I just get lost in it for hours on end; listening to the dreamy music, continually making and re-evaluating decisions, levelling up my dudes, conquering new lands. Give Eador a chance, it's a fantastic game!"
76561197968563325,Recommended,232050,18958871,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,TheCurse,great game
,Recommended,232050,19849417,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,George,"Awesome game!As mentioned (by downvoters mostly) the maps start the same way all the time, you only unlock more stuff through each map completion (which you can see when selecting a specific shard).But I still love the game, though it's not an AAA game."
,Recommended,232050,160635,"Posted: 3 May, 2013",all,Kintak ヽ(´ー｀)ﾉ,Really fun game. Plays like Heroes of Might and Magic but with more of a grand strategy flare.
76561197960497722,Not Recommended,232050,8592522,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Duren,"I gave this game a shot as it looked fun. Maybe I just can't get into turned based games again or this just fun enough to keep my attention.The script feels like its written by a 10 year old, the graphics are clunky and boring and the classes are not really well defined. I don't know more what to say. Its a rip off of Heroes of Might and Magic/Kings bounty but it does a terrible job of it.I feel like my money would have been better spent on something else.Don't bother buying this one."
76561198075316765,Recommended,232050,32117819,Posted: 1 June,all,arks,a good turn based strategy game
76561198018176700,Not Recommended,232050,8206318,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,tolgen71,"Promising game, but too many big things wrong with it to recommend. Variety is sorely lacking - Units are divided into alignment, and despite a plethora of building construction becomes surprisingly linear based on what the surrounding area looks like, and there is only one player faction. Balance is bad too, with the margin for error being extremely unforgiving -  I couldn't make any headway even with the game set on beginner.The setting, while enchanting, comes off as little more than your standard D&D story that we've all seen a hundred times. In the end, while strategy experts might enjoy it, there's just too many other strategy games with more depth and character."
,Not Recommended,232050,7893129,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,ChinaMan,"I prefered the older version.  Nothing really new besides the bugs and 3d animation, Story line is still seemed to be the same...I thought the hotkeys would be the same as the older.  Apparently not...  Combact speed is also pretty slow.  Needs a decent graphics card or processor to manage it.  4/10."
,Recommended,232050,26841674,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Roman Botyuk,play and relax
,Recommended,232050,27721720,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Klorem,"I loved this game but it did not love me back. Crashes every once and awhile, very unforgiving if you make a mistake and didn't save recently and for some reason I can't play it anymore since I reformatted my HD. I don't really care though. I had my 250 hours of fun and what more can I ask from an indie?Thanks for the game guys, I loved it.I recommend if you are patient and have alot of time to kill."
76561198060433751,Recommended,232050,27880838,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,xeen313,I really like this game but good lord it takes forever to do anything. Having to restart at each shard makes me want to shard! The idea is cool like deciples series and I've hit several hundred hours so definately check it out.
,Recommended,232050,27668047,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tsort142,"*Nominated for Steam's “Game that never stops kicking your b*tt” Award*This game is relentless. Uncaring. Unforgiving. And it will always find more creative ways to humiliate you. Punish you. At first, you think you're such a tough guy/gal, because you've been playing tactical games for decades, so you turn up the difficulty and start your first game. You are told you are a God, and you feel like you'll own this world. You laugh at the tutorial, thinking ""please... this is not my first barbecue here, enough with the holding-my-hand gameplay, give me a real challenge."" And surely these goblins are just cannon fodder for xp right? Think again. They will tear you apart. On your first battle. It's like getting slapped in the face and get told to get back to your seat. You slowly realize how dangerous this first world is. And then it dawns on you : ""Wait... I... actually may lose before completing my first shard..."" Careful planning, pacing, and never under-estimating choices become a necessity. For survival. After a few hours, just when you think you're starting to get the hang of it... you have this strategy all prepared... you have these old units getting tougher and tougher... Then the game crushes you again. It never takes much : it takes one wrong move on the battlefield ; it takes one daring click during a random event ; it takes one management mistake for your equipment or fortress...Soon you're back to the main menu and a lesson in humility has been learned. You click ""expert"" difficulty (default gameplay stats) wishing you had the guts to click ""beginner"" instead... but there's always a bit of pride left in you, isn't there? And then you're off to another b*tt-kicking. This is not a bad thing. This is actually a great thing. Your choices matter. All of them. Because each time you're wrong, you fail. And each victory, each captured shard, is a real hard-fought battle. It's an endeavour. A real achievement. Overcoming the odds. Until that moment when the game will find another way to mess with everything you thought you had mastered, in a way you never saw coming.This game is a tactical boot-camp. Russian style. Be warned."
76561198015204210,Not Recommended,232050,8322794,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,TK71_1,"A game with a lot of potential, so perhaps I would recommend with a patch, but right now it seems to have a lot of little bugs. One particular one I have had happen to me on multiple occasions, you fight a battle and win but the hero dies after the battle for no reason I can see (during the battle he would have taken little or no damage).  The hero still shows on the map, and you can give him instructions, but he won't actually do them, so you check his status, and see it's because he's been stricken dead somehow.  Another is that during battle, even though I have auto-combat turned off, sometimes individual units will move or attack on thier own; it happens almost always after you have done something with another unit.  It's annoying and makes battle harder because you never know when a unit will decide to do thier own thing."
,Not Recommended,232050,9884987,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Lidhuin,"While many of the serious bugs have been resolved a year later, a few game-breaking bugs do remain (albeit the ones listed above do not).Gameplay balance remains an issue, and it inherently leads to a very grindy game.So it remains a diamond in the rough.---After almost a year, this game remains a bug-ridden hellhole, with very little tactical or strategic balance at most levels of the gameplay. I'm almost tempted to say the bugs are worse now than they were a year ago.Some bugs include:- if more than one battle of any kind occurs on the map, no other battles can occur. They immediately auto-resolve with both sides being listed as dead despite not being dead.- The AI cannot conquer any terrain where it has to fight player guards. Neither the guards will die nor will the province be conquered.Some gameplay issues include:- In campaign mode, it is entirely possible for the capitol of an AI to be guarded by 9 centaurs. Centaurs are powerful tier 2 units. If this occurs in the first or second mission, you have been given a near-impossible task, as the gameplay elements that allow you to defeat centaurs are not available until later in the game. You can, of course, surrender, and keep playing. This, and similar balance issues, remain a frustrating element of the game.- Starting units are worthless and unless you follow certain strategies or know what you're doing, you're likely to be stuck in your home province for many, many turns.All of this is incredibly sad, as the game's core concept is pretty great. The programming and game design, however, are lackluster and poor. A great game marred by poor design."
76561198031005852,Not Recommended,232050,9029941,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,andera,Terrible game full of bugs. I would not buy it again and do not reccomend to anyone. Steam should never offer such a buggy game and pay back to those who purchased it.....
,Recommended,232050,2177214,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,2B3,"very long tbs. well suited for winter evenings and, finally, with good graphics."
76561198048315465,Not Recommended,232050,9993215,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Cuck Harvest,"I thought this game was a lot of fun for the first couple of hours, then it becomes tedious.The hero exploration seemed like it would be a lot of fun, if it didnt take forever and all the combat wasn't manual.The units are very imbalanced, you can spend a lot of time nurturing your troops just to have them one hit by someone elses tier 1 or 2 units.There's also no real effective way to garrison your territory, so it plays a lot like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game of risk, where you just make one massive army and roll across the map until you sack someones capital city."
,Recommended,232050,19482828,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Zurbaran,One of the best strategy game on the market.. and very underrated :)score: 9/10.
76561198061128041,Not Recommended,232050,23379857,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,KrimsonVagus,"In the tutorial, I was exploring with my Scout and his army.I got an event in which I can ""rest in the forest""So I choose ""Rest"" to see what will happen...While resting I get attacked by 2 Ghosts. There is no option to retreat, no option to negotiate, no option for protective measures. I was forced into combat.The 2 Ghosts were COMPLETELY IMMUNE to physical damage. I only had 3 Magic Missiles on my hero. I killed only one of them. The other Ghost had half hit points and he killed my entire army of 7 units including the hero because he was completely immune to physical attacks and the tutorial does not allow you to have any magic units in your army.Great game design! How about an event that forces you to fight a Tier 2 unit that is completely immune to the most basic damage type with no way for you to counter it?No strategy, no exploitation of weakness, no need to use your brain at all. Just watch one low tier unit slaughter your army because the developers don't know what STRATEGY and testing means. I swear is was absolutely hilarious watching this one ghost guy kill a whole army by himself! WTF!In every other tactical strategy game, ""Ghost"" type units can RESIST physical damage, maybe have 50% resistance or even 70%... not ♥♥♥♥in 100%! (unless magic attacks are abundant from the start, which they are NOT in this game)The rest of the game can basically be summed up in one phrase: Quantity over qualityLots of options, so much to do, but poorly balanced, poorly tested and deeply flawed on a strategic level.5/10 Game could have been great if more attention was given to unit design and level up progression of heroes and units.EDIT: Of course they released a sequel (standalone expansion). Still in early access, but if it has the same units and gameplay as this game, you can pretty much expect the same thing: More quantity, less quality"
,Recommended,232050,33626344,Posted: 18 July,all,StalkerTheMortal,Russian Crash Simulator 2013-2017
76561198030841362,Recommended,232050,21040931,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Alex,"I like this game... Its quirky, buggy and the maltiplayer is badBut it makes me happy"
76561198033676719,Recommended,232050,13196832,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,rujagorn,"The best turn-based game focusing on battle planning. At first I'm quite worried about game crash as most review said but when I found a discount price I give it a try. Of all my 15 hours of play I experienced a crash only once which I think because of open too many programs at same time.This game positions itself in a unique way by not give much important on grand campaign but more focus on battle. To run the kingdom is quite straigtforward, nothing interesting. On the other hand, in the battlefield is what most entertaining. It's fully controllable which requires thoroughly planning. One wrong move can make a win or lose."
76561198005013538,Not Recommended,232050,9985848,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,fishkneedyou,"Well, guess it had to happen eventually......first steam game to not even start for me..trying fixes all day...no goLesson learned.  Read the forums people before you buy to see what you're getting into!  Game looked so promising too..They are indeed masters of the broken world.  *** Update (May 2)*** I did manage to get the game running on a win 7 computer but a bug in the tutorial/ opening level of the campaign has rendered my hero frozen. Guess I'm destined to float forever on an unexplored shard! May the Shard be with you in getting through this one folks! I will focus on playable games now and check back in at a later date....."
,Not Recommended,232050,10003485,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,ryak,"Honestly, this game looks like it would be fun, but within 5 minutes of starting the game i already encountered a serious bug multiple times.  Now, I did manage to work around the bug, but it seems to happen in almost every single battle.  I find it very disappointing in a supposedly mature product, so i can't recommend the game at all.  I'm honestly surprised, considering the game appears to have been out for quite some time.Don't buy it unless they focus more on software quality and lack of bugs."
76561198010013436,Not Recommended,232050,10121498,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Haku,"Bought this game on sale. Though the developers have made quite a few updates to the game, it's clear they do not have the staff or talent to make this game complete. One year later, it's still riddled with bugs, crashes constantly, and save files continue to become corrupt. Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,232050,9986314,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Siriusム,"Buggy, lots of little anoying things like unrealistic footstep sounds..."
76561198031180632,Not Recommended,232050,9987878,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Marbur,"My first buy on steam, which is for my OS (Win 7) and refuses to work.I can read the handbook and change the options, but when I choose to play it always crushes.This game seems to have a long history of bugs, but they don't give you a fair try with a demo. :(Update 07.09.2014: I tried again and still the same porblem. At least only running the game launcher is enough to get me the trading cards."
76561198113058673,Not Recommended,232050,9991018,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Donovan FireHammer,"Wtf bring me back my $4.99, bug in my firts tutorial batte.This game is waste of time"
76561198020910826,Recommended,232050,10016511,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Cakimali,"In a year or two this is gonna be one of the best turn strategy games out there, but sadely now it's like a ""really hot, smart, fun, always-ready-to-go girlfriend who tries to break up with me every 4 months for reasons I just don't understand!""(quote from forums). There are bugs and imbalances. But still the game is pretty fun :)"
76561198007979814,Not Recommended,232050,10079192,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Bolt-action Jack,"Do not buy, it is a failure of a game. There are other games that are similar and better. Buy those instead."
,Recommended,232050,10592135,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,kverteramo,"One of the worst games i've ever played.  34 minutes in, still couldn't understand/figure out common controls."
,Recommended,232050,1043550,"Posted: 30 April, 2013",all,MrBorn,This is better than HOMM 3! Amaising game. Лучше чем герои Магии и Меча 3!
76561198002567771,Recommended,232050,18241670,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Xenus Icelon,"Eador: Masters of the Broken World is a great game if you have a lot of time to spend, and do not mind a slow progression curve. Presenting you with a strategy game set in a detailed world broken up into multiple shards, you can spend your time gathering land and power to eventually find one of many endings.It is a big game, full of strategic decisions and plenty of things you can explore, find, and control. It is one of the largest games in scale that I have seen so far, which is both good and bad. Good, because, of course. That's more game for you to play in, and bad because all that scale takes a lot of time to get through. So much time that you may not have enough in your schedule to make good progress in it - I have over 80 hours in it, and I have not yet completed the campaign. As much as I like the scale, the shattered vibrant world, the astral mechanics and the immersive soundtrack, it has issues that it doesn't need to have.The world in Eador is based on shards, with each shard being a whole new map to explore and conquer, and every one you conquer brings you a new building or advantage you can take along to the next. You gain astral energy based on how much of the world is in your possession, and how many people worship you, the astral spirit/master controlling the place. The problem here is that every single shard has you build up your forces from practically nothing. You can spend energy to bring some basics, but it is never really enough to skip through the early game and expensive. Plus, who knows what else you may want your energy for? Eador plays much more like several similar skirmish maps than a long unified campaign. Yet, there is throughout it all a large storyline, from world to world, where you can spend time talking to the other masters or decide to engage them, change things that have long term effects far past the one world you're in, or otherwise find out more about the game's world.While in the game itself, there are a lot of random and semi-random events as well. The world feels as if it is actually a world, rather than just a game through these. The soundtrack is very well done, and it is easy enough to forget about time and spend several hours to take over another shard and advance past it.But it has issues, as mentioned. It is imperfect, with occasional crashes and some balance issues making it very difficult to progress at times, as well as some design decisions, whether intentional or not, leading to some choices being just plain better than others. Out of all this, the worst of it is when your opponent gets a random event that allows them to have a guard dragon, while you are still in the earliest levels. There is no way to defeat a dragon at that point without a lot of grinding experience on your hero and luck.The opposing AI is rather poor, and at times does not seem to even understand the basics of gameplay, which is sad as you will be spending a lot of time beating on said AI. Both the other masters and the neutrals tend to be like that, sadly. The battles being on a tiny, simplistic map that shows that combat is not the game's strong point.But you're likely not buying this for the combat. If you're buying Eador, you're doing it for the strategy, the long term plans, the vibrant world, and all the good things it has. Try to not let its faults get to you, and you will be able to spend litterally days on it without any regret. But if you do not have time, patience, or are not that much into strategy and similar 4X games, you may not enjoy it. For those who do enjoy those things, here's for you."
76561198006646356,Not Recommended,232050,18377145,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Losman,Really like the game but my progression in the campaign gets stopped at some point because of Access Violation Error Crash that I cannot seem to get around after having tried all the suggestions I have found on various forums.  Company has been non-responsive to request for technical support.  This is the only game where I have aske for a refund on steam.  Unfortunately I could not get it because of the time logged in the game.
76561198074145045,Not Recommended,232050,19931372,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,tanniss4,i cannot recommend this game because the devs do not help resolve issues when their game just stops working and the game is very buggy making it unplayable which is a shame as  for what little i got to play it enjoyed it. Currently i cannot even get the game to load it brings up the menu pop up but when you gopress play it acts like it is doing something for 3 seconds then just stops. These types of issues are actually common place with this game since the devs have been working on another game they do not bother to fix this one
76561197994786923,Not Recommended,232050,11954506,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Decontrol,Fun game but it has a memory error that basically makes it unplayable if it manifests on your save game.
,Not Recommended,232050,10041879,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Kinky,"Too buggy. Only one hour in and I want to quit. Main issue, which other reviewers have expressed is that units that are killed don't die. Their HP reach 0 and they just stop moving. This is quite a problem since you need to kill every single unit on the map to win the battle. Your best hope is to click auto battle and hope after a few turns the unit will finally die. Otherwise you constantly have to reload the game from your previous save. Way too much hassle."
,Not Recommended,232050,10049267,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,La Clemenza di Teemo,"Eador: Masters of the Broken Game.  Approximately 1/3 of battles end with a 0HP enemy not being recognized as dead by the game, resulting in a loss."
76561198033617861,Not Recommended,232050,10484778,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Marianojoey,"If you are a linux user DON'T BUY THIS GAME!!!!The developer promised the game to be available in linux more than a year ago, and the only thing he did after all this time in that direction is making the game run under wine (and it doesn't even do it right). There is NO PORT for linux on this game.About the game itself... it has a lot of good ideas, but poorly carried, so... no, I don't recomend it."
76561197995425192,Not Recommended,232050,8318195,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Meanwhile,"I'm a big fan of the turn-based strategy genre, but this game does nothing for me.  The interface is unnecessarily weird and difficult to learn.  The rules are ALMOST what you've come to expect, but just different enough that you'll get annoyed on a regular basis.  The gameplay itself is not all that interesting.  As deep and intricate as everything seems to be, actually getting anything done is just too tedious a process for me to want to bother.Sorry, Eador.  I can see that you're trying really hard.  The problem is, you just don't know HOW to be a good game."
76561198010868404,Not Recommended,232050,18242767,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,kmudge,Could not get it to work without exception access violations.  Saw workarounds online dating back to 2013 and many people are still having the problem.  I did not feel like disabling DAC and other functions to try to get this to work.  Looked like it could be a good game but I have other similar ones that work properly.  Requested refund.
76561197983796986,Not Recommended,232050,10029806,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,trond,good fun but still full of bugs a year on from release
,Not Recommended,232050,8430210,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,mipper,I just played this game for 1 hour and had to kill the process three times due to not responding user interface.The game itself is some kind of master of magic and heroes of might and magic variation. But not a very good one. For my taste the pace is to slow and the ui handling to counter intuitive.Short: For me it makes no fun at all.
76561198064968457,Not Recommended,232050,22613816,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Hekkel,"After all this time there's still the problem with the resolution setting. For me it's stuck at 24hz.Doesn't matter if i choose 1920/1080 or 3840/2160 at 60 or 59 hz, it's resets to 24hz."
76561197996761275,Recommended,232050,20286407,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Zoopy,"It's a difficult game to recommend because even after all this time it's still more than a bit broken, but the time I did spend with it was some of the best 4X gaming I've done. It's got a lot of depth and great gameplay mechanics for the person who can overlook the occasional hitch or glitch.Only buy it if you liked Genesis and want more of the same."
76561197979626196,Not Recommended,232050,20730712,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Alf The Cornholio,"Dont buy this game, it works but then crashes when you reach turn 120-150 then it crash all the time and the developers snowbird games cant fix the problem its a shame becouse the ghame its really nice but the crashes omg, it haven been a update in 7 months and if it does it will not work."
76561197981356193,Not Recommended,232050,10510837,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,fatcoland,"I love turn based strategy games.  This game looks and feels a lot like Heroes of Might & Magic, but it has some flaws that holds it down from it’s true potential.  I’m writing this review for the TBS fans that know what they are looking for, and noting the exact flaws that ruin the game.There are four tiers of strength for your recruitable units.  Each recruitable unit can level up.  However, no matter what high level they attain, they are really no match for the next higher tier unit.  No units can be resurrected, which can be infuriating when your tier 1, level 10 infantry is eliminated by a tier 3, level 0 archer in one strike.  I tried to cycle through my troops by only using my low levels to fight low level battles, but then you realize that your higher tiers would rather benefit from the experience, as they will need all they can get when they have to take on tier 4 enemies.  On top of that, the opponent AI will always bee-line to your weakest and most exploitable units first.  Battles have to be sought out, but are abundant.  The problem is low level encounters are just as rare as high level encounters.  All encounters are preset, and you can choose when to take on the encounter.  You might find yourself scouring the lands trying to find goblins for your tier 1, level 0s to knock out, wasting many turns in the process.  The best way to level up your army is for them to see combat head on, which makes it tough to build up solid armies without losing a few in the process.  I found myself sometimes recruiting low levels as simple cannon fodder or bait.  No units have a ‘taunt’ ability, so no unit can be used for ‘tanking.’ This greatly hurts the whole point of playing as a warrior type CO, and puts heavy armor defense infantry in a tough spot.  Most units can run or fly circles around them.  Terrain does play a role in mobility and stat adjustments, but not so much that it becomes a game changer.  Battles ultimately end up being very lopsided, with little actual strategy.If it wasn’t for the core of the strategy being flawed, it would be a fantastic gem.  The graphics are very pleasing to the eye.  The soundtrack is limited and repetitive like an old console game, but can be turned off.  The interface may look intimidating at first, but it is simply spread out and unconsolidated, which doesn’t affect gameplay.  I only recommend it to those with a tremendous amount of patience and time on their hands.  Expect campaigns to take many hours at a time, and anticipate never being able to take on many battles due to the limits of what army you can develop.  In short, expect disappointment, but do your best with what you have."
,Recommended,232050,25558540,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,A.K.A. Bob,"Good game, better then Heroes of might and magic vi."
76561197968399495,Not Recommended,232050,8262686,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,woof,"Tedious, buggy, not fun."
76561198052500928,Not Recommended,232050,19220730,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Accipiter,The game crashes constantly.
76561197994678887,Not Recommended,232050,19805799,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Libormortis,"I love this game, but its pretty unplayable with all the game crashing bugs, so i cant recommend this game"
,Not Recommended,232050,20596198,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,BloodHoundRain,"Looked interesting when I bought it, but when I started playing it there wasn't much enjoyment that came out of the game."
76561198072010114,Not Recommended,232050,19663160,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Death&Taxes,"This game is good, but in the campagin there are consistent crashes.Also, a game breaking bug happens when you try to invade Beleth."
76561197977851956,Not Recommended,232050,20816280,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Dave_Hulud,"I have never gotten this game to work, tried a few things from the web to fix the issues but nothing works.  Waste of time."
76561198104361263,Recommended,232050,23379282,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Taddy Mason,"i love eador. this or any version. i won't deny that masters of the broken world has it's flaws, but overall i love it. there are plenty of reviews out there that will tell you what can be improved about this game, so i just want to focus on the postive aspects. what i really enjoy is that you build buildings in your main province or territory to recruit troops, upgrade units, boosts production, learn spells-basically everything in the game. if you want to buy your own armor and weapons, you can build the buildings associated with it, but beyond that, as you conquer more territories and hire guards to partol and protect them from potential uprisings or invaders, you can also build more buildings in those territories to do things like hire troops, buy items and learn spells from your capital territory without having to be there. you can also construct buildings in those provinces to boost production of the different currencies and other resources across your empire.i love that the different heroes allow for pretty widely varied playstyles. the scout/archer picks people off from a distance, the warrior is a one many army, the commander boosts his troops to near hero like levels and can have the largest number of troops on the battlefield, and the mage can be a range spellcaster, a healer, a necromancer with an army of the undead or a summoner of hellish hordes. the mage class is definitely my favorite. picking one hero at the start doesn't prevent you from getting the others later on, the cost goes up more and more, but you can keep buying new heroes and making more armies.there's a huge range of enemies to fight and the battlefield itself adds extra depth to the combat. hills slow down movement but provide extra defense for melee combat and extra range for archers, forests provide cover from range attacks and hinder movement. the swamps also slow down units and reduce defense for troops unlucky enough to be in there when attacked. seemingly every enemy you come across in the story can potentially be recruited and used to fight for you. if you don't want to play for hours to unlock the better weapons, armor, monsters, etc., you can play a quick match on a custom shard against custom opponents and you'll start with all the buildings unlocked and the freedom to explore any playstyle you want."
,Not Recommended,232050,10197343,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,SevereGastricDistress,"My specs far outweigh the game requirements. Even the intro cinematic lags so much it's unwatchable. 'Nuff said? It would be an 'alright' game if it wasn't incredibly shoddy in terms of how much memory it uses. Many games exist with far higher hardware requirements that run better than this poor example of a 4X game. The battle mechanics are so simple that I'm amazed anyone finds this game challenging. I've had the game for at least a year now and none of the issues I or other players have had have been fixed by any patches or ongoing work. As far as I can tell, this game is a scam. Don't buy it."
76561198095610678,Recommended,232050,20983005,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Greatot,"Really awesome game that captures fantasy and the idea of being a demigod perfectly. The combat is amazing and really fun, the graphics look great, the replayablity is insane, the random events are fun and well written. The game is really deep and extensive as well, with so many things to manage, upgrade and decide it's just a pure joy to play.Oh, and if you ever played Eador before, this game is literally a 3rd remake of it in it's custom games. With even more content with the DLC.The mixed status and the negative reviews are due to the I guess boring campaing, which is why people complain about not keeping their units and upgrades from shard to shard. The thing is, the campaign is supposed to just be a side thing, The best way to play this game is to go into a custom game, set up your settings, and then enjoy hours of fun as you attempt to conquer your shard."
,Not Recommended,232050,24763722,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,sergey,"I played genesis before and liked gameplay and aetting so I decided to try this one.It feels pretty much the same as a genesis but with a little bit more graphics effectsThe problem with this game - a lot of bugs. You'll most likely get tons of 'access violation' and 'invalid pointer operation' errors after which you have to reload the game. If you are patient as me :) - you can tolerate it. The worst part - that at some point your save files get somehow corrupted and you cannot save anymore, and basically this is game over for youSo I strongly not recomend byuing it"
,Recommended,232050,9924072,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,GoblinClock,"Super fun, 4x-ish fantasy game. Loving it."
,Not Recommended,232050,9819038,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Lamocomp,"More than one year of patching, and this game still crushes 2-3 times in hour.You guys plainly suck as developers - go hire some competent stuff!"
,Not Recommended,232050,9989697,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Nnesk,It's just a bit... tedious.
76561198044851151,Recommended,232050,17974988,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Hound-of-Tindalos,Not bad
76561197991869048,Recommended,232050,20594283,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Lord Fappington ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Endless Legend with cross-gameplay RPG/strategy depth.Its like Endless Legend & CK2 had a fun baby.
,Not Recommended,232050,10031261,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Pirlo with a Gun,"This game shows a lot of promise and is an entertaining experience at its best, unfortunately it is also horribly bugged and this ruins it to the point that it plays more like a beta than a finished game. The interface is clunky and parts of the gameplay are irrelevant (i.e. exploring regions/visiting locations).While I mostly enjoyed the game, even at its unfinished state, it is not worth the money I paid for it. If I could I would've demanded a refund.Don't buy this game."
76561198126630539,Not Recommended,232050,18438346,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Kurasiq Park,SO MANY BUG PLEASE FIX
,Recommended,232050,7919469,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Kaludan,"I liked this game a lot. Civ meets HoMM 3 combat. Remake of an original that was equally complex. Reinforces what I already knew, more time, thought, and love went into older games in regards to gameplay and story. Why don't we just graphically remake old classics. XCom is a great example even if they simplfied that."
76561198081422232,Not Recommended,232050,9987404,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Lesolan,"Could have been good, but was plagued from the start with bad tutorials, confusing menus, and, amazingly enough, bugs during combat that would prevent progression."
,Not Recommended,232050,9982964,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,MrHrulgin,"Broken World is right, but they're definitely not masters of it. A few rounds into the game, an enemy unit reached 0 HP and stopped moving, but didn't die, locking me in to the combat. When I tried to load the last autosave, the game crashed. A waste of money, even on sale."
76561198014972978,Not Recommended,232050,26520045,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,George,If this game messes up for you your sol. Good luck getting any support for it.
,Not Recommended,232050,10004093,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Grimmshold,"Good premise .. decent graphics .. lots of bugs and the AI is just to stupid for words, buy it at your own risk."
76561197964786631,Not Recommended,232050,10020935,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Sven,"Buggy - monsters at 0hp are still alive, and are unkillable.Gameplay wants to be civ + homm, but seems to take the worst of both versions of those games. I've only played for an hour, or two though, but if I cannot keep progressing beyond unkillable monsters, then why did I pay money for this again?"
76561197985804669,Not Recommended,232050,17571972,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Evgen,Original game is much better then its remakehttp://store.steampowered.com/app/235660/
,Not Recommended,232050,8170399,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,trip,"I bought this game because it looked like a nice turn based stratergy rpg and because the game play looked fluid and smooth...But looks can be deceiving because it is really hard to get into it, and i find the gameplay is really difficult to enjoy properly."
,Not Recommended,232050,8395012,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Major_Minion,"I love strategy games of the Heroes of Might and Magic and King's Bounty types. But this didn't feel right. It feels slow and starts out too hard for me. You can't level your units properly because they die so easily. You spend your money just buying new ones after each fight.Also, I love combing the maps of these kind of games for every little secret or item or whatnot, but doing this in Eador is no fun. You can sit at the same map square and dig and dig and fight increasingly strong opponents, and it feels like you make no progress. I wound up giving it up and uninstalling it, but maybe you'll have more patience with it. It might be good when you get rolling for real."
76561197971425769,Not Recommended,232050,9998447,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,iTris,"For a game that old, there is some unforgivable bugs that plague gameplay. No distinction from other game in the genre ( Heroes of might and magic, King's bounty, disciple, ...) just much more bugs and a horrible GUI.The Kings bounty F2P, is very similar and much better.Example of bug : if a unit dies by retaliation, it is not regarded as dead but continue to stand on the battleground, immune to attack with HP staying at 0. The combat will never end, unless you choose the quick combat menu."
76561197979843174,Not Recommended,232050,11182839,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Sitting Duck,"Actually i think it´s boring. The tactical combat is nice, a little bit Heroes of might and magic style, but everything else is without any thrill... the galaxy is just like the pick of the next campain and there is no real RPG feeling because you enter every new world with a new hero. It´s not a bad game, and if you are bored and have no other game ok, play it."
76561198040736003,Not Recommended,232050,10002716,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,DrZanZaBar,Fun game but has quite a few bugs that slow the game down and make it much less enjoyable.
76561198040022253,Not Recommended,232050,8732804,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,KamikazePenguin,Wish I would of known its a strategy ROGUE game.
76561197986441310,Not Recommended,232050,8761018,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Rent,Combat is extremely slow going.  Speeding it up by selecting Quick Combat leaves you susceptible to the atrocious AI that resolves the battle.  Do not buy.
76561198027824820,Not Recommended,232050,8858137,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,DrManhatten,Although very promising premise this game has an extreme steap learning curve and it takes ages to get anywhere in this game. Even after 20hrs of playing I just managed to conquer three shards so far. The shear amount of repeated action also takes its toll on the fun level. It is not bad but also not particular good. There is great potential in the game that just doesn't get through.
76561198011357793,Not Recommended,232050,9826265,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Smokerunner,"This game has potential but it ends up just becoming an endless grind after a while. I want to like it, but it wont let me.  If you like games where you have to endlessly grind out the same scenario and spend countless hours doing it, then who knows, it may be for you."
76561198044478982,Not Recommended,232050,9865504,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,evilCAKEo.0,"Ive been trying for 4 months to play this game. Never been able to make more then a few minutes into the tutorial, before the game crashes. Last time with newest updates, i cant get past the 3 orcs. kill one and they move, game goes down. sounds like it could be fun, but wouldnt know after logging in at the first of ever month, since I bought the game."
76561198066408623,Not Recommended,232050,9998097,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Afvegaleiðir,"Its just so ugly... it makes it hard to enjoy... would not recomend... i mean for the price it is...if it was like, 0.99 cents i would be more understanding but not like this..."
76561198006685843,Not Recommended,232050,9494433,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Whutevr,"Might be a fun game if they ever get the crash errors fixed. Save crash, pointer crash, crash crash crash....."
76561197967107397,Not Recommended,232050,8372198,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Terryble,Well all I can Say the best part of this Game is the uninstall
,Not Recommended,232050,18252095,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Cognitive,"Things I like about the game:- The game is very cheap compared to similar games.- A different kind of adventuring: Your heroes spend time ""exploring"" each ""province"", finding and visiting different ""locations"" in each of them, and upgrading the town center in each.- You may have more than one hero, but the price increases significantly for each one. You may hoard, but it will cost you.- Unit prices increase for every one you hire of each type. You can't just spam the best units.- You have to choose which unit types you want, because you can only use half of them in each game.- Your hero can only use a limited number of each unit tier at any one time, with fewer of the higher tiers.- Building everything in your home town takes alot of time and gold. I still haven't managed to do it.Things I dont like:- Lack of helpful tooltips makes some things hard to understand. Like how the size of a population will affect the game. It's hard to win a game when the game doesn't tell you how things work.- The heroes say ""I will easily defeat them"", but then he dies and\or loses several units in auto-combat.- The combat AI is awful, sending archers and healers to the front row all the time.- Not enough abilities available for each hero type.- Unit animations are poorly timed (they deal damage and then they hit)- I'm swimming in mana, without trying at all.- Heroes are unbalanced. The scout and the warrior are one man armies, while the wizard can only cast 2 attacks through a whole battle in the beginning...- Some province populations will hate you and rebel. You dont have a clue why, because the game doesn't tell you.- Too little focus on magic, spells are too few and not very interesting.- There's no combat log."
76561198033569285,Not Recommended,232050,18309738,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,stuartbezant222,"game doesnt work, tried DEP, tried different resolutions and resintalling, I have new drivers and still it crashes before I can play either the campain or the shard maps. It was a waste of money so far, but I hope they fix it, it looked really cool."
76561198061396398,Recommended,232050,18232491,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,twistangst,Few turn based games are as deep and detailed as this one.
76561198053767780,Not Recommended,232050,33743162,Posted: 23 July,all,Anguis Furor,Just ♥♥♥♥ing impossibly difficult even on beginner.
,Recommended,232050,10051764,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,QuinZ33,"UPDATE 1/2016:A lot of the bugs seem to be fixed, though a few might remain. I'm switching this to a *very cautious* thumbs up. (By the way, my hours in the game are exaggerated. One of the many bugs is that when the game crashed, it didn't end the process in the task manager. So, I once had the process running for a week straight, adding a couple hundred hours to my play time).ORIGINAL REVIEW BELOW:So many bugs! I really really want to enjoy this game. And for long stretches, I do enjoy it... and then a gamebreaking bug causes all of my progress to be lost. This happens over and over again. I keep coming back, so at its heart it is a good game. Every time there is a patch to fix a bug, several new bugs pop up in its place.Most recently, they put out a big patch, calling it free DLC, and supposedly fixed bugs. It introduced an obvious, gamebreaking bug right up front that makes the game unplayable (enemy units won't die, they just sit on the battlefield at 0 health).Here is a list of some other bugs I've encountered in previous builds, some of which may still be present (I don't know, since the game is unplayable on the first shard now)1) I attacked another master, and won the final battle to take the shard. This results in a ""game over"" screen (this ruined my longest campaign, and even happened when I went to beat a different shard first, then returned to that master).2) My provinces are invincible. An enemy master will defeat my guards at a province, then retreat the next turn, with the province still under my control and my guards at full health3) I attack a province and end up in a mirror match, where I control both of my identical armies against one another. No matter which side wins, I both win and lose the battle.4) Game freezing and crashing to desktop immediately after conquering a shard. It goes to the main astral screen, the conquered shard comes towards my shard, and the game crashes as soon as they merge.5) The enemy AI completely forgetting to play the game. I once took over an entire master's shard with the enemy hero having never been beyond one hex of his capital. This was on a large map.I cannot recommend this game in its current state. It's been a year of heartache for me, since I want to play through a campaign so badly, and I keep trying, but it's just getting worse."
,Recommended,232050,19170409,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,A Wet Noodle,Will consume you.
,Recommended,232050,18735111,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Cherish Eternity,It's alright
,Not Recommended,232050,12717434,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Lord Naar,"Eador is billed as a stategy game and tries to combine Empire building 4x themes with turn based 'tactical' battles. Although the ideas are sound the execution is pretty bad. Everything seems a bit off at first and the feeling only grow the more you play it. Call it lack of polish or simply the mark of an 'indie' studio, the result is still the same...Not very fun.The tactical battles as gimped with an impossibly small field of battle (units are constantly getting in each others way if you have more than 5-6 units and archers and mages can wipe you out from across the map) and poor unit balance. Even on the easiest difficulty level the fights go from very easy to frustrating. Before the battle the game gives you an indication of how tough a fight will be but even fights that ""You will win easily"" can be a total wipe unless you use all your units in perfect coordination.i wish I would have had the willpower to play more to see if it improves but the game is simply not fun..."
76561198074212260,Not Recommended,232050,12519743,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,iamnotageek,"Great game. Had an issue with the game, actually an issue with the DLC, e-mailed support..... ONE WEEK later, no reply.So now I have this game I paid for that doesn't work.Won't buy anything from these people again."
,Not Recommended,232050,8194501,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Bober,Never buy this disbalanced sh*t. Ugly parody for great HoMM
76561197969946606,Not Recommended,232050,23354058,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,BOYCOTT S-T-E-A-M!,"I've never been able to complete this game due to the game crippling ""pointer errors"" which regularly occur. They are a game ending, campaign crippling, bug that despite being reported numerous times over the years hasn't been fixed.Worse, an expansion for this game just came out... so odds are these pointer errors will never be fixed. Since the expansion is using the same game engine it is highily likely that these unfixed pointer errors will still occur even in the expansion.It is a shame really. Aside from the pointer errors which prevent you from ever finishing the campaign and experiencing all of its extremely well written story its overall a great game with some awesome concepts and I'd recommend it, but when it can't be completed, never gets fixed, and then the company moves on to making another game using the same (likely still broken) game engine... I can't recommend that to anyone."
76561198042202779,Not Recommended,232050,8049359,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Fleet Admiral Aken H. Bosch,"You play as a God that wishes to beat other Gods, your goal is to seek out shards that the world broke into. Your way of doing this is to use heros! You use these heros,that command armies, to take out your foes. I get that using mortals to do your dirty work is what is normally propagated for strategy games, since Gods are ""far too powerful"" to be harmed. However this leaves a lack luster appeal for anyone expecting to play a game that moves beyond M&M (Might and Magic)."
76561198027521797,Not Recommended,232050,23664360,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,akshunjase,"Don't buy this game.I have tried to like this game and sure enough there are systems and mechanics that are interesting and fun.  However, it's a buggy mess and it's become clear the developers have made no real effort to fix them.  It's clear they've been concentrating on releasing their new stand alone expansion that's in early access.  That certainly gives the impression of unscrupulous behaviour and it would be smart to avoid any of their products in future...even if they are on sale."
,Not Recommended,232050,10097046,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Sick Puppy,So buggy and the game developers banned me for the community hub for saying how buggy it was. Gotta love it when a game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to the point where they ban people for saying how bad it actually is.
76561198077426959,Not Recommended,232050,24168376,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,UppedVirus9598,Like it alot as long as you play the tutorial. Once you get to first level of the game your stuck with tier 1 units while A.I. has tier 5 units
76561198050586983,Not Recommended,232050,30924697,Posted: 3 April,all,... ... ...,"Well, for my third review it will be Eador. Eador is truly a fun game if you enjoy this type of gameplay. You not only get to recruit many different types of troops but are able to build up your own Castle/City while also go exploring, treasure hunting, do missions (missions that each of your heroes can aquire individually) and also build up the provinces you aquire. There is a campaign but on a time limit, which if you are like me and enjoy exploring and building up your heroes/territory, it can be problem. But, you can also play a custom map, which is what I truly enjoy.All that aside, I do NOT, recommend this game. Though the game itself is truly fun, there are more than a few bugs, some just annoying while another, makes the game unplayable. Just look up Eador Access Violation. When I first bought the game, it played great but after a few updates, this issue came up. I was still able to play it for a while, just had to reload every other turn so as to not get that Access Violation stop the game for me, tried messing around with everything in the options area, and though one thing did stop that from happening, (can't recall what it was) it only worked that one single gameplay which eventually it came up after 10 or so turns. So, fell back to just reloading every other turn, which seemed to work, but now, Access Violation on my very first turn. Which, after trying to get around that several times, here I am writing my third review. If, and I do mean, if, they ever get around to fixing this issue, I would recommend this game, becuase it is fun, but for now, STAY AWAY. I was even going to buy their newest one, Eador Imperium, but changed my mind when I chose to play this one first in preparation for Imperium. Glad, I did. It stayed in my wishlist but no longer. I won't be buying Imperum, and will keep an eye out for this company becuase I won't be buying anymore of their games again.I turly do miss the days when you bought something and it worked liked it was supposed to. But, that was ages ago."
76561198039463852,Not Recommended,232050,17546277,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Kirkland Langue,"Concept sounded cool, so I downloaded.First time loading up the game - it crashes as soon as I click ""Play game"".I Google and realize that it's a hugely widespread issue with a lot of people guessing at various fixes which work for some people but not for everyone.Spent 20 minutes trying to get the game to run, don't care nearly enough to invest more time - first time I've refunded a game in Steam."
,Not Recommended,232050,10408565,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,SXX,DO NOT BUY! Linux version is EXE wrapped with Wine. TOTALLY BROKEN!
76561198025012341,Not Recommended,232050,9986243,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Boomon,Slow Paced and complicated for a game which has a fairly easy combat system
76561198031749387,Not Recommended,232050,10716762,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,silversnake7,"You can blame me for not playing it enough, but after over 10h of playtime, the game did not get me hooked, not at all.And i honestly think it's sad. The art is amazing, the sound atmospheric, the story... might be interesting, i can barely tell though and i think you can see the love and thought which went into this game, there are a lot of nice concepts packed into it. But, for me, the actual gameplay is so horrible that i don't even want to touch it anymore despite all the things that seem so nice about it.Here is why: I like turn based strategy games, i've been playing Heroes of Might and Magic (oh no, so mainstream?!) since decades, tried every installement and Eador reminds me very much of it. But, while Heroes is definetly not the fastest game, it has a pace i can go along with, its mechanics interlock well into one another (usually, not the same for all of them and all the titles), so it is nice to be invested in them, fighting your way through the campaign with what little things might be given to you, or watching your puny town thrive to a huge empire in an open game, or make to many or one big mistake and probably fail. I think, this is not the case in Eador. There is a lot you can do, but to me none of it felt like i was achieving anything. Spending dozens of turns to explore one area, most of which is delivered in text, sometimes fighting encounters, most of which appeared meaningless to me, sometimes dieing to a threat i couldn't even determine beforehand, or when the game even told me ""this should be easy"" and my units get one-hitted one after another, because i coudln't know better - more than once, but then, maybe i could have known better after the first time - careing less and less about the individual parts of the game because it feels so tedious, until i even started skipping most encounters and finaly stopped playing.So, i can't recommend it despite all its nice parts, because, after 10 hours of playtime, the game should have proven to me why i should care to carry on and not feel like a bunch of tasks i ought but not like to do to maybe get anywhere."
,Recommended,232050,8167845,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Hardan,Surprsingly deep and fun!
76561198010055427,Not Recommended,232050,24184327,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,psinsky,An endless conquest of shards...I thought the game play was overall repetitive.
76561198059331653,Not Recommended,232050,10662247,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,nevyn0ad,"This is an interesting game, which sadly suffers from dated mechanics.  While I'm posting this as a negative recommendation, if it's on sale, and you enjoy this genre it's certainly worth picking up, but with the current choice on the market there are just better options out there in the turn based strategy feel.The slow development of technology from shard to shard is a great selling point of the game, as is the picking and choosing of which shards to capture to add to your range, however the starting afresh on every shard gets old very fast, and the interface is not particularly friendly."
,Not Recommended,232050,17689783,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,StarGaze,"I've never seen so much needless repetition in a game, which sucks because with a few tweaks Eador would be superb! But you will quickly see (within the first non-tutorial map) that the game is incredibly repetitive and grindy.There is a concept of exploring provinces which is good but the execution is bad: Exploring takes many turns and you have to tell your heroes to ""Continue exploring"" every. single. turn. You may even get more than one hero to do this, so you will be clicking OK a lot. This really should be automatic.You can then ""visit"" the locations you have found while exploring, which you will usually do this with your strongest hero. When visiting locations, any scouting information you accrued is lost and you're given no indication of the fight difficulty (if there is one) until you spend a turn. Both issues could have been covered in a 'are you sure?' prompt when selecting locations.You're supposed to hire heroes and support them with an army. But I found it much easier to just hire a tough warrior hero and equip them with all the stuff you find from visiting locations. After a while they become invincible and can just stomp on everything. Armies are too expensive/upgrading heroes via equipment is too cheap.Managing your kingdom is a horrible experience. You can only reinforce one village guard and build one building in one province per turn. Your kingdom will typically consist of dozens of provinces, making this incredibly tedious and difficult to keep track of. These limits could be removed.Finally, there are too many random events. They can fire off for multiple provinces every. single. turn. Many events have multiple stages, depending on what choice you make. Do you care that there is a minor event in the insignificant province of Backwater Dump that might affect the citizens in some vague, indiscernable manner? The game believes you should. These events could have been more rare and had a larger impact.So, Eador is entertaining and has great concepts but terrible execution. I can't recommend it when there are better games like it out there (Age of Wonders, Heroes of Might and Magic 3/5)."
,Not Recommended,232050,17664568,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,BlurmoreBR,"I really tried to play it, because I love strategy games... but couldn't with so much bug. I'm feel sorry for that."
,Not Recommended,232050,29793239,Posted: 8 February,all,Cyres,desent game interesting but sadly still unplayable thanks to all the bugs
76561198120676072,Recommended,232050,19721360,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Bloodseeker2193,"Hey, just have a question... I keep getting booted out of the game like every 20 or so turns and it is saying: Acess violation at address 1D595B66. Read of address A835BAD4. So if there is anything I can do to fix this can you please let me know!! Thanks"
76561198006884898,Recommended,232050,2405836,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,buchecker,Underrated TBS gem.
76561197991413819,Not Recommended,232050,10365932,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,There's my chippy,"AVOID AVOID AVOIDThis is a port of a decades old game that adds nothing but bugs, glitches and buglitches. Hours and hours into the game (it did suck me in with its apparent complexity and challenge) I learned that the AI wasn't playing the same game I was. This is the epitome of cheating AI.AVOID. AVOID."
76561198048627519,Not Recommended,232050,10363145,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,geech000,Horribly broken and I'm not talking game balance. I can't even get it to load. Support is almost non-existant. There are much better turn-based strategy games out there. Start with the ones that actually work.
76561198073213855,Not Recommended,232050,10470395,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Mad Jacq,"Aptly named title. With a significant overhaul this game could be something but in its current state it is badly ""broken"". This game will frustrate which makes it in many ways worse than a overtly bad game (at least with a bad game you could move on). As it is this one will have you going, ""I wonder if it would be different if I tried this... or this..."".It won't be.As things go this game prescribes too tightly the path you must take to be successful. Buy these units, not those ones, do things in this order and this way. Fight this, don't fight that until this, etc.As a huge fan of TBS and fantasy genre and long time (decades) player of same. I don't recommend this game. What I do recommend is that some developers out there learn from these guys mistakes and make the game that this should have been.EDIT/TLDR: Buy Age of Wonders III instead..."
76561197992198040,Not Recommended,232050,13255803,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Macrel,"I really wanted to like this game, but it just feels mediocre.  A lot of great ideas that just didn't really come together."
76561197989827790,Not Recommended,232050,13310525,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,MrConsideration,"Fun the first few times. Then the campaign devolves into conquering the next shard and the next shard and the next shard, making you incremenally more efficient at repeating the process. The rate of progression is geological in span, and the idea that there are mildy autistic masochists out there who have completed this game enough time to see multiple endings (the game has an end?) boggles the mind.It also possesses a considerable number of never-explained and grotesquely unfair gameplay mechanics each of which will make you lose a level at least once. Then a little Gremlin taunts you.Avoid."
76561198043530630,Not Recommended,232050,13314181,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,charlemagne422000,Gee thanks Snowbird. Released over a year ago and the same bugs that made the game unplayable are still alive and kicking! This game was a mess in April of 2013 and it is still a mess today.  The game is crawling with stability issues. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME OR THE DLC. Snowbird needs to learn the lesson that no one care about new content or features when the game just plain does not work.
76561198011365080,Not Recommended,232050,13327331,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Edge,Game was sold for linux but does not work at all.
76561197968434831,Not Recommended,232050,18671837,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,sppeterson,"The game is unplayable.Control toolbar is hidden off-screen so  can't click next turn and when I adjust resolution to match desktop the click zone for the mouse cursor is about 30% up the screen making buttons again unclickable.  I'd understand bugs if it was a recent launch, but it's been out for a long time now and they still haven't made it even minimally functional."
76561198062859946,Not Recommended,232050,18458863,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Syrseth,The game concept is interesting but ...You cannot skip the boring tutorial.Game is too slow
76561198030168404,Not Recommended,232050,18550618,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,TooL,"I Can't load any saved games. WTF is with this broken P.o.S being released?IF they get their act together, this looks to be a really enjoable, fun and interesting game.At this point in time, f*ck this game."
76561198071589956,Not Recommended,232050,11964885,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,#ff0000,The game is unplayable on linux
76561198007432070,Recommended,232050,23478005,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,glenkybumpers,"People!!, Please STOP putting ""INDIE"" on all games........"
76561197989786670,Not Recommended,232050,30178100,Posted: 25 February,all,Fried_Chickens,"Broken game, many bugs. Will make sure to stay away from this developer."
11011001000100101,Recommended,232050,20358748,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,ȼƹƮɨȼ ɲǿƮɦɨɲǥ,This game is a pure show!!!A show of pleasantness and strategy!
76561198010672112,Not Recommended,232050,29030394,Posted: 5 January,all,Dogwash Fancypants,"They should rename it to -Base Race- becuase that is all you f-ucking do in this game!Capture as many towns as fast as you can or lose.Capture enough towns, fast enough, and you cant lose.There is nearly zero stratagy to this game.Just a mess of awesome ideas porely executed.On the cusp of being cool.Not worth anywhere near full price."
76561197971640510,Not Recommended,232050,16111228,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Huggles `,"I'd really like to recommend this game, but I can't, really.It's just so good in its basic premise, and the execution is not half bad either, but some bad design and balance decisions make it a sad game to play. After a while you understand just how badly the AI cheats, how only one character class is truly good (warrior, solo all enemies, all armies), and the crash bugs finally get to you..In short, I probably wouldn't get this unless the game balance is addressed.If you got a fun and balanced game, even crash bugs don't bother you because you just reboot it and continue. A bad game, even if technically perfect, you just won't want to play at all"
76561198007190315,Not Recommended,232050,16237992,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Galilleos,"I played a long time this game, but I cannot reccomend it.Postitive:- Pretty for a tactical game- they have fixed most/all bugs- lot of differents units with unique abilities- complexe tactical gameNegative:- too oriented around the tactical combat (stratgic layer is interesting but most of your time will be spent doing combat)- hard to learn as you need to know each unit as some unit are totally overporwered and can wipe a whole army if you have nothing to counter them (example ghost are pretty much invulnerable against everything and are killed in one specific spell)- unit tier X are way more powerful than unit of the lower tier. It seems fun but if you combine with the fact you start from scratch each map, it makes the first hour a repetitive grind before your reach unit of tier 2- bad evaluation of automatic combat (making risky to automate even a simple fight)And the most regretaable that could be really improved by mod done by users, but the game cannot support mod..."
76561198047626001,Not Recommended,232050,22994564,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,corppor.mack,"I wanted to like this game, but it was just so tedious .... unfun .... and boring.AI is awful, early game is just ... unbearable ... maybe the late game picks up but i will never know it has no draw for me."
,Not Recommended,232050,28786093,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Alibaba24,"Tends to stop working after playing a certain time, im guessing some bug never really got worked out.Fun game at the beginning and intresting concept, but after some time the bugs make it unplayable"
76561198014895584,Not Recommended,232050,10378208,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Asheblade,"This game had the potential to be awesome and was so close..BUT it is aweful, the ai is horrid, the estimations of troop strength are just plan way off and result in losses setting you way back, the random events are almost impossible to keep up with..in short I do not recomend it and will direct you towards fallen enchantress or a slew of other games..STAY AWAY FROM THIS WASTE OF MONEY!"
76561198056135797,Not Recommended,232050,8191403,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,The Ends Of Invention,"+ The overworld is nice looking.+ Has a cute town upgrade system that shows the new buildings and technologies.+ Units and monsters are detailed and well animated, though some animations are over-long.+ / - Quite slow and very long. Each province needs capturing, then you can usually fight one or two side battles there straight away, then upgrade it (one building per turn only), then 'exploring' to quell overpopulation (about 5% explored per turn, totally automated, no actual walking around or exploration) which uncovers more battles. With over a dozen provinces per stage there is an awful lot of content, albeit drip-fed.- Unfulfilling, slow combat.- Even with a huge advantage, using the auto-battle will get half your force killed.- The battles really don't have much to do with 'strategy and tactics'. The battlefields are so small, so full of terrain and your army so comparatively huge that you almost run out of room to deploy them (leading to just plonking them down wherever you can), units get in each other's way, leading to fiddly, grindy crawls across a map dominated by choke points. Pretty shallow, more about numbers than anything else.If you like more board-gamey strategy games (like FF Tactics) then you might like this. But otherwise, don't bother."
,Not Recommended,232050,8182691,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Caphall,Kind of boring actually. There isn't much of a story and the battles kind of plod on.....Wouldn't recommend it.
76561198114840396,Not Recommended,232050,23215623,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Agnos_08,"It was a complete surprise that the game can't even launch, so that earns the game 0/10 since it does not even launch.PS.How is it that after 2 years it does not work?"
76561198055671572,Not Recommended,232050,9772040,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,BanO2!,"This game is addictive, and the game play is fun, but they have some serious file handling errors.  Their file handling errors manifest it two ways.  The first is that if you try to attack the wrong shard the game will crash during the first save event.  The second is that if you try to attack the wrong enemy on a shard and the game will freeze.   I don’t know what’s going on, but this is pretty basic stuff.  It is kind of surprising that they could create the graphics and gameplay that they have and yet still not even manage programing 101 file handling issues.Here’s the use case that ruins the game for me.  I have three shards that I can attack.  Two of them will cause the game to crash during the first save event.  The third freezes every time I try to invade a territory controlled by the last of four enemies.  As such, there is now no way for me to even attempt to continue, let alone win, the game.  I guess that I could just kill off all of my heroes, dismiss all of my guards and troops, and then wait for the last enemy to conquer my castle, but who would want to do that?  Besides, there is no guarantee that surrendering this shard will allow for the creation of a shard that won’t crash.It looks like this game will be really fun someday.  But until they fix there file handling issues it is just frustrating.  As such, I wouldn’t recommend buying it until after they fix these bugs."
76561197983081268,Not Recommended,232050,13188572,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,D.O.G.O.B.G.Y.N.,One of those games that has potential but fails to deliver.  Combat is underwelming and some UI elements are confusing.
76561198077808116,Not Recommended,232050,18231511,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,bzombo,It started off good but then it just falls off so hard so fast I stopped playing and uninstalled it immediately.
76561198074753047,Not Recommended,232050,9987251,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,andreysubbotin,"The game has three tiers. On campaign level you conquer ""shards"" that give you new technologies and buildings, and compete with other NPCs. Each conquest happens on a map where you and your opponent have a castle, raise an army and fight for territories and resources. Finally, each fight happens on a tactical hex map.Campaign level is little more than a sequence of missions. You have some choice on what to attack next, but it does not matter much. It is extremely long, and most will stop playing before end. After playing 200 hrs I am about halfway.Arena level is fun, but NPC is not competitive - its just something to kill when you want the arena to end. The fun comes out of selecting a sequence of fights to level up your hero and your castle. Its somewhat similar to King's Bounty in play style - you pick fights, your hero levels up, you can now win harder fights, but there is no hurry to do something by set time.The tactical fights are reasonably entertaining, units have various spefical abilities and immunities that you have to keep in mind, there are spells, tile bonuces, fatigue influence etc.This would be a very good game, if not for bugs. Bugs! When I bought it a year ago, it was essentially unplayable, so I let it settle down for a while. Now it is somewhat better, but still, hourly crashes, NPC units endlessly going in circles, lockdowns, corrupted saves... when half of the challenge in a fight comes not from defeating an enemy, but from avoiding triggering the known bugs, the game definitely has quality problems... and if they didn't fix it by now I guess they never will.So... I am not recommeding it because of bugs."
76561198020003122,Not Recommended,232050,23407743,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,daveg_sc,Worst game i have ever purchased. Right-click and left-click to move or attack really does nothing. The only thing i got to work was to let the computer do auto combat. I will never buy a game from this company again.
76561198000385268,Not Recommended,232050,11958997,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,[LINUX]oldrocker99,"This very flawed game was released a couple of months ago as a Linux game, and was shipped with a plain wine wrapper that acts as though I'd installed Steam for Windows under wine and installed Eador there. The result is the same: lousy battlefirld graphics that make it difficult to select your side. They even removed the availablity of the game for Linux on the store page. NOT recommended"
,Recommended,232050,7834845,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Duece Bigalow No Gigalow,Should be renamed to Eador: Masters of a broken game! Piece of crap!
,Not Recommended,232050,14500708,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,BobWolf,"I played this game enough to NOT recommend people to buy it, at least not right now.Since the beginning of every game depends on luck, the loading time is way too long, AI turn take forever from mid game to late game.Talking about the AI, he cheat too much.  If you did not have a perfect beginning, some luck with event, he will destroy you.They need to fix the loading time and the AI before I recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,232050,10192567,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Fetid Rotting Anushole,"Despite the ongoing support, consistent patching, and free mini-DLC, Masters of the Broken World is still Masters of the Broken Game (hahaha, I'm so good). This is essentially the original Eador with some additional bells and whistles, but little expansion on the existing features.There's really no reason to play this installment when the original Eador plays much more smoothly, actually works half the time, and isn't nearly as buggy. Even the interface in this game is more unfriendly, which is saying something when the original Eador's interface was just a mad collection of buttons.Eventually, it might match up to its predecessor, but with the mods and stability offered in the original, there's really no reason to get Masters of the Broken World right now, especially since it costs more."
,Not Recommended,232050,16248437,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Ardy,"Apperently the game is entirely or borderline broken on some systems. I played this a bunch when I first bought. Tried reinstalling on a PC a while later and there's no way I can get the game to run now. I have installed on several drives, form several compatibility modes, run all the suggested fixes from PCgamingwiki but to no avail.This is not an isolated case. Looking for fixes, I found post after post of users with similar issues and no working solutions.Shame. It's a great game, on level with HOMM3, I'd say, but I cannot recommend a game that has a risk of simply not working no matter what you do."
76561198098596707,Not Recommended,232050,8597404,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,patandspooky,average quality 4X game.  5/10
76561197968052198,Not Recommended,232050,15040860,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,kumquats,"This game runs, but gameplay is a broken half finished mess that is just ridiculous.  If you're looking for something like Disciples or MoM, this is not it.  My opinion, avoid it at all costs."
,Not Recommended,232050,17659642,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,wirelessdarkness,Masters of a Broken Game.
,Not Recommended,232050,17740974,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Strifer,It's a turn-based strategy inside a turn-based strategy inside a turn-based strategy. the pacing is so slow its torturous. having to play the same missions over and over again before you get any worthwhile new toys is mind numbingly dull.Don't even bother playing this game without using the Cheat Engines speed-up tool.
76561198009941825,Not Recommended,232050,15405331,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Dark_Dreams,"Total waste of money - spent hours trying to get the game to load.It doesn't support my Radeon HD 4670 GFX Card.  It gives 'Your video card does not support hardware acceleration' at startup and then fails during loading.  Searched and searched for a solution, but have been unable to find a fix.I suggest avoiding if your GFX card uses the Microsoft WDDM 1.1 driver on Windows 8.1."
76561198005305852,Not Recommended,232050,9791852,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Clown,"Waste of 20 bucks, and I seriously mean this. Game will not run properly, screen just keeps flickering like it's trying to give me a seizure. Also, they have no online support or assistance for issues like this. Last time I'm buying a game from a small studio."
76561198006604178,Not Recommended,232050,10905185,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Roar,not recommended
76561198071356187,Not Recommended,232050,23544013,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,wk37781,"this game has nothing but problems, stay away"
76561198007240646,Not Recommended,232050,8830914,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,HellKain,Oh it's broken alright.
,Not Recommended,232050,23444006,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Hawkest,Hard to write a review on a game i could barley spend 2 hours on.Not my kinda game.
,Not Recommended,232050,8780098,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,DeLuman,"The tutorial took 3 hours and that was one of the most boring experiences I've ever had playing a video game.  I honestly can't think of a worse way to introduce your game to new players then what I just went through.The basic game mechanics seemed backwards compared to every other game of this genre I've played.  Why would you make a move then wait for next turn to see how that move worked out, why doesn't it just happen now...Other overworld mechanics appeared to exist only to increase the amount of ""grinding"" you could achieve as a player.  The combat mechanics were even worse, the basic UI had enough numbers floating around that you would generally have no idea what nay of them specifically meant.  The ""guide"" dialouge to tell you how difficult an encounter would be how wrong about as often as it was right.The music was repetitive beyond all measure, the sound effects and animations were amateurish.This game may have been a competitor with Heroes of Might and Magic 1 but nothing in that genre that's been created sense.It is possible that if you're willing to give this game more of a chance then I did there is a good game waiting for you on the other end, but I can't imagine it."
,Not Recommended,232050,9984236,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,psyfox22,got old quickly
76561198036058263,Not Recommended,232050,7757857,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,MeLose,"I'm on the fence about this game. On one hand it is a fairly fun. The game structure works for me, but there is a lot of missed potential. The AI is either too easy, or just tedious to play against. The story mode takes too long before you unlock even half the units. I'm 40 hours in and have unlocked about half. This wouldn’t be so bad, but the game starts to get repetitious when you get one new unit, that you probably wont use, every few hours. I ended up putting the game down when this repetition got to me."
76561198009742519,Not Recommended,232050,17713666,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,thoridon,"i have almost 600 hours into this game and i have never been able to finish a campain due to game breaking bugs. over 2 years and this game is still infested with bugs. and now it seems to be even worse as now even random 1 shard games are  chain crashing with in 100 turns or so even with reloading prior saves and trying to do diffent things in game.   while sometimes game can be fun there are to many game breaking bugs to recommend the game unless it is less than 5 dollars.update (jan3rd 2017) the updated added on dec 28 did not adress the playablity of this game.  crashed 4 times in 45 min, call me cynical but i expect the ""update"" was just pushed out because the game is broke as ♥♥♥♥ and they are trying to sell a 3rd installment of their broke♥♥♥♥♥♥and they are trying to get the whole  look we keep updating old games line to sucker people into buying the new game.i will admit when the game works i do find it mindless fun just that fun lasts a very short time before frustration with constant crashes sets in.again i would not pay more than 5 bucks for any snowbird game ever."
76561198013255703,Not Recommended,232050,16103562,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,kingnothin19,"Actually enjoy the gameplay on this one, though exploring the provinces can be a bit tedious. Reason for downvote is that the game frequently crashes after battle resolution (transition between loot phase and world map) - with multiple leaders especially. Pretty unplayable, and my rig has no problem with games that have higher performance requirements."
76561198007306127,Not Recommended,232050,29592511,Posted: 30 January,all,anahita972,"Many, many bugs and retard game disaine."
,Not Recommended,232050,22306164,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,SkeletonHarvester,The game is slow and has so much micromanagement but not in a good way. It's just boring to me. The story is also atrocious. The game itself is pretty solid if you have enough patience.
,Not Recommended,232050,13705387,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,barusa,"GRRR...  Why didn't I listen?  I read all the reviews and heard how bad this game was.  Some reason I decided to buy the game anyway.Positive Details:..1.  It plays like an advanced Heros of Might and Magic...2.  Good graphics.Negative Details:..1.  The game is full of unfinished failures......a.   Units will die before the attacker even arrives......b.   Units will die before the attacker draws his weapon......c.   Many times the graphics will just slide across the screen[I DON'T WANT THE NORMAL DEVELOPER EXCUSE!  I AM NOT A CHILD!  I HAVE THE LATEST HARDWARE AND MATCHING DRIVERS!]..2.  The game is extremely repetitive......a.  Build buildings.....b.  Build units.....c.  Fight.....d.  and repeat ad infinitum..3.  The story is lame..4.  You start so weak you spend all your time waiting to get strong before you can do anything.[Good game design would have allowed the enemies to scale equal to the players growth. Perhaps  like every RPG and strategy game made in the last three decades.]I tried liking this game, but I am not wasting any more time on it!"
76561198007227413,Not Recommended,232050,13483906,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Eclipsebane,"Found this game to be very repetitive and the only play style that worked for me was to be aggressive with the hero from the go. Since if you go slow, the enemy hero finds you and walks right through all your defences.  Whoever has the strongest hero wins especially with the weak units you use for most of the game, the hero can crush entire armies when he gets high enough and the mage class is useless for the most part.The campaign is like an endless restarting skirmish mode, where you start off the same each time with maybe a couple different enviromental effects and the possiblity of one more building which you earned last time. This gets old fast and it almost seems like you aren't making any progress with a vague reason to keep you going.So if you are wanting one or two skirmishes its ok, it also look and plays fine. Would however only say to get this game if its on sale to play a little to see what its like but for the most part its too repetitive for me."
76561198037834509,Not Recommended,232050,16002598,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Old Timer,"The basic game play in Eador is fine and enjoyable.  I like the character classes, items, building options, etc.,  but the game becomes too repetitive.  Each level you have to start over and do basically the same thing again and again.  And those basic functions like clearing land are too slow and become a grind.  With a few tweaks to speed up game play I would have recommended the game, but as is it is just not quite there."
,Not Recommended,232050,13512503,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,TheDavv,"I had a positive rewiev on this but i had to change it...1. THE GAME KEEPS CRASHING EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING FIGTH ... idk what happend but i had not this problem before2. Srsly if u have a big shard and u are many turns in the game, it will be so slow that u want to kill yourself3. Wtf is wrong with performance srsly, its slow even on low settings what is the problem? And if ur nvidia user u will have problems with performance im not the only one....4. Way too repeterive and in campaign u will do the same things over and overPros are it was fun at begining but more u play it more u hate it. Good concept of skills and lvling up your charakters, various quests, solid combat but in lategame it is wery bad, good start of game but it dont live up to its potencial. Game is still updated but idk if its worthit. If ur lucky and you dont run in to game breaking bugu u enjoy it, if u run into them well u want to get your money back... Stil i think its fun game but i canot recomend it...."
76561198001784839,Not Recommended,232050,13957982,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Salty Jack,"I like 4x, not this one.  too much mgt not enough action."
76561198038986880,Not Recommended,232050,13549101,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,hlange,"Well, some nice ideas, but done really really badly, and overall it quickly get's boring.Instead of something really creative, most of the hero progress/cash gain is thorugh random events generated by ""exploring"".  And realy while you theoretically can have many heroes for a HUGE part of each game you will walk with single army.  Basically because for one thing you will not be able to buy and maintain 2 heroes (even with easiest setting you will burn out starting gold too fast without building up the armies/heroes to conquer anything)And the difficulty of encounters is badly scaled - at the beginning you struggle in each fight, and then very suddenly you trample most enemies.There are still many bugs. For example before each encounter the game describes the opponent and tries to give some sumary on the chances.Not only the ""estimate"" is most often dead wrong (""no losses"" is impossible and from some ""hard"" fights you come unscrathed). And that is particularily annoying because sometimes some bug causes the part of description with enemiesWhile the city building and expanse seems interesting and complex at first, it quickly becomes obvious it's really primitive. This is because in longer run most of the possible building choices are not really viable (You can build almost useless trash buildings or buy the few needed or save the cash)While your troops can gain experience and level, in most cases it affects them in pretty minimal way. And the game fight system is not setup in a way that would promote the ""leveling"" of units, as they are hard to level and easy to kill.Overall the game suffers from randomness in just about anything."
,Not Recommended,232050,10983844,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Ritterbush,"Eador: Masters of the Broken World is a remake of Eador: Genesis. It is nearly identical, with almost all changes being graphics and GUI layout. Unfortunately, they absolutely failed at the GUI. They managed to make a game that was over ten years old harder to play through a series of changes that did nothing to improve the game, only hinder players.Eador: Genesis was an incredible game for the time, and is still highly enjoyable. If you can find it, play it instead. The few enhancements Masters of the Broken World received are not worth the investment."
76561198006683411,Not Recommended,232050,15425331,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,The Tikki Man,This game does not work for me.
76561197968780022,Not Recommended,232050,15447466,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Ultack,"Crap!   Stupid game cannot even generate maps to start.   From Tiny to Colossal, I am stuck at small maps because the damn crap stop responding if I try to go for bigger maps.   I tried to lower all settings to minimum to no avail.   I got GTX 660 so its not my card, its the game the problem.   Great concept, crap coding.   I went to their forum multiple times for help and never got a single response from them."
76561198006108428,Not Recommended,232050,18005094,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,jbarnhouse,Game crashes constantly.  Poor coding somewhere.
,Not Recommended,232050,15132047,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Rappletek,Couldnt work out if this game was good... 53 hours later I will never play it again...Buggy Hexes/10
76561197975648654,Not Recommended,232050,14254970,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,pop90954,"Game play is top notch with meaningful descisions presented to the player quite often. However the crashes to desktop are very nearly a game breaker. Many other games would be gathering dust with half the bugs and crashing this game has, a testement to the nature of the gameplay. If ever the developer finally irons out thier customer service and bug fixing issues (after a year and a half my prediction is that they will not), they will have a true classic on thier hands. If you can tolerate a campaign that drops you to desktop every 5-8 turns or so, you will love this game. If however you can not give this title a wide berth."
76561198026045229,Not Recommended,232050,14375863,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,jhgamm,"If you want to get this style of game than get Endless Legend. It is similar, but much better."
,Not Recommended,232050,13429462,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Tmark,"Too frustrating TBS, with 4X elements."
,Not Recommended,232050,13445460,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Anubis1289,"This game is a waste of time, space and money. the tutorial is the only descent part about the game after that it crashes and burns. during the campaign you don't get a chance to feel the flow of actual game play before they put you up against the pc that aparently plays by different rules than you do. If you are thinking that you can just play it on easy that is the easiest setting. the prices for the hero's are so high after you purchase the first one that when you need it you are already being attacked. this is the poorest excuse for a campaign that I have ever played. I found myself so frustrated that I wanted to punch the screen. I have been stuck in the same spot for about a week now."
76561198048999499,Not Recommended,232050,16029859,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,~elitekiller~,"Ok so let me start of by saying this game is not only called masters of the broken world for nothing. A.K.A. the game world is littered with bugs and I just came to a game breaking bug that will not allow me to continue no matter what save I load.This game is a wonderful game in the sense of atmosphere and gameplay, but the insane amount of glitches, errors, crashes and now completely broken game is just to much even for such a game full of such potential.In case you think it is my specs, I have an I7 with 12gb ram and a GTX 850 with almost a tera left."
76561197966287779,Not Recommended,232050,15975344,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Xenrathe,"It's just extremely extremely extremely repetitive. For every new shard, play with a brand new hero. Build the exact same buildings and units over. Fight the same battles in the same way over.Part of the problem is that it's not balanced. Certain units are just SO superior to others, and the difficulty can be punishing, which has you using those same units and fighting in the same way over and over.Basically, once you've won one shard, you've won them all."
76561197993060918,Not Recommended,232050,14097749,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Aquinas,4/10
76561197972462277,Not Recommended,232050,14457914,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,chriskessel,"I really wanted to like this and played it a good amount, but there's really too much in the game. You can explore a single province and tackle it's encountes a ton, which is generally more valuable than the eXpand part of 4x. There's sort of multiple meta games, the adventure and the mega map.In theory, that'd be right up my ally, but in practice it doesn't mesh well. Plus, you MUST have your heroes survive and level and also your units. You can't really ever fail and expect to win, which makes the game a try-reload tactical battle experience rather than a 4x experience."
76561198005586254,Not Recommended,232050,15657816,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,LordFaustus,2 slowww
76561198129101111,Not Recommended,232050,14510790,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,unknown.notregistered,"Grab it on sale, if it sounds interesting to you. Otherwise... skip it.I have played 3 days worth on it and I honestly can't say any one part of it wants me to come back to try it again after letting it go for a while.Don't get me wrong, it has elements and aspects that are just begging to be a great game - but it is just not mixed well enough to make it there. Pieces of the game's RNG engine that determines the perks you gain by shards play havok with how to progress, making the game mixture so unevel you'll go through the game and realize you missed out on over two-thirds of the content for no real reason.It has so much, but so little to make you inclined to use it, its almost... forgettable.To me, that's kinda sad, especially since I can clearly remember the gameplay as to actually be that good, addictive ""one more turn"" element to it.It has promise, a massice selection of options, but the mixture on how its done makes it so uneven you'll forget what you could have done after you finish it.Its a passable game, about averate of what's to expect for the turn-based strategy - but nothing truly noteworthu  outside its concept. Some growth and development aspects that limit and help lean the player towards one style or another are truly good, but it cuts out so much of viable options thanks to the sheer quantity its such a shame on the balance scale of what could have been."
76561198006929488,Not Recommended,232050,22135481,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Bitterpants,Yet another game were the builders dont understand that beginner means beginner. I dont want to have to be a grand master at the inside tricks specific to a given game just to see whats in the game. How hard is it to understand? A retard baby should be able to face roll the keyboard and play the game at beginner level. It is for people who have never seen a video game before in their lives. The game desperately needs a trainer so you can speed up the game play and not spend turn after turn sitting and waiting for your resources to slowly inch up. There is an incredible depth of detail in this game but dont worry you will never see it because its impossible to see it at the levels you encounter it and you wont stick around long enough to reach end game where you cant go back and see the stuff you passed up on the way.
76561198059630603,Not Recommended,232050,22051922,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,loridhm,In another lanugage  and can't be changed.
76561198022821134,Not Recommended,232050,15659727,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Suji,"Eador: Masters of the Broken World... What has it brought to us? A fine picture, a new DLC (which you will rarely use to your advantage) and a damn lot of bugs!First of all, the game is not optimized at all! Its graphics are not so great, because it's just a turn-based strategy, but is uses more resources than Skyrim until it just refuses to work. Relaunching the game may help, but I want to play, not launch it over and over again. But that's not all. Tons of bugs still occur after so many updates. Devs, are you sure you fix them? I don't see it. Just two days ago, it crashed, when I attempted to conquer a new shard and no matter how many times I reloaded the game and the save file, it was crashing in the same place. Do I have to begin it from the very beginning after so many hours of playing to get the same error again someday?! Oh, come on...New DLC... Yeah, it's fun sometimes, but that's not what I expected. It could have been much better! You just have some new units for the creatures you can make an alliance with, but if you have a troll or a minotaur, then you won't use them at all, because they are too week. And completing some tasks becomes more difficult, because, if you need to kill 10 dwarves, you'll have to kill 100 dwarves and that's not funny at all.Tastes differ, I know, but I liked the Eador: Genesis's interface more. It looked better and worked better. It was more convenient.Another thing that I did not like at all! The game has become easier! A damn lot easier compared to Eador: Genesis. When you attempt to conquer a shard, you've got 3-4 new building to acquire... When you finally conquer a shard, you get 7-8 new buildings! And how am I supposed to call that bonus? Yeah, a piece of s**t! It just ruins all the fun! You don't have to plan ahead, you don't have to choose wisely which shard you should conquer next. And in the end (if you get to it, because it can crash anytime, as I mentioned above) you have to (yes, you HAVE to) conquer EMPTY shards! And you know what? It pisses me off to waste time like that!The result: yes, Eador: Genesis is older, it doesn't have that pretty though useless DLC, it's not 3D, it doesn't have these pretty (also quite useless though) achievements in Steam, but it works well and it's more challenging, and that is why I'll choose that old beauty instead of this new piece of garbage! So, as you have already guessed, I do NOT recommend it!"
76561198075229767,Not Recommended,232050,11091847,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,outcast1273,Not without this game being play tested further and patched.Im 144 hours in the game and I crash with an error at every turn saying invalid pointer error.. all those hours down thecrapper !
,Not Recommended,232050,23081489,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,badnesso,My wife slapped me.  I made her play Eador for 2 hours.  I get breakfast in bed every morning now. That was over a year ago.
76561198014277673,Not Recommended,232050,15423639,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Oranix,"Many crashes. Many bugs. This could have been a perfect game. However, there is currently no feel of real progression as you move from shattered world to shattered world. Wish I could recommend it. I really do."
76561197988281569,Not Recommended,232050,22353232,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,pvinnitsky,"It has a few good ideas, and a bunch of bad ones.  Feels very repetitive, same events keep happening.  The exploration of provinces is idiotic and takes too long.  Interface is terrible."
76561198075138125,Not Recommended,232050,10522322,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Redeemed,Boring game.  Sucks up hours with little reward.
76561198007783852,Not Recommended,232050,14549730,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Cayman,"I have spent a long time playing Eador: Masters of the Broken World. I must say that this game is interesting and certainly has the ""Still another turn"" appeal. However, eventually I must admit: it is exceedingòy frustrating. After the few first worlds, that are fairly easy to win, the game becomes very hard. After trying in vain too many times to beat some of the enemy gods for the control of my third or fourth island in sky, I eventually felt disappointed. A game that is too easy to be interesting  becomes quickly annoying, but so does also a game that is just too difficult to be won. When I play I want to have fun. If it is too frustrating, where is the point in continuing?I may be a mediocre strategist, or just right a stupid guy, but I do not enjoy to be systematically punished. So, after too many defeats, the game is no longer on my hard disk, and I felt so well pushing the buttons to disinstall it !"
76561198081499934,Not Recommended,232050,14663416,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,whoodeeny,This game is like a cross between Warlock and Might and Magic....  It seemed ok but kinda slow.  I didnt play it that much and couldnt bring myself to play it after 4-5 hours.
76561197989790112,Not Recommended,232050,13537475,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Nakkas,"THis game is broken and if I could sue to get my money back, even though it's couch change, I would.  Waste of time."
76561198005919137,Not Recommended,232050,12862346,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Provoker,"I can't really recoment this game. Don't get me wrong its good, but gets boring too soon as it lacks pace and intrigue"
76561198053302650,Not Recommended,232050,9294345,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,buhduh,"Boring, dumb, repetitive.  Recommended only to six year olds.  I want my money back"
76561198091103208,Not Recommended,232050,12755844,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,1B-15-FirelFox,ok i   am changing my  Review to even  worse know as i been  trying to play it even more.The game  got so many  bugs you cant even play it.I run  Windows 8 and  with 5k $ inside my machine and  it seems this game just got bug after bug after bug  n they havent updated this game since 7/somthing/2014 know i feel i just got riped off.
76561198002556732,Not Recommended,232050,2119485,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Drenegade,"This is a bad game. It tries desperately to be either Kings Bounty or Heroes of M&M but has none of the charm. Worldbuilding is okayish, but the story couldn't be more generic if Salvatore himself wrote it. The interface is clunky, combat unwieldy and even at this pricepoint, it looks terrible. Avoid like typhoid mary."
,Not Recommended,232050,661411,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,nivina,"I recommend you buy this if you ever wondered what a really, really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Heroes of Might and Magic would be like. The recommendation gets stronger if you really like Unicorns."
,Recommended,232050,19407286,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Deafen Dawn,"Has Broken Mechanics , quite poor economics but still enjoyable."
76561197993937032,Not Recommended,232050,8008783,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Mr.White,Dont ever buy this laggy turn base game.
76561198040605879,Recommended,232050,4672034,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Janek,A very nice Indie strategic game with elements of HOMM and Total War (campaign turns)
76561197965377122,Recommended,232050,23500904,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,The Reluctant Geek,"If not for a few niggling balance issues and a stupendously steep learning curve that the inescapable (and long) tutorial only goes part way to covering, this could be one of the best strategy games ever.An unpolished gem for those that can withstand a few hours of frustration while they learn the ropes."
76561198006946057,Recommended,232050,30468728,Posted: 12 March,all,Leelu,"There are so many negative reviews of this game, and I've enjoyed it so much so far (only 20 hours in but enough to get the jist of it) that I thought I'd write a short review.The are a lot of comments about how difficult this game is.  I rage quit AoW3 quite often, but I've yet to do so here.  If you're completely defeated in battle, you just resurrect after a couple of turns, repair, get more soldiers and carry on.  I'm sure as I get better at battles that will happen less often.  By the time I'd finished the last shard I was on I had a very powerful army.  Play around with different heroes and find one that fits your playstyle.To get started  I watched a couple of videos, played a couple of very short custom games to get the hang of it, and then started the campaign (it's long, and takes you to many different 'shards').I love that this game is different, so much to do, and a huge combination of choices.  It's terrific.  I haven't encountered any bugs either, but most of them were probably soon after release, which is why I bought this version of Eador and not the latest one  just yet.  Read reviews on Rock Paper Shotgun andSpaceSector.com, then add 4 years for bug fixing."
76561198018412499,Recommended,232050,25906313,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,OffMyLawn,"I picked up this game because Heroes VII was so terrible when it was first released - I had been pumped to grab Heroes VII, but I was driven to look at alternatives.  Eador MOTBW (along with Sorcerer King) looked like they might fit the bill.My first impression of Eador was ""this is kind of like the HOMM series, but different""; that impression persists to this day.  My first attempt at playing Eador was symied by my lack of understanding of the overall campaign mission; I stopped for a while.  When I returned to it, I had done a bit of reading and the game made much more sense.Pros:  Great combat mechanics, great visuals overall, great soundtrack.Cons:  One last remaining hard-crash bug; it seems to pop up after I've loaded saved games multiple times in a single setting.  Closing out of the game and opening again always fixes it.  Autosave prevents any significant loss of progress.  The only other con is campaign strategy-related (spoiler here):Following the ""Erdu"" path, it was not obvious to me that I had to go to shard after shard, finding and battling random locations containing ""demons"" or ""demonologists"" until I reached 100% ... but I eventually figured it out..Overall, it's an excellent game, and I'm certain I will go back and replay it (having multiple success paths and endings helps with this)!"
76561198084665620,Recommended,232050,26152863,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,So Typical,Really love this game. So many different variable to accurately describe this game. Overall it's a great turn-based strategy game.
,Recommended,232050,26044646,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Griffildur,"Very nice little game, challenging and requires quite a bit of thought and planning. The beginning is always hard as random events can affect you a lot, but once you get past that stage and build a strong economy, the events are no longer an issue. I love the province locations / quests and units and the way they level up. Some of the gear you can get is ridiculously powerful.Give this game a chance but learn how to play or you will be defeated by the AI easily."
76561198018090675,Not Recommended,232050,8560306,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,WarmDampHugs,"Utterly broken. Was plagued by pointer errors, no longer even starts.Further, the developer simply abandoned the game once it became clear that their code was going to be hell to untangle.Avoid both the game and the developer."
76561197993617026,Recommended,232050,10148923,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Eothese,"A long time ago I wrote.Nice game, and seemed to be bug free before the patch. Multiplayer is only the custom battles though, so not everything it pretends to be.Now multiplayer is fully implemented. The game is stable in single player, very few crashes. Auto save to the rescue.Its a great little 4x game, not your generic 'Hey, lets rip off Civ!'I can come back to it time and again, for a long game or short."
76561198050556227,Recommended,232050,27415354,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,lielmanis22,"It's a great game, not regret for a minute or every hour you spend playing it. Try and will not regret that you start playing."
76561198010069501,Not Recommended,232050,18272768,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,aholowitz,"It's a wonderful game that simply has too many bugs/crashes and is more or less abandoned by the developers. I'd pay another ten bucks to have someone 'finish' it, but that'll never happen. Sad! Don't buy - once you love it and you realize that it'll never be what you want it to be (a working full game) you'll be frustrated no end."
,Recommended,232050,467701,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,iAMThatVincent,"This game is very interesting and easy to get into. Elements of strategy, rts, and rpg."
76561198015036076,Recommended,232050,33216876,Posted: 3 July,all,Dalquist,Steep learning curve but if you tough it out you'll discover a great game.
76561198076205586,Recommended,232050,33351383,Posted: 7 July,all,Acuru,Better than Heroes 3
,Recommended,232050,33501911,Posted: 13 July,all,Mitvailer,"A very nice strategy game.To capture a shard (win a game), you have to defeat all the lords fighting for it. You will build your stronghold, improve your provinces, have their population grow.You can choose heroes between 4 base classes (there are advanced classes on level 10, and maybe others later, didn't reach level 20 in a game yet), use them to explore the lands so more people can settle in and to find dungeons, fight in dungeons to get loot, conquer other provinces and capture the ennemy stronghold. Your hero can lead an army of several units, use magical spells, hold powerful items, all that depending on what you can get (units, spells and items), and what your hero can handle. Some heroes are great fighters, either in melee or range, some have powerful spells, and other are quite useless in the fight, but can have a mighty army to do all the job.Upon level up, your hero will automatically improve one of his trait (health, stamina, attack, etc.), and you can choose between 3 randomly selected skills matching your hero class. Your units can level up too, which will give you the choice between 2 traits or new skills for it, depending of the unit type (they don't get a free trait improvement, contrary to your heroes)There are also nice role play events, with always several choices, that can happen upon exploring a province with a hero or randomly in a province at the end of the turn. The same choice in two same events may lead do different results.Sadly, the AI cheats a lot, which is especially annoying in the early game, where you often develop slowly while the other Lords can expand much faster. It doesn't prevent from getting very nice games, and you will always find a difficulty level that will fit to you :)The campaign has an interesting story, there are also choices to be made, especially what kind of ruler you want to be, and the relationship you want to build with the others. You can also interact diplomatically with other great rulers during a shard conquest. The campaign is about conquering many shards, and capturing even a tiny or small shard will take you several hours, so you can play this game for a very long time, totally worth the investment ^^Compared to Eador : Genesis, you mainly have a new user interface, and I think, new events and units (I switched to this one after playing only a few tens of hours to Eador : Genesis). I think it is really worth buying it anyway, may it only be for the user interface ^^"
76561198067749777,Recommended,232050,29913428,Posted: 13 February,all,Altoidmintz,I love this game. 4X with a unique epic campaign spin.
76561197972718105,Recommended,232050,18620291,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,pinkGrendel,"FIRSTLY, be warned that as of the time of this review the mouse is broken in various monitor configurations; after spending heaps of time try to fix it with game settings, a helpful chap gave the tip of right clicking on the EXE and going to the compatibility tab and checking the ""Disable display scaling on HDPI displays"".Great game that fills the perfect gap between RPG and 4X. Not 100% sold on the aesthetic of the landscape terrains but you don't really notice that after a while."
76561198025906143,Recommended,232050,29771301,Posted: 7 February,all,8-bit,"I write this review as a positive with recommendation, but also with a caveat.The game is fun overall, even if it is somewhat repetitive. Enter a new world with a weak hero and basic town, spend a few hours leveling up and conquering it, and then start over. New world, new heroes, same challenge.Where I find fault is that in the campaign there is little to no guidance about how to win the campaign. What are the victory conditions? No one seems willing to write about that aspect, either, I guess for fear of spoilers. So you kind of have to figure out what you must do to win, and if you don't...well, your 100+ hours in a campaign can end instantly. At least there's an achievement for failing."
,Recommended,232050,29770696,Posted: 7 February,all,Zakis,Just one more turn..
76561198005705977,Recommended,232050,30280296,Posted: 2 March,all,Eddie,"Hundreds of hours played, still yet to complete a campaign. Which may sound like a negative but it's not - there's just that much to do in the game.I set it down for a couple of months and then come back and get addicted again. One of the best strategy / RPG hybrids I've played sing HOM&M was good."
76561197973017971,Recommended,232050,33665787,Posted: 19 July,all,jesterfool18,"Turn-based, buggy but pleasingly complex as time goes on.  I've spent more than a bit of time playing it over the years.  You'll never finish the campaign, but you'll probably start a new one every few months after a few adult drinks.  Worth a buy when it's on sale, in my opinion."
76561198009339413,Recommended,232050,33915980,Posted: 30 July,all,Tema,"I like this game. It might seem repetitive, and I am not sure if the balance is good or not, but it creates a unique atmosphere and sets up my mood in a very good way"
76561198007656212,Recommended,232050,34061605,Posted: 6 August,all,jnuechte,"I have enjoyed Eador as much as I enjoyed Heroes of Might and Magic III which is saying something because that was in my opinion the best game of this genre ever made. I have liked others and the sequels to M&M, but Eador added some new concepts that I have not seen anywhere else."
,Not Recommended,232050,9989567,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Rykari,"Good game, needs to fix those bugs though.I've changed this to would not recommend due to their consistantly PISSPOOR connectivity issues.Devs. Stop dicking around with servers and just let us coop with friends. You clearly can't manage it in a professional manner."
76561198063851029,Recommended,232050,33162695,Posted: 2 July,all,DarkH,"Eador Masters of the Broken World is a TSRPG (Turn-base Strategy Role Playing Game), we are a God that willingly decided to experience a mortals life and then ascended once again but this time with no memory of our past immortal life.With that said the premise is quite open to whatever story you want yourself to experience, there are consequences for whatever behaviour you display while managing your Heros in the Mortal plane or even in the Astral Plane where you can befriend or not other Gods or Demi-Gods.One thing i like in this game is how long the game is, eventhough it's quite long for most people i find it to be fitting considering we are a God who witnesses several Mortal lives, in short eternity, to actually decide what we truly want to do."
