user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,232430,14004783,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Simmy,"*WARNING* This review contains spoilersSo back in the year 2013 Gone Home was getting an incredible amount of praise from various video game critics. Due to this I decided to give indie developer Fullbright's title a whirl. After having played through the game though, I found out how overhyped this game truly is. It didn't come close to what some of these critics were claiming it was. They acted as if it was something turely amazing and worthy of title game of the year. Let me tell you here first, It is by no means worthy of such a prestigious title like that. It's actually an insult to the gaming industry for it to even be considered for game of the year in my opinion.The only thing you even do in this so-called ""game"" is walk throughout a house looking for clues/specific items that when interacted with will trigger voice recordings from Kaitlin's ""missing"" sister. When the recordings are triggered they will give you some small backstory on your sister and they will also give you a hint as to where you can find the next clue/item. This is what the entire game consists of and it became repetitious rather quickly. It got so repetitious to the point where the game became a chore to complete.Now repetitious gameplay isn't Gone Homes only flaw, It also has a terribly uneventful conclsuion. Before I go on to talk about that though, let me give you a brief premise of the story first. You play as Kaitlin Greenbriar who returns home to find her parents house empty. Her mom, dad, and sister are all no where to be found. YOU and only YOU must find out what happened to her family.Now that we're all caught up, let's talk about the games uneventful conclusion I spoke of. Obvious SPOILERS ahead. So it turns out Kaitlin's mom and dad are not actually missing but happen to be on a camping trip while she decides to return home. So it's just a case of she's at the wrong place, at the wrong time. Very captivating ending so far right?  So if something so interesting is going on with Kaitlin's parents something equally as interesting must be happening to her adorable little sister as well right?  Well, let's dive right into it. The reason Kaitlin's sister is no where to be found is because she decided to run away while her parents were on their camping trip due to her being in a homosexual relationship in which they didn't approve of. Yes, she ran away with her girlfriend and also decided to drop out of high school to live happily ever after in La La Land. How anyone can find this to be a good conclusion to a mytstery title is beyond me.This ending left me so unsatisfied. It is just so bland, boring, and anticlimactic. The ending did not pay off, plain and simple. I have watched episodes of Scooby Doo with more interesting endings than this for crying out loud.I truely believe the ending to this game is the entire reason Gone Home got any recognition from the critics. It really has to be because this game surely does not have reviting gameplay. It got the recognition and universal praise simply because it tackled a controversial subject like homosexuality. The ending to Gone Home  just me left exremely unsatisfied and nothing more. How so many critics thought the ending was ""great"" will alawys be a mystery to me. It just angers me that critics were most likely praising Gone Home  just because it tackled a controversial subject all while they ignore the games biggest problem, repititious uneventful gameplay.Now this game left me disappointed in many ways but what I am disappointed by the most though is that this game could have been truely great if it went in more interesting direction. Gone Home had a truely great atmosphere, it really did. There were creeks, faint creepy voices, and thunderstrkes that would all occur as you would walk throughout the house finding the clues. The first half of the game even hinted at the paranormal and seemed as if it were going to go in a completely different more interesting direction. However, instead of taking full advantage of the great atmopshere and making this a great mystery title Fullbright decided to go with an uninteresting teenage love story. It really saddens me.So in conclusion I somewhat enjoyed the beginning of Gone Home due to its a great atmosphere but the games unintersting ending and its very repetitive gameplay left me throughly disappointed. So in humble opinion this game isn't worth buying by any means. It definitly isn't worth the $20 price tag that's for sure.TL;DR: This game has very repetitious gameplay, has a very anticlimactic uninteresting ending, and is terribly overrated by critics. AVOID"
,Not Recommended,232430,10929778,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Chroto,"I feel I am going to get lambasted for this review but I want to be honest and give my opinion. Considering that the game has a retail price of $19.99 and yet can be beaten in just over an hour is a little absurd in my mind. That being said, I've been hearing mixed reviews on this game and I'm a sucker for a good story, so I bit the bullet and picked it up when it was discounted.I could not wait to play, turned off all the lights, put on my headphones and started up the game. The atmosphere in this game is really creepy and well done. There were so many times I felt someone was right next to me and I really started getting spooked out. Sadly, that ends what I enjoyed from the game. There are so few times I don't enjoy a video game story, but this was one of them. From the very beginning it was obvious what the big twist was going to be. I thought because of that, it had to be something else so I was excited to continue. When I found out I was right all along, I was quite disappointed.I can see why this has been getting mixed reviews, and I commend Full Bright for trying something different. Sadly in this case, the game just fell flat for me. I was really hoping I would fall on the 10/10 side of the discussion, for I hate being negative about video games. The game is hit or miss in my mind, so even though I don't recommend it, you may still enjoy it! Just know there is also the chance it will end up like it did for me =/"
76561197984776622,Not Recommended,232430,7792769,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,eternalsnows,"Gone Home is a difficult experience to describe, especially when it comes to recommending it to someone else. It's an interactive short story, and I do mean short. The script for the written notes and spoken dialog probably wouldn't amount to more than 10 pages. The characters are very broadly sketched with only the smallest hints of depth and complexity. The focus of the narrative is a really pretty mundane love story which presents little in the way of surprise.What Gone Home does well though is provide a powerful injection of 100% pure, high grade nostalgia directly into the bloodstream. Nostalgia both for childhood and adolescence in general and the 1990s in particular. A story for the ages this is not. A story for people who were teenagers in 1995? Yes. Maybe.The writing is good and the voice actor who played Sam did an excellent job. That, coupled with the introspective and tender mood, is enough to carry you through at least one playthrough (80 minutes for me). That said, there's certainly no reason to play again. In fact, when you start looking back over the experience you begin to resent the numerous red herrings whose sole purpose seemed to be to obscure the real focus of the story for as long as possible.In the end I found Gone Home to be atmospheric and touching in a simplistic way, but also fundamentally shallow. The asking price of $19.99 is way, way too high. I'd recommend purchasing only when a big sale comes along, and then only if you're a fan of this genre of entertainment."
,Not Recommended,232430,12322659,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Mico Selva,"A nice concept, but ultimately the game is too short and not interesting enough to warrant the $20 price tag. You can rent better films for cheaper which will do the same thing and much more. Still, may be worth getting at heavy discount if someone likes drama/mystery type stories.On a side note, the main plot point seems a bit outdated, which is probably why the game is set in the 90s, when it was more relevant. It is not possible to get into details without spoilers, but I was pretty disappointed at how weak the overall message turned out to be."
,Not Recommended,232430,17049279,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Classified,"So many positive reviews from critics and review sites on this game, but in my opinion it's not a good game at all.New York Times called it the ""Best love story ever told in a video game"".. That is just an utter lie and a downright insult to the ocean of games with beautiful love stories told in them.Story is cute sure, but in the end it is shallow and dissapointing. The atmosphere is good and sometimes even creepy, though it's not supposed to be. As for gameplay there is none, just walking and rotating objects. The whole game is over in less than 2 hours and there is no replay value.Only worth buying on sale if you're having a boring night,"
,Not Recommended,232430,15258581,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,josh,"I really did give this game a chance. I disregarded all the negative hype and just tried the experience for myself. Having beaten the game in about 2 hours I can tell you that it's not worth any amount of money. There is no sense of resolution at the end - what happened with Ranger Rick? What was the crime that the former owner of the house committed? All of these were just never wrapped up and at the end really just left me hanging. I can't recommend this game, I finished it once and have no intention of returning to it. It's short, has no resolution, and isn't even properly optimized."
,Not Recommended,232430,12705195,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,kaocrat,"An interesting exercise in environmental storytelling. Gone Home is a first-person exploration game taking place inside a single abandoned house filled with the memorabialia of its former inhabitants . You pick up objects and examine them for clues as to how to proceed. You'll read through lots of notes, scrapbooks, and other pieces of written material, which will serve as clues/puzzle pieces as well as convey details about the story. Picking up certain objects or entering certain rooms will trigger a voiceover which also explains the story to you. The interface is similar to the Amnesia and Penumbra games, in that you'll use the mouse to pick up and rotate objects, as well as close or open doors, closets, and drawers as you rummage through the house. It's well put together but by the time you get to the end of it you'll really feel like you've wasted your time. The story doesn't develop much, and since you're uncovering snippets of information about something which has happened in the past, there isn't a lot of impact here. You as the player don't have a role in the story - you're a passive observer and there is nothing for you to actually *do* besides trying to figure out what happened.This game has received a lot of attention, both positive and negative, and a lot has been written about it. At this point it seems like most people are playing it just so that they can feel like they have an informed opinion about it. If you're one of those people who needs to know what ""Gone Home"" is all about, then sure, go ahead and play it since it's relatively short anyway. For everyone else; don't waste your time. It doesn't work as a game and as a work of art it's shallow and feels insincere."
,Not Recommended,232430,13813484,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,TraxOnDaRocks,"I know this is a storyline-based game, so I'm going to review it as one (no ''omg there is no gameplay its just walking and listening to ur character 2/10'').The ambiance is quite good. Also lots of nostalgic stuff for 90s kids, i guess.The storyline, however, is thin, and not very interesting.This game would maybe be an okay buy if it was cheaper (5 - 10 euro would be alright). But 20 euros for this? Especially considering the game can be finished in 2 hours, It's best if you skip this one.5/10"
76561197968430077,Not Recommended,232430,16658961,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,AngerMomentum,"I was really enjoying this game until I realized nothing it promised in the first half hour was actually part of the game at all. It's a house full of red herrings and a ""mystery"" that turns out to not be a mystery at all. Charging $20 for someone to read you a teenager's diary is not my idea of a good buy."
,Not Recommended,232430,8199006,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,GB.FlyveHest,"Finally got around to playing Gone Home, after hearing a lot of praise from both friends and the general gaming press, having heard ""Game of the Year"" mentioned more than once.Firstly, calling this a game, at least in the traditional sense, is doing it a great disservice, as a lot of people will expect more out of it than it delivers, it should rather be described as a digital short story (and, short as in two hours, give or take, even when you're really trying to prolong the experience) than a game.Gameplay can be described as walking into a room, meticulously going over every nook, cranny and crevice until you find a piece of information (almost always on a piece of paper), and then either listening to a short audioclip that furthers the telling of the overall story, or reading a tiny bit of information about one of the sub-plots.The main story is ok-ish, albeit very clichéed, and more or less all of the sub-plots are uninteristing and will leave you without closure, and you'll just have to speculate about the whats and whys.  I must give credit for the great voiceacting, though, the actress who voiced Sam did a pretty fantastic job throughout.Furthermore, it annoyed me immensely that a lot of the clues are found in highly illogical places, it complete breaks immersion for me to think that someone would leave information of a certain nature in a highly visible place, or that notes that are decades old would still be found where they would surely have either been destroyed, or removed by the persons living in the house.This is even more compounded by the fact that the developers have done a pretty good job of making the house seem very real, more or less all drawers, closets, microwaves etc. can be opened to search for clues, but then again, this was most probably done to further the longevity of the game, you spend a lot of time opening stuff that have no items of interest in them.All in all, I can't really recommend this game, its an interesting way to tell a story, and if the story had been better, it could really have been an experience, but as it is, this game should in no way be a contender for a GotY title."
,Not Recommended,232430,15299409,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,xxblackdog,"This is a difficult game to recommend solely because it is not the prototypical video game. It aims to tell a story, and it does it well. For the vast majority of people I know who play video games, this is not something I would recommend to them. However, if you have ~3 hours to devote to navigating a well developed environment, with tons of details and a good story to tell, then this may be for you.There are no weapons, puzzles, or dialogue options. However, the ambience provided by the environment (i.e. music, background effects like wind and rain) give you the opportunty to experience a story in an immersive and interesting way. If you don't appreciate long movies, romantic movies, or progressive trends in video game development, this game is not for you."
,Not Recommended,232430,15557078,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Video Game Knight,"I really, really wanted to like this game but I just can't. I bought it because I had seen a lot of mysterious reviews that essentially said 'you must experience it'. Well I did and I rather regret it. I can see how some people would like this game and how the story may resonate with some people but it just felt overrated to me.It is a lot of money for what it is. I usually like story-driven walkabout games if they have an interesting story but this one was just lacking. Its story is borderline cliche with no twists or surprises to boast of. You unlock the story by finding snippets of it around the house but many of the objects you can interact with do nothing to advance the plot. Essentially, I went through this game waiting for the twist end or the piece of the puzzle to make it worth it and it just never happened."
76561198086717456,Not Recommended,232430,13788957,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Freebird,"This game is overpriced, overrated and overhyped. I bought this game because the ratings on various gaming sites are good. There was a 50% off sale. But still, BIG MISTAKE."
76561198023412575,Not Recommended,232430,16484002,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,kkdude,"I honestly have no idea what the apeal of this game is. You walk around an empty house and read things/listen to a reading of your sister's diary until you reach the conclusion (which you can figure out within 5 minutes of playing) and the game ends. I finished in under 20 minutes. At least I got this on a super cheap discount. Would not reccomend, especially at the outrageous full price."
,Not Recommended,232430,16972675,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Smoothie Wolf,"I love Indie titles and I really wanted to like this game. Gameplay-wise it handles a lot like theAmnesiagames and relies heavily on it's storytelling, which is a shame because the story is so insanely dull.Piecing together the story was a great aspect and the game definitely had the potential to be an incredible horror experience.Didn't like it, but as always this is just one guy's opinion.4/10★★"
76561198046212679,Not Recommended,232430,12871784,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,MaddAdam,"It's a lot of money for a story that isn't that great. for the first half of the game every room is a little story point, and for the second half every room is a very predictable conclusion to that little story point. don't bother with it unless you are really into cliches... or it's a really good sale."
,Not Recommended,232430,12740958,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Queue,"If you scrutinize enough there won't be much trouble finding pretty much everything in the game (except I never found out what one dark room was supposed to be about). But the lighting is still painfully awful (yes, even as the sole challenging element of the game), and I won't say that the story is universally immersive or for that matter great (the voice acting was pretty good though). The story is actually pretty bad. The game is really short, in fact there should be a tag for super-short (just kidding lol). What I want to say is that even though I got it for 50% off, I still don't think it was worth the bucks. Goes to show that maybe digging what the critics say all the time may not be such a good idea after all."
,Not Recommended,232430,8350619,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Allison,"Critics contend 'Gone Home' isn't actually a game, but rather a poorly-written, angst-ridden, glorified walking simulator shamelessly pandering to third-wave feminists. Suffice it to say, these critics are indeed correct―overwhelmingly so.Ignoring common sense and logic, I purchased this game in the offshoot chance that I’d experience, at the very least, a reverberation of emotion.(Spoilers ahead.)The player controls Kaitlin 'Katie' Greenbriar, who incidentally returns from her overseas trip in Amsterdam to an abandoned château in rural Oregon. A presumably Methodist household, you are also introduced through various letters and business cards, your parents, Terrence and Janice Greenbriar. Terry is a failed author dabbling in mediocre political thrillers about JFK. He opts instead to write album reviews for a Home Theater aficionado magazine. Jan is a senior conservationist working at the local Forestry service. Her dedication to her career leads to estrangement from her family, leading her and Terry to leave that week for counseling.Katie also has a younger sister, Samantha, a fiery, sharp-tongued teenage writer who sends you on an 'adventure' to see where she’s inexplicably waddled off to. Wonderful.What follows is a menial tour of a well-designed dollhouse. Expect opening and closing doors, turning on lamps and other fixtures, searching over and under floorboards in an attempt to discover― a plot. Immersion is a touted feature by many reviewers, but not once have I felt immersed in the nostalgia-filled world of '95. All the proclivities and details in these rooms are offset by their distractingly mindboggling placements. (Tell me, who in their right mind would leave private letters randomly scattered all around their house?)The plot revolves around your sister and her acceptance of being hopelessly in love with Lonnie, an army brat and oddly enough, a rebellious punk rocker. They go to costume parties and riot grrl concerts, dye their hair, and protest patriarchy in all forms. Eventually, they kiss and thus sets the stage for their ill-fated Shakespearean tragedy. This not-so-subtle progression of sappy lesbian love is doled out over a painful length of an hour and a half.Then the game just ends. Lonnie elopes with Sam, abandoning her duties as a servicewoman and wanders listlessly throughout the New English coast. A misplaced hodgepodge of saccharine, sentimentalist music swells over the credits to provide a supposed, illusionary feeling of a heartfelt and revelatory experience.If you’re going to make a narrative-driven 'game' about the characters, make sure we actually get to know them first. Not through what we’re told about them, but through actual experiences that the character, as well as you and I, experience. Real emotional connections are possible in games, but not through the use of force or tedium. This trend of masturbatory, preachy kitsch (Dear Esther, BioShock Infinite, Dream) should be quickly stamped out and be replaced with games of genuine heart and depth. Don't give these hacks your hard-earned money."
76561197992801175,Not Recommended,232430,9116363,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,fabio,"A big warning sign was how this game received universal praise from critics, but low scores from user reviews. I smelled ""a game for the critics"" art experiment.I'm fine with short games. I'm fine with stories with little to no actual gameplay. I'm fine with short stories with no actual gameplay if the story is any good. This is not a good story. It's hard to explain exactly why without spoiling anything, so I will put the spoiler at the end.The thing about this game is that it's built entirely on false dread. It tries very very hard to make you believe there's supernatural horror elements at work. The official blurb describes it as a mystery. Within the first minute of gameplay, you find a note on the front door begging you to not find the missing people and mysterious answering machine messages of some frantically sobbing girl. Written notes of mysterious shadows, possible ghost sightings, flickering lights, haunted house histories, and other stuff.This all turns out to phoney red herrings. The ending is one big ""LOL just kidding"" and you feel ripped off. If you took away all the false dread, no one would finish the game because the actual story is just too boring. Stories can be very effective with red herrings, tone shifts, and subverting expectations, but in Gone Home's case it's all just so tacked on and phoney. The supernatural mystery elements desperately wave their arms around like a rodeo clown trying to distract you from the fact that it's all just a mundane story about dumb teenagers.The one thing the game does well is recreating a house of the mid 90s. I think this is where a lot of the praise comes from as critics were suckered in by cheap nostalgia thrills of seeing Street FIghter II references, Super Nintendo games, VHS libraries, X-Files posters, and Riot Grrrl fliers. Maybe the game's creators have a bright future in retro interior decorating, but not in writing or game-making.$20 is insane for this. $5 would have been about right if the ending didn't leave you feeling cheated. I can only recommend this game if you want to spend $5 (no more) for a virtual 90s household simulator.SPOILER: So you find out very early on that your sister is a lesbian and took her new best friend from school as a lover. Fine, whatever. I thought Brokeback Mountain and Blue is the Warmest Color were very well done movies so I have no problem with a homosexual love story. Gone Home is not a good story. Whereas Brokeback and BitWC focused on the conflicts of the relationship, Gone Home just rolls around in it like a pig in the mud. There's no meaningful conflict to it and the end makes nothing of the fact that Sam just threw away her 75% scholarship and her girlfriend is now a wanted felon for going AWOL. It's like a more ridiculous veresion of the ending to The Graduate, and even that movie acknowledged the end as farce. It's manipulative, it's dishonest, and it avoids any conflict because the authors seem to think that giving lesbian characters or relationships any flaws would make them bigots rather than human.Just go watch Blue is the Warmest Color for a much better version of the same story. You get to see meaningful conflicts and a more honest look at relashionships that explores the ups AND the downs. The movie also features exactly as much gameplay as Gone Home, and won't cost $20."
,Not Recommended,232430,7760959,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,no,"I purchased this game with the expectation of a short, 2 to 3 hour experience, held together with a good story that I would uncover myself, and plenty of 90's nostalgia items to play with as I explored the house and discovered interesting things about the family that lives there.What I got was a 60 minute tour of a boring house, in which I got to pick up some items, while the story was narrated by a voice-over.I can see how some people would be moved by the story, but it really has no depth to it.I definitley wouldn't reccomend buying this for over $5."
76561197997752428,Not Recommended,232430,10521890,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,OneScoop,"What starts with a nice atmosphere and budding love story rapidly devolves into ""Find X key"" puzzles, with the (to start) well written love story rapidly devolving into saccharine worthy of the worst Teenage Romance movies.Also, 19.99 for barely an hours worth of gameplay."
76561198025305513,Not Recommended,232430,7761742,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Rush LeRoux,"Where do I begin with is one?I basically bought into the hype.  Most of the major video game websites (i.e. IGN, Kotaku, etc) gave it a 10/10, and/or stated Gone Home was a, ""must play."" The fact that Gone Home could be beaten within a time span of 2-3 hours got my attention, and even though I'm not much of a horror/thriller fan, I decided I wanted to put my mettle to the test.It's amazing how our current generation of gaming no longer needs a 30-60 hour play through to give us some emotional experience or meaningful thought.  I love Journey, the Unfinished Swan is good for all ages, and who would argue against Telltale's Walking Dead series? Unfortunately, Gone Home is not that memorable: it's a game with the facade of a haunted house, but it's only when you reach the end do you feel the disappointment and general weakness.  Gone Home (without spoiling too much) acts as more of a ""Dear Diary..."" than Amnesia or Slender.  Sure Gone Home has the classic setting of an empty cabin in the woods during a thunderstorm, but the ending is a bait-and-switch that tries to shoe-horn in something corny, than something a little more scary--an actual poltergeist or serial killer would've been a welcomed site.I bought Gone Home for $20, and I've regretted it ever since.  Gone Home isn't even worth a Steam sale.  If you really want play it, find someone who bought into the hype (like me) and ask to play it off of their Steam account or PC.  Trust me, you'll save some money, and you can thank me for it later."
,Recommended,232430,27045395,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Buster Nut,"Mistakenly bought this believing it was a horror game. Instead of being scared, I fell in love.10/10 would cry again."
76561197993862065,Not Recommended,232430,24587424,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,IceHippo,"Far too short for the money[NOTE: If you're looking at reviews cause you saw spoilers to the plot, then you probably decided you want to get it already. In that case, at least wait until it goes on sale]The game designers bill this as a ""Story exploration video game"" (see trailer), I'd call it a walking simulator with a few puzzles thrown in, so don't expect a typical puzzle/adventure gameStory: Some people will think it is utterly fantastic, some will be disapointed -- not much middle ground here. The premise is that you arrive home from a year abroad expecting to meet your parents and sister at your house, but no one seems to be there...Atmostphere and graphics: very good, they hit all sorts of 90's references very well. A few years ago this game defined what ""walking simulators"" are.Puzzles: I felt there were too few of them for the price of the game. Again, this is a walking simulator. If you are expecting a puzzle game you will be disappointed.Length: a few hours, a little more if you want to solve and explore everything.Call it a very nice 90's-era walking simulator with an interesting backstory and a little bit of puzzles thrown in. If you are looking for a puzzle game, don't pay more than a few dollars for it, maybe $5 if you're really into 90's America references or you want to take a chance on a game with no pre-conceived notions on what the plot is going to be. If you are really looking for a walking simulator, then you probably would enjoy it more (but I still can't see paying anywhere near full price).On the bright side, this title goes on sale periodically, so if you are patient you can get it cheaply."
,Not Recommended,232430,12755440,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,That Darn Engie,"I bought this during the Halloween sale for $9.99 and I gotta say... I kind of wish I hadn't.I got 111 minutes playtime out of it, and that was with exploring everything and leaving absolutely no stone unturned. The game was okay, the eerie atmosphere was okay, the story was okay... But overall left me feeling disappointed. The scariest moment I had whilst playing happened when the lightbulb in the room I was sitting in blew itself out of the fixture in my ceiling (in other words, this game is not scary in the slightest, the wiring in my house however...).It had some good ideas, but just felt a bit lackluster :("
,Not Recommended,232430,17045211,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Ppv,Is there a way i can get a refund for this ?I'd rather eat the 20 $ i spent.
76561198104793464,Not Recommended,232430,12674701,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,chrisreynoldsaz,"Overrated. Boring. Dull. Nothing redeeming about this game. I thought there was going to be a horror twist, but I was wrong. The ""twist"" was nothing short of awful."
76561197961408942,Not Recommended,232430,8024134,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,LUV U,"Has an intriguing love story that many may appreciate including myself. However, the tone of the game presents itself to be something entirely different. I was expecting a horror murder mystery about why your family is missing from the house or perhaps the uncle is some evil ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ trying to come back. No, instead we get a story which revolves around a teenage girls love diary. Nothing about this game is form fitting."
76561198003069510,Not Recommended,232430,15866081,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,HarVeeGee,"Hipster walking simulator/""interactive experience"" with a mildly affecting story that the game poops out on you every so often for doing jack♥♥♥♥♥♥My favourite part is how the whole game is steeped in this horror/mystery atmosphere which the developers have not managed (or even attempted, really) to make gel with the actual type of story the game is telling. There are no twists - it's a story that keeps moving in a straight line when you think it's going to zig or zag - and it almost feels like the horror flavouring is a cheap device to cover up the lack of depth in gameplay and the manner in which the narrative is delivered.The $20 retail price is actually offensive, as a value proposition. Very, very glad I got it for not much in a Steam sale."
76561198061891669,Not Recommended,232430,7909040,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,pergov,"Huge spoilers ahead.If you heard that Gone Home is ovverrated and overpriced, well, they told you the truth. The idea is not bad, I kinda liked the 90s look, but Gone Home fails as an art-game. It has not the literary charm of Dear Esther, nor an original concept, like the Stanley parable. It tries to tell a moving story, but I really didn't enjoy it. Maybe it's just me, but come on, a 16 years old girl running away with her girlfriend? That's a terrible thing to happen, and not touching at all! I was irresponsible at that age, everyone is, the ending is plain sad. I don't want to sound like a bigot, but think about it, what will happen to them? If Samantha really cared about Lonnie she would have to just let her go. Because losing your 16 years old girlfriend is not a tragedy at all, and i'm sure everyone can agree with that, unless you're still 16. The story the game tells it's actually realistic, in such a situation the two girls could act like they did in the game, but if you're mature enough, you just can't agree with their decision.That's why I didn't enjoy the story, but looks like there's a lot of people who enjoyed it, and maybe I'm wrong. Who knows.Sorry for my bad english."
,Not Recommended,232430,7964156,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Sageheart,"Gone Home does a great job of setting up an eerie atmosphere and then does absolutely nothing to deliver on it. It fairly quickly becomes apparent that the creepiness is meant as a misdirect and all those dark empty rooms hold little more than 90's nostalgia and a coming of age story that borrowed a little too heavily from the typical ""movie of the week"" schtick. Which is an even more apt comparsion considering how little playtime the game offers, because about the length of your average TV movie (minus commercial breaks) is about all you'll get out of this title.Still, I wouldn't go so far as to the game entirely bad. It may be short and predictable, but the time you do spend playing is mostly enjoyable. But not nearly enough to be worth the price. If you enjoy 90's nostalgia and low intensity exploration then wait until they put this game on sale, if you can catch it under $5 it might be worth the investment. Otherwise save your money and time and give this game a pass."
76561198019211441,Not Recommended,232430,13644111,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,newvvv,A videogame equivalent of an oscar bait
,Not Recommended,232430,7809262,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,emlan,"Don't excpect any puzzles or hidden secrets to discover, if you have ever read a livejournal or tumblr entry where a teen talks about how their parents totally don't get them you have already played the game. Cute enough to walk around in if you get it for free but definitely not worth any money."
76561197978292609,Not Recommended,232430,8317342,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,.F:Chaos$!,"It was a reasonable enough game.  (Well made, good sound, good story telling components)  Unfortunately, it just wasn't my style of game.  The end, while it was nice and a well crafted story, left me wanting content it seemed to promise from the start.  That said, I would recommend this title only for people who just want to have a story told to them.  While I love a good story, the lack of puzzles / riddles / anything I enjoy left me wanting more from this title."
,Recommended,232430,32636191,Posted: 22 June,all,TooterFishPopkin,"I purchased this game because I wanted another story driven game like Life is Strange. I really enjoyed it. I like how you keep expected the house to be haunted but what the house is really haunted by is a bit depressing. It's simple, but it's short so it doesn't wear out its welcome. A nice little game if you like an emphasis on story. Good to play on a lazy, rainy day. Definitely pick it up if you see it on sale and you think you might like that sort of thing."
,Not Recommended,232430,7954469,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,392Echo,"Uhhh, I'm so confused after finishing this game. I don't know if that's really it, or if I missed 80% of what i was supposed to find...(EDIT:12/29 I honestly tried to enjoy this game, it just went in a direction which left me very disappointed. I'm an engineering student, and what that means....is I tend to enjoy solving anything, along with nearly always taking a very logical and ""data gathering"" approach as someone said; that is just the kind of person I am. That being said, if you are also that kind of person.....I can almost gurantee you won't enjoy this game. If you are more ""in touch with your emotions"" I can see how you could enjoy this game...I can also see how you could fall in love with the story, but as a game....I just can't say it's any good. Like I went on to say in the review, it's essentially a short audio clip from youtube...It's a ""cute"", ""good"" little story, but that's where this game decided to go. It never expands, it never dives into all the possibilities they threw in there. It leads you on a very straight forward path ( figuratively ) which you are forced into. This game isn't for me, and I would never recommend someone buying it. END EDIT 12/29)** SPOILERS **All you do is spend 15-20 min progressing through the story of your little sister, which you can tell 2 minutes (or 5 into the game realistically) how it's going to unfold. You spend all this extra time reading about the past of the house and hearing about how it's haunted. I did have ""1"" light go out as I was walking past it though, super creepy, super sarcasm. Anyways, the story is ""good""...but honestly, if you're over 12....you've probably heard stories like it or have seen tv shows which gloss over the idea of everything. It's very cliche, at least that's how i feel.You can youtube the entire storyline/diary I'm sure if you want to save $8 or however much it costs. Or you can buy Amnesia and play through the same kind of game, but have it be worth it."
,Not Recommended,232430,24637142,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Nudiustertian,"This review contains no spoilers.The tags on this should have warned you from the beginning, but just in case: this is not a game, it's another ""walk around and explore everything, eventually leading to a conclusion"" type of experience.Gone Homehas a main story that unfolds in linear fashion as you explore the surroundings, and also a lot of background detail that tells you more about these people you never interact with. All the characters actually have quite a bit of backstory, not just the one the story focuses on, and it's easy to miss all the little hints and clues that tell you everything there is to know about this world, so it's not quite as linear as your movements.However, that still doesn't mean it's worth $20 at full price; there's just not enough substance to justify it. At $4 on sale, you could go for it if you really like these kinds of harmless, non-twitchy explore type interactive experiences. If you're open to it, and you like thinking about fictional people and what their lives could be like, well, you might even get your money's worth. The hard decision for me is whether I recommend it, and I'll have to go with ""no"". It's not terrible by any means, it's a charming little slice of life experience, but it's awfully short, and the emotional and narrative payoff is really too paltry. If I'd read this as a story or watched it as a TV show, I wouldn't have walked away satisfied, and dressing it up as a game doesn't change that."
,Not Recommended,232430,7973739,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,DaringVulpix™,"I was dissatisfied with my original review of this game, so I deleted it and wrote this as a replacement.I love a good story in a video game. I'm all for LGBT rights; I'm bisexual myself. Gone Home has easily one of the worst stories in a video game I have played to date.The game's two cenrtral characters, Sam(antha) and Lonnie, are completely one-dimensional and Lonnie's sole purpose seems to be being loved while Sam is the lover, and the two both seem to have been created to appease the media and Social Justice Warriors. Disgusting. On top of that, the relationship the two get into is almost too perfect, with barely any tension and only mild interference between their parents and Lonnie leaving to join the military. There's the whole ""Waaaaaah my parents don't support it!"" thing and, again, Lonnie leaving Sam to join the military, which makes Sam sad, but saying that gives the game's love story depth is like saying a kiddie pool can be as deep as the ocean. The mansion you explore is boring and aside from looking for clues left behind by Sam, there's no real point in exploring. You do hear creepy sounds such as creaking or thunder occasionally, but it just seems there to try scaring you. The house remains pretty boring throughout your wandering. To their credit, though, some of the noises did catch me off guard a few times.The game also heavily relies on 1990s nostalgia, being set in 1995; cassette tapes (le only 1990s kids remember dis xDDDDDDDDDD) featuring '90s songs are strewn throughout the house and there's even a Super Nintendo with several games, and Sam mentions Street Fighter II several times in her writings. I'm a '90s kid (born 1993) and didn't feel nostalgic about them at all. Mostly because I still own a lot of these things, I don't need a video game to give me nostalgia over the era I grew up in when I'm perfectly capable of giving myself this nostalgia.Oh, and the ending... one of the biggest disappointments in gaming. Basically, Sam runs away from home so she can be with Lonnie forever after Lonnie goes AWOL, just before she goes to Basic Training. Why? Because they wanted to get away from their families and all their troubles and live a perfect life together or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't even care that this is spoiling it, it's just bad.This game is just garbage and doesn't deserve the praise it gets from the media. One-dimensional characters with artificial development, a boring house and trying to ride on '90s nostalgia. It's just... ugh. Not worth it."
,Not Recommended,232430,12937208,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,The_Camper,"Before I begin, I'd like to remind everyone this game is twenty dollars.I beat this ""game"" in 90 minutes. Does that sound like it's worth the price? Gone Home has been sitting on my hard rive for more than a year, and today I learn why.I'll start with what I liked, since the experience was more like a template to fill something much larger and far more intriguing. The set design was good, as were the object locations. Strange that I should comment about that, but everything makes sense as to where you find it.On that note, they do a fantastic job of making this house a home. You really understand people live here and their little quirks and habits are present everywhere. The argument between mother and daughter on the cork board was a nice touch.The sound design is also very well done for the atmospheric touch and constantly had me listening to every little bump and creak in as I made my through the house.I can tell this is a character-driven drama and one that takes the writer's heart and soul, so I'd heavily recommend the writer adapt this to a screenplay or short story. A short film would be a much better use of a subject matter that clearly means so much to the designers.Thus it pains to have to say what I'm about to say.This is worth ten dollars, and that's strecthing it. There's NO payoff at the end. The whole time the story is building to something, but the overwhelming majority of all the interesting bits turn out to be mostly red herrings. If I may compare this to Alone in the Dark: the New Nightmare for a second. In that game, there were books worth of story detailing the history of the island, the Morton family, the Abkanis culture and religion, Carnby himself, and even the corrupt Bureau 713. Little of it was actually necessary, but to gain a full understanding and context for the events of the story, you needed to read all of it. In Gone Home, all but one of the characters are dropped, and everyone else had equally interesting stories. The biggest letdown comes about an hour in after you've been expecting a turn to some type of survival horror or even suspense. Instead, I'll give you a nice spoiler I noticed as soon as I started: there is no ""run"" key.I'd probably understand who was who better if I had more frequent exposure to character's faces. Instead, I have to fumble with names, and I'm terrible with names alone.As you traverse the house in a fashion similar to Castlevania but far more contrived (it's called ""padding"" ladies and gents) you'll notice the art style actually changes. Later, you'll stumble upon half-eaten potato chip bags with fresh-lock clips. The clips look like they're from a different game altogether with a notable drop in textures and model detail. One thing that threw me on characters was how portraits and photos supposedly showed the people, but each time it was like a different artist rendition. When you first start the game, go to the left side of the stairs and look at the family portrait. Notice how the girls appear to be in a completely different style from the father?I spent most of my ""investigation"" wrestling with god-forsaken controls. I ended up spinning several times and getting hung up on doors. Navigating becomes a pain when you need to worry about boxes, which are EVERYWHERE. The game flat out tells you when you need to use certain commands in a given room, almost remosing the need for player input. In order to sift through the multitude of ultimately meaningless documents, post cards and notes, you need to select them on the tables or in the drawers. The ""crosshairs"" to do this are so specific, you WILL need to hold the little four-pixel dot in the center of your screen over absolutely everything just to make sure you don't miss anything. The ""Scooby-Doo Effect"" cherished by classic horror fans that told you something was usable is absent, which means opening a drawer does not make it obvious if something is in there you can use or read. You have to 1 be close enough, and 2 carefully move your pointer over every single scrap of paper in the jumbled mess of things in the drawer.That's another thing. When you open a door, cabinet, or drawer, you, the character, can actually block the door from opening all the way, creating the illlusion of a jammed door when all you really need to do is step to the side. And here I thought Slender: the Arrival's click-dragging doors was annoying.There are no puzzles, minimal characters, about a half-dozen dropped side stories, controls that basically fight you with with a combination of OCD and ADHD, and an ending you see coming a mile away. This game is not worth the price tag and I'm happy I got it on sale last year."
,Not Recommended,232430,364336,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,RingRaul,"From a technical standpoint, this game was really well made for an indie dev. Good sense of immersion and there are tons of things around the house that let you get a feel for what is going on in the story. However, the story is absolutely terrible. It seems like the story is geared for junior high students oozing angst. The ending was so outlandish that it made suspension of disbelief impossible. The game could have been so much better if they would have focused on one of the family members with actual problems instead of the teenage drama queen who just needs to get over herself. 4/10"
,Not Recommended,232430,7801191,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Shadow Streak,"I have heard lots of praise about this game shortly following it's release, it received high reviews and general positivity all around. I decided to ignore all the commentary after that to make sure I had the greatest expereince I could possibly have by preventing myself of reading spoilers and all decussion in general by just ignoring all threads about this game. Has that given me high expectations on the game? Possibly, but I've learned that many of the reviews are extremely mixed on this game. And I can easily understand why.I wont spoil the story since it does have it's positives, so I'll keep it vague. The story itself is extremely well acted and flows well for an indie game, but the game is extremely linear akin to ""Dear Esther"" where there isn't any actual gameplay  other than walking from Point-A to Point-B. It is indeed a very relaxing game that requires little to no player requirements other than being able to listen and pick things up occasionally. The story itself is rather bland with a predictable and cliched plot that you can figure out in the first 20 min that only becomes surprising in the last 15 seconds of the game. And even then it's not too surprising. Many of the ingame items are crafted with an extremely high level of detail and flows well into the scenery of the house. But a few times things are placed in a way that make no sense on a proper timeline and are only there to complement the documents scattered about the house. Often having little to no relevance on the plot as a whole.Is this game bad? No, it's just passable. If you want to sit back, listen to a good (but not great) story for roughly 3 hours of your time. Then go for it, but I can't recommend a price point of anything higher than $5 dollars, which is what I purchased the game at. I still feel slightly burned by the price to enjoyment ratio. But I'll live. The story did have it's good points, it just had too much filler to make it shine. If the game wrapped up it's various plots into one single converging finale this game could be fantastic, but in the end, 90% of the things the game asks you to read are worthless. But that 10% is where the game really shines. It's just a victim of it's own details."
76561197996812959,Not Recommended,232430,17214738,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Vanargandr,"Gameplay was terrible; This isn't even so much a game as it is a interactive story.The story was kinda bland and predictable. A bit of nuance in the multiple layers, but overall forgettable.Mostly garnered positive opinions cuz' lesbianism.Do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,232430,24619103,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Aurora Explorer,"Well, I am not usually the one to write bad reviews for anything. Unless, the product or service is blantantly horrible. That being said: I bought Gone Home with the intention of feeling a story that would in the end leave me - philosophically and psychologically - fulfilled. My verdict: The game did not do much for me. The music is atomospheric and reminiscing, besides that I don't really have anything good to say about this game. In short, the game builds up to a very weak climax while attempting - and failing - to look nostalgic."
76561198024800552,Not Recommended,232430,8134376,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,BK2FUT-Back to the Future,"I am at odds with this game. I went into this, not knowing what it was about really. On the one hand, it challenged my gaming expectations, the conventions in games that I have become accustomed to. It led me to believe something horrific would occur at one moment or another and sent chills down my spine as I expected a physical oppossing force to stand in my way. If I'm to be honest, I feel this would be more suited to the medium of cinema than videgames as it's story turns out to be (SPOILER ALERT) a coming-of-age tale about the main character's (the player's) sister who discovers her sexuality. I found it's story somewhat pretentious and cheesy at times, feeling contrived and almost adolescent in it's attempts to tell a ""deep"" story. Once the finale reveals all, I had mixed feelings. I felt somewhat relieved, knowing that Sam (the main character's sister) was alive, I felt slighlty frustrated realising the implied JFK time-travel angle was nothing more than a writer's ideas and that the paronormal element would never be explored despite supernatural occurences being firmly implied and their aftermath shown in parts of the game.This is a game that felt far too pasive to be considered a videogame (by the scientific definition) and what I find worse still, is how everything you investigate throughout the 2 hour experience is all retrospective, there is never an impactful action by your character. That is to say, you never ever have any bearing on the story, as you are merely discovering what has already transpired. I felt relieved that this was not a horror game. I was intrigued with how it toyed with what I, as a gamer, am used to experiencing and expecting (generally negative things, like bad guy will show up or a ghost will attack etc.) but somewhat frustrated by it's pretention, trying to be a game deeper than a game.If you want a deep story in a videogame (that is actually a videogame as opposed to an interactive museum), play a ""Metal Gear Solid"", ""Red Dead Redemption"", ""Heavy Rain"" or ""The Last of Us"". If you want a far more fun ""game"" that pokes holes at gaming conventions and points out how gamers think etc., go play ""The Stanley Parable"" which uses humour rather than pretentious misdirection to show just how predictable gamers expectations can be."
76561198018241556,Not Recommended,232430,12758811,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,The Angry Goomba,"Saw the trailer while it was in development and got pretty excited for it. I finally got a chance to purchase it and dove in knowing that it would be a short, but hopefully entertaining, ride.Unfortunatly by the end of the game I felt pretty disappointed all around. The atmosphere was probably the most interesting point of the game, sadly it was not used to it's full potential. Story was a bit cliché and there was virtually no interesting gameplay."
,Not Recommended,232430,7807481,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,♥Countess Heartcall™,"Despite being a game that lists ""discovery,"" as a key gameplay facet, it basically spoonfeeds you the entire story as you wander around picking things up and looking at them. It also took less than 3 hours to complete, despite making sure to explore everywhere and pick up and look at everything.I think I actually enjoyed Dear Esther more than this game."
,Not Recommended,232430,12912208,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Normal Al,"I am so bitter about getting suckered into buying this non-game thanks to glowing early ""reviews"". 20 bucks for a one hour clickfest with an uninteresting story and zero gameplay. Don't let the reviews or spooky looking screenshots fool you, there is nothing of value here."
,Not Recommended,232430,14604885,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Beardingo,This game is the reason i don't trust games journalist review scores anymore
,Not Recommended,232430,10913513,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,あなた,not wurf
76561198124741925,Not Recommended,232430,28397109,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Butts McGee,"So I've been thinking for a while on how I feel about this game, and honestly my answer is just kind of...meh.I mean, what I like about it most is the gameplay itself.  This sort of going around, gradually uncovering a story and some mysteries, that's something I love in a game.  I love it when the world itself is interactive.  It's introspective, it's got just the right amount of cookie crumbs in the trail of plot discovery.  I'll probably replay it some time to see if I missed anything.The main problem I have is that it wasn't what it was advertised to be.  It was spun as a horror game, something seriously and deliciously spooky, with a romantic side plot.  But as I played the game, I realized the ""spookiness"" wasn't really anywhere to be found, and what had originally been made to seem as a *side* plot, was really the *main* plot.  It had set me up as expecting something entirely different to be focused on, and that just sort of soured the milk when I got to the real ending.  Where are the ghosts?  Why are there so many spooky passages and whatnot in the house?  All the threads I wanted to be tied up were left unravelled, and the one I really wasn't emotionally invested in was the only one that got resolved.But maybe that's just me.  Regardless, I really don't think it's worth the price.  Luckily for me, I got it on sale, and if you'd like to play a cute little walking sim with some nicely fleshed out teen romance, I suggest you do the same.  But as it stands, I really don't feel comfortable recommending something incorrectly advertised at such a steep price."
,Not Recommended,232430,7982218,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,ｌｏｏ（´・ω・｀）,"Gone Home, otherwise known as - Gone Home To My Gay Sister's Boring House in TexasI have to post this because this game just won VGX's best PC game award and it has such great reviews and I can't understand why. It's hugely overpriced for a game which is literally an hour long. Don't even wait until this game is cheaper to buy it, just don't buy it.The story was really dreadful, you know what's going to happen after you read the third letter and then the rest of the game seems to just drag it out for as long as possible. It's just ""person falls in love with person"" and nothing else happens, wow such depth. I have had more fun pooping than I have had experiencing the 'story' in this game. And yes, the story is important in this game, because mainly what you do is explore the house to find objects which, once examined, give you another letter which tells you more of the story. There isn't much more of an aim than that, apart from just picking up objects and examining them, which usually I find is a fun mechanic in most games but in this game it just wasn't.I think they like to think that including lesbians in the story makes it deeper than it actually is, and  they try to use that to detract from the deeply uninspired and boring story, which I think is pretty offensive. How about writing a decent story about lesbians instead? Maybe they actually deserve decent representation instead of this absolute trash half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt.The rest of the house serves as 90s nostalgia which is only interesting to Americans who were teenagers in 1995, and it just feels like it buys into the whole 'nostalgia sells' thing that's going on right now because for some strange reason people like looking back at things and claiming they were better than they really were. Which is how this game is, everyone is claiming it is better than it actually is. What is with all the positive reviews? Even giantbomb gave it a good review and I thought that usually they don't give terrible games 5/5. I mean in that review the writer literally praises it because you don't have a gun in the game. What a ♥♥♥♥ing nonce.Also, you can't jump, you press space and nothing happens and knowing you cant jump is like being robbed of my own physical legs irl and there are no mirrors in the entire house. wtf sort of house has no mirrors? ♥♥♥♥ me i'm out 2/10 at best"
76561197970666663,Not Recommended,232430,12745672,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,wipeout364,"Interesting idea but too passive and story has no payoff.  Pretends to be tense and dark at the start but ends up disappointing.  Gameplay is not existent except walking from room to room and listening to the story which was not great (although started off seeming that it would be).  I should have listened to the other reviewers, glad I only spent 10 dollars. I found it not nearly as good as Ethan Carter.  5/10."
76561198016003941,Not Recommended,232430,12948517,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,jdgonzo82,"i felt i was playing a different game to the one everyone was raving about. this game was a HUGE let down. i completed it in under 2 hours. the story is awful. the voice acting was embarrassingly cliched. the environment isn't very interactive and close to boring. the story made me very annoyed as there was no mystery, horror surprise elements. if the reviewers out there had been more clear on the content (it's a game for confused teenagers, not adults) then I would never have bought it."
,Not Recommended,232430,13771569,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,JintoLyn,"So...finished this 'game'. I found it more of a tour through a house stuck in the 90's. Had a lot of build up - stormy weather, no one home, TV's broadcasting a warning of a current storm in the area ... But this is not a horror game, it's not even a puzzle game really.To sum it up...if you want to read through a young girls' diary and about her likes, dislikes, and relationships with friends and family than go ahead and pick it up.It was not what I thought it'd be and I'm still confused at it's extremely high critic reviews. To each their own, nice atmosphere but I just can't recommend 'Gone Home' for it's price and awkward stalking of 'my' sisters journal."
76561198079414870,Not Recommended,232430,24481084,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Shahrivar,"While the atmosphere is good, the whole story felt way too predictable and cliché to entertain (me) for 1-2 hours. As a Walking simulator (dull gameplay is a given) the mundane plot is it's only selling point."
,Not Recommended,232430,12783384,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,ScubaSteve™,"Got this game as part of a bundle, finally decided to dedicate some time to sit down and play it. I thought it was going to be some sort of mystery/puzzle game, which I suppose was partly true. Though the mystery of ""Where is everyone?"" is never actually solved. You venture through the house, find a few trinkets, which leads to more trinkets, then in a bit over an hour or so, the game is over. No story climax really to speak of, it just ends after you pick up yet another trinket. Quite disappointing, to be honest."
,Not Recommended,232430,23718626,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,sept,lot of debate about this gameAll I can say is that the atomosphere is really nice. if they made a horror game it would be pretty sweet.2.1 hours is all it took to complete. Way too short of a game for 20 dollars.
,Not Recommended,232430,8284328,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Popapo,I have mixed reviews about this game. I kept thinking it was going to be a horror but it wasn't. On the other hand it's a coming of age story taken at your own pace. I love story driven games but this one felt a bit too short for my liking. It ended a bit too abruptly for the full price I paid for... would recommend at $5 but not at $15.
76561197970574355,Not Recommended,232430,13732648,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ranger256,"Summary: Your sister runs off with her girlfriend to live happily ever after. Your parents are off on a couples retreat to try to save their marriage. You arrive at your empty home and spend the next hour or so in a last gen rendered building reading notes, finding secret doors and listening to tapes of the worst music ever made. There is no 'payoff' to this 'game'. You spend the game trying to solve the mystery of what is in the attic. The answer: a note saying that your sister ran off with her girlfriend to live happily ever after. It's a glorified tech demo for an old game engine with a theme that makes people want to recommend it more than it deserves."
,Not Recommended,232430,15100281,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,machinistsguardianarchangel,"Great concept, but horrible execution. As a gamer who prefers great story, atmosphere, and/or characters to gunplay, Gone Home caught my attention for precisely that: making gameplay as bare-bones as possible to make you focus on what was happening in the story instead of what was attacking you. The downside to this approach is the story must step up to the plate and be great to compensate for the lack of combat. And that is where Gone Home falls flat on its face.It initially sets itself up as a kind of murder mystery, since you come to your house, alone, with no one there at all during a storm. The reason no one is there is just poor timing on the player character's part, so that mystery is a bit of a let down. Beneath that, there's uncovering the family dynamic and secrets that have been accumulating since you left. And, quite frankly, that's almost as boring as why everyone was gone. Finding the clues is exciting at first, but that's nothing but a sense of achievement speaking. The clues themselves paint a picture based on stereotypes we've all heard a dozen times before in books, TV, movies, and every other medium out there. One voice throughout tries to make it better by adding emotion to it all, but trying and doing can be two very different things.Overall, very disappointed and very confused as to why this did so well critically."
,Recommended,232430,10789357,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,DUNCAN DONUTS,"Gone Home is an house vandalism simulator with a teenage angst lesbian love story tacked onto it to look deep.By the end of the game, I managed to:*Throw some of my character's father's books in the trash to rub in what a has-been he is.*Turn all of the faucets on to jack up the water bills.*Throw a recyclable milk jug into the trash.*Build a satanic shrine to a cheap duck statue and a JROTC beret on a kitchen table.*Opened the refrigerator and threw out several of the contents into a hallway, then kept the fridge open.*Lodged a SNES platformer inbetween two drawers.*Flush all of the toilets.*Put a guide for a ""couple's retreat"" on the kitchen table so that my character's parents know that I know they're on the fast tract to a divorce.*Threw several of my character's sister's private objects onto my character's parent's bed as incriminating evidence against her.*Stuffed a book my character's mom was borrowing into a bathtub, then turned the water on.*In fit of rage, put perfectly fine toothpaste into a waste bin because I hated the brand.Also, for some reason, your character's house has as many secret compartments and areas as Resident Evil's Spencer Mansion. I did not find a secret entrance to an underground lab. Perhaps Chris and Jill already sealed it up."
,Not Recommended,232430,7802792,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,MiningAdam,"I bought this game after playing The Stanley Parable.  This game is shorter, and the story lacked in captivating me.  Would have been better served as a novel, or a short story.  Layout and design were good, but again the brevity of the game made it hard to justify the money spent."
,Not Recommended,232430,15022203,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,ChelseaLouise07,"This game is beautiful and the music is excellent.The story, however, fell WAY short for my taste. The ending was entirely okay and also disappointing, which is why I can't bring myself to recommend it."
,Not Recommended,232430,23912627,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,UpstreamForest,"Although I enjoyed the story and the premise, the game was honestly just too short. I finished this game in 1.5 hours. I agree with a lot of the other reviews, if you can get this game under 5 dollars, then it would be worth your money, otherwise it is way too expensive for the content you get."
76561198049693420,Not Recommended,232430,21863163,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Marty,"While I enjoyed the elements of nostalgia, I found the plot entirely cliche."
76561198002815978,Not Recommended,232430,24420449,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,evictor,"Atmosphere is good, prepares you for something stupendous (complete with Satanic references, what look like blood stains, etc.), and comes up with a lame love story. Like seriously? It's sappy, vapid, and as emotionally deep as a pen cap.What's especially ironic is the main character's father in the game is taking a reaming from his own father as well as from his employer for being a terrible author; it's almost like the author of this game's love story is mirroring his own failures as an author through the game's father's subplot, which you (the player) glean from conspicuously dropped letters all over the house that end up being 100% irrelevant to the boring love story.The climax of the love story you can see coming from a mile away. There's nothing to surprise you at all in this game.I wouldn't even recommend this to lesbians who experienced young love; chances are your own stories are so much deeper and more multifaceted than this laughable excuse for a drama."
,Not Recommended,232430,7909818,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,sex✞bishop,"Sadly this game did NOT deliver, although I would really love to. The nostalgia factor did not kick in in any way, I couldn't relate to the story and the whole thing left me with nothing to think about after I finished it. If only it wasn't so close ended and provided some food for thought (like Dear Esther or Stanley Parable)... In the end it's just like Diner Date, only better crafted: longer, more optimized and visually pleasing, with a way more fleshed out story behind. My overall score would be 5/10 - easily forgettable."
,Recommended,232430,32660098,Posted: 22 June,all,xoxokawaiigamerxoxo,"First I would like to say, if you buy this game thinking it is something that it is not, you will be sorely disappointed.That being said, I have played through this game multiple times and have been touched by its beauty every time.  It's thoughful and emotional.  It's a testament to how much you can learn about people just by the objects laying in their house, to the way objects carry ghosts.  It's haunting.10/10 Would snoop again."
76561198007192457,Not Recommended,232430,17413495,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,StridingBlade,"Meh, pretty average point and click adventure that does a lot of hand holding. Nothing ever had me stumped and it would have been nice if maybe they were a bit more clever with their puzzles.Additionally the horribly slow pace that you move at is only an attempt to increase game duration. There are a few highlights here and there. If you can perhaps get it for under £5 you'll have something to keep you entertained for a few hours."
,Not Recommended,232430,7899468,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Queen D,"Based on MY experience and opinion;I finished it in 2 hours completely. No puzzles, nothing excited, little to none story line. Even though I bought it in discount (thank god for that) in my opinion it did not even worth 5 Euro I spent on it. I could respect it more if it was longer & cheaper. I love & support indie games, but not this time."
,Not Recommended,232430,14505960,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Potato Cat,"I really disliked this game. If you want a game full of super basic puzzles, a mediocre story (that has nothing to do with your character), and no resolution, by all means pay money for this time waster. My only consolation is that I got this game for very cheap, otherwise I would've been even angrier. There's also absolutely zero replayability. Once you know the end, the game can literally be solved in under a minute. There's nothing special about this one, just skip it and find something better."
76561198140652436,Not Recommended,232430,11111077,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,haann_,"I was quite intrested to try this out as it looked very promising. Unfortunately the plot quickly became very predictable and straightforward, which is a shame because I felt there was so much more to cover in this family's story. The environment was quite nicely made, though occasionally lacked detail.What's up with the constant ring binders??Definitely not worth £14.99, as the main story is quite short and bland (though I spent quite a lot of time exploring the backstory, which apparently was useless after all...). Luckily I bought this from sale and I would recommend for others to do so as well. Such a shame, the story could have been much more deeper which would have definitely added more value to the game."
,Not Recommended,232430,31129398,Posted: 13 April,all,Stampire,I bought this game because it had good reviews and seemed like an interesting adventure with a story to unravel. What I found through playing it was incredibly disappointing. It felt like a stereotype-laden social commentary with most of the characters being caricatures. They were essentially symbols instead of people.Spoilers ahead:The father is an alcoholic failed writer who writes reviews of stereo systems because his uninspired science fiction novels don't sell. His uncle molested him and spent the rest of his life trying in vain to atone for it. His own father was a stodgy English scholar who was cold and uncaring to his son. His wife was cheating on him with a park ranger. One of his daughters went on a year-long trip in Europe (the player never finds out with what money or whether Katie is going to school at all) and the other is an angsty teen discovering herself with the powerful grunge girl she meets through Street Fighter. The story is a heavy-handed tale of a love that isn't accepted by the people around the lovers and it really feels like the true message the creators wanted to deliver was KICKING THE PATRIARCHY with the subtext EVERY MAN AROUND YOU IS♥♥♥♥♥♥ Some more time invested in fleshing out the characters and making the story feel less like getting clubbed in the head with a uterus-shaped shillelagh would have made for a more immersive experience.
76561197970346523,Not Recommended,232430,13694252,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Darkazrael Dave M,I bought into the hype the online  game sites did about this game. I love adventure games and loved the Indie Game To the moon. Played most adventures under the sun and enjoyed most of them. However this game is awful I feel ripped off and conned. I completed the game and thought it was dreadful - boring storyline - characters you don't care about.Ive had more fun staring at a fire for 1 hour then this !Don't buy it !!!!
,Not Recommended,232430,7809147,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,freeze,"I really don't get this game. It's had stunning reviews and amazing critical reception and yet I just really dislike it. I normally like story based games such as the Stanley Parable and The Walking Dead too! The story is bland and generic in my opinion and the system performance isn't amazing.Also, normally I'm fine with short games being priced highly (for an indie game) if the experience is great (e.g the Stanley Parable) but this is way overpriced. I bought it in the sale for £3.69 or something but for £15 it really isn't worth it.. I only got an hour out of it.I'm sorry but I cannot reccomend this."
76561198069746390,Not Recommended,232430,31188190,Posted: 16 April,all,www.whitehead,"This is a short story with interactive elements. So if you are really into good storytelling, maybe you would pay $20 for it? For me, I'll pay $20 for a story experience that takes longer than one hour to complete, whether that's a book or a film or something interactive. If you're going to charge $20 for any storytelling experience that's only an hour long, it better be the most groundbreaking, heartwrenching story of all time...but this is not that.It's very well made, it's certainly a fine story, but it's not a ""$20 for an hour"" storytelling experience. For $5-$10 I would have definitely felt like it was a good purchase."
76561198269355872,Not Recommended,232430,23648464,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Itsroyo,A lot of hype for a basic af  story line.
76561198014670416,Not Recommended,232430,16887659,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Luxa,It's just walking around a clicking on things. The 'story' is crap and the ending is lame. It's also really short. I can't believe the critics banged on about this game so much and this is all it is. Pretentious bollox.
76561198076296059,Not Recommended,232430,22195911,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,PaperChaseGuy,I hate this game so much I decided to permanently remove it from my steam library.
,Not Recommended,232430,11004998,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Captain icze4r,Accidentally beat this game on the first play-through in only 6 minutes.Make of that what you will.
,Recommended,232430,8308520,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Audish,"It's almost funny to look back at the furor Gone Home kicked up when it released four years ago. Almost, because so much has changed over time that shows how much of that furor was baseless. ""Walking simulators"" are now their own accepted genre with subgenres within, visual novels have grown strong and popular with hardly a peep about their nature as games, and short narrative experiences have found a comfortable place in the market. Some of these developments wouldn't even be possible without Gone Home specifically because its expert storytelling and design left such an impact, and those are the elements worth focusing on here.After a year abroad in Europe, Katie Greenbriar returns to her family's remote and sprawling house unannounced. No one is home, and an ominous note from her sister Sam is pinned to the front door for her. Within the many rooms and halls of the house are clues to the whereabouts of Sam and her parents, along with details of their lives that put them in a whole new light. As you guide Katie in picking through the secrets of her family, a story emerges that is both heart-wrenching and rarely matched in the gaming world.Perhaps that's the most remarkable aspect of Gone Home, that even four years out few games have managed to match the emotional or narrative peaks that it did as an indie experiment. Every part of the house contains mundane objects like books, letters, photos, buttons, backpacks, and cereal boxes that tell parts of the story just by their presence. The house itself is arranged as a perfect microcosm of the family's existence, illustrating the struggles of each member to find fulfillment in the world and acceptance in each other. It's not just a story about the missing members or the great drama at the center of the tale, but about what it means to be a family and how hard it can be to simply coexist.These are grandiose words about a game limited to wandering halls and picking up binders and cassettes, but that's the beauty of it. What other games accomplish through scripted cutscenes or professional voice work or extensive journal entries, Gone Home accomplishes by putting an invoice in a trash can. You don't need someone explaining the pathos of being a confused teenager, you get it by witnessing the place where those conflicts played out. It's environmental storytelling at its best, with virtually every postcard and pencil placed where it'll mean something to the overarching narrative. And this emphasis on having the right elements in the right places only makes the actual notes and journal entries that much more poignant.As you discover key pieces of the central plot, your sister Sam will narrate in a terribly earnest and relatable way. I imagine the closer you are to being a teenager the more it will resonate, and for anyone who survived high school in the 90s this game will be like a time capsule for you. Much like Scott Pilgrim, Gone Home is aimed directly at a specific generation of kids who remember Trapper Keepers and Street Fighter II on the SNES. Being an American in your 30s and wistful for your youth isn't required to appreciate the game, of course, but some of the specific notions and insecurities of being a 90s kid immersed me in the experience more than sharp graphics or surround sound ever could.This isn't going to mean anything to folks unwilling to invest in the story, though, and I imagine that's where the most virulent objections to the game arose. Even taking your time picking through the house, you're unlikely to get more than two hours out of Gone Home and that's going to be exclusively walking, reading, and examining. There are no puzzles aside from three combination locks in the house, and the clues to overcoming those little roadblocks and the few locked doors there are can't really be missed. You really need to show up for the story and dig into it (which shouldn't be a problem 'cause like I said, it's really good) because this is a purely narrative experience.Gone Home remains a significant accomplishment in gaming even now because few (if any) games have taken on such poignant, relevant material with the same level of quality. What SOMA did for conceptualizing the self and The Stanley Parable did for deconstructing games, Gone Home does for exploring American youth. It's a window into the way you used to think, or how your friends think, or how your children think, complete with context that gives life to the conflicts that simmer within every family. As a video game it's certainly not the longest or the most feature-rich, but the artistry of its narrative fills so much larger a space that it's an easy recommendation to anyone who appreciates good and meaningful storytelling.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
76561198121207173,Not Recommended,232430,24819818,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,withamstevens,Not worth 20 bucks.  Finished it in less than two hours.
76561198040303449,Not Recommended,232430,14335383,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Daggus,"Spoilers possible.  With that said I thought this game would be cool.  I don't remember what I payed for it, but whatever I paid it was too much.  It's way too short, and I predicted the end very early on.  They should have made the house haunted or have the power go off at least.  What I did like was the 90's nostalgia.  I grew up in that decade so it was pretty cool taking a tour, and it did bring back memories of that time period for me.  It was just boring to me.  Not worth a playthru at least in my opinion.  They had the atmosphere going for them, and threw it away on a love story that didn't make me feel anything for the characters involved.  The music was pretty good.  You can pick up just about anything in the house and throw it on the ground.  Turn on every light and then back off again.  Find secret passages and walk around.  When it ended I was very disappointed, and felt very ripped off.  5/10"
,Not Recommended,232430,16771648,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Lupal Fillyus,"Walking Simulator for most appropriate tag 2015. The entire house is there just for atmosphere, there are about 6 progress-inducing actions in-game, unlocking a new part of the house.Also dear lord this took far too long for a story that could be recapped in two minutes. With just continuous whining from the rebellious teen that's not understood by her parents. And it deals with such groooown up stuuuuf ((spooky voice)) so I guess that's what the artsy-fartsy appeal is supposed to be.If you can feel some kind of connectedness to either the main character or her sister, I guess you can feel some satisfaction, but as it is I'm just happy I didn't spend another 6 minutes listening to credits music. Refund ho!But you, astute reader as you are, might say ""how do I know if I feel connectedness if you won't tell me what it's about?""Spoiler alert:It's about repressed lesbianism.THAT'S the thing the whole game tries to blow up into something huge.Now it may be my dutch-centric lifestyle that desensitized me to gayness-related whining, or perhaps it's the copious amount of Tumblr feminazis that dulled me. But either way, if not gay, stay away."
,Not Recommended,232430,13986958,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Prudy Perkins,"You are a young college student who returns home to find that her family is... gone? Your parents are out of town, and your sister is supposed to be at home...This game plays like a horror (creepy sound effects, lightning, thunder, dark undertones) but it isn't a horror game.  Basically you walk around the house picking up♥♥♥♥♥♥and throwing it everywhere - getting tidbits of story (your sister narrates) as you go. That's it. You can't do anything else but flush toilets, turn lights on and off, turn tvs and radios/music players on/off, and throw useless♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere. (Hope my parents enjoy coming home to the ♥♥♥♥ing mess I left them ALL THROUGH THE HOUSE.)Only about an hour and a half of playtime (I completed it in 78 minutes though) and not much room for replayability. I won't spoil the story or ending for you, but I'll just say it wasn't that great of a story, and the ending wasn't very satisfying.Overall, I wouldn't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,232430,10994280,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Zarxce,"Rather than a proper or full game, this feels more like an ""experiment"" where the develepors are just trying to figure out how to do environmental story telling. The story itself isn't really anything deep or overly insteresting either.  This feels more like a tech demo than a full game.If you paid $19.99 for this, you were robbed."
,Not Recommended,232430,7805297,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,INeedADoctor,"Definitely not worth buying. From the price view, original price is $20 is way too much for this short game however I got this game for around $5 but I still did not find this game worth buying. When I mean short, it is very, very short. The story is set in the 90s and have that nostalgic feel. I have to say, the story is not interesting and very boring. It only tells the story from one person's view and not her family members. You walk around ""explore"" every room in the house hoping to find something new and interesting to know whereabouts the main character's family members are and what is going on with her family members. It is somewhat both predictable and unpredictable at the same time. I find myself not knowing whether it is a ""love story"" or a horror game judging by what you find in the house and what you hear in the house. The ending was very simple, not telling what happen to the rest of the family members. I do not see why this is even a video game, making a book about it I bet it would be much more interesting. I do not know why this game got a high rating review from known gaming websites; IGN, Gameinformer, The New York Times? bahahaha. Just do not buy this game, I do not recommend it (you do not have to listen me who has played this game before and knows that it is bad) However it has some good voice acting in it and that is all. DO NOT BUY. Not even worth a penny. Save your money and buy a much better game with a much more interesting story and that is The Walking Dead."
76561198030756323,Not Recommended,232430,12844378,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Cabeza2000,Waste of time and a money grab. It is just overrated.
,Not Recommended,232430,19571459,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Tom,"Gone Home is a first person interactive story, developed by The Full Bright Company. Being released on PC in August 2013, before a planned release on PS4 and Xbox One in early 2016.I wouldn’t say Gone Home is a game, because there is the only thing you do in this game is walk from room to room interacting with notes and books, that’s it. This game has often been marked as being a walking simulator, and to be honest, people aren’t far wrong with that notion. From start to finish there the only sort of action or puzzle, or anything really worthy of being called gameplay, would be a short puzzle involving finding hidden cupboards.  I was quite honestly bored after five minutes of starting the game.Graphically, the game is quite nice though. There are some really nicely done lighting mechanics in the game, and textures are all really high quality as well. Even items that you pick up have really nicely made graphics and textures on, such as bottles in the kitchen or bathroom. There isn’t any animation to be found in the game though; you come into contact with no moveable objects throughout the game. Gone Home is narrated well too, the voice acting is done really well, and there is from memory no sound effects that standout, just a lot of ambiance sounds of the storm going on outside.The only really shining light to come out of Gone Home is that it has a fairly compelling story. As a mid-twenties male though, I couldn’t relate to anything that was happening. You are basically reading a ton of notes, letters, diaries and posters. I was quite interested to follow the story until completion but I can’t say that I really enjoyed it all that much. It’s a very slow paced story which only really gathers paced towards the end of the game. You can get even more lore and plot from the game by searching high and low for more notes and letters if you want to.A complete run through Gone Home will take you less than an hour to finish. This is with finding most of the extra notes for more stories as well. There is no replay ability, because to be quite honest, it’s a stretch to even get one run through out of it.Technically I didn’t run into any problems. The game runs smooth and there are no glitches or bugs. Although there isn’t really anything that complicated going off on screen anyway…To sum up, I am not going to recommend Gone Home. How this “game” is priced at £14, 99 are is astounding. I picked this up when it was on sale for £1, 79 a while ago, and even now I think I have been ripped off. There is a string of pretentious reviews on this “game” that quite honestly make me cringe whilst reading.  Gone Home is quite literally one of the most boring and unexciting “games” I have played this year and cannot recommend it to anyone.  Fully expecting a wave of flame and hatred from this review, so bring it on! :)Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playhttps://youtu.be/JtapVFy5OhsIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/Please also check out Completing the Backlog's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!http://store.steampowered.com/app/232430/"
,Not Recommended,232430,8568916,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Scyllarus,"Caution: spoilers belowMuch like the other reviews have stated, this game isn't really so much a game as an interactive story. And even that's stretching it some - you're not really interacting with the story itself, you're just finding bits of paper and such that trigger audio clips. I bought it, on sale, without checking the reviews (I read that it was originally an Amnesia mod, thought it would be scary, and bought it as a blind 'let's play' sort of thing) and was sorely disappointed. I'd expected something...frightening, or upsetting at the very least.Even disregarding my own mistake, it was still a disappointing experience. The atmosphere is lonely and tense and foreboding, and for what? So I can walk around the house, keyed up, and find notes from my teenaged sister?For that matter - the main story merely made me mildly nauseated. Kudos, that the developers made it a lesbian romance, but while some might find it cute or touching...To be honest, I just found it frustratingly cliche. Of course our sister's name is Sam (yes, I know, it's a nickname), lesbians are all named something masculine. Of course she doesn't fit in at school. Of course she's all gurrrl power.Of course she does the incredibly stupid thing of running away from home to be with her girlfriend.It's like I'm reading a textbook romance, in lesbian flavor. There are a few sweet moments, but overall I merely wanted to slap the hell out of my sister for being an idiotic teenager. I was more interested in my parents' stories, although that's not saying much.So, to recap: This is a ""game"" that wastes its potential atmosphere in favor of a boring romance between two teenage girls. Not recommended unless you have a serious need for 90's nostalgia or happen to identify strongly with Sam."
,Not Recommended,232430,10851186,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,AIDS,Just no.
,Not Recommended,232430,10921562,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,[IMSB] King Cerventes,"This isn't a game, this is a finding out your sister is a lesbian simulator."
,Not Recommended,232430,11747674,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,[Zef-side] BradleyRR,"I didn't care for this game. I saw it on sale and read some cool reviews so I picke dit up.There's not much of a story here, or a game. It's kind of like reading a story about a story. The only thing about it that really keeps you going is ""What is the story going to be?""Well. It's not really worth figureing out.It's just a story about people following their hearts, hurting other people, and justifying it because it ""feels the like the right thing to do.""Kinda like a toddler."
,Not Recommended,232430,11758706,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Catharsis,"I actually was really enjoying this game, but the control issue was so bad it was basically unplayable. Trying to select a particular item is extremely frustrating, as you have to guess where the cursor actually is looking and even then sometimes it just doesn't work. If they fix these controls I could actually play it, and will review again, but for now I regret purchasing this indie title."
76561198161170802,Not Recommended,232430,12819429,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,fczech,Very short game with interesting mechanic but without need to play it at all.
,Recommended,232430,18876096,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Faudraline,"“I really haven't had that exciting of a life. There are a lot of things I wish I would have done, instead of just sitting around and complaining about having a boring life. So I pretty much like to make it up. I'd rather tell a story about somebody else.” ― Kurt Cobain,JournalsKatie Greenbriar comes back to her family home, one year after the mysterious suicide of grunge god, Kurt Cobain. Is this info relevant at all? Nope, not really. It's just a nostalgic anecdote to remind you that it's the 90s. The world is simpler, slower, a bit more isolated; and runs through passion and imagination for most teenagers. Internet is dial-up, we listen music from cassettes, watch movies from VHS and getting out to town on a school night is a big issue. Without the dominating grasp of absurdly advanced technology, the world is innocent compared to today. How do I know? I've been there.But this isn't my story. This is Katie's story, returning from a year's trip to Europe, only to find no one at home. Where is everyone? Mom? Dad? Sam? As any considerate sister and beloved daughter of a family would do, we explore the newly settled home of the Greenbriars to find some answers. Since the family moved into this place in our absence, everything is alien, new and even... uncanny.I'd love to tell you more about the story - and interwoven side stories, but my hands are tied, since this game is all about stories to be uncovered. I find it hard to believe that many people in the forums and countless reviewers found this game to be an exaggerated thrash. I believe this game to be a revolution in the sense of storytelling in games, utilizing no more than a basic environment, written information and some audio records to tell the story of three generations, and maybe some more.If you are in expectancy of a hideous horror game with eerie jump scares, no,Gone Homeis not it.Gone Homeis more like an experience, sharing a period in time, a moment so ordinary and so real. It's nothing supernatural, or extraordinary. It is a home, maybe your home, thus defines the exact description of Freud'sUncanny. From the moment that Katie comes into the front porch until the last moment of realization of the game, we really become Katie. The situation is nothing extraordinary. In fact, it is so ordinary that it can happen to anyone of us, in any household. It all is so friggin real, and the real is the primary strength ofGone Home.Within this story driven exploration game, you should expect to find out just one silent reality of a household, as powerful, as troublesome and as beautiful it can be. I strongly advise for you to avoid any kind of spoilers until you'd go through the game at least once. If you are in for basic human feelings - like worry, anxiety, shame, frustration and passion; you will love this game.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Not Recommended,232430,13597765,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,jynxt,Pretentious walking simulator.Missed opportunity for a real game.
,Not Recommended,232430,11185176,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,DinnerKing,All major gaming news sites are liars. This game is not worth any money. You can seriously beat it in 50 seconds if you wanted to. It's just the FPS controller in Unity with a grab and zoom feature. The devs should be ashamed of how lazy this game is.
76561198008984296,Not Recommended,232430,11195410,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,grif264,"A game that claimed you would be searching through a house solving puzzles and a mystery.  It had great reviews.  I generally like indie games.Why not try it out if its on sale?Unfortunatley this ""game"" is running around picking up notes.  Oh and guess what the notes are about?  Some strange kidnapping?  Paranormal events?  A murder mystery?  No.  Its about a rebeling teenaged girl I'm supposed to feel sorry for.2/10.  The really cool 90's nostalgia is worth 2."
76561198078135283,Not Recommended,232430,33111068,Posted: 1 July,all,Sgt. Tit Milk,"I really don't know how to feel about this one. The game starts with a sense of mystery and horror, but that quickly washed away to reveal a basic story. I played through this game expecting to see something move through the shadows or to unravel a gruesome truth, but none of that happens. These ideas are played with with the atmospher being a stormy night, the creaks of the old house, and the occasional ""ghost voice"" whispering ""hey, you."" but none of this is fleshed out. I walk away from this game not mad, but just feeling dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,232430,10821987,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,tian,This game was a huge let down.  I wanted to like it because I love these type of games but the latter part of the story fell flat.  they had a chance to ad twists and turns to the game but they left just left subtile hints at what might have happend in the past.  Would not recommend even on sale.
76561197998693200,Not Recommended,232430,10821809,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,pandapot,"Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game, 20$ price, and no more than 2 hours of ""gameplay"". Unless you want to jerk off to hearing some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ lesbian love story for hours upon hours don't even buy this stupid ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ You can probably just youtube the dialogue if you want to, but even that is a waste of time. Id rather kill myself than play this again."
,Not Recommended,232430,10819070,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kataklism,"I was aware it was a really short game but from what I read I expected a good storyline. I was very disapointed. I decided to buy it on sale for only $3 and it honestly doesnt even worth it... It's really short (about 2h if you read everything and take your time) and the gameplay is pretty boring (you just basically read everything you find and listen to voice over from time to time). At least if it had a good story.. It doesnt. You slowly get interested into it and you expect a turnover or at least an ending punch or something.. and it just never come. The end is boring and disapointing. I'm generally into deap story telling games, but this one was very disapointing and I highly recommend you NOT buying it."
,Recommended,232430,16838027,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,MiCi 💜,"First of all, for those who are arguing this is supposed to be a horror game, it's not. The basic storyline is 'you come home and nobody is there, find out why' and not 'zombies have taken over the house and lurk in the basement'.Yes, ""Gone Home"" is short, once you know where to find the information and the keys, you can play it in a little over 10 minutes ... but that means only going through the house and triggering the ending sequence, that kind of playing will not give you the complete story. The story, however, is not just about Sam (the sister). You can also find out about your father's troubles with writing, about his weird uncle, who owned the house before the family moved in, and other stuff. Basically, the game lets you catch up with the family history during the time you were in Europe.It's an everyday story, not something great or heroic or scary. It's just the unease everyone would feel alone in a house they've never been in before, at after 1 a.m. on a night with a thunderstorm, not atmospheric horror like in ""Amnesia.""$20 might indeed be a little much for the game... and 'game' a little too much of a word for ""Gone Home"" but it does not deserve all the bad reviews it has gotten. If you want an action game, this is not for you... but that should be obvious from the description. If you like uncovering a story for yourself, you might want to give it a chance."
,Not Recommended,232430,24786313,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Lineoutt,"This game is getting a lot of hate nowadays. Like other reviewers said, its not for everyone, but it was for me. Playing this game is like solving a mystery that at first is very external, and then becomes more of an internal journey of coming of age. Sweet, touching, beautiful in its details, and even dark in several ways that are easily skipped over. Its really nice to play a game that wasn't pandering soley to the demographic of straight male. For someone not in that category it was relatable, affirming, and a breath of fresh air.It's short (def get it on sale <$10), and ""not perfect"" in the sense that it isnt a ""game"" in that it doesnt have gameplay. But it is truly an innovative storytelling mechanic, seeing the human story through objects left behind. Its like 90's archaeology. Walking through my house after I finished it felt like I was seeing everything with new eyes.If you like puzzles or explosions or chase scenes in your games then this isnt for you so there is no point to buy it and then whine about how bad it is just because it doesnt resound with you."
76561198013657647,Not Recommended,232430,21087481,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Lx,"Very interesting at the beginning but lost its potential to unfold into interesting gaming experience. Gameplay is basically non-exist , you can touch almost any item but ironically, the interaction with player is empty.Definitely not worth the price tag !4/10 for the atmosphere, 3D models and design"
76561198315853708,Recommended,232430,33418494,Posted: 9 July,all,TuanTaureo,"When you're an early-80s-born queer yourself, and you were an awkwardly closeted gay teenager in the 90s, this game hits like one brick-laden truck after another right in the chest.  I may be Swedish rather than American, but with the personal knowledge of how hard it was just coming out to your own self in those times, when the story of this game really starts unfurling itself from those voice-lined journal entries, it's an endless chain reaction of sucker punches to the gut.  Even as someone who never really could get into that egregiously atonal punk rock genre, the various songs that crop up on those cassette tapes (ah, nostalgia for a level of technology I'm really not all that sad to have seen replaced) give that realness to the setting that only amps the experience up even further.This is the kind of story that needs to be told, if only so that future generations of LGBT+ youth can see themselves mirrored in the hardships of a still not distant enough (never distant enough) past."
76561197971230898,Not Recommended,232430,24628924,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Dark Raven,"I am decently surprised that I took 1.9 hours to finish this game. I'm not known for my speed, so the average player should be able to finish this game faster.Now, some might say that the game's experience and gameplay requires bite-sized length, fine. But quality-wise? Let's just face it, the gameplay is simple, the environment is a house (well-built, I'll give them that), and the story... Well...It's a love story with a happy ending that will never work, considering that the real-life consequence of it would destroy it. That said, the plot is predictable, a writer from centuries or millennia ago has more to offer than this. Slapping the LGBTQ cause on the front cover doesn't make it better, just exploitative of the genre and social cause.That said, the story (backstory, to be precise) is well-crafted. I like the nuggets of details here and there, but it's about as fleeting as the game, what can I say?What is worse is that there is little hope for improvement, as this game isn't exactly built for expansions and sequels, and I've seen reports of the developers censoring players for voicing out their disatisfaction with this game. Some reviewers decided to fall for the LGBTQ trap and gave it top-class ratings. Nope, this developer is likely going to keep doing what they're doing, and want to look like martyrs for the cause."
,Not Recommended,232430,7898600,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Ruddiger,"The time taken between seeing this on sale, looking up some quick gameplay footage and reviews, purchasing, installing, playing and then completing the game was roughly 1 hour. The most enjoyable part of that hour was the time spent not knowing that this game existed.This game is awful, between the nonsense diary entries and aimlessly inspecting the pieces of tat randomly strewn across the house like a crazy episode of 'A Life of Grime', this game offers nothing in the way of story or gameplay and could easily be mistaken for a tech-demo. If there was anything worth a demonstration. I finished this game and I am non-the-wiser as to the plot/story/point of this game.This game has received rave reviews by people who I can only assume are in cahoots with the developers, but don't be fooled this game is bad. Worst display of pretentious indi-hipster dirge since 'Dear Esther', and that's saying a lot."
76561198040401422,Not Recommended,232430,7855695,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Dolor,"It's ok.  You walk around trying to solve a mystery of where your family has gone.  Some minor suspense that seemed to me to detract from the game.  It's interesting enough but not really a ""good"" game."
,Not Recommended,232430,10739243,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,HA HA HA. Oh Wow.,"There have been many classic exploration games which have defined the genre.  This isn't one of them.  I suppose if you'd like to jump on the band wagon and pretend to be some 'gaming intellectual' who played this game and felt it was 'so deep' then by all means buy this game and play it into the ground.  Alternatively, I imagine that this game is similar to young adult novels that deal with all those confusing feelings pre-teens and young teens have about themselves.  So if you like those, do the same.If you don't want to act like a shallow elitest, or you don't enjoy young adult fiction I recommend against wasting your money.  You would do better finding a copy of any 90's TV show featuring a teenage female lead and get the same experience for what is probably a fraction of the price.The suspension of disbelief wasn't there, the themes were confusing, and the story itself was paper thin.I spent half the game waiting for it to be a different game, and it never accomplished that.  Instead it was just a casual walk through a house on a rainy night while reading your little sister's diary like a nosey sibling and rummaging through your parent's personal business.  It is the most boring plotline ever.In the end?  You're the the most intrusively obnoxious sister/child ever."
,Not Recommended,232430,10765400,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,relwot,"This game feels like false advertisement. If you're looking for a spooky, dark mystery with some ""boo!"" moments and at least a bit of horror, well... sorry. What you get instead is, as FABIO stated below, a big red herring, setting an atmosphere of dread and anxiousness, with absolutely no payoff. None. Instead what you get is a big, fat ""GOTCHA"" that starts to dawn on you about halfway through the game, when you're already too invested to throw in the towel. Hoping, HOPING that this game with such atmospheric reviews has some good tricks up its sleeves (it doesn't).Though I won't spoil the story entirely, it turns out to be a half-hearted love story that feels like more agenda than actual emotional attachment. I felt more for the side characters' (i.e. the parents') situations than the main storyline (i.e. your sister). I dunno. I'm not trying to belittle the message being preached here, but I felt robbed, as the trailers and videos make this game out to be what it isn't, but I guess that's because if they had advertised it as what it is, not nearly as many would want to play it."
,Not Recommended,232430,10770060,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,withefox955,"This game is a good game by all means. there are no enemies and no obstacles, just exploring the house and uncovering the story. Is this game worth your money? NO. the game, despite having an exceptionally well writen story, is extremely short and took me only 3 hours to complete it, and this was not in a rush. thats about the only downside, the story is very short and it leaves you wanting more. It also leaves many unanswered questions."
76561198045678915,Not Recommended,232430,10776035,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,NaMe24,Bought this due to critical acclaim. Was VERY dissapointed. I'd rather have lit the 5 dollars I spent on fire than play a game this boring again.
,Not Recommended,232430,10818088,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,logosiris,Very disappointing. The gameplay was interesting but the story was pedestrian.
,Not Recommended,232430,8709556,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,lasagnasty,"I normally enjoy adventure games in which you are there purely for the narrative, but the script was too mundane and predictable."
76561197962396255,Not Recommended,232430,10982833,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,DragonReborn,Just meh.  I didnt see what all the hype was about.  Story didnt appeal to me.
,Not Recommended,232430,10823423,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kenuty,"I don't have much to say except this was a a good and emotional ride, the game had a very touching story however was very short. If anything I will thumb this game down because the price i've paid for it and what it had to offer. It is very linear and once you're done, you will never pick up this game again unless you want to run around, look for clues to activate events which leads to the conclusion.  1 hour is exactly how long it took me to beat this game and thats just running around and finding the things. This thumbs down is not for the fact that its a bad game, some people might like this, this thumbs down is for the PRICE of the game during the time I bought it, the time spent, the replay value, and the amount of negatives I found wrong with this title.+ Good story+ Decent graphics+ Good immersion- Gameplay was sorta boring, wanted it to offer more, you basically explore find clue that activates the next sets of events and done.- Very short- Linear- Not what you think it is, a horror game and thats what it amkes you believe, sometimes you'll get scared FOR NO REASON.- NO REPLAY VALUE"
76561198004533342,Not Recommended,232430,14731154,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Teleios,"No matter how well you tell a boring story, it is still boring.  I truly do love the genre.  Being and avid reader and gamer, I generally do enjoy when a game aims to simply tell a story instead of just mindlessly shooting at things but this game simple doesnt really offer anything.For a storytelling game to be succesful, the story has to be good.  That is what makes the whole game.  It has a very interesting hook but it simply fizzles from there."
76561198001936276,Not Recommended,232430,7875141,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Katch,"Spend your money elsewhere or go out for a mcdonalds meal. I read reviews online on websites such as gamespot and ign which made me buy this game. Boring, dull, and frankly it's not a game, it's a visual story.My first and last adventure game"
76561198295842399,Not Recommended,232430,22467220,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,revolver136,"This game was a huge disappointment.  You spend a ton of time walking around a big house, examining hundreds of boring everyday objects.  There are 3 locked doors and if you walk around long enough you find the keys to open them.It never gets interesting, and the ending to the story is obvious about halfway through.  No challenges, no skill required, not even really any thinking involved.  Just walking around clicking mundane objects with no resultsI wish I could get my money back on this.  Don't waste yours."
,Not Recommended,232430,18310019,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,SaltPig,"Short, derivative, overpriced."
,Not Recommended,232430,14155272,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,ThisSplitLip,"I bought this game on sale for $3.99 and I really can't even recommend it at that price.  The setup is cool, the atmosphere is suitably unnerving, but the story, which let's face it, is the main point of this game, is simply not that interesting.  To make matters worse, it is told in a completetly nonsensical way that has it progressing in parallel to the progress that the player makes as they walk through the house.  Why the notes and letters are scattered in such a way throughout the house makes literally no sense, but it sure was convenient.  Also, why the hell is the door to the dining room and kitchen locked?  The family left in such a rush that they forgot to turn off several lights and two televisions, but made sure to lock the door to 1/3 of the house?"
,Not Recommended,232430,29661793,Posted: 2 February,all,Lowlander2,"Look past the kneejerk in all facets and you'll find an ambitious but lightweight story that wears a lot of its themes at face value. Gone Home's biggest problem is that its wonderful, mostly open mansion is saddled with a linear story with A-to-B journal entries and locked doors that clearly direct the story and hamper the sense of immersion the environment is meant to bring. Once, I would have considered it woorth playing just for historical purposes, but perhaps I was wrong to perceive it would set so many trends, as it feels like its brand of emergent storytelling is on the decline if anything.Full review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NtKVUC8ssQ"
,Not Recommended,232430,34060947,Posted: 6 August,all,HxCVarrath,This game was boring to say the least. The storyline wasn't remotely interesting and the overall feel of the game lent to a creeping experience that just turned into a cliche story with a fall flat ending. The tension created by the atmosphere and misleading story about the house being a 'psycho house' just led to a disappointing 'reveal' and what I suppose was meant to be a feel-good and inspiring ending that really just left me feeling ripped off. Do not recommend this game at all unless you want a lack luster house exploration simulator with no real substance.
,Not Recommended,232430,8675090,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,MissBunny,"Gone home is set in the early 90's and you play as Kate, coming home from a trip from Europe. While the graphics and enviroment are beautiful, the story isn't that compelling. I found myself waddling around the house interacting needlessly with garbage and toothbrushes. Seemingly enough no one was home upon my return, all the lights were off, and a creepy side-story felt like an attempt at adding horror and suspense to an otherwise lackluster story. It's got some funny content, which adds a lighter side to this game, however, I felt as if the narative was very predictable. The narrator did a beautiful job at voicing and the music was decent. Overall, I would not recommend this game unless you're in for under 5 bucks and you're willing to muddle around uselessly in a beautifully modeled CGI home. 3/10"
,Not Recommended,232430,13955360,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Sigilien,"The graphics are okay.The story is well written, and you get emotionally involved bit by bit as you slowly uncover the story. That is a big big plus.The soundtrack is nice.It's just so damn short, I was very disappointed. I finished the game in 2,5 hours at most, and that includes getting a little stuck at one part, the game crashing on me twice, and looking at every detail that could mean something to the story. Definately not worth 19,99 euros. It is a good game, but I regret buying it. There is hardly any replay value because once you know the story there is nothing more to learn."
76561197961222149,Not Recommended,232430,8615485,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Corax Ashishishe,"One of the most disappointing and misleading ""interactive experiences"" I have ever endured. Waste of time, waste of money. Do yourself a favor and avoid."
,Not Recommended,232430,10813164,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Dad,THIS GAME IS MY BALLS.
76561198129479370,Not Recommended,232430,18468075,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,AVeryEnglishLetsPlay,"Purely because of the price. It's an ok story. Interesting to walk through and see stuff and then find diary entries which explain everythihng you're seeing and you start to piece together the story visually as well as through the audio diaries. It's nice. It's a nice game and story but it's only a maximum of 2 hours long. And to me that  is not worth the price they're asking. I got it on sale so it's not so bad. But yeah, if it's on sale then by all means check it out. But if it's any more then £5 it's not wrth it... Even then I think £5 is pushing it."
,Not Recommended,232430,8612740,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Cuckoo BananaPuffs,"Unfortunately the story and exploring the game just don't make it worth the full price, in my opinion. And as a game that calls itself a story exploration experience, that kinda shows just how little the game has to offer. I could understand if the narrative were a bit more compelling, but the discovery of the story is in no way organic.I can't understand how the game made it on so many top 5 lists for the year. Maybe consider picking it up for less than $5, but even then it would be hard for me to recommend to almost anyone."
76561198109638347,Not Recommended,232430,8477665,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,funkyst3amboats,"The hype and awe surrounding this title is extremely misleading.  There is only an hour or so of content.  The story is predictable.  I heard ALOT from PCGamer, IGN and Gamespot about the quality of the game and the excellent narrative - I now feel duped and am really dissappointed.  I am most upset that I spent my hard earned money on this cheap stunt."
76561198015232373,Not Recommended,232430,25905362,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Hans Olo,"The game is not really bad, but the presentation as a scary game does not fit the story. For a ""Walking Simulator""-game the actual story is quite shallow. Still the game is kind of enjoyable, but short for the full price of $20"
,Not Recommended,232430,14170694,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,[LUE] auto2112,"I played through, and completed 'Gone Home' and was left with massive disappointment. This is no game at the end of the day, it feels more like a tech demo of sorts.Graphically, it does the job that it sets out to do I suppose, with nothing awe-inspiring to be found within. Everything is presented as you would expect with most 'home' locations in games these days. The rooms are very well decorated and do feel very realistic in their layout.Audio-wise, there's not a lot really besides a fair few audio dialogues throughout the game. They tell the story of why the house is empty, mainly through letters written by the protagonist's sister. She gives brief details on the father and mother but mostly talks about what's been going on in her recent life and ultimately, reveals nothing of significance to the person playing the game. There's nothing found within the storyline laid out before you that actually impacts upon what you're experiencing in the house and as a result it feels a very dis-jointed experience. If anything, it's extremely mis-leading as what sounds and feels like a horror game of sorts becomes... nothing. A simple traipse through an empty house.It's hard to say how the game plays when there's really no game to be found within. It's like a 3D version of those mind-numbing hidden object games, except you aren't exactly given clues in 'Gone Home' as to what you need or why.Reviewers apparently went crazy for thise game, and awards were bestowed upon it. I just don't know where the hype and praise came from because deep down, it just feels like a more advanced version of HL2's 'Lost Coast' mod, or 'Dear Esther'. If you have come to 'Gone Home' expecting some kind of survival horror, or heck, even just a game with a beginning and an end, you won't find it here.In a word? Dreadful."
76561197975238415,Not Recommended,232430,23457695,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Jersey77,"While this walking simulator actually has puzzles to solve and a decent atmosphere, it is a very short game.It should only be purchased at 75% off or more (if games that are just slightly interactive stories are your cup of tea that is).This ""game"" is far better than Dear Esther. That's about the only kind thing I can say about it."
,Not Recommended,232430,7872659,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,HuRT L0cK3R,Waste of time and money! Do not buy this game!
,Not Recommended,232430,12783203,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Disco Tepee,"Bought it for five bucks on a sale. Still not worth it.If you (for whatever mind-boggling reason) enjoy listening to insufferably angsty teenagers and watching a story that sets up plenty of intrigue without a single shred of payoff, then I suggest you just watch a walkthrough."
76561197993240885,Not Recommended,232430,9111716,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Strelok,"After going home I wish I could leave it again.This game is extremely short (2 hours or less), which normally I would count as a negative, but for this game it is a massive plus. The game is boring. That's the best term I can think of for it. It's just flat out boring. A close runner-up term is ""overrated"". I truley think that the only reason this game won any Game of the Year nominations is becasue *Spoilers from here* it has a homosexual character that is not a blatant sterotype or a negative caricature. I agree that it's an important step to have characters like this in modern storytelling, but raving about it and handing out 10/10 scores is just misleading to a consumer.The story is an extremely standard one of teenage romance with the only true difference being the homosexuality. It's so paint-by-the-numbers that I had called the plot after the first two or three notes from your sister. Initially I was not too annoyed by this because at the beginning of the game they start with an atmosphere of a horror game and I thought perhaps the gay sister storyline would take backseat to something far more interesting. Unfortunatley as the game went on it became more and more clear that the horror aspect was just used as a way to pull people in enough to listen to what turned out to be a dull and cliched story. I was really, desperatley hoping that at the end the writers had done something different, such as finding out that the sister had commited suicide in the attic after her lover leaves her to join the army or something completley out of left field like her demon-ghost uncle ate her, but no. No, we just get the ""Oh, she changed her mind about joining the army and now we're going to live happily ever after away from our parents who just don't understand our love blah blah blah"" boring, cliched ending.In the end I just felt cheated by this game. There are vague rumblings about a much more interesting story within this game (ghosts, crazy uncles), but they are complete Red Herrings to keep you interested enough to suffer through the teenage angst story. Even now, several months after playing this, I still get angry when I think about my wasted time and money. I am disappointed by the game so much that I wish I could remove it from my game library, even if I didn't get any money back for it (Thankfully I got it during a sale and did not pay the outrageous $20 that the game normally costs).Seriously, if you want a purely narrative driven game then there are games that do so much better than this (Walking Dead, The Stanley Parable, The Wolf Among Us, Myst, Monkey Island, etc.). Please look anywhere else if you want a game that makes you feel, unless you love the feeling of boredom."
,Not Recommended,232430,10955841,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Danny350,"This is not a game, it is an audio log with the ability to walk around. ""Unravel the mystery for yourself"" Your sister is a homosexual, mystery solved, and I saved you $20."
,Not Recommended,232430,8710114,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,El Crabo,Gone Homo
,Not Recommended,232430,24624567,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Haerra,That was one of the most anticlamactic games I've ever played.
,Not Recommended,232430,11776097,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Salty Bob,"More of a interactive museum than a game. The only real strong point here is there is a bit of exploration and it looks pretty good but other than that a very dull experience and might not even qualify as a game. As quite a few people might have heard the game is highly praised for its ""controversial"" subject matter but even with that the narritive is weak and poorly thought out so I believe the main draw even falls flat on it's face. The worst part about all of this is the price of admission is 20 dollars. That is absurdly high for such a lack luster experience and I regret buying this game. If it was something that was free I would have at least given it points for trying something different.TL;DR: Don't believe any of the hype. Barely even a video game. Fails to deliever on it's main focus: the plot."
76561198060705113,Not Recommended,232430,11788813,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Space Beaver,Finished in about 1.5 hrs. Not worth the money.
,Not Recommended,232430,22556322,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Princess Cellestia,"A 2 hour long interactive picture book if you look for EVERYTHING that lasts about an hour at most (maybe longer if you don't read well, actually sit through all the sloooowly spoken dialogue, or have trouble finding stuff, I spent a LOT of time looking for things that just weren't there trying to prove to myself that I didn't waste my money).  That's the best way to describe this.  Would have made an ok short story, but as a game it's just dull.  Pick a thing up, read something or someone talks to you, move to the next thing.This tends to be my view of all walking sims, they're picture books you interact with, and honestly I'd rather just read it if there's no meat to it.  No real puzzles, no challenges and most importantly no failure state means I just can't support this being called a game.   And YES there could have been plenty of little challenges to make it a ""game"".  This is the story, from what I remember, of a teenager, they couldn't have owned a puzzle box or two to hold their things?  Couldn't have had some diary entries or notes written in code?  Couldn't have had a story item hidden and put 2-3 clues for a neat scavenger hunt?  Yes I did these things as a teenager, and yes it was fun.  You can have walking sims (which are interactive books, not games) and add content that will make it into a game.  It's not hard if you try.Now I love me the hell out of narrative, story is the most important thing in a game to me, but when the story wouldn't even be 20 pages if it were in a book, then why am I paying so much for it in ""game"" form?  If this were 2-3 bucks I'd probably say to give it a try if you like this sort of thing, but for 20 damn bucks?  No, not on your life.  When you can watch the game on youtube and get the EXACT SAME experience as playing it yourself, then: 1 it's not a game and 2 the dev failed to even try to make it one.TL;DR:  An interactive pop up book basically that's not terrible like some people say, however charging 20 bucks for this ""game"" is a sure fire sign that the devs are too damn full of themselves.  5 bucks MIGHT be ok for this but not 20 bucks.  There are hundreds of much MUCH better games out there with stories as good or better than this that feature actual game play.  And for a lot of them you can get 5 or 6 of those games for the same price."
,Not Recommended,232430,14443250,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Beaztea,Very dull. I regret buying this game. Took less than an hour to finish. Don't buy it if you're looking for anything interesting with longitivity.
,Recommended,232430,25698363,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,naturrutan,"Turn down the lights, pour yourself a glass of wine and put your headphones on.This is a very well crafted story driven game that contains no shooting, fighting or platforming. It might not be for everyone but it's one of my all time favorites."
76561197984122115,Not Recommended,232430,10522975,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Fuschnicken,"I love narrative driven games. I love reading great stories, and I especially love stories that are character-centric, where you see characters grow and evolve. Despite all of this, Gone Home did not resonate with me at all. It was mostly boring, as the story that it told was rather predictable and cliché. I was hoping that it would eventually catch my interest by going in some unforseen direction but unfortunately that never happened. I will say that the main character's little sister isn't lacking in wit though. I did snicker a few times reading some of the things she had left behind. Still, not nearly enough to justify the price of admission."
,Not Recommended,232430,16803160,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,[REDi]1R LCPL Brad Cage,"I readthisreview by Simmy and started to write a comment on it; it turned into a review instead :)----There are no story spoilers in this review!-------------------------------Simmy's however contains spoilers!------------------I can only agree with this review.I bought this game -well walking simulator but I digress- back when it came out. At the start I was shocked, it made me scared of the dark!I played it at the middle of the night with all the lights off.I had no idea what I was in for!Walking down the game's hallway like *Creak! Creak!*""Okay I am fine."" I said to myself with chattering teeth. ""Yes I am fine, it is just the house. Just the house, nothing to worry about.""HUGE CREAK! + BIG CRASH OF THUNDER! + EVERYTHING CREEPY!(Insert inappropriate language at you discretion)""OH goodness! oh my! oh !   oh !   oh !   oh !""Heart attack is the best way to describe this ;)""Okay I am going to turn around right NOW! ARRRRGH! ... Whew okay nothing there!""Wait!Oh no this it the past where I turn around thinking I am safe. But I am not!Deeeeeep breath""Okay I am going to turn around again... NOW! GAHHHHHHHHHHHH!""Huh? Nothing there? Quick keep moving! GO GO GO! Yes a door thank goodness!Wait!""Is... is that t-t-talking? Oh flip! I am not even looking behind myself again not matter what!!""Which leaves only one choice!GULP!""Okay I am just going to slowly creep up to that door, yes slowly........slowly""So I get to the door.................................30 seconds later......I am still at the door. Just standing there.""Well it is now or never!""Nothing........HELP!I don't want to do this anymore!Summon COURAGE!....nothing......Buck it!LEEROY JENKINS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!""ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!""I get inside...""Oh it is just the TV?""Whew!needless to say I felt a bit stupid.So I relax a bit...........EVERYTHING HAPPENS: LIGHTNING, THUNDER, CREAKS LIKE NONE OTHER! EVEN THE DARN LIGHTS FLICKER!!!!!NOPE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I am done!Alt+F4!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Runs off to bed and cowers under the covers!""No sleep tonight!""_________________________________________________So now you are thinking:Josh (it's me name fool) how it this game bad? That sounded awesome!Yes it was :)Allow me to explain.Do you remember that new reboot 'Tomb Raider' game? (those of you who don't just follow along)Well it is quite a good game right, at least the first half is.Then it changes to full stupid!This game changes to full stupid?No, but it does get stupid.The ""twist"" that I saw coming wayyyyyyyyyyyyy before it really happened is just weird.It doesn't even feel real; it just feels... I don't know... dumb?I mean come on!From that point on the 'twist' is the only thing the game cares about, it leaves the great atmosphere behind in favour of being a social issue warrior.You getting what I mean?I want to play a game not advertising!This is the way Simmy put it:""The beginning of this game was interesting, had a great atomosphere, and kept me invested enough to want to solve this ""games"" so-called mystery. Then the development team decide to do a complete 180 near the end of the game and throw everything straight out the window. The ending did not pay off, plain and simple.""Nuff said.TL;DRIf you are here for the great atmosphere (at the start) and clean scares i.e. you see nothing that is or was alive and no blood, that sort of thing.You will find them here; but I can't help but think there are other better games for that sort of thing.If you want a 'cheap' (in more than two ways) romance; well again nothing special to see here.And well that is it. That is all it contains.Did I enjoy the start?Heck yes!Would I buy it again?HECK NO!Sorry folks"
,Not Recommended,232430,17964118,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,LITTLEWEENIEWEENIEPANTS,"Definitely spend your last 20$ on this game. Even if you won't be able to eat for the rest of the week, buy this game! You owe it to LBGT comunities everywhere to play through 1 hour of boring, actionless ""gameplay"" for the sake of the most unimaginative, overly precious, and pandering (second hand) teen romance you can experience in video games to date. Someday I truely hope that LBGT characters in video games can be represented without being mocked or trivialized, but until that day comes, we only have Gone Home to give us a very sub-par representation in an experience that can barely be called a game."
,Not Recommended,232430,23939684,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Aesthetic Smegma,"For real, do not buy this game when it goes off sale. I only bought it because it cost £3.00, originally it's price is £14.99, which in my opinion is totally not worth it for this short game.Honestly, the game is very well done and there's quite a bit exploring to do and a lot of effort has been put into it but like I say it is not worth the original price, at first you have no idea what to expect... although I feel like the horror themed atmosphere kind of gives off the wrong vibe, I was expecting some scary♥♥♥♥♥♥to happen but... it didn't, just because of the vibe of it, I did read that the game is not horror but it still seemed like it was supposed to be scary.Anyway, it is cool that other small details were cool like the mother/father side story as well as the uncle but I was a little disappointed because I expecting more from one of those stories in particular. I guess it was there to prolong the game a little. But I feel like it was just a huge build up for nothing.It's a ""cute"" story, I guess, but I felt disappointed. I literally said ""is that it?"" at the end. It is short and I didn't expect it to be any longer but I was definitely disappointed with the outcome of the story.I streamed the game play and a viewer even said ""I don't get it, what even happened?""."
76561197987324143,Not Recommended,232430,10868521,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,GoatsHeadSoup,"Yikes! If ever there was a game that completely punctuated the difference between those who critique games for websites/magazines and those who actually purchase and play those games, it is Gone Home. The critics absolutely adored this game and the gamers despised it. Hmmmm. This tells me to never trust a metascore ever again and to stick to the reviews written by those who have actually purchased the game and played it. (Thank heaven for Steam reviews!)The description of the game states, ""No Combat, No Puzzles: Gone Home is a nonviolent and puzzle-free experience, inviting you to play at your own pace without getting attacked, stuck, or frustrated."" And I am usually OK with games of that sort IF they can hold my attention and are somewhat engaging. Gone Home was neither attention holding nor was it engaging. Walk around, read notes, listen to a story that clearly has an agenda to it, and that's all. The story line felt rather forced and unnatural and perhaps even a bit silly. After an hour I began to get bored with trying to reveal this preposterous story by digging through every drawer in the house in the hope that there might be another bit of info that would help the story progress a bit, I just gave up. No amount of vodka was going to make this game interesting for me. Glad I bought it on sale."
,Not Recommended,232430,19923446,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,L,"Developer out of their mind. Do no support.http://imgur.com/Zw6OsHjhttp://imgur.com/nVAqaoKI've played the game to see if it was worth or not and:-Graphic is bad optimised: physic bugs dropped my fps to 3 for one minute straight.-The story doesn't make sense.-It's a walking simulator with 3 hidden codes to find. That's it.-The voice acting is remarkable, a pity has ""gone wasted"" (pun intended) on this game.However, the real disaster is the background story, the pitiful attempt at making a videogame that had LGBT themes: everything feels utterly forced and it's obvious that the developer didn't intend to create good characters who happens to be gay, but simply to create gay characters. The result is an icky character that, recording by recording, tells the player her ordinary story about being an homosexual teenager.The concept of a person coming home expecting a family and finding it empty is alluring, but the execution didn't succeed at creating a rich playground; this game can keep the user busy for slightly more than an hour, two at most. Good work recreating a '90s feeling, but the world isn't convincing enough to raise a real nostalgia.Graphic: 6/10Sound: 8/10Longevity: 3/10Gameplay: 4/10Overall: 5/10Avoid at all cost: I might overlook the flaws and tell you it's worth a couple of bucks, but I find rather hypocrite a game that shoves LGBT themes down your throat when its developer bans you for, literally, nothing.Buy A Story About My Uncle, The Stanley Parable or the free Only If, instead.http://store.steampowered.com/app/278360/http://store.steampowered.com/app/221910/http://store.steampowered.com/app/298260/"
76561198124482181,Not Recommended,232430,17200211,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,bassmickey,Really wanted to like this game... but it didn't happen... couldn't relate to the plot... Thought walking around a house would be fun... I was wrong...
,Not Recommended,232430,18313562,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,yutt,"Gone Home is a walking simulator set in an abandoned house buried in overt 90s nostalgia. You slowly walk around and read various pieces of paper while turning on lights.Occasionally there is narration of a not-particularly-interesting, very 90s-teen-romance sort of story. The writer obviously thought their writing was incredible, because there is nothing else to the game.Dawson's Creek the game, without any actors. Just a house, where you read pieces of paper.Anyone who enjoyed this game would be better served rewatching Dawson's Creek and My So Called Life reruns."
,Not Recommended,232430,19288711,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,[EX] XaZ 🎃,"I played this game to see if any of the silly ""its not a video game"" or ""TUMBLR SWJ"" Bullsh*t was in anyway accurate...Well I would call this a game but not one worth 20$ (I got it for 10$ and still not really worth that to me)Lets tackle this right out the gate... The radical feminist ""Fight the patriarchy"" stuff is nowhere as bad as some dummies would have you believe. Its a minuscule little magazine that is quickly forgotten about and is not part of the games overall message in anyway. Now onto the game,This is an explorative story game about young love as a homosexual, and if that is to ""SJW"" for you just f*ck off and play a different game. Although honestly I'd suggest most people to play another game anyway because this is a very very short game.Gone Home doesn't really dive into much more than the young love story, but it tries to dip its toes in other bigger topics... That is where it fails for me not properly handling the big topics, and glancing over them like there no big deal. I will say I did have a lot of fun exploring the house and the atmosphere was superb. There were times I genuinely felt like I was in a dark stormy house all alone. For me the story didn't grab me like I felt it should it just came off pretty bland, but the potential for a story is all around. It could of been a lot more if it truly dived in and tackled the big topics instead of using them as a light seasoning. Overall I didn't get why this game is the punching bag people have made it into its not really worth that level of hate. This isn't anywhere near the level of atrocious as something like Dear Esther. Its just a short explorative story driven game... with a sub-par story.Pros:- Nice Explorative Gameplay.- Great Immersive Atmosphere.- Coming to terms with homosexuality was handled and built up well.- Made me feel like I was in 1995 again.Cons:- (As a homosexual) The handling and dealing with homophobia wasn't great, only slight passing references.- Awful garage punk rock music.- Sub-par Story / Extremely short.- Made me feel like I was in 1995 again.6/10 - Alright, not really worth your time."
,Not Recommended,232430,17010871,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,ManuTOO,"At $20, this ""game"" is a total rip-off.Fortunately, I got it a $5, so it was a somewhat pleasant experience, a bit boring, and without any kind of suspense after 40% of the adventure done.So at its present price tag, I can't recommend it. At $5, maybe give it a try if my description didn't scare you... ;-)"
,Not Recommended,232430,10903895,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,just name drop me at the pub aye,"Simply, and completely: overrated."
76561198010172588,Not Recommended,232430,10810634,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ingestible Bulk,"I really wanted to like this game.  I love being the contrarian, but for a game thats all about the story the story was pretty transparent.  Once you hear the first 2-3 journal entries in the game you should be able to piece together exactly what is going to happen.  The atmosphere is pretty good, while playing at night with headphones I was able to lose myself pretty well in the game, but my God, the story is just horribly transparent and predictable."
76561198012374319,Not Recommended,232430,34034033,Posted: 5 August,all,Le Cid,"To put it bluntly, this ""interactive exploration simulator"" was worth neither a cent from my pocket nor a minute of my time. I had read reviews whose authors felt deeply engaged and affected by the story. I wanted that to happen, I waited for that to happen, for the ""game"" to make me feel something, anything. It never did, and for once I was glad a game was short, as I had finished it in less than 3 hours."
,Not Recommended,232430,33368305,Posted: 8 July,all,Gargoyle,"Took 70 minutes to complete, and I took my time. Can't believe the price.Over-the-top melodrama. Atmosphere dies after the first ten to fifteen seconds."
76561198006449936,Not Recommended,232430,18310856,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Hiten,"Interactive movie is all that needs to be said. The setting was nice, but throughout playing the game there is this constant expectation of... something, but that something never really happens. It feels that the game is here to convey the story, instead of the story being a vehicle for the game as a whole. The story was cute, if a little cliche (teenager discovering her love of girls, parents not supportive, runs away). I get that the game is supose to inflate the LGBT gaming ""roster"", but I feel that ultimately the game was disappointing, and dare I say it, kind of boring.Best description for this game: interactive movie.3/10"
,Not Recommended,232430,13906599,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,6twistedbiscuits,"I know next to nothing about computers. I can tell you it has windows 7 on it and that's about it. I'm assured by someone much more technologically advanced than I am that I have ""8gig Ram, 500gig hard drive... you know what? It's an Advent Monza N2. Google will give much better information than I can.Anyway. I mention because I bought Gone Home and the Laptop doesn't like it at all. Not a bit. I can play anything else with little problem but this game wouldn't even load at first. My technologically advanced friend had a look at it, got rid of something to do with '32' and that made it so the game would open. It's slow, juddery, takes an ice-age for the character to cross the room and generally isn't much fun, which is a shame because the game itself looks quite good.There is a lot of detail gone into it and an interesting plot. Someone cared very much about what they were creating. While attempting to look up ways to fix the game, given that a refund doesn't look possible, I saw that the creators bent over backwards to help people fix whatever problems they were having.If you have the braining abilities to fix any problems you might experience, go for it. What little I've played - bear in mind this isn't much - is quite good. If you're like me an know nothing, either ask someone who does or don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,232430,16766293,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,dal,"This game isn't atmospheric, interesting, or fun at all. This ""game"" consists of a girl walking around a home talking to herself about how much she wants to ♥♥♥♥ her girlfriend, and ends after 30 minutes. Get a refund if you bought it, I can't."
,Not Recommended,232430,10781492,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,.45 ACP,"If you ever wanted to experience how much fun it possibly could be,when your expensive Graphics-card is getting fried by a rather simple 3D-game,although you probably haven't seen more of it yet than a rotating cassette tape as the first loading screen - - then i tell you, go ahead and buy this game!Possibly you could have a lot more fun,like i did if you are not fast enough to try to get out of the loading screen,whose tape is rotating and rotating and rotating and rotating...and are suddenly forced to reset your machine, funnily you will know the time has come,when the cassette tape isn't rotating any more but no traces of any game in sight -- because then the PC will have gone completely frozen.Oh boy DID i have fun - inside the PC the GPU is experiencing a meltdown,but the rest of the system is ""frozen"",how funny is that, isn't it?Because strg-alt-del won't work anymore in this case...Or you are a lazy person and let things go its way and wanna watch the still-picture of a once rotating tape a further minute longer or so,(when you still believe that the game is just loading some files, but you can't say for sure,because the fan noise of your Graphics got so loud you can't hear the reading patterns of your hard-disks anymore...) until your machine will restart itself, as a result from the overheating.Sometimes the lazy way won't work though, and the machine doesn't reset itself,so you won't get around switching off your machine manually to give it some rest for a few seconds and let your graphics card cool down a bit.Anyway, it's getting even more interesting from then on,when you could be busily watching a light-blue coloured windows screen,with your OS testing file integrity of your hard disks, and if you have even greater luck,you will get completely thrilled when you watch your OS trying to repair some completely broken files from switching off the machine without having done the usual properly shutdown...Yeah, you could do this a few more times for expandig all the fun up to the max,and i promise with the following method you still may have a pretty good timeeven without ever touching the start-button of the game again,yay, three hours will fly by as if it had only been 20 minutes,to enjoy this pleasure you just have to be busy reading in the forum-section adressing technical problems,and you may find, no, you WILL find others having the same problem like you and me,but being completely ignored...at least regarding the funny boiling-GPU issue, but only if you managed to find these lucky soulsif you fully dig your way through the so-far 280 threads,reading about the weirdest issues you heard about for probably a long time...http://steamcommunity.com/app/232430/discussions/1/Doing all this could squeeze out a full day of good reading time,so i have to admit i got pretty good bang-for-the-buck.Me < still reading in the forums, no, not in the forums anymore,i begin to google for a solution to get the serios stuff out from this game,the stuff i read about in some reviews in steam and other sites.Maybe you don't get all this diverting entertainment and only have to switch off your anti-virus-scanner,or only have to rename some files, or have to operate deeper in the bowels of some games files to get this piece-of-**** to work on your machine,i.e. your hardware doesn't get involved like mine did.Then poor you :-(For the masochist in me, it was a great experience !umm... i have to admit, until i tried to start this game i didn't even know i had a liability to masochism...- so the conclusion is, i already got a valuable life lesson out of this game,even without having played it for one second !This must be magic.But if you doubt you could be such a lucky dog like me getting all the unexpected and unpromised amusing time i had from buying this game,then of course don't fall for the lure especially when it's on a steam-sale...That's the second lesson i learned today:steer clear of any game, especially for this one, until you didn't have a look into it's forums,and if you still want to buy the game i tell you - for learning you're a masochist,you don't have to shell out all the bucks -you simply just could remove the fan of your hot GPU,and give your harddisks some good spanking to their case, while they're busy working..."
76561198053438343,Not Recommended,232430,10777470,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,thieflordgamer,"I was apprehensive about buying this game due to the negative user reviews, but I was curious to play it given the high scores it received from professional reviewers, so I purchased it when it was on sale for very cheap. I'm not motivated enough to organize my thoughts to the extent that I can fully express my disappointment with the game, especially given that I will likely be repeating what previous reviews have said, but after completing it I am simply bewildered that Gone Home has received the acclaim that it has.Understand that if you buy this game at full price, you are being completely ripped off. I went through the game very leisurely on an afternoon and finished it in a couple of hours. It is also pure narrative, containing no puzzles of any kind. I didn't find the story particularly engaging, and I realized long before its conclusion that the reason no members of the main character's family were home would not be remotely interesting. I do appreciate when games (and media in general) touch on themes that are underrepresented, but this game does so in a way that is far too obvious; if the player was 15 minutes into the game and then learned what unfolds in the rest of the narrative, he/she would not receive any surprises. One specific thing I did appreciate about way the story of Gone Home was presented was the subtle presentation of the nature of the parents' relationship, allowing the player to reach his/her own conclusions about, for example, the irony of the tumult present within their marriage despite their harsh judgment of their daughter's relationship.I hesitate to refer to Gone Home as a game, as it truly just amounts to walking through the house, reading notes, and listening to recordings of the main character's sister. Picking up objects in the house adds nothing to the game, so if you are hoping at least for item investigation in the vein of L.A. Noire crime scenes, you will be completely disappointed. Gameplay-wise, the one thing you do in the game, walking, isn't even particularly fluid. Walking through the house was not a fun experience.Even if this game had been free, it still wouldn't have been worth the time I spent playing it. Do not let the high review scores fool you into thinking that you should at least play this game so that you can know this segment of the video game canon. Its sole contribution is having a story that revolves around adolescent homosexuality, and it does not even do that in a way that is remotely interesting or innovative. Not only does this game not do anything new, it strips out all elements that make a game fun to play (or that actually make a game a game).This is coming from someone who loves video games of all kinds as an art form, considers unique indie games such as Braid and Limbo among his favorite games: I would not recommend buying this game at any price. I would not even recommend spending the time playing this game if you receive it for free. If you must, look up the audio recordings and listen to them, and you will truly have just about the full experience that you would if you had spent the couple of hours that it takes to trudge around the house. I think the reviewers who gave this game so much hype are completely mistaken about its quality, and I will never fathom how it could remotely be in the conversation for Game of the Year in the same year that saw the release of The Last of Us."
,Not Recommended,232430,8443211,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Best Lukie Pookie NA,"Gone Home is a short, lightly interactive storytelling type experience. You play a character that comes home and solves a family mystery by searching the house for clues. Unfortunately, the solution to the mystery is largely juvenile and uninteresting in my opinion, but even more distressing, the act of solving the mystery is not a particularly harrowing experience either.Though I am glad to see this type of story telling explored, this particular game did very little for me."
,Not Recommended,232430,10739921,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Flingsquids,"It's a teenage love story with lesbians. The story is the only reason to play it, and it's not a good one. The main character, Sam, isn't interesting at all. She's just the typical lesbian archetype. The father seems a little more interesting, in that he has such trouble in his writing. The mother and character you control are far too under developed. Sam's belongings are scattered across the house, and the cassettes are placed in strange places. The real mystery is how a bad writer and an enviormentalist can afford such a big and complex house."
,Not Recommended,232430,29910363,Posted: 13 February,all,Thyrof,"As I was playing this game for 30 minutes I started to have the feeling that the makers really created something interesting. One main story and multiple sub stories around it, maybe getting intertwined? But then, an hour into the game I got the feeling that the main story wasn't really that special, but who knows. And then, less than 2 hours into the game the end credits rolled past after a very predictable, cheesy and anticlimactic ending. I am glad I did not pay more than € 5,- for this, but even that was to much."
76561198116883121,Not Recommended,232430,16471770,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Okamifan1 #90's4ever,"A very poorly executed point n click game which had a ton of potential, as a fan of point and clicks I am used to slow gameplay but I expect at least some story and this is what ultimately kills Gone Home as it has no story and only items which are supposed to tell a story but fail to do so."
,Not Recommended,232430,21673810,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,MW2K,"For all of the talk about the lesbian relationships, chasing your romantic dreams, running away from home, teenage angst and so on, there's one salient thing about this ""game"" that sinks it for me. What normal, rational family live in a house where half of it is only accessible by secret doors? It makes no sense in a game where the story and the feelnigs strive for sense. It is completely off-putting and ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,232430,10777338,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TripLikeIDo,"""Game"" for angry white girls, not for sporty d00ds or people who go outside."
,Not Recommended,232430,10894625,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Colonel Mustard,"You are a Mom and Dad's Prodigy returning home from your trip around the world.Coming home only to find that Mom and Dad are away on an anniversary trip and nobody home.Finally looking around the house you find out that you sister is gone.Finding clues on to where she has gone and why.This game was short and nothing building up to it. I wish there was more to say, but there isn't."
,Not Recommended,232430,10908225,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Marlies,"Nicely designed game; lots of detail and 90’s nostalgia all over the place. And that’s about everything good about it. You’re tricked into believing there’s some kind of supernatural horror story going on; you come across creepy answering machine messages, flickering lights, mysterious ghost stories, etc. However, as you progress further you start realizing the horrible truth; NOTHING scary or even slightly disturbing is going to happen. At all. Turns out to be one of those storytelling games, and one with an incredibly lame story too.Two hours of pretty straightforward, repetitive gameplay are definitely not worth the 20 dollars. Buy it now it’s 75% off on sale or don’t buy it at all."
,Not Recommended,232430,10913870,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Baeleaf,Its kinda fun but it makes you feel like something is gonna pop up and scare you because of the eerie atmosphere and all the creaking but nothing happens and you dont really do anything but go around and click on things and listen to the story line which isnt a bad thing if you just wanna play a chill game but it gets kinda boring.
,Not Recommended,232430,10781118,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,dj_doughy,"I'm on the fence on this one. Somehow I got to the end skipping over a huge portion of the story the first time around. The detail to this game is insane, but there's so much missing from it. Whats behind the locked doors. Whats the story behind their insane uncle? etc etc. I felt like that there could be more to this to make it a fully immersible game. Also it needs to be mentioned this is an incredibly short game (3 hours dinking around looking at everything). For the price, I can't recommend this game (unless you get it on a flash sale like I did)."
76561198036265240,Not Recommended,232430,10801275,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,alvickilou,"I held much anticipation for this game, as I had wanted it for a while. Finally bought it and was very disappointed.The game content itself was good, enjoyable, but it was over far too quickly. I finished in the same night I bought it.  In hindsight I definitely shouldn't have paid full price for this game."
,Not Recommended,232430,10893418,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DillyDally,"For being an interactive novel, it's pretty good.  I was geniunely interested in learning about the family while traveling around the empty house and finding things that belonged to them and little notes.  That being said, I'm very glad I got during the summer sale when it was marked down heavily, for it's normal price I can't justify recommending it on the novelty of the short story alone.  If it's 50% off? Go for it.  Otherwise pass and watch it on Youtube."
76561198080007188,Not Recommended,232430,10895033,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Analisi,"I wanted so much more out of this game. The gameplay was fantastic, but the overall story was cut way to short. I would have preferred a longer game so that the story could make more sense.I would not waste your money for an hours worth of playing."
,Recommended,232430,20781646,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Dovahkiin,Gone Home is an emotional immersive story. It's very thought provoking and will stay with you for a while after finishing the game. It's a great experience for those that love story based games. I am not going to go in to detail about the game because i don't want to spoil it for others.Would i recommend the game yes.I would even give this game a 9/10.
,Recommended,232430,28620964,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,krisdestruction,This game starts off with you knowing nothing and shrouds you with complete mystery. It keeps you on the edge of your seat wanting more as the immersive audio and thoughtful notes ties together a heartfelt storyline for each character's development. The narrative unfolds to conveys the story in an elegant and excellent tone. My gameplay was 3 hours and it ended with a nice finish.Well played and well worth the money I paid.
,Not Recommended,232430,10187928,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,bonerchamp,"I bought this based on the hype from critics, but found the whole game very short, and VERY boring. It almost isn't even a game. I kept thinking something exciting was going to happen, but then it turned out to be something that could have just been a story from one your friend's lives (and not one of those exciting stories either). Would not recommend at all. Wish I did not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,232430,13631119,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,pacoCasares,"The game was alright, and it had a fuzzy warm welcoming, but, if I brought the game with its full price (20) Id have a heart attact. It offered really good ideas, and I wished that other games offered more of this instead of just shooting or slicing things. Sweet thank god I got this on super discount however. It is certainly NOT for everyone, but mainly for people that like to explore and read things. So its more of an interactive adventure EXPERIENCE. No element of game should EVER be introduced in the type here. I haven't played Dear Ester or Carter yet, but this game can certainly enter in the category.I finished the game in under 2 hours.Also, what was with the terrible photos? they looked disfigured.I hope if they do another game, they have more interesting things to do, or locations to travel, or objects to interact more with than simply sticking cassetes to listen to girls scream."
76561197997030136,Recommended,232430,33422273,Posted: 9 July,all,Alysandir,"Before I begin my review, I want to preface it by saying I'm not what I would consider this game's target audience to be, in that I am male and was alive as an adult during the period this game takes place. I say this, because I think it probably colors my perceptions in the way the game is presented, so I want anyone who reads this to bear this in mind.In short, this is a fairly short linear adventure-type game where the gameplay involves you, the protagonist, searching a rather enormous house for clues as to why there is no one home to greet you after an extended period away. These clues come in the form of objects you discover that trigger story snippets to be revealed to you. Typically, this kind of presentation requires a fairly tight, compelling story and immersive elements that make up for the lack of gameplay.I'm sorry to say that, ""Gone Home,"" doesn't quite make it on either story or immersion, but I'm recommending it anyway, under a very specific set of criteria, which I will give at the end of the review.First and foremost, this game is almost certainly not what you think it is from reading the copy or watching the trailers. This is not a haunted house exploration, there is nothing that's going to jump out at you. Even playing the first five minutes of the game, that's what it feels like it's going to be, but that's a false feeling. Oh sure, there's a loud thunderstorm and creaking boards and - was that  someone whispering? - but it's all a red herring. This game loses the spooky factor within the first 5-10 minutes. I'm really not even sure why it's there.The immersion here, what there is, comes from the way the game presents the house to you. The decor and the flavor elements have a decidedly mid-to-late 1980s feel to them (the game takes place in 1994), including the soundtrack, which is presented to you through cassette tapes you find in many rooms throughout the house (if you see a cassette player in a room, there's a tape in there somewhere, guaranteed). There is also a very strong, ""high school teenaged girl,"" vibe throughout the decor and found objects, which you may find nostalgic, endearing, or cringeworthy, depending on your perspective. Personally, I was in the cringeworthy category, but in my defense - as per my preface - I don't think I represent the target audience this game was meant for. This is a game I believe female players will get a lot more out of.A word about the music. It's punk. Now, personally, I don't remember a whole lot of punk music being played in the 1990s, but I guess it had to be getting played somewhere, because the game creators chose it specifically. And there is most definitely an anti-establishment punk vibe in a lot of the flavor objects you find. But I'm telling you this because the music is one of the stronger points to the game, that they really went all out to put together a set list that is one of the key selling points to the game...if you happen to like punk. Which I don't. (Remember the preface?) But as I gamer, I can still appreciate the effort that went into it.Visually, the game is...okay. Nothing horrid. Nothing superlative. It gets the job done. Other than the layout and sheer size of this house, I found nothing unusual, but you are going to get the standard, ""same background objects again and again,"" phenomenon you see in adventure games attempting to depict familiar surroundings.Controls were simple enough. You will use crouch, which was a pleasant surprise. I had to turn my mouse sensitivity waaaaay down; I've never had to do that with any game before, but on the lowest setting, it was tolerable.Let's talk about the story. Without giving too much away, there is a main story you are attempting to uncover, and three side stories. The side stories are really just about giving you something else to chew on while you work your way through the main story; they have no bearing on moving you along in the game. I tell you this because in the beginning you're writing names down and trying to keep everything straight...relax...just enjoy the ride. They are there for flavor. And for those three side stories, you never really do get a resolution to any of them, you just get some hints about how it might have ended or is still proceeding. A little good...a little depressing...and a little WTF was that all about?Now the main story is driver in the game. And again without giving away details, it's pretty strongly telegraphed in the beginning what the story is about. In fact, I will go so far as to say that the main story is a pretty heavy cliche for teenage angst, rebellion, and personal discovery and experimentation. The story will torque some people off, I'm afraid. So I will say right now that if you are strongly traditional when it comes to relationships, just take a pass on this one. I can see by reading the reviews that did not recommend the game, the ones who did so pretty much solely because they reject non-traditional relationships. Well, that's on them; I don't have a problem with such relationships.What I do have a problem with is that this, ""love story,"" referencing the New York Times review claiming this to be the, ""greatest video game love story ever told,"" is not very good. And with respect to the NYT, if this was - to you - the greatest love story ever told in a video game, then you have *got* to start playing more video games.What this story consisted of is a cliched telling of experiencing the first blossom of love, followed by acting like a pair of impulse-control-challenged teenagers. This is the standard, ""Brenda & Eddie"" scenario, from Billy Joel's ""Scenes from an Italian Restaurant,"" where you'd like to be happy for them, but you can't help but roll your eyes at it. I note that the story was courtesy of a writer from BioWare, to which I can only say, the trials that Shepard and Tali'Zorah needed to overcome in Mass Effect 2 & 3 are light years ahead of the story told here. (The line, ""But I *have* a home,"" breaks my heart to this day.)But again....preface...I'm not who this story is intended for. I'm sure some people out there will find this story immensely charming and romantic, much in the same way, ""Romeo and Juliet,"" could be seen as romantic, except for - you know - all the other stuff that happens.BUT...did the game do it's job? Did it tell a story that kept me interested until the end? Did I play it in one sitting? Did I give a crap enough about it to write an overly wordy and opinionated review for it? Yes, yes, yes, and apparently yes.Summary:So having said all of that, I think you *should* play, ""Gone Home,"" if you meet the following criteria:1. You can get it on sale. I'm afraid the value really just isn't there for the full $19.99 on Steam. There's just not enough meat on the bone for me to say it's a good value at $20. Especially when I've seen it offered for both free and less than $5 on Steam sales. Wait for a sale for this one.2. You aren't philosophically opposed to non-traditional relationships; because if you are, you're just going to find the game irritating and preachy, and probably not get anything positive out of it. Don't be that guy who buys a game he knows he's going to have a problem with and then ♥♥♥♥♥es about it later.3. You have an interest in the late 80s/early 90s and or the punk scene and will enjoy the immersion from the music and setting, either through nostalgia or visiting an era from before you were born."
,Not Recommended,232430,10359603,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Chef Candy-Pants,"This is not a good game. I paid $20 for this game expecting something relatively good for that kind of money. The player walks around an empty house for two hours looking for clues to where your family has gone. This games story is not unique, and not interesting, the only relatively different turn this story has is that its about two lesbians. If this game had been about a heterosexual couple, no one would like it. I absolutely do not recommend this game."
76561198059629181,Not Recommended,232430,10572231,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,AwesomeForce,Predictable story and sub plots. Less of a game more of interactive short story.
76561198078894751,Not Recommended,232430,8630585,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,CoffeeChops,"story is very typical teen luv story which would bug the hell outa anyone, going around the house is fun and creepy at times, only 2-3 hrs of gameplay MAX, and at $19.99 its just a ripoff stay away from this game."
,Not Recommended,232430,13603583,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,flipndestroy,"I love atmospheric, slow, non-traditional games.And I regret every moment I spent playing this one."
,Not Recommended,232430,9107097,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,XiaoXiaoMan,"Gone Home is not a game; it's an interactive story. I can respect that as a genre, but I feel this game could've been so much more. I don't care what PC Gamer or IGN said, I honestly wasn't blown away by the story. I didn't find it nearly as deep or immersive as the critics hype it up to be. The characters feel flat because we're not really told that much about them. You're supposed to go hunt around for notes and things to learn more about them, but even then, I felt like I was missing something. The in-depth character development just wasn't there. Overall, as a story, it's just too broad and underdeveloped. I dunno; it just feels like Thomas Was Alone and Papers, Please did a better job of evoking character depth and emotion than this game did.I think part of the reason I was disappointed was because I went in expecting a game laced with horror elements.  That's how it opened, anyway; dark and stormy night, a lot of lights turned off... But then it just gave me this. There's virtually no gameplay to speak of other than wandering around from place to place and occasionally interacting with things to keep the story going, but that's really it. I could've forgiven that if the story wasn't so shallow and confused (Actually, I really can't quite find the right words to describe the story). I also feel I spent too much time wandering around trying to figure out where I'm supposed to go or what to do.I wouldn't say this is the best indie game of the year. I'd give that title to a game like The Stanley Parable or Papers, Please. Those games really mess with your mind and make you question yourself as a person. Gone Home is a reasonable concept that fell short in execution. If you're really curious, wait for it to get cheaper; this game is not worth full price, and I can't really recommend it even then."
,Not Recommended,232430,29928179,Posted: 14 February,all,brandonmelo,This game should be $5 at most. It was fine while it lasted but $20 for 1 hour of gameplay is ridiculous. It also has absolutely 0 replay ability. Not worth it at all unless you get it basically free.
,Not Recommended,232430,7989608,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Daemon Mephiles,"Gone Home has good ideas for what it's going for, but the execution is bland and mundane.  The game biggest problem is not on it's story, but it's weak interactive gameplay that does very little new things for the genre.  The puzzles are basically non existent in an experience of the game this painfully short in about 30 minutes, it just shows the poor value it offers.The visual are average at best, the look and the feel of the game is very 90's nostalgia feel but that's all it does, and the atmopshere is ok, I did get creeped out a bit, but the game loses its tension so quickly that it becomes cliche.  Hell, the whole setting and ideas are cliche that I've already seen in movies and better games.The story is nothing original, it's just another melodramatic story that was already told before.  The narrative is told through voice over journal of Samantha, letters and paperworks that you'll find in the house, I will give props to the voice acting for the character Samantha as she does bring this character to life with her performence.  The rest of the characters are one dimension, you won't care about them at all.  As for the rest of the game that commands $20 dollars is outrageous for an overrated title.Take my advice: Don't Play This Game!"
,Not Recommended,232430,681365,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Filé Com Fritas,"Vale a pena em uma promoção.. Não mais do que R$5,00..Me senti completamente enganado por reviews que li/assisti.. Realmente, bom storytelling e dublagem mas nada mais que isso. Paguei R$ 30,00 em um jogo que durou menos de duas horas contando uma história mediana e que não traz o menor motivo para jogar mais de uma vez..."
,Not Recommended,232430,9386926,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Woody Bobo,Keep it short. Waste of time. Don't bother.
,Not Recommended,232430,16800363,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,ShoeWaver,"So I just bought this game on sale for roughly 3$ and the game is worth it as that.This game is more of an interactive visual novel, where you play as a teen girl in 1995, who comes home to find your sisters missing and your parents on vacation. Events unfold as you find notes that trigger audio dialouge of the sister explaining the set piece of the story as you gather clues in your mind as to whats going on. The game has an almost horror-feel to it in the beginning but you start to understand that might not be the case various times throughout the game. The game is about 2 hours long and has many easter eggs and tidbits that you may not realize your first playthrough (if your even considering playing it again).The story was good for what it was, and its definitely worth the experience, however would feel incredibly dissapointed to buy this at full price for the reason being that you could argue that this is almost not a game and for that I would not recommend this to most people."
,Not Recommended,232430,15258928,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,eXoScoriae,"All the hype got to me and I went into this game ready for an amazing mystery story.Instead, I got a short story in letter form strewn across a very linear march through a home with a few lock doors that only serve to make you *think* there is more mystery waiting for you.There are a few backstories on other characters hidden through the game, but nothing that lives up t the purported mystery the game teases.I sat down ready to enjoy a great mystery and instead I got a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of teenage angst."
,Not Recommended,232430,10767053,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mythanthar,story is good but this game shouldn't be game of the year.
76561198003219638,Not Recommended,232430,10814046,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,|SOG| BigDog,"I bought, downloaded, installed and played through the entire game in 2 hours. The graphics and ambiance as well as the music and beaucoup of period pop references really lent a certain depth to what essentially is a coming of age love story. But that's it. No mystery, no puzzles, no conflict, no supernatural goings on. I felt mostly like this was more like a proof of concept for a game engine than an actual game. But hey, for $5.00, it was worth a try. It got rave critical reviews, but that, in the end, does not always a worthy purchase make. Tough to recommend it unless it was at the $5.00 price I paid for it."
76561197999370691,Not Recommended,232430,10818528,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,iWantAPony,"I was disappointed with this game.  I hesitate to even call it a game; it's really interactive fiction.  The story is good, and the voice acting is great, but there's just not much to actually do.  I was prepared to solve a mystery, and started searching for clues, but it isn't even that involved.  Just pick up different pieces of paper and listen to the story being told.  That's it.  And although the story is good, I'd figured out 90% of what happened to the sister very early on since it's not a novel story.In short, it's high quality, but still lacking."
,Not Recommended,232430,10838446,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,SquarelyCircle,Wish I'd read a user review before purchasing.  What a terrible rip off.
,Not Recommended,232430,10885638,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,AkumaMasurao,"A lot of people give this game awesome reviews, and from what I've heard it delivered on everything. The atmosphere is spot on, the story is believable, the mystery is alive, and the whole thing feels very real. However, what nobody told me is that the game is boring. I quit playing three times and had to force myself to sit down to finish the story in the end.At first it was fun finding little things spread throughout the house and making the story better known and finding little secrets is always satisfying, but after looking through five rooms I lost the investment for the rest of the game. There are a couple of little things thrown in that get some sort of amused reaction from me, but the game wasn't worth the price. Save your time and money and just have someone else tell you what happens. The game delivers on what it promised, but with far too little entertainment value of any sort to be worth considering."
76561198000906108,Not Recommended,232430,10886430,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,The Wizard,"Ok, so first the good:It was a very well-made game.  The visuals were good, the sound was good, and the gameplay was decent.Now for the bad:It's very short.  I managed to finish it in a little over an hour and a half.  This by itself wouldn't be too bad if it were an amazing game and had replayability, but sadly neither of those are present with this game.The story was only so-so.  It started out quite strong, and was half-way decent most of the way through, but when I got to the ending it left me feeling as if I just wasted the last hour and a half or so of my time.I managed to get this on sale for only a couple bucks, so I'm not too disappointed, but for full price of $20 I really don't recommend this to anyone."
76561197966603289,Not Recommended,232430,10888864,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mo,"Save yourself the money and walk around your house picking up random objects, examine them, then place them back where you found them. This is far too high brow, get The Stanley Parable instead."
,Not Recommended,232430,10922798,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Innocent Bystander,"For 2 hours you unravel the mystery of what happened to your parents and sister while you were away on a trip to Europe.If you are old enough to remember the 90s you might be amused by the references to the 90s, like the X-files and playing Street Fighter at a 7-11 .Interesting concept, but ultimately not worth the price $19.99"
,Not Recommended,232430,10763056,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mynemo,"Good game BUT way too short.Around 2 hours of gameplay,seriously.Definietely not worth buying if not on sale,price to high for the content provided."
,Not Recommended,232430,10768380,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,RaptorDave,All the pizza boxes were empty. Very disapointing. 0/10
,Not Recommended,232430,10783329,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,MudkipMurron,"This game was good, but very short. It is possible to beat in like 2 minutes and there isn't any replayability. The story was really nice and all of the 90's touch were a quaint walk down memory lane, but it is not worth $20. I got it during the a flash sale during the summer sale and it still wasn't worth it."
76561197973740087,Not Recommended,232430,14395452,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Duchimp,"Not at all worth $19.99 for the amount of gameplay (2.2 hours) and glitches (at least on the Mac side). Fortunately I bought it on sale for $5.99—I would put it on your wishlist and wait to score it for even less. It is worth playing for a few bucks. First issue: after launching it I heard music but saw only a black screen. Force quitting, going to the game properties and unchecking ""enable Steam overlay"" cured it. I'm on a MacPro3,1 with an updated video card (ATI Radeon HD 5770) which has no problems with the new Tomb Raider or Bioshock Infinite. Yet this game would have random blocks of black flickering during gameplay and sometimes dropping an object instead of placing it back would cause it to disappear. Running an OS update did nothing (10.9.3 to 10.9.5). But if you can get it for a few bucks, it has a compelling story."
,Not Recommended,232430,12329024,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Pretty Kitty Boy,"I'm not some elitist whining that ""it's not a game."" But Gone Home puts all its eggs in its story telling basket and then centers its story on banal teenage romance drama."
76561197993402955,Not Recommended,232430,9096643,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Bring back Psychic Force,pay $20 to rummage through people's trash until plot happens. the plot isn't nearly as intriguing or as insightful as it thinks it is and it's all pretty much irrelevant to you as a character anyway.
76561198034190725,Recommended,232430,31110305,Posted: 12 April,all,kell4077,"Short and as spoiler free as I can make it.This game's core premise and mechanics are fairly simple, but well realized. Good command of gameplay elements and tools by the developer to achieve desired experiences and player actions within programming and interaction constraints.For...various reasons, this hurt. A lot. But it's not the game I regret.Go. Explore. Learn and remember the sorrows."
76561198100496478,Not Recommended,232430,25691334,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Vasioth,"Gone Home is something I decided to purchase recently on Steam as it had very positive reviews and a few reviewers I like said it was worth checking out.I'm not unfamiliar with the concept of a ""walking"" simulator, in which the player is only allowed the sole mechanic of interacting with objects in game while a story plays out or is narrated or revealed. In other words, coventional gaming mechanics many associate with the idea of gaming, such as jumping alongside any form of combat mixed with very complex puzzle solving, is ignored. The Stanley Parable, with the aid of the dulcet tones of Kevan Brighting, is also such a game.The difference between the two is substance.The Stanley Parable is a very meta game that deliberately relies on tropes to then dismantle them in front of the players' eyes; it brings into question the players' interpretation of a game based or normative factors prevalent in other triple A titles, often referencing such games. The player finds themselves in an empty office at the beginning, dystopian vibes interwoven in the surrounding textures, as a narrator tries to give said player a ""ride"" through the ""amusement"" tracks of the gameplay itself in all its beautiful linearity. In gaming, this is basically the idea of getting from point A to point B often through arbitrary means. It's incredibly well done, in part thanks to the hilarious narration of Kevan Brighting.However, the same can't be said for Gone Home. Gone Home is in short an interactive story lacking any substance. There are no alternatives to the path, there are no different angles in which to tackle the path and it isn't metaludological, nor is it a metanarrative. I really wanted to like it, but sadly the narrative of ""this stuff really matters"" teen-angst narrative is the biggest pile of trope laden crap I've experienced.There is a reason why game mechanic ""memes"" that frequent some of the biggest franchises of all time, such as Mario, Zelda, WoW, Halo, Fallout, etc., are recursive, and why there exists a stark trench between story telling in novel execution and game execution for a reason. This isn't to say that story telling can't be great in games; I found myself falling for the lore of The Elder Scroll, Witcher and Deus Ex universes for the complexity of their cinematic narratives.Yet I would have not bothered with any of them if they were solely cinematic. If something is solely cinematic with the illusion of ""gameplay"" through QTEs or ""click X"" to get a little more dialogue, then perhaps it should be a TV or animated series or a movie, or perhaps a light/visual novel or in fact novel. I don't find triple A games, or many of the indie games I tend to play, tackling small segmentary slice of life narratives for good reason; they're trite, very boring to go through and highly unplayable in terms of replay value."
,Not Recommended,232430,18023799,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,nmwdirt,"I don't understand how this is a ""captivating"" story. The ""mystery"" is trying to find someone who isn't home. They ""twist"" in her character flaw is telegraphed about 5 minutes into it. She comes across as completely self absorbed and infatuated with someone who is absolutely unlikable. Plot threads about a ghost, a dead grandfather, etc are red herrings that just pull you through because the core story isn't good enough. ""This game is great,"" say progressives, ""because of the subjext matter."" No, it really isn't a great game, a good story, or a worthwile subject matter. It's a complete waste of time and an insult to charge money for."
,Not Recommended,232430,11717530,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,garrus74,"The idea of rummaging through the empty creepy family mansion belonging to a mysterious pharmacist is appealing at first, however, the story gets pretty boring and all teenage-drama like. I felt that the storylines of Oscar Masan and trouble in the family were not explored to their fullest (and they're potentially the more interesting ones).The gameplay is strictly contemplative. There are few things to do but walk and around, open cupboards/drawers/doors/panels, read notes and collect keys to locked doors. The only meaningful interaction of items with the game world boils down to sticking tapes into stereos to play them.To the game's credit, it is quite atmospheric. To maximize the immersion, I recommend to play through the whole game at once in one night while being alone at home. The soundtrack is alright as well.And yes, you can finish it in one night, as you'd struggle to spend much more than 3 hrs, which brings us to the question of the day - $19.99 for this?!!! This is a ripoff if I ever saw one! Don't buy this unless it's at the very least 75% off."
76561198111194980,Not Recommended,232430,11694528,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Heart2christ,very disapointing...
76561198151624476,Not Recommended,232430,13643402,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Niftyknees007,i was expecting it to be kindascary or have a twist ending but i justkinded ended. it built up alot of suspense then just kinda had a lack luster turnout. the story between sam and lonnie was very cute though:3
76561197996669854,Recommended,232430,25230755,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,SoliduS SnakE,"Games of this style will often draw very polarizing reviews.  Often people will say one thing or the other: ""This is a game"" or ""This is not a game"".  The term ""walking simulator"" is frequently evoked when referring to this style of experience.  This is not a game in the traditional sense, but an interactive narrative that you indeed, experience.  And what is a game in this day and age if not an experienced narrative?  Games can be many things, especially today.  With the advents of technology such as VR, there are no limits.Gone Home, as far as I'm concerned, is as good as it gets with experienced interactive narratives, excluding Journey.  Where Gone Home and Journey deviate is in their prose.  Gone Home is a story hashing on the loss of innocense, self discovery, alienation, family, friends, and anything in between.  Without spoiling anything, I'll say that anyone looking to have a solid, fulfilling experience that is not gameplay-centric, Gone Home is far more than a ""walking simulator"" due to how the narrative is unfolded.  If this were a corridored storytelling experience I'd slap the ""walking simulator"" label on it but Gone Home is far from.  Gone Home is a story everyone can relate to.  The experience was fulfilling and even worth a second, possibly a third play through.  It sets a bar that I doubt many of its contemporaries will ever reach."
76561198097422664,Not Recommended,232430,10430693,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,OhBetsy,This is by far the worst game i have ever owned. You pay 20 dollars to just he voice logs of how yout sister is turining into a lesbian and worships the devil. There is nothing notiable about this game.
,Not Recommended,232430,11789801,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,"The Monkey, The Myth, The Meme","The story is about a someone who comes home to an empty house, and then explores the house. You then hear a story about the Player characters' sister and her struggles in understanding her feelings about one of her closest friends. The main problem I see, is the game is a walking simulator with the audio diary of a teenage girl attached to it, and really there isn't enough in that to keep me enthralled.(Don't get me wrong, It isn't that I dislike walking simulators, because I think that ""The Stanley Parable"" is potentially one of my favorite games of all time) But...Personally I didn't really enjoy it. I felt more emotion in playing a comicbook zombie game (The Walking Dead) than I did while playing this. Even though there are many things that I can relate to in the games subject matter including some things about the main story plot, but I rarely felt a shred of emotion whilst playing it.Some might just write this off and say I'm dead inside or whatever. But I know that isn't entirely true because there were times that  I wanted the story to be more about her problems with her adjusting to a new environment and school (meaning a bunch of problems with making friends and bullying) and that TO ME would have made for a much better story and probably would have invoked more of an emotional response from me than the actual game ever did.I would recommend buying it just on the off chance that you would like it much more than I did. But other than that chance that the game would hit your feeling much harder than it did mine, I would not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,232430,15028922,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,dvorshock,Don't buy this. Walk around your own house instead.
,Not Recommended,232430,18784162,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,mercenarri,"I kinda liked where this game was heading. And when I reached the attic and had the game tell me what I already figured in the first 5 minutes, it just... ended? I was ready for that to lead on to act 2 or something. Now I'm sitting here wondering where my money went."
,Recommended,232430,34118417,Posted: 8 August,all,NBlievable,"Wow. I've never had a game make my eyes well up with feels before until I played this one through. The creators did an incredible job of bringing this story to life. Good music, good story development, good game play.  10/10 would recommend."
76561198013310074,Not Recommended,232430,13698134,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Smiling Fox,"Way too short, over hyped by a progressive & overbearingly pretentious gaming press who pushed this as GOTY material.Edited; Removed ""Okay game"" it isn't, I was being nice. Added "" & overbearingly pretentious"" & ""who pushed this as GOTY material."""
76561198025451283,Not Recommended,232430,14727285,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,jhyiesla,"Guess I should have taken time to read the negative reviews below on the page. The game is too short, presents no challenges and is basically a story that gets read to you as you wander around an empty house. You can pick up a zillion things, most of which have nothing to do with the story nor can you do anything with most of them. I played it on a newer Mac and, until I cranked down the graphics a lot, it would be slow and would occasionally crash. Unless you are just looking for something to mildly amuse yourself with on a rainy afternoon, I'd stay away from this game.  And, as other's have pointed out, $20 is way too much to pay for such a simple and uninspiring ""game""."
,Recommended,232430,10856338,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,impooing,"You quickly find you're a young woman who, after spending a year abroad, returns home to find her family gone. The creepy atmosphere of being home alone on a stormy night serves to further immerse you in the story as well as your surroundings, as the games story telling mechanism is delivered as you look at objects which come with a narrative of the memories that shaped her life.This is a very short and very straight forward exploratory narrative. The game is also packed full of pop-culture references from the 90's.Be warned; this game is 2 hours long, has no action and is completely story driven. If this doesn't sound like somthing that appeals to you then count yourself out. Otherwise; a beautiful and touching story that takes you on a jouney of love and loss."
,Not Recommended,232430,10499545,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Just Defied,"6/10Gone Home is a non-combat game where you return from a european trip to your families new home. You explore your eerie dwellings, discovering new things about your family which you never knew.This is mainly a narritive driven game that consists of exploring both a unsettling location and your families personal lives through audio recordings and text exopsition in one form or another.The main selling point of this about-two-hour experience is the well writen and voice acted romance sub-plot of the main character's sister.This is not a game I could recommend to just anyone (hence the ""Don't Recommend"", though there is some joy to be had for people looking for a genuinely well crafted romance story in there games. Of which there are far to few."
,Not Recommended,232430,11269198,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,DON,"Its intensly personal and a touching story. All wrapped up in the nostalgic memories of 80s and 90s which kids of those era will love exploring. But this game is not for everyone. I wont even call this a game since there is hardly any goals, rewards or challenge involved. Its more like a interactive story telling and thats why I am not recommending it. I loved it though."
76561198000717877,Not Recommended,232430,14670198,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,penumbra777,"Wow.  Can I get two hours back?  I liked being able to explore the house and finding secret passages, and there was the ambience to set up a horror story or science fiction story....but none of that got used.  And the advertising blurb about ""find out what happened to your parents""....it's not about that.  Instead...you will gradually be presented with the real ""meaning"" of the game:  teenage angst about sexual orientation !?!?  Really!?!!?  Give me my two hours back!!!"
76561198004068349,Recommended,232430,28961645,Posted: 2 January,all,oak606,"While some will complain about it being a walking simulator or being slightly misleading in it being alluded to being spooky/horror based, overall I really enjoyed the few hours I had with the game. Once you realise where the game is heading in terms of its ending it's a pleasant surprise. All the 90s references were good fun and the notes and clues as to what the story was based on were well done by the developers in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,232430,10483413,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Parallax Abstraction,"I did not care for Gone Home at all and don't recommend it but not for the reasons many will assume when they see a negative review. I'm not going to argue if this is a game or not. If it is to you, that's all that matters. Those who consider this feminist propaganda are just being ridiculous, as are those who hate it because of the subject matter it covers, one tragically overlooked in video games by and large.I did not care for Gone Home because it's a thoroughly unengaging experience that tells a poignant but utterly generic story with some of the most tired methods possible. There are no mechanics in Gone Home, you simply traverse an environment, picking up and looking at objects, some of which have no importance to the story, some of which do. At certain points, you will trigger disjointed (albeit well acted) audio logs which is how the core of the story is conveyed to you. You have the freedom to wander around most of the environment but as with traditional games, you are gated off from certain areas until required objectives are fulfilled. You do not directly interact with any other characters and your character is a silent protagonist.The problem is that the storytelling in Gone Home relies on tired, unoriginal methods like gated progress and audio logs, two things people frequently railed against as being lazy, dated design but which are somehow revolutionary here. The story itself is also bland, uninteresting and cliché and personally, I've seen almost this exact kind of story told in other venues many times. The subject matter could have been explored in so many interesting ways and instead, we got an interactive after-school special that may as well not have been interactive. There's no subtlety or organic discovery as the designers claimed, the core elements of the story are delivered to you when they want them to. There is no ambiguity or room for interpretation in what's being said and just in case you still don't get it, many of the audio logs involving the core subject will have objects nearby that clearly beat you over the head with what's trying to be said. In Gone Home, youwillinterpret the story the way the designers want you to.There are so many other examples of games that try to tell deep and meaningful stories and are able to do so with actual mechanics and game play. Papers Please and Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons are two examples released in the same year that did so brilliantly. If you have a PS3 or PS4, the Left Behind DLC for The Last of Us actually tackles the same core subject matter of Gone Home but does so wrapped around game play and I found it to be a much more impacting and meaningful experience. I can't remember more than a few core elements of Gone Home's story but I remember everything from Left Behind.What I believe was the intent behind Gone Home was a noble one but it was badly executed. If you want emotional storytelling in games, there are better places to get it and better examples of the subject matter as well. It's also 2 hours long at best which is not a great value to many either. In my opinion, this is one of the most overrated games of the last several years and so many better and similar games deserved the success this got. Maybe get it on a deep sale if you're curious but it's not worth nearly it's normal asking price."
76561197968014529,Not Recommended,232430,298581,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,{Op4}Havoc,"I don't know how everyone got this ending, at the end of the game the cops busted in and arrested me. They found several super nintendos on my person.If your ultra nostalgia for 90s...stuff go ahead. But otherwise...no absoutely not.WhoooooooooooOOOoooOOOaaaHhhhhhhahhhhhAhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!0 out of 5 chiliwigs!"
,Not Recommended,232430,13985802,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Peekay,"Explorative, but not super interesting. The plot is subpar, not great by any means. It's kind of interesting, but not worth 20 dollars, especially since it's only about an hour. It's just a teenage drama set in the 90's... Your family isn't home and you're supposed to figure out why. You wander around the house just kind of looking at stuff and learning about your sister. It's an okay game, but not worth $20 by a long shot. If you do want to play it just to see how it is, wait until it goes on sale. I got it for about $3 and it was about worth that."
76561197975895891,Not Recommended,232430,13988178,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,-[c-unit]- dark-crow,"It was nice but I think this game is too expensive for this short time. It's just looking through stuff, reading a lot and then listen to some good voice acting ( which is the best thing in my opinion). You only need to ""search"" for two safe-combinations and two keys. The story is okay and in some way everything is okay, but I don't think you would regret if you're not ""playing"" this okay-explorer-game."
76561198087879021,Recommended,232430,20406817,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,bigbang36963,This is like love story and game mixed into something strange. But I liked it. Recommend - Yes.
76561198003922696,Not Recommended,232430,10433031,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Beans,"""Atmospheric, touching, art!!""Maybe if you're trying to culturally posture with this snorefest. The story is mediocre and doesn't gain anything from the medium. It's not worth the money, even on sale. If you want to go on a Ms. Frizzle Feel Trip then try To the Moon instead."
,Not Recommended,232430,12945206,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,"No, This is Patrick","tl;dr great, rich story. Twice as expensive as a movie. If you buy it, buy it on sale for $10 or less.I'd like to start off by saying that I think the writing and atmosphere in this game are really, really good. The story is sweet and touching; it has many subtle facets that make it a really rich experience. In other circumstances, I would recommend this game and quite heartily, too, but the price is much too high for what it is. I took about 2 hours to finish the game and I'm the type of person to take my sweet time with exploration. I refuse to pay more than $10 for a DVD, so why should I dish out twice that for a very similar experience? I think that the video game format was a good stylistic choice for this, but it's still a very cinematic experience where you don't affect your surroundings very much."
76561198017164110,Not Recommended,232430,10372764,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,SiN,"I have been playing games for 28 years and I would rate a game for being ""fun"". This is not fun. It actually attempts to promote homosexuality, a subject that may not be well accepted by all cultures... But whatever, who cares, it's just not fun!"
,Not Recommended,232430,10499259,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Not Josh,"this game was pretty dissapointing. i was expecting something more... creepy. i'm moving around a house by myself trying to figure out why everyone's gone. sounds like creepy game fodder, but about 50% of the way through, it's no longer dimly lit and the predictable narrative takes over and it turns out to be really boring."
,Not Recommended,232430,10599812,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Brandonb,"This is not a game, this is a hour long lifetime movie."
,Not Recommended,232430,10540778,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,DannyJOD,This game does a fantastic job telling its story but the story isn't very interesting to begin with...
,Not Recommended,232430,13593700,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,DeevFactor,"This is nothing much more than a 90s house exploration simulator.  You explore a house while you're being told a B-level fanfiction about forbidden love.  You can pick up things and throw them around, which is pretty much the most entertaining part of the experience.  And... that's pretty much it.Sorry, it just doesn't deserve the high praise that the hipster game journalists have been giving it.  I can give credit for the atmosphere it provides and the interactivity of objects, but not much else."
76561198002453014,Not Recommended,232430,12943251,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Noodle Ninja,"The worst criticism ever given in physics was ""it is not even wrong"".This is not even a game.  There is nothing to recommend or not recommend.*EDIT*Does a single person have even 5 hours in this ""game"".  Think about that before you buy.I might have even a drop of respect for someone who puts their time where their mouth is and plays this game for a good 20 hours. Games that are good get played. People who spend more time telling people how good something is instead of enjoying it themselves are viewed as dishonest and probably have either a political or religious agenda (id est, people who say how great the bible is haveing spent only 3 hours reading it in their entire life).Gone home fails not only as a game but as a story. The only part that might have made this Twilight-esque millennial trash have some redeeming value was at the end when going up to the attic, I genuinely felt concern that I might find the remains of the sister after she had committed suicide in short-sighted childish despair.That was foolish of me thinking there would be real drama or consequences in millennial trash. After all that might upset or “trigger” or challenge some poor millennial special bubble child and we can't have that. So instead we have an ending where the sister engages in pure unfettered egotistical desire without thought for family or consequence. Since it is millennial trash after all, the story must end there without exploring the consequences of such childish actions. No opportunity for growth or learning or introspection. No character development. Just millennial trash pretending to be art.Although perhaps I'm being too harsh. Maybe the value is in pure intellectual masturbation. I'm not a Christian conservative puritan (id est not a feminist) so I have no moral objections to good old fashion purposeless masturbation. Even this however, Gone Home fails at. You see masturbation is an enjoyable experience that people who partake in often repeat. How many supporters of Gone Home have even 20 hours in the game? Even 5?Gone Home fails as a game, it fails as a story, it fails as art, and even fails as masturbation.*Edit*I find people still don't understand that the problem isn't just that this ""game"" is short; It's that it's not even a story. The ""story"" is a call to adventure where in no adventure takes place. Imagine if Luke Skywalker found his home destroyed then the credits start rolling. The problem isn't that it's a short story, the problem is that it's not a story to have an introduction call to adventure without the adventure.Your sister ran away from home for reasons set up in the call to adventure. Do you try to find her to convince her to come back or support her decision? It doesn't matter as the whole ""story"" is, this happened-- the end."
76561198042320182,Not Recommended,232430,13605199,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Apexdigree,Really thought while playing this something more in depth had happend. No just a lesbian love story. Lame.
76561197970512496,Not Recommended,232430,12945189,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,joey_david,"Just wanted to add a negative review.  It was pretty sweet to revolve a sharpie without my hands, though.  People, this game is tagged ""Walking Simulator"" and that is just slightly less than precise because it simulates walking AND looking at any ordinary thing you can pick up.  You could flush a toilet in Duke Nukem 3D but for some reason interacting with a toilet is art here.  If you like a ""Walking Simulator"" and you have both legs then you are a person I hope I never meet."
,Recommended,232430,19924006,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,rkdj,"Allright, this game didn't deserve all the ""hatred"" it gets. I try to explain this game's concept without explaining what this game is about. Well, you are Katie and you come home while it rains and your home is without any living. From now on, you get to explore all the house, interact with all the stuff and just discover a story which could be a part of a teenage movie...but the implementation is clever. Even though it looks like a thriller/horror game...it definetly isn't. This game lives from its narrative but it doesn't rely on it, since you are exploring yourself. You can read all the stuf carefully, which will then bring you back to the year '95...or you skip this part and just listen to the audio playbacks to find out what this story is all about. If you are not interested in a teenager movie, you should skip it. If you appreciate new game concepts and are ok with all the cliches, feel free to get it (at least on a sale). I liked it...I liked the superb writing and the ""open house exploration"" even though you are guided a little bit, since sections get unlocked with time (you can unlock all doors from the start though, but you shouldn't do that - the experience is definetly gone then. Completion time: 3.8h."
76561198049448197,Not Recommended,232430,17057920,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Bearshavebeards,SPOILERS for the game!!!As a gay person myself I find this game to be really pretentious. It's story writing 1.01 basically.  You have a lesbian sister who is in love with a girl at the military - really - that's what you could come up with? What about nuances of being gay. What about lesbians who are not stereotypical? The game really offended me and it's even more offensive that game journos give this game so much credit for the heart warming and diverse story.... when in fact it's a stereotypical story about a stereotypical lesbian in love with another stereotypical lesbian.
,Not Recommended,232430,26323858,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,babiblack,"Very overpriced. Cute but boring history, I didn't have fun with it. Honestly, I feel like I wasted my time."
76561198003023576,Not Recommended,232430,10437532,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,shawnymcgee,"A ""game"" where you walk around finding stuff and notes about charaters you don't give a crap about. A total waste of time and money."
76561198026398393,Not Recommended,232430,10435565,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,SilverWolf,"Wouldn't clasify this as a game, more a novel with step by step pages. While theres nothing wrong with that, the game is entirely too short for the price, considering it also has 0 replayability. Game presents little challenges and just gives you a ""wait, thats it?"" feeling when you complete it. Took me 1.6 hours taking my time."
,Not Recommended,232430,21897641,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,trixareforEVERYONE,"I think it's an interesting game but honestly not worth the 20 dollars as it's basically an exploration game with a story I found a little cliched (but that's just me). My idea? If you like watching let's play's, save your money and watch someone on YouTube play the game because, trust me, you will lose nothing if you do."
,Not Recommended,232430,8773752,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,EvaUnit02,A game that markets itself as a horror game but is in fact nothing more than a lifeless teen drama.
76561197993819181,Not Recommended,232430,10168135,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Jelly,This might be the worst game iv ever play.
,Not Recommended,232430,10183873,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,daspretzel,This game is not worth $10. I beat the entire thing in 90 minutes. Cool game but wait for it to be on sale.
76561197995379847,Not Recommended,232430,10184391,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,DeadlyBallistics,This game was aweful.  I want my $20 back.
76561197995242878,Not Recommended,232430,10432213,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Komander kyle,Just watch a lets play
76561198016937290,Not Recommended,232430,10468105,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Senerium,Spoilers....... Self exploritory masterbastion. ♥♥♥♥♥♥in there to make feminists happy ruins possibilities that this could have gone.  Oh my god.  I'm a story guy and this isn't this hard.  Change the note on the door to a letter and you've turned the game into a ♥♥♥♥ing book in like seventeen clicks.
76561198049422031,Not Recommended,232430,9321794,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,D.Vadka,"Not worth the money!  This game relies too heavily on its (only slightly) controversial themes to try and justify its high price tag.  The creators put an unholy amount of detail into the house, with the capability for the player to hold and examine almost every item they come across.  But this detail is underutilized.  It could have been used to create puzzles, to make gameplay more rewarding for the players that actually took the time to explore the house.  In the end, however, there was very little satisfaction.  It was interesting, but for only 2 hours of mildly interesting story and gameplay, $20 is way too much."
,Not Recommended,232430,10980989,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Warramir,Too short story/game. Unless in sale no value for money.
76561197964405424,Recommended,232430,182780,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Icarius Fallen,"This isn't so much.. Well, you -could- consider it a game. You -do- interact with the world, you -do- have to solve some pretty annoying puzzles, or stumble your way around until you figure it out. Honestly, most of the pleasure of this game comes from the nostalgia, for those of us who miss the 90's. If you weren't around for the 90's, then it probably won't strike any bells for you. If you were, well, for a one or two hour experience, you'll get plenty of smiles. Throughout the whole thing, you'll be pulling apart four different little storylines. In the end, I don't regret the twenty bucks I dropped on the game. It let me get a taste of highschool again, and sparked a few memories, which spawned a few smiles. That's more than worth two hours of work at my job, to me."
,Not Recommended,232430,10318505,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,安迪哇〜,"Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't waste your money on it, hell, if you want a non-game, get Dear Ester, atleast that actually graphically holds up these days, not like this crap that looks like it could've been on put out into my gameboy. And if you want story? You might as well go and play Call of Duty, because it has just as much character devolopment, infact, Captain Price has more character development than anything you get in this codswollop.Not worth the 5 minutes you can complete it in, nevermind however much I bloody paid for it."
76561197960873900,Not Recommended,232430,10454948,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Broswick,This game would be so great had they not made it into such a horribly predictable red herring.  The end was so dissapointing it's not even funny.
,Not Recommended,232430,10759362,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Stirling,"Gone Home has a decent story and atmosphere, but that is all the good things I can say about it.The game is almost criminally short. At best, you will get an hour and a half out of this game. You can beat the game in all of one minute as well because the game was very poorly designed in that regard. All you do in the game is walk around, open doors and drawers and look at papers and listen to tape recordings. It is a game by technicality and certainly not one worth $20. It is closer to being a walking novel, although walking short story is a better description.If you really want to play this game, I would reccommend finding a friend that already has it and play it on their account. If you really want to buy it, do not pay the full price because this game is not worth $20. Get it on sale if you must own it."
,Not Recommended,232430,10817766,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Alfonzopancakes,"Pretty boring, to be honest. It has a decent story but it just wasn't very much fun to play."
76561197970552244,Not Recommended,232430,10858719,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Tim97NSX,"This is one of those games I really wanted to like, and in some ways I do like it. But it comes with a lot flaws. First, this isn't a game. It's a game engine used to tell a story. I think there is a lot of potential here, and I enjoyed having the story unfold as I explored the house in ""Gone Home."" But the story was too simple and over too soon. This was barely a short story in length, and quite predictable, yet it costs significantly more than buying a good book (though I bought it during a Steam Sale.)Though the story was simple, it kept hinting at a larger story, and yet it never went there. There are too many mysteries hinted at, yet never resolved. I can't really recommend this game, but I'm excited by the potential of the genre and I hope this does well enough for more like it to come along, just with deeper and more engaging stories."
76561198084943725,Not Recommended,232430,10859963,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,FJ,"While I enjoyed the game, I must agree with the army of other negative reviewers that the price is not, and cannot be justified by the lack of length and replayability this game offers.  This is a great $2.99 title... sadly, I bought it at $4.99 and still feel like I was fleeced.  Wait for it to go on a bargain bin sale or be ported to a mobile OS at a reduced price (not to say that either scenario will ever happen) unless of course you're a dummy like me and don't trust hundreds of other people warning you to save your money."
,Not Recommended,232430,10871895,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Cumdogg,"The game starts very intriguing, it creeps you out and makes you want to find more. I really thought i would like this game, I did! There was ghost stories and some creepy things about exorcism, making you think what is going to happen at the climax. But then it starts into another story which is not half as good.[POTENTIAL SPOILER]The climax is a let down as it finishes off the lesser story."
76561198073569498,Not Recommended,232430,10850228,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,chewynasty,"on a scale from 1 to even, i cant."
,Not Recommended,232430,10856691,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,AHall88,"Short, with little to no content. Tries to lure you into believing something supernatural is going to happen, but never does.The story would have been much better suited as a short book or made for tv movie.I feel like a wasted $3, I cannot imagine how I would have felt if I spent $20 on it."
76561198026943890,Not Recommended,232430,10847911,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Teromaris,THis  20 minute game aint worth it....the story aint worth it......no ghost or anythins...what the hell is this crap?Im still searching the SNes.....in the preview
,Not Recommended,232430,11538726,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,dieblikman,"Starts off seemingly interesting then... ****spoiler alert****... ""Thank you for playing""... It's over. The only reason I clocked 6 hours is because I had the game on pause. I can get from start to finish prbably in 10 minutes. Looks like it was some broken heart of a lesbian lover that motivated this creation. Dont buy this."
,Not Recommended,232430,17375774,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Jamer Gaminator,I didn't read anything about it during the last winter sale when I bought it. I assumed it was a horror game. Played through the game in anxious suspense just to find out that I was reading a lesbian love story.
,Not Recommended,232430,8186155,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,darkesco,"This game is only worth $5 or so. I only recommend it for someone who likes mediocre stories with little to no active interaction, strategy, story, levels, etc. A good game if you are REALLY bored and don't mind anti-climactic short stories. SPOILER ALERT! :: This game sucks."
76561197988396700,Recommended,232430,31171676,Posted: 15 April,all,Potato Bear,"2 HRS long, its quick and easy, good to play when relaxing and it brings back good memories."
,Recommended,232430,31404460,Posted: 27 April,all,Evune,"I like the story and I didn't mind if it was a ""walking simulator,"" I still enjoyed it."
76561198008590164,Not Recommended,232430,19861351,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,doomonyou87,"A game about a teenager ""finding herself."" Snorefest...."
76561198284794462,Recommended,232430,31131170,Posted: 14 April,all,kivii,"Everything I expected - atmosphere, music, story, the whole feeling. All good. Best to play in evening and with headset on. The price, however, is too much. Best get it on sale."
,Recommended,232430,31095369,Posted: 12 April,all,Zionyx,"Engaging, quiet, emotionally riveting gameplay. Played it start to finish in one sitting, barely noticed anything around me the entire time. Deserves nothing less than 10/10."
,Recommended,232430,31052965,Posted: 9 April,all,estebanpar06,Absolutely beautiful story that makes you dive deep into the life of a seemingly normal teenager. This game has a kind of entertainment that doesn't need action or hardcore fights to get to your heart.
76561198076536812,Recommended,232430,31137724,Posted: 14 April,all,civil_blight,"Excellent atmosphere and character development, with a story that hooked me within 10 minutes."
76561197989988926,Recommended,232430,29299574,Posted: 16 January,all,Amber,An incredibly interesting and sweet story unfolds as you explore your family's home. I didn't want to stop playing!
,Not Recommended,232430,21865308,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,LividXphos,Absolutely horrible
76561198095512109,Not Recommended,232430,10789914,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Chef,It was OK but only took less then an hour. I don't recommend it just because of that.
,Not Recommended,232430,10776949,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,DanStar☆,"Nowhere near worth £15, maybe consider if it goes on sale for £5 or less.For your money you can hope to experience around 1-1.5 hours of walking and searching to find out what is ultimately an entirely forgettable and cliched story that would be receiving nowhere NEAR the critical acclaim and accolades if it wasn't for the fact it's a 'game'.The controls feel fine, although it is probably in your best interest to disable mouse acceleration, mouse smoothing and the selection auto aim feature."
,Not Recommended,232430,10204377,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Doctor Fudge,"Not very interesting to me, personally. Story's a little too... mundane? I think? It's a second-hand coming of age story being told through the medium of found notes about a girl discovering she's a lesbian. Big deal. Maybe it loses me because I have no frame of reference for this issue, since I'm not gay and never had to deal with that, but the delivery is a little too dramatic. I dunno."
76561198025538572,Not Recommended,232430,10764489,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,koelker12,"Prime example of an overhyped game that I might have enjoyed otherwise. It's narrative driven, but you can pretty much piece the whole story together looooooong before the end, even though the game is only 2 hours. The environments are nice and the sense of exploration was great. I just would have liked to see it payoff more."
76561198014607524,Not Recommended,232430,11530142,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Captain Ironsides,"I enjoyed Gone Home for the hour it took me to complete it in it's entirety.  That is I examined every nook and cranny of the environment down to the last detail within the course of an hour.  For that reason I cannot justify purchasing this game for the $20 price tag.  The game is good don't get me wrong.  It contains an engaging story, combined with a well designed setting, and nostalgic 90's atmosphere, but it's extraordinarily short life span is what brings Gone Home down as a whole.  If only the house was twice the size and half the price."
76561198032411811,Not Recommended,232430,13290345,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Hela,"Gone home is a procedural storytelling ""game"" in the loosest sense of the word. It tells it's story through incredibly minimalist interaction with the enviroment and through the discovery of hints of the past, while listening to the ""journal of sam"". The story is entirely around this person, and not about the player character at all. And while the story is genuinely touching and heartfelt, It's not enough to make a game upon.This is a game made by people who do not truly understand the medium of video games. This story could have been told better through more interactive means, have more to do, and simply put. make it more of a game than a walking around touching and looking at things simulator. You are a passive observer, looking at things, opening a door and the most imput you ever do is putting a key combination into something. It's entirely linear, it's stupidly easy and it tops out at maybe 2 hours total.  That's less than the length of a feature length movie on average.Overall, Gone Home's story is a touching hearfelt nostalgia heavy tale that is well worth experiencing, but it is completely wrong for the medium and is ridiculously overpraised. the 20 Dollar price tag is stupdendously overpriced for such a shallow experience. Video games are not cinema, and this is an example of why it does not work. For a game with such a touching story, to be so shallow, so short and so ...boring, it's almost criminal."
76561198034020014,Not Recommended,232430,22126515,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,suprase95,"Garbage.Waste of time.I have never been so let down by a ""game""."
76561197972186587,Not Recommended,232430,13204529,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Cylux,"This piece of software is a LGB and Feminist outreach project masquerading as a game. It is pure edutainment. With saying that it's not a bad experience by any measure, the atmosphere is well done and manages to build tension in a game that ultimately has no pitfalls for the player. That might have more to do with me having played survival horror games prior to experiencing this one however. It also manages to produce some 90's nostalgia, woo.The story, if it can be called such, is so transparently designed to evoke sympathy for the player character's sister's sexuality, and heavily layered on with schmaltz and cliches about dysfunctional Christian families, that the software has the effect of 'preaching' at the player, and the only ability you have is to either turn the game off or continue on for more 'preaching'. None of that by itself would be all that problematic if we were talking about a free web browser game, or a few-pence phone app game, but this is 15 quid outside of a sale! It is so not worth it in the slightest, I bought it during a sale for a few quid, and I'm pretty sure I got taken for a ride.In short, unless you're keen on cultural marxist indoctrination, your money is best of spent elsewhere."
76561198035174574,Not Recommended,232430,13604814,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Awesomax,"I found the story to be very well paced, and was interested in finding out more about this family. The discorvery of various elements and necessity to read into various clues to peice facts together was very enjoyable, and the spooky nature of the house kept me on edge the entire time.However, the game is definitely overpriced. For only about an hour or so of real gameplay, and no replayability, the game is very much overpriced at $20. I would not recommend buying it unless it is on a significant sale-- a price of 8-10 dollars would have been much more reasonable."
,Not Recommended,232430,13578562,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,xalbag,"So my original review gave away the entire story of this game. I felt guilty for giving away such a spoiler so I have a new review.Here it is: The fact that the story in this game can be summed up in one sentence is proof enough in my mind of how terrible this game is. Don't buy it. Just find a spoiler somewhere and save yourself the $10-$20 and one hour you would have wasted on this game. (Yes, this game can be finished in under an hour. It's that short)"
,Not Recommended,232430,11478143,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,iroq,"The game is notable for two reasons:It is a well-done experiment on explorative storytelling (as opposed to the infamous Dear Esther)The narrative touches on mature and personal themes, which is a welcome step forward for the video game medium as a whole.Obviously, focusing the whole experience on the story is a big writing challenge, and this is where everything falls flat. The characters are awfully copy-paste (maybe with a few gender swaps here and there), the story - one-dimensional and in result you exactly know where it's going long before the end. An alternate scenario of events is vaguely suggested, but not nearly enough to build any suspense. The ending, which would be strong in other circumstances, here fails because of total lack of momentum.Gone Home leaves you with disappointment unless you really love non-standard game design or cheap feels."
,Not Recommended,232430,13165780,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,microfloppy,"NOTE: For review with screenshots, please visithttp://microfloppy.net/2014/07/18/gone-home/Gone Home is a game of free exploration. (Free enough to gain the popular tag ""Walking simulator"" on Steam.) It isn't as much a game as a story, and after a playthrough I feel more like having been the main character of a movie or a book than having played a game. In Gone Home, you return to your parents' home after trip abroad just to find the house empty. Why you don't know, and you walk through the house trying to figure out what has happened.So, how is the story? Good, yet predictable, and I like the concept of exploring in my own pace by turning household things around in my hands and reading through letters and newspapers. The game is, unexpectedly, not scary at all. Instead it is relaxing and piques my interest. The sound is atmospheric and contributes to a nice overall feeling. The experience is probably best a rainy autumn evening accompanied with a cup of tea.Other than that I don't have much to say. You walk around in a house, open doors, read notes, look at objects, and build your idea of what has happened.Even though the Gone Home is fun, its biggest problem is that it's far too expensive. I finished the game after 80 minutes, after taking my time and not rushing anything. The price on Steam is 20 EUR, so in the end the hourly rate is much higher than a visit to the cinema. If you like a good story and want an hour and a half of entertainment I recommend buying this game on a sale.3/10 note books"
76561198058906387,Not Recommended,232430,14532796,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Succubusty,"I feel like I wasted my money on it. The story is nothing special and its short as ♥♥♥♥, NOT worth the price tag (and thats because I bought it when it was on sale)Just save yourself the trouble and watch someone play it on youtube.WASTE OF TIME WASTE OF MONEY"
76561198059919100,Not Recommended,232430,8328183,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,KingOfJewishDating,"I know a good story when I see one, and this ""game"" had an above average story; however, with that being said, the ""game"" can not be justified as a game I, and many others, like to play. You literally just walk around, pick random objects up, and let the sister do all the narrating of the story until you finish. That's it, seriously. No I'm serious, that's it. I wasted two hours of my life just hoping something more exciting than a random burst of crackling lighting startled me, but it never occurred. The story itself will be more than enjoyable if you like a romantic mystery (I do); however, the story truly belongs in a book, not a game. Honestly, you can get the same effects that the ""game"" will put on you if you read the Wikipedia summary of the plot of the, dare I say it again, ""game""."
,Recommended,232430,29362839,Posted: 19 January,all,FristiFan99,"The game is short, yes, but the story is really sweet, the voice acting is superb, and the games music is sometimes ambient,  but at other times real raw punk rock."
,Recommended,232430,29676444,Posted: 3 February,all,LINCEix,"A very peculiar game, more focused on storytelling than in gameplay. Despite been very short it's some kind of addiction because we find ourselves exploring every corner of the mansion trying to find every detail of the family members lifes.I think this formula should work well in some kind of interactive books. Book publishers should explore this idea.I really recomend this different game : the story is fantastic , the soundtrack and ... the final - superb !"
,Not Recommended,232430,11743270,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Dopefish,"I went into this game with no expectations and no prior knowledge. It drops you in an empty house with a storm outside, building a nice spooky atmosphere. A lot of little details and good voice acting really help build the feeling of the environment. However, that's the only thing that I can praise. I was expecting a scary game from the art style and ambience, but all I got was a dumb story about the main character's little sister. A cheesy teen romance is not praise-worthy and it's not material to be the focal point of a game.I love ""interactive stories"" more than most people and finding all the little pieces grabbed me at first, but the plot was predictable, uninteresting, and very run-of-the-mill. Hints of the mother cheating and the father's struggles with writing are only briefly mentioned before the focus returns to the stupid romance. The weak plot is unacceptable in a game that focuses so heavily on story (walking and clicking are the only gameplay mechanics - you can't even jump).TL;DR: This game is well executed, but not good. Weak points include the plot and the unsatisfying, underwhelming ending."
,Not Recommended,232430,10442415,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,magical.machete,0/10Would not recommendStory was boring and couldn't hold my interest.Ending was anti-climatic.Not exciting at all.
76561198060472026,Not Recommended,232430,11226626,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,dbiancajr,"I heard tons of great reviews about this game and being a big fan of story driven games, I figured I'd give it a shot. After beating it in literally 30 minutes my jaw dropped on how predictable the ending was. I really had high hopes for this game and kept waiting for that big twist but in the end, it was a huge disapointment to me!!"
,Not Recommended,232430,11249497,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,captainschenn,"Somewhat interesting game that is spoiled by red herrings and a disappointing finish. Worth checking out when it's on sale for $2. The full price of $20 is embarassing. If you like story-based games with little-to-no gameplay, I would check out ""To The Moon"" instead of this. Deeper and more interesting story with a genuinely emotional and satisfying conclusion."
76561198007577057,Not Recommended,232430,11570415,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Stinky Cheese Man!,"Well, this is my second review for a game on here.  My first one for The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim wasn't all that hot, so It's time to start acting my age and be more specific.  I'll still sound pretty rusty, but hopefully as time goes by I'll be more thorough with my reviews and be more specific about my experiences and and opinions.  Sorry, but bear with me on this one.Over all, even with a decent premise and a unique take in story telling, I wasn't too impressed.Audio/Visuals - Takes place in a first person view through an enire house that tells a story about a family.  Given the fact that the team was not the bloated size of most AAA game publishers, the atmosphere on here is actually pretty good.  Shadows casted when you turn on lights, examining objects when you pick them up (and seeing the 5.99 sticker on the holiday duck?  Priceless folks!), the thunderstorm echoing through the halls and room as you unravel the mystery of what has been going on with your family since your year round trip across Europe adds up to a great atmosphere of wonder and curiosity.  The minimal system requirements means that you can experience this short adventure without the fear of having to call the fire department.  Just make sure to get a good pair of headphones and turn the lights off.Gameplay - The meat and bones of any game.  If your looking to grab a full infantry kit, tack on an ACOG on that spify SCAR-H and go blow up some 'dem brown folks because F.R.E.E.D.O.M...............no, not here.  The game has an interesting take on exploration, going from room to room, interacting with drawers, turning on light switches, reading documents and journals, picking up seemingly mundane objects and discovering clues, and piecing together the whereabouts of your family (and specifically, the whereabouts of your sister).  Think along the lines of Dear Esther.Story - You'll see a lot of opinions claiming that the game only got it's positive exposure due to it's take on a current civil rights movement right now.  Sadly, Im beginning to agree with them.  It's difficult for me to share it without spoiling the entire story, and I'd think it's better for you to go along with the narrative then read about it here.  But all I can say is that it overall plays out in the end like a run of the mill MTV movie special.  It's the same old story that has been better told through better channels.Overall, I was just dissapointed with this game.  I knew better then to go in expecting the likes of Fallout or Morrowind.  And I was taken in by the amount of exploration and mystery that surrounded the happenings of the family.  But while the game is proof that videogames can definitely be a great meduim for art (hell, in this day of age wackjobs consider aborted fetuses a form of art), unfortinately it loses it's luster as it goes on, turing into a tale that just jumps on the bandwagon of pop culture."
76561198066884414,Not Recommended,232430,13191529,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,jacobstacy777,"Simply put this is not a game, this is a linear story that take about two hours to complete, there are no enemies nor is there any sort of conflict what-so-ever. Looking at it from a story aspect of it it still does not impress enough for that $10 price, it is filled with predictable elements and a predictable ending. This was advertized as a horror game where the protagonist goes home from a trip and her family isn't there, which has potential as a horror title, but in turn it truly is about your sister finding herself as a woman going through her teen years. Simply put this is not a game and /i would not recommend anyone to purchase it."
,Not Recommended,232430,14020095,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Future_JPL,"You start out the first five minutes and you think it's gonna be spooky.Spoiler alert, the spookiest thing is that your sister's a lesbian.There's no cool reason there's no one home. Your family took a trip. And your sister ran away with her girlfriend. Big whoop. There you go, I just saved you two hours and 20$. Legitimately, a 20$ game for two hours of gameplay, Hideo Kojima would be proud.If you're into social justice, this game is all about sticking it to the patriarchy. 10/10"
76561198037344275,Not Recommended,232430,18319466,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Beboh,Too short.  Not worth the money.
,Not Recommended,232430,8623439,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Marona,"Not a really good game, but not really bad one either. This is more of the type of game that would be enjoyed by people who like mystery and soap opera stuff. All you do is basically unravel your sister's journal in order to piece out what happened in the household. Sadly, this game wouldn't go on my list on awesome games."
,Not Recommended,232430,8448584,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Shieldshock,This game sucks.
76561197989991633,Not Recommended,232430,11953803,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,muss,"As a lower middle class person, I could not identify with the oh-so-dreadful problems of an upper class teenager. I could have spent the money on booze and gotten more hours of entertainment."
,Not Recommended,232430,12285893,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Con,"The story was boring, predictable, it felt like it was pandering way to hard.The dad's story was kind of interesting but thats the only good thing I can think of.There's not much else to talk about with this game.I wish I had saved my money."
,Not Recommended,232430,12289582,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,UserUnknown,Please don't ask me why I own this game
,Not Recommended,232430,13412617,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Mike,"Gone Home has received attention and praise as a game that puts narrative before mechanics. Unfortunately, the narrative gets a free pass to be abysmally shallow for this. The major plot elements make me feel second hand embaressment for the writing, and the major plot twist is obvious that you'll know it the second you see the character in question's flannel shirt, or Jody Foster photographs, or pirate flag, or girl band. The juvinile ending that would feel right at home in a cheap young adult romance fanfiction truly lacks substance - yet the game treats it as though it's something incredible and beautiful. It's shocking that this game has been given the revere it has. Perhaps its audience and players have unfortunately never encountered real women, let alone gay women, so maybe it's that novelty that carries the game."
,Not Recommended,232430,11058534,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,SaMa,"I love adventure games, I really do. Stories and atmospheres really stand out for me, but Gone Home... The atmosphere told me something completely different from the story. And that's a huge mistake.Poor story - really poor.No real gameplay - you just walk and look at things that 99% of them are TOTALLY useless to the ""story"".No brain usage - except for asking yourself ""How can this game win so many prizes? What's the purpose of this game?""At some point, when you find some items (that have nothing to do with the story), you'll think that the game is about to get better...But in the end you see that it meant nothing and the game was just teasing you with a real stupid ""story"".A shame. I really want my money back."
,Not Recommended,232430,11097355,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Fifty Shades of Chumlee,literally do not play this everi went in to this with the lowest possible expectations and was still surprised at how terrible this was
,Not Recommended,232430,10433931,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Sexy Killer,"So, I really like the idea of just having a story that you live. That's my favorite parts of many of the games I enjoy anyway. There are no monsters to kill and no one trying to come get you. I thought this would be a fun way to ""play"". But sadly that's what is missing. There is no sense of danger. At all. The stormy setting and creepy empty house sets it up like it should be creepy. So you start off wondering if someone is going to startle you or come up behind you. Then you realize that nothing is going to happen. Nothing at all. You spend the game finding letters from your sister. Reading them and solving puzzles (all be it very simple ones). Then you find out that all the build up was for nothing...no big suprise at the end. Nothing. Yeah, not going to reccomend this game."
,Not Recommended,232430,10389872,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,assgoblinmaniac,"Not worth $20 at ALL.This game was not very fun. Its overall gameplay was very dull and boring. The gameplay consists of inspecting objects, opening/closing boxes or cupboards, and looking for keys in a small mansion. Thrilling, isn't it?The story also suffers heavily. What could be summed up in about three paragraphs of a biography is instead presented in a dully voiced audio log. The audio logs range from not important at all to critical to understanding the main plotline. Speaking of the main plotline, the game also suffers from multiple plot holes, especially at the end. Without spoiling anything, we know the parents of the household are missing. Yet it is never explained where they went or what happened to them. The whole story is very boring and uninteresting. It feels very pretentious and full of itself.If I had to give this piece a score, I would consider 5/10.Lifeless and average feeling characters and a sad excuse for gameplay makes this game feel more like a Walking Simulartor more than an Exploration game. Not worth the price at all."
,Recommended,232430,8357580,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Digi,"The required criteria for something to labeled a game is up for debate, but it really doesn’t matter. Ask yourself: “Is it enjoyable?” If it is, then whether or not it’s technically a game is irrelevant.I enjoyed Gone Home despite it lacking typical aspects of a “game.” The main character is a girl who’s just returned from traveling abroad but there’s no one home. By scavenging the house for clues, information is revealed at a steady pace until the main plot is resolved. During this process, details about her family are uncovered, forming several subplots that I assumed would tie together. While only the big question was directly answered at the end, speculations can be made about the others.Set in the 90s, the game is packed with nostalgia; from SNES cartridges to magic eye posters (that actually work). It’s a great touch and it got a few laughs out of me, but the real value is in the mystery of the story. Curiosity kept me going, and the game kept giving me just enough motivation to keep pushing through it. At two hours it’s a little short, and I would have liked to have seen more about the parents and uncle. For $20 I can’t recommend it but if you catch it on sale, definitely pick it up.If I had to rate my level of enjoyment on a scale of 1 to 10, it would be a 6. The brevity really killed it for me, but it’s a solid story and probably deserves a higher rating. Either way, Gone Home is a great debut by the Fullbright Company, and I’m looking forward to whatever they’re next project may be.Digital Logik PC Gaming"
76561198022645048,Not Recommended,232430,14741039,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Scrutiny Centralizer,"If you suffer preternatural terror of spoilers, don't read this review.The description reads, ""Gone Home is an interactive exploration simulator.""  This means you walk around looking for worthless detritus amidst a genuinely eery atmosphere.  It took me probably an hour to realize there was no actual threat in the game.  It was about that time that I also realized there were no puzzles, just places you haven't looked yet.  Felt like there was a great deal of lost potential.  It's fairly clear the author had more interest in crafting a narrative than anything resembling game mechanics.  In that respect, perhaps a different medium would have been more effective.  But all this besides, it's not even really a game.I'd just like to mention the snippet from the New York Times.  “Gone Home is the greatest video game love story ever told.”  I suppose I need video game commentary from the New York Times like I need a bullet in the head.  It's not even a game, and without the principal characers present, it's not really a love story--merely the echoes of a love story between special snowflake teenagers more noteworthy than it deserves thanks to the sexual preferences of those teenagers.Just thinking about this game leaves me with a lingering foul taste, something altogether and grossly sacharrine.  I can't believe they charge 20 dollars for this rubbish.  I can't believe I was fool enough to pay 20 dollars for it."
76561198127690311,Not Recommended,232430,33099345,Posted: 1 July,all,brett4real,Get it on sale as the game is short and not very replayable. If you like short stories in game form then this is for you as that's basically all it is. You arrive in an empty house not knowing where everyone's at -- look around and click. And that's it.
76561198004523290,Not Recommended,232430,13583315,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,zdentonz,What did I just play?
,Not Recommended,232430,12334675,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,fallinghatter,Don't bother buying it. Game too short and not enough emotional impact for it to be worthwhile.
76561197962660757,Not Recommended,232430,13597589,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,WindwardMist,This game can be beaten in 10 mins. I would advise anyone to that wants to get this game to only do so when its on a huge sale.  The experince is good but it is a total ripoff at 20 dollars. There simply isnt enough game here to justify that price tag.
76561198021181767,Not Recommended,232430,11207370,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Manly,THIS GAME IS ABOUT TOSSING♥♥♥♥♥♥ON THE GROUND WITH UNSATISFYING SOUND EFFECTS!
,Recommended,232430,11074937,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,KBop a doo,"You won't get anything out of reading reviews for Gone Home. Don't pay $20 or anything close to it, but at least play it so you can form your own opinion. Kinda like how not everyone enjoys certain novels or films, but it's beneficial to experience it and form your own opinion. Gone Home tries to pull at your emotions and therefore will not resonate with everyone (didn't really give me the feels, had some friends feel differently though), and there is no way to know if you're one of those folks until you play it.That said, here is my ""review"" -Gone Home is better described as a ""story"" or an ""experience"", rather than a game. You step into the shoes of Katie, a young girl returning home after studying abroad. She is surprised to find the house empty - where are Mom, Dad, and her younger sister Sam?Looking through her family's belongings - a bottle of hair dye, a letter from her mom's college roommate, a note jotted on the back of a mixtape - Katie unravels what she missed. People and relationships are constantly changing and evolving, families being no exception to this, and Gone Home is relatable and touching in that sense.Would I recommend Gone Home at the $20 price tag? No. I paid $3 and think that is more of a fair price for what it offers, especially considering exploring everything only takes a little over an hour."
,Not Recommended,232430,26175240,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Tex,"This game had so potential but it goes nowhere. I'm so disappointed with it. The story is so shallow, it left more questions in the air than answers (but not in a good way).Such a cool house, and the exploration was just ok.The end of the game was so... argh, I wish I had my money and my time back.oh yes, and the soundtrack is crap, everytime I put a cassete on, I coudn't handle 20 seconds!"
76561198009681233,Recommended,232430,20446257,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Gerwiiin,"A short, but memorable, unique and personal experience. Goosebumps."
76561197981937056,Not Recommended,232430,13603690,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Waymark,"For $4 (Steam holiday sale), this ""game"" was all right for 2 hours of entertainment and figuring out the story.  Other than that, it's not mind blowing or challenging in any way.  Think of it as a story telling experience.  Would not buy at full price!"
,Not Recommended,232430,10433389,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,sharon_knits76™,Super short and plain. You're basically tricked into buying a game that isn't really a game at all; one that's over in 2 hours. Nothing really happened or was revelatory; it was pretty cut and dry. I wish I hadn't wasted my money.
,Not Recommended,232430,12626315,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,LRibeiro,"This is the first game ever where, once I was done, I felt cheated and wanted my money back.Did I want to be longer than it was?  No, why would I want more of the same boring (non-)gameplay?I lost a lot of respect for many reviewers after all the raves this game got.  Change Lonnie from a female to a male and 99% of the game would be exactly as it is now, the game would lose its political agenda, and I suspect that, without that agenda, this game would have been rightfully ignored.I would love to see the emails on GameJournoPros for this one."
,Not Recommended,232430,12690305,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,K1nKYcuLt15T,"Going to be honest, I got bored. I tried to like this game, I enjoy mystery and horror games. But I just found this really boring and could't get into it at all."
,Not Recommended,232430,34718661,Posted: 3 September,all,FadingShapes,"There’s plenty to love about this game: the house is creatively designed and the attention to detail's fantastic; the “riotgrrrl” soundtrack's fun and conveys the 90s vibe well; the voice acting's brilliant and the delivery's on point. However, at its core, this is a story-driven game, so I feel obliged to grade it based on that, and, unfortunately, this is where things begin to unravel. The plot so overtly attempts to evoke pathos that it loses all sense of subtlety. ""Get invested!"" it screams, but only offers up trite character development and an empty atmosphere in return. A well-executed story should draw out emotion naturally, with its intent at least partially obscured, but this just comes across forced and schmaltzy. It has moments of promise, though, so I remained relatively optimistic throughout, seeing it through to the end in the hope that my apathy would eventually subside...but it didn’t. There's definitely potential here, and I think that given time this studio will produce something of real worth (I'm certainly open to trying Tacoma at some point). They just need to work on cleverer, more layered storytelling in the future.Also, as a side note, I was left feeling extremely nauseous because of the awful FOV and “head bob” effect (which I later discovered I could turn off), so to the more sensitive among you, beware."
,Not Recommended,232430,9606777,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,[APG]RoboCop[CL](Linux),"Pros:->> Very good story line>> Nostalgic features>> Good model/texture quality>> Interesting Journels and Family Life>> Got some nice Tape MusicsCons:->> This game can be completed in just under 1 hour>> The SNES and VHS player appears to be excluded>> Some props can be lost when thrown on tables, beds and wooden stools>> No bumpmap textures>> FPS rate appears slow on my latest PC>> Polygon geometry models and surface don't look any realistic for this game>> Too expensive to buy this game>> All the maps and environments in this game is all in just one mansion, but nothing furtherOverall my answer is no, but for a bargain sale price for under half-price = yes."
,Not Recommended,232430,8030274,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,MSaint,"Pros:- gets somewhat interesting in the middle of the story progress- has few funny moments- interesting storytelling mechanic- X-Files mania, VHS tapes and hidden porn mags reminded me how it was to be a teenager in the 90'sCons:- so short you may not be able to even get all Steam Card drops before you finish it, so extremely poor playtime/price ratio- story is about teenager dealing with her homosexuality, told through her journal - I found her stories to be cringeworthy at best and some moments were just ham-fisted (sex ed writing task papers randomly placed for you to read)- beggining and end of the story is boring, in the middle you may not be sure where this is all going, but the closer to end you know what happened, which renders the whole time spent playing somewhat pointlesstl;dr if you want a fun and satisfying story-driven game, go play Deadly Premoniton."
,Recommended,232430,23828669,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Insomnicron,"The native language of this game is: Empathy.If you do not speak it, and can not understand it, all that is good, human and nuanced to this game will be hard to make out.It is worth learning to speak that language... and not just for this game...If you don't speak it yet, perhaps because you haven't had time enough to really look into it, start putting in the effort and come back here when you have a grasp on it.Just like Jokes and Poems, some things tend lose their impact if some one tries to translate them for a non-native speaker."
,Recommended,232430,14255135,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,t. mike,"""Lesbians are only cool when they're fetishized enough for people to get off on it.""~ Steven, a buddy~It's amazing how much loathing GH brought out of youngsters, quick to disguise it behind 'rational,' 'objective' criticism of both gameplay and writing. Players who never think twice about writing quality were flooding the corners of the 'net with either vitriol or waxed objectivity.I adored the game. Storytelling is what I want to see focused on in video games these days, and this game delivered something truly incredible for the medium. Connections were made, emotions were felt, yadda yadda, but what I can't stop thinking about is something my friend's said for years: ""Video game people are trash.""It's a minority, but it's that very loud minority that thrives on the 'net, making these angry comments a dime a dozen. In between the disgust at the themes of homosexuality, you'll find the age-old assertion that reviewers were clearly either paid off or scared of offending The Feminazi Agenda, or, like, whatever. In reality, GH is simply bad fan fiction meant for the Lifetime channel's audience to fawn over; not worth its cost specifically because you can speedrun it in 1:30 minutes; manipulative pandering to Gen-Y'ers (nefariously plotted by the developers to fool 20-somethings into thinking they like a bad game because it has a digitally-rendered trapper keeper); rubbish because Sam's a teenager and acts like a teenager; doesn't lend itself as a video game and thus should not be reviewed by the video game press, but rather should be treated as a bad--of course--novella self-published on Kindle.Sam's side of the story treads on YA fiction tropes, and, admittedly, understanding or enjoying those tropes enhances her story significantly. (5 years ago I probly woulda agreed with the story criticism. YA fiction? Pfew, that's fer dumb kids.) Where some of the more eloquent complaints drag down on the predictable cliche, on the archetype, the simplification surrounding Sam's sexuality, and the fact that her story and hers only gets narration to, like, 'beat you over the head,' as many have so nicely put it...I saw all of this as a clear necessity of the message it was conveying and for the audience it was conveying it to. It wasn't just speaking to LGBT players, it was speaking to that sense of being an outsider we all felt and lived to some degree during our stints as dumb, selfish kids.But then the game didn't stop with her story, it wasn't just video games' Looking for Alaska in 2-4 hours, it had a handful of other tales written for entirely different audiences, with their varying depth hidden to better fit the 'adult' audience. Add that to the game's brilliant steps in storytelling: It doesn't just match John Green at his most irreverent--in those few short hours it also affects those crustier hearts: You Can Do Better.Will I care about what these folks said in 5 years? Nope. Will anyone? Probably not specifically, but it's depressing as hell to see this juvenile baloney so strongly and widely present in gamers.""its a about a lonely girl who thinks she is a lesbian when in reallity she never had a boyfirend so she justs runs away with another girl who actually is a lesbian""-- Metacritic"
,Not Recommended,232430,19062857,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,SchauhN,cringeworthy and boring story
,Recommended,232430,7954388,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,owenLLharris,"This game, put simply, is ♥♥♥♥ing great.I have been playin games for almost 30 years and this was a brand new flavour. Oh, the joy.It transproted me back to my 90's teenage years with its deeply detailed world.X"
76561198045807635,Recommended,232430,8024774,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Owlmanandy,"Definitely one of the greatest story-driven games I've ever played.  The developers have created a believable, realistic setting and storyline that completely captures the atmosphere of the game.  It's a really beautfiul game, though the price is a bit lofty.  Having played the game, I find that it is a truly great game, but $20 is a little bit pricy for 4, maybe 5, hours of gameplay, and I completed the entirety of the game in that time.  I believe I finished the story and found all the collectibles (there really aren't any) in the time period.  The replay value and price are a little disappointing, but the story and emotion make up for it.  Beautiful piece, but don't go in expecting traditional gameplay or length.  Worth the buy, but maybe when it's on sale.Addition:It's been two years since I wrote this review, I think, and it still holds true.  This game is one of the few that I can say affected me on an emotional level.  It isn't for everyone, though, that's for sure, and looking at it now, the storyline is a bit cliche, but to me, this game is beautiful.  And really, beauty is in the eye of the beholder, so what more can you ask?"
76561197971532050,Recommended,232430,7480661,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Conditional Love,"This a 90s 'em up heartfelt short story: a big nostalgia hit if you remember the 90s and you used a tape-recorder to get your favourite songs off the radio. Simply put Gone Home is one of the very few games that can make you actually care about another character and leave you apprehensive about the possible ending.Gone Home is similar to Dear Esther in that it is another story ""game"": only ~2 hours exploring-and-doing everything. Gone Home and Dear Esther might be ""games"", but what they strive to just let the consumer roleplay as the active agency in a story. If these stories were in print they would probably be short stories in The New Yorker.Yes, Gone Home is better than Dear Esther in my subjective opinion.Only get Gone Home if it is on sale and you like this style of game, otherwise avoid. Suprised? Well Gone Home is nothing amazing, but it does have a worthwhile story.As much as Dear Esther challenged whether it was ""ok"" to be just a story with a setting, I imagine Gone Home game will be an inspiration to the next generation of great storied games. Are we in a Golden Era of great storied games? Not yet!"
76561197970342223,Recommended,232430,396152,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,THI| CynageN,This game is superb and delivers such a unique experience woven with a touching and personal story. You owe it to yourself to check it out.
,Recommended,232430,24131977,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Chrypts,this game made me gayer than i already am 10/10
76561198040444388,Recommended,232430,13686352,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Cap'n Wiggles \(^-^)/,♥♥♥♥... im kinda speechless... 10 outta 10
,Recommended,232430,23756104,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,MaahHeim,"Well, I expected something completely different from the actual result, but it was great. I was actually crying at the end of the game, so yeah."
76561198040855634,Recommended,232430,4695552,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,el Tron,"A hard-hitting, mysterious, masterful game from this four-person development team. Like the best narrative-driven video games, Gone Home tells its story in a way that only video games can, and does so at a methodical, pitch-perfect pace. It's nostalgic in a way that I've never seen a video game be before; those of you who vividly remember the 1990's will find surprise after surprise here. Gone Home is easily worth all the hype and praise it's been generatating. This is one you won't forget."
,Recommended,232430,4152167,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Lucifalle,"Without ruining too much, this is one of the most atmospheric stories I've played in years. Note that I used the word story instead of ""game"". If you're expecting a traditional adventure or horror game, you'll not find it here. Instead the game manages to capture the essence of the nineties while keeping you in a constant state of psychological tension as you explore a mysteriously abandoned home (with more than a few uncomfortable secrets to discover). As someone who grew up in the 90s, listened to riot grrrl, played bass in a riot grrrl band and experienced a very similar coming of age as the invisible protagonist, Sam... I can perhaps relate to the themes conveyed more than the average gamer demographic. Perhaps because of that, I consider this to be one of my favourite games of the year. It's an experience which rewards slow-paced exploration and the ability to soak in the atmosphere of the era. It's also very short, I finished it in about four hours despite taking my time in piecing together the subtle threads of the story and exploring the manor obsessively. I don't consider this to be a bad thing, as it suits the game's purpose of telling the story of a slightly dysfunctional family and their history. There is no need to pad it out with unnecessary content. By the end, I was deeply moved and pleasantly surprised... in my opinion, there need to be more games like this in the world. Period."
,Recommended,232430,21163776,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Shire Crawler,"This is a point and click game with a FPS mechanics.I know poeple loved to hate this game saying ""it's not a game"", but honestly, all games have targed audiances and clearly this game is not theirs. No need to be a spoiled brat.I'll go to the point and say whats good:-Very smart and subttle way to make a story telling + point and click game-Mysterious backstory and environment make u feel like something is going to jump at any moment-No jumpscares (to me thats a good thing, cause in my opinion jumpscares are just a cheap way to scare u)-Great character development and voiceacting-As a lesbian I identified very much with the chraracter and felt like it was very accurate in portraing their love... and now whats not so good:-I really expected something to happen in the end-The ending, to me, was quite predictable. I was REALLY hoping for something to turn the tables.-The freedom makes a little confused to what should u do before it ends (I ended the game without seeing every room u can enter and that frustrates me)-It is indeed too short of a game for such a high price. Not fair!!!"
,Recommended,232430,7654673,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,niX,"Very relaxing and intriguing. Immersive gameplay, but it unfortunately has no replayability.A little lacking in story, and the play time is only worth about 2 hours without having to go back and repeat anything. May not be worth the retail price for such a short amount of gameplay, but I'd still recommend buying it during a sale."
79645332963226174,Not Recommended,232430,10078367,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,No,"Spoilers ahead.Even when buying it on sale, Gone Home disappoints on all fronts.  Putting aside (for a little bit) it was made to obviously pander to a ""progressive"" crowd who doesn't even care if a game is fun or has a good story or even makes sense, Gone Home is a massive bait and switch.  It sets up a creepy atmosphere that eventually gets lost as you search every nook and cranny for stuff hidden in bizarre places, all while being told a story.That story takes away from the immersion of the game play.  Instead of being led to believe something has happened through clues, which what I believed the game would be like after listening to the answering machine, you are force fed story and driven to look for things because a disembodied voice is basically telling you ""you are going the right way.""  It eventually becomes bizarre, as you realize that the person you are playing as didn't have a disembodied voice telling her to look for clues, yet you are playing as someone who is obsessively searching every nook and cranny of the house for no discernable reason other than a letter on the front door and an answering machine message from someone you don't even know.And in the end, the story is one that was something seen for years in cheesy movies, except this time there are lesbians.  We are supposed to forgive their mistake in the end because it's true lesbian love, not acknowledge that two stupid kids ran off together after stealing a car and going AWOL.  All Gone Home does is trivialize the problems faced by members of the LGBT by barely even showing them to us, then wrapping it up in a bow for a happy ending where true love always finds a way.  And the fact this has won awards for ""game of the year"" and has received so much praise from people who don't even acknowledge the shallowness of the gameplay and the immersion flaws and only acknowledge a story that has been done countless times shows there is a bias to give anything that is seen as pushing boundaries the utmost praise, even when it doesn't deserve it.If you want a similar type of game, once based on story, play The Stanley Parable instead.  It is a wonder how both games came out for the same award year yet the one that is more flawed has gotten more attention."
76561198054608042,Not Recommended,232430,9240509,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Gerald of Pollanalty,"Overrated. Highly overrated. The game isn't bad, but the reviews it's got off professional journalists is laughable. The game is obviously driven purely by the narrative, and the first ten minutes build an incredible suspense. But after those ten minutes, you realise what the story is about and it's incredibly lacking and underwhelming.When you create an interactive story with very minimal gameplay, you'd better make one hell of a narrative. This game doesn't do that, whatsoever.All aboard the f**king hype-train."
76561198047242265,Not Recommended,232430,10067485,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Chronosam,"I can't believe I wasted $20 on this crap. If you want to do social commentary in a game, that's fine, but at least make the game interesting. There were tantalizing overtures throughout the game, but in the end, it was a huge disappointment. If you get 1/3 of the way through and think to yourself, ""I hope this isn't what the whole game is going to be about,"" then prepare to be disappointed. But hey, if you want to read a short story filled with social commentary in game-form, then maybe you'll really like this. Though, not for $20."
,Not Recommended,232430,10033218,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Quiros,$20 for 2 hours of walking around and reading stuff. (My playtime is only longer because I left it running while we went out for dinner.) The story is utterly forgettable. Just don't bother with this one.
76561197996549695,Not Recommended,232430,10435858,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Eternal_Warrior,I don't see how anyone could call this a game. I mean you can finish it in less then 45 seconds for god sake.
,Not Recommended,232430,10473036,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,darkfrog,"Not really a game at all, but more a mildly interactive movie...and a somewhat boring one at that.  To avoid giving away any spoilers I will just say there is some liberal propaganda thrown in for good measure as well."
,Not Recommended,232430,10481516,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,SweetCaC,this game had a touching storyline and it kept the suspense going but it left alot unexplained like what happen to the parents why did the house have so many secret passageways (maybe i just dont live in a cool house) or what was with the ghost story of oscar. all in all it was a alright game think i paid more than i should have but there was alot of time put into the graphics so im not too upset just left wanting more in the story
,Not Recommended,232430,10433804,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Spackster ❤,I want to gift this to all my friends.
76561198053223741,Not Recommended,232430,10459041,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Aywol,"Only get this is your really bored and want something to do for an hour and a half.Hearing drawers being opened and footsteps in the attic made me think I was going to get ganked.Must just be a ghost in the house.It was ok all in all but, meh."
76561198084877222,Not Recommended,232430,10463107,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,A Mysterious Stranger,"Gone Home is surrounded with plenty of controversy concerning whether or not the quality of its narrative warrants the price tag of $20. Now I was recently able to purchase it at only around $7, so I wasn't as affected by this price tag as much as some. Recently in the gaming industry, the quality of a game's story hasn't necessarily been higher on average, but has actually just been more apparent and a more important factor in purchasing a game. Some games are given a ""free pass"" in its story if it has exceptional gameplay, and Gone Home is near the exact polar opposite of this. The question that you should ask yourself when considering purchasing this game is that, ""For $20, am I willing to 'play' a game that has little to no gameplay and lasts for around two hours, since the game has excellent storytelling?"".When I initially bought Gone Home, I already knew some of what I was getting myself into. Despite that, I thought I could forgive the lack of gameplay, since the quality of the story is more important to me in most circumstances. I found that I was wrong. One game I want to bring up in ""comparison"" is Bioshock Infinite. This is a game that has an excellent narrative, storytelling, and gameplay. When I was playing Bioshock Infinite I found myself thinking of the combat scenes more or less just as transitions from one part of the plot to the next. When I finished Gone Home, I asked myself if I would have minded if Bioshock Infinite had removed all gameplay. If it was just a story being told as you followed along in the midst of it all. And I would've minded, because all those ""transitions"" actually added to the quality of the overall quality of the storytelling. It makes you feel invested in the story, and that you actually have a role and purpose. In Gone Home, it seems more like a reading a book (which I love to do, although my books don't have quick-time events and save points, because books and games are two different mediums).While Gone Home is still a game, it lacks the biggest factor that set video games apart from other methods of storytelling. And that is interactivity. In conclusion, Gone Home taught me that while the narrative is still very important to me, a game still needs interactivity. This was my experience and may not reflect yours or anyone else for that matter. I merely hope this review helps make your decision easier and more satisfying in the end.Thanks for listening to my thoughts, and there are more below if you are at all interested.By the way, I do not disagree with any reviews of this game saying how great the storytelling is. I am merely saying that this game lacks what it needs the most, and that is interactivity. I am also not saying that I think the story is all that great. I just feel that the developer did an excellent job of telling the story they wanted to.Perhaps a better game to compare Gone Home to is The Stanley Parable. Both place a very large role on the narrative of the story and both do an incredible job of telling their story. Though there is a VERY large difference between the two. That difference is the interactivity in The Stanley Parable. While The Stanley Parable is extremely similar to Gone Home in terms of length, The Stanley Parable is a better game (in my opinion) because it allows the player to choose how the plot continues. From playing Gone Home and The Stanley Parable I have realized that gameplay and interactivity are not the same thing. In both games you walk around a building, go through doors, and listen to dialogue. Though The Stanley Parable gives you multiple doors and reacts to which door you choose, which makes you feel like you have a role in the game and that feeling encourages you to continue playing and experience the developer's story."
76561197970518049,Not Recommended,232430,10473960,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Gusman777,This is NOT a game.     This is visual novel.     What a waste of my 6$Game of the year?!?  Not a chance.   This makes me question the the motivation of the reviewers.
,Not Recommended,232430,10483128,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Mistress of the Dark,"I was so excited to play this. I heard all this good stuff about this game. It is awful. If you don't like teenage girl drama, you won't like this game. AND teenage angst crap is the worst.Not worth the time, and not worth the money."
76561198022282302,Not Recommended,232430,10443441,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Indro,"Game play not satisfying at all, interaction with interface feels  repetitive, pointless and unrewarding. ""UNRAVEL THE MYSTERY"" is not the case; more like pick stuff up throw stuff back and hear about and ""unconventional"" teenage romance. I already knew I had got the wrong game when I saw the options in the start up menu for ""all lights begin on"" as a option."
,Not Recommended,232430,10436000,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Hulk_Hogue,"DO NOT LISTEN TO THE PRAISE GIVEN BY EXTERNAL MEDIA.  THIS GAME IS NO WHERE NEAR THE SUCH HIGH RATINGS IT HAS BEEN GIVEN.Let's break this down into two portions.. the video game aspects and the storytelling aspects.Video game aspects:Pros:  -Pretty.  -Controls were simplistic and straightforward.Cons:  -Not a game at all, just a story.  No gameplay elements with even less interaction than a point-and-click adventure.Storytelling:Pros:  -Plot branches down multiple paths for each family member.  -Mildly interesting.Cons:  -Foreshadowing left easily predictable plots.  -Generic, already overused plots.  -No hugely climactic points anywhere in the story;  most ""twists"" were expected.In summary, this ""game"" is a generic story you've probably heard time and time again.  Only plan on playing for a few hours to cover literally every aspect of this game.  Definitely not even worth the $6.79 reduced price it was purchased at."
,Not Recommended,232430,10439158,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Kiht,"*Spoilers*So I feel like a doofus buying this for a ""creepy"" experience, didnt bother to read reviews, just the description. What is this game? It's a walk around the house reading random pieces of paper to find out your dad is a failing writer, your mom is a successful civil servant of some kind, and your little sister decided to run away with her friend turned girlfriend. Not even a ""the girlfriend killed the parents,"" like what the hell. The design is good, but unless you want to literally slowly walk around a house just looking for boring notes and cassette tapes, for a boring conclusion of ""she came back so we ran away together."" Aingsty, boring, and not worth a $20 price tage in any way whatsoever. In the mood for a boring odd cliche story? get it when it's a 90% off sale. That's what it's worth"
,Recommended,232430,16813743,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,catkiller.kol,"I loved every second of this game, it was really great and a beautiful peice of storytelling... but I wouldn't pay £15 for it. Sorry.But on sale for like £2? Definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,232430,16819647,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,eronpaulo23,"DO IT, JUST DO IT."
76561198033607498,Recommended,232430,16809329,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,nagleator,"Finally got around to playing Gone Home, and just finished it. Can't stop crying, haven't felt this way or had a connection like this with anything in a long time. Such a moving and emotional game. Everyone must play, Can't recommend it enough. 10/10"
76561198024375564,Not Recommended,232430,21827217,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Choirfire,Didn't like it.  Would downvote if posted to /r/mildlyinteresting.
,Not Recommended,232430,8763735,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Dan B,"Not a fan. Thought it was an interesting idea, but the execution didn't do it for me.Most of the game's ""best bits"" were the voice-acted dialogue bits that cue when you find certain messages in the game.The voice acting was ok, but got a bit too ""girl in an insincere advert for medicine"" tone.The whole Portland hipster wanky garage band thing put me off the game even moreso and the band's music is hysterically awful.I liked how the story tried to lead you down a potential horror plot, but the ending felt abrupt and not really satisfying.All in all, not worth $20. $3 maybe, but $20 takes the♥♥♥♥♥♥a bit."
,Not Recommended,232430,10758617,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Spike,"::::::Edit:::::::I was thinking about this game for a while. About my playthrough and my experience with it.Honestly, nothing was truly memorable about this game. I remember what the story was about sure, but nothing really sticks out to me about the actual playthrough.It's hard to recommend a game (experience) when there is nothing to recommend. What I can remember about my time in the game can easily be replicated in far better titles.Honestly, just watch other people play it. You'll get more of an inpact with their reactions than you will on your own.Unless this game is on sale again, don't bother with it. Watch lets plays and read reviews.::::::Original:::::*No spoilers, tl:dr*▲Good game.▲Great References.▲Attention to details is top notch.▲Story was alright▼Easy to figure out before end of game.▼Short.▼Get while on sale.*Spoilers*It's hard to say much about Gone Home, without spoiling the reason for playing it in the first place.Like everyone else has said, it's short. Really short. The time I have on it now, was my only playthrough (with me taking time to look at objects, read notes/letters, waiting around for the naration to finish) and although it was only 79 minutes, it felt much shorter. I had this feeling of angst the entire playthrough, that something could happen at any moment. (I've refused to read any reviews/watch playthroughs of games I want) But that feeling was self caused, no real reason to feel that way from the game. No enemies. No jumpscares. Nothing really disturbing/unsettling. Just your own imagination.The story is interesting enough. I personally don't care about other peoples sexual life, but that's really the only bit of story you have here. I do realize the significance of the story to the gaming world ect ect ect. Fact is, I really don't care.Was it interesting to hear? Without a doubt. Would I want to hear it again? No. In fact, I was more enraptured by the sub, sub story of the Hauntings. Trying to figure out when/where something would happen, how things in the environment(or things that weren't to be more precise) fit with the aformentioned sub, sub plot.Once you start getting towards the end of the journal entries, things start falling into place. Rappidly. You can figure out what happend about half way though, by that point, the only reaason to keep playing is to finish the game.OVERALL,The story was fine. Not my cup of tea, but a good story none the less.The details were fantastic. There were references to things, that I had forgotten about long ago. It was nice to visit the 90's again.But, for 20 bucks, not really worth it. While It's on sale though, you get your monies worth."
,Not Recommended,232430,10793351,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Avatar,"Played this for a little under an hour trying to work out what to do. Intriguing enough to keep you playing. But I only just have some remote idea of what I'm meant to do in this game. I'm still not really sure what I'm looking for. You start the game looking down.Update: OK, finished it, but the game is overall pretty ho-hum. Not satisfied that the game was worth having the mystery uncovered, which isn't really a mystery at all, just storytelling. Sam's journals are what you should be paying attention to throughout the game - not because you'll miss something, but because listening to it *is the game*.Basically you're playing a book. You have to pay very careful attention to as much as you can pick up about each of the characters and get to know who they are. There's not really meant to be ""an ending"", just characters and personality."
76561198006476640,Recommended,232430,10878642,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Morphy,"Quite an unusual game. It's not an action-packed game so you could be disappointed if you're used to run-of-the-mill FPS games. You return home from a spell away, and just spend time exploring the house and discovereing things in a first-person view. It is a bit slow going but makes a change from the standard FPS fare. Overall, I think a bit over-rated, but not too bad."
,Not Recommended,232430,8764716,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,jesus has diabetes,"This 1.5 hour game held me attention, but upon completion I found the game lacking. It was well paced, telling a sort of coming of age story via notes you find littered around the house. I only got stuck once, having to look up online where I could find a locker code (in a spot I wouldn't of thought to look, and dont recall any hints as to its location). Minus that one hang-up, I suppose the game was enjoyable. Having finished it, I wouldn't of played it with this post-knowledge. Like I said, the game held my interest, so I guess it was worth it for the $5 I paid. If you're a hopeless romantic maybe you'll enjoy this game. Stay away if your homophobic though.Oh, and the game had really good voice acting  The audio was noticibly top notch."
,Not Recommended,232430,10738360,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Beatfox,"Truly awful.  Despite the hype, this game proved to be a boring slog of an ""exploration"".  You might compare it to Dear Esther, but that would be a great insult to Dear Esther's story.  The narrative of Gone Home, however, is a monotone experience from start to finish.  If you're like me, you'll reach the credits and announce it with a resounding, ""that's it??"".  Save the money and the time, this is a complete let down."
76561198027022449,Not Recommended,232430,9959330,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Netwalkthroughs,"**Spoiler Warning**I have to say that this game was a pretty big disappointment to me.  I hate to have the uncommon opinion on this but I feel like the story Gone Home tells really doesn't have much substance to it.  It really just feels like a formulaic love story to me.  If this story was trying to have some larger message about the struggles of being homosexual I really didn't see it.  There doesn't seem to be any sort of lesson to be learned, it just feels like short memoir with little point besides being a little heartwarming."
,Not Recommended,232430,426158,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,CanUDig,"Do not buy or play this ""game"" at any price. It is  not even a choose your own adventure. It's a boring walkthrough of a boring house. It is an After School Special, Lifetime Movie simulator disguised as a ""game."""
76561198067902312,Not Recommended,232430,10737783,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,cait__sith,"Very anticlimactic. It started out promising, and hinted that it may even be a horror game, but no. Turns out it's about teenaged lesbians eloping."
,Not Recommended,232430,9319946,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Smartefarmand,Stay away from this terrible walking simulator. This is not a game
,Not Recommended,232430,8614747,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Mister Rahool,"A story of a sister discovering her sister is a lesbian. If you think there will be ghosts, don't worry, there are none. Just the narrative of two lesbians running away together as you tear apart the house. Highlight of the game was finding all the toiletpaper in the house and putting it in the tub. Don't ask why."
,Not Recommended,232430,9182551,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,teridactyl,"First of all, as many have pointed out, this isn't a game so much as an intreractive novel, much like Dear Esther. I mention Dear Ester because it's the only other one of these kinds of environmental walk-through non-games I've played. And while the storyline is more coherent in Gone Home than it was in Dear Esther, I don't really know if the ending or the payoff was as fulfilling or uplifting. Definitely the graphics don't even come close to the environment in Dear Esther.Also in contrast to Dear Esther, there's no headscratching at the end to make me think about later, or any reason to revisit it at all once it's over. Gone Home didn't make me feel smart for figuring out these clues on my own; the story is basically spoon-fed to you. I saw the ending a mile away.And though they paint it to be a happy ending, I don't think it really is if you consider the character you've been listening to, Sam, and her final decision at the end of the game. HOW WAS THAT A GOOD IDEA? Congratulations,your girlfriend is now a military deserter, which I'm pretty sure the Army doesn't take lightly. I hope you enjoy living in Canada.You've also justalienated your entire family. You're not the first person to come out to their parents whose initial reaction was negative but eventually turned around. How is running away from home going to endear them any more to you? You also just left your big sister to explain the whole situation to them once they get back from their second honeymoon to rekindle a relationship that was already on the rocks. And you also left her the task of CLEANING UP YOUR STUPID♥♥♥♥♥♥you left all over the house, because I'm pretty sure they wouldn't appreciate finding the witchcraft stuff. OUR DAUGHTER IS A LESBIAN DEVIL-WORSHIPER.Yeah. That'll go over well.Sorry. I just had to get that out. It's been bugging me.Also, for a family with so many secrets, they sure don't have a problem leaving their dirty laundry everywhere so it's easy to find.  Welcome home, Daughter, to the most passive-agressive family in Portland. If I was her, I'd hop on the next plane back to Paris.Do I recommned it? I don't know. I guess if you have 3 hours to kill and nothing else to do, and like experiencing stories that make you angry for the purpose of deconstructing them, like I do. It's short and not a huge investment. Wait 'till it goes on super sale, though. Wish I had."
76561197971195771,Not Recommended,232430,9327350,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,freakinout_johny,"OMG are  you kidding, $20 for a 3 hour game. I'm a slow game player and I don't think I've ever finished a game faster."
,Not Recommended,232430,9919838,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,KungFuOpera,"DO NOT BUY THIS AT FULL PRICE. I wouldn't recommend spending more than $5 on it. That price is worth seeing the novel sort of way the narrative is told here, but it's barely a game. Interactive story, more like, and when I step back and really look at it, the nostalgia (I was the same age as Sam in 1995, so the references and whatnot felt so familiar) played a bigger part in enjoying it at the time."
,Not Recommended,232430,8769636,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Deimos,"Underwhelming - pure exploration game that unfolds a mediocre, predictable story. Well done ambience and a few clever moments don't make up for the subpar main dish."
,Not Recommended,232430,9313136,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Talanisa,"Okay....maybe in '95 this game was innovative and ahead of its time. But today...it was a snooze fest. Glad I got in on steam sale for $1 'cause if I had paid more I'd have been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Very bait and switch btw, it appears to be a haunting game and you figuring out what happened to your family when you get home. Guess what? When you do find out you're really not going to care. The narrative was interesting enough at first, but picture you're at camp and the counselor is setting up this really crazy, scary story, the wind is howling, he's got the flashlight illuminating his face in the dark, the shadows in the trees are dancing in the moonlight and freaking you out, you're all into it only to find out at the end....*drumroll....your dog ate your homework.yep. That's what this story was like. Pass unless you get it on sale. And even then, srsly consider if you're cool with a game like this."
,Not Recommended,232430,9349856,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Willy Wilikuss,"*Please do not pay twenty of your dollars for this game.*TL;DR: If you really want to hear another story about a lesbian teenager having a hard time and rebelling against her parents and getting in to punk music then just watch someone else play the game on youtube real quick and it will give you all the feels you need.Theme of game: Yet another victimization story of an American teenager.Story delivery: Walk around the house and read notes.Control: Obviously, being that there is no combative element, there was not much focus on control. Simply put, the movement controls (w,a,s,d) were awkward.Graphics: Fine for this particular game.Sound: Great for me.Overall message of the game (spoilers): Your sister is a sad teenager who's 'parents just don't get her' who got in to some weird crap with trying to connect with ghosts and started drawing pentagrams in the house and also becomes a lesbian when she meets an ROTC chick named Lonnie. Your mom has a great job working as a park ranger type person while your father writes books. These two people have one child living at home who leaves a TON of her stuff all over the house. Literally the whole house is like Sam's room.This review is a lot like the game. There's a bunch of sections of useless information that culminates to basically nothing. The point of the game is to learn your sister is a lesbian and has runaway and will probably, based on what you learn about your sister, not survive for long on her own or with her lover. For Sam, it will probably be like the movie taken except her father's not an ex CIA agent but rather a man who writes books nobody reads. Also your sister's love throws away years of dedication in ROTC and a promising future in the US Army to ""Pack everything in a car and leave,"" further driving the point that teenagers make poor decisions.The truly hilarious thing about this game is that it is basically a game where you play 1% of a ful game that has an actual story.  Normally this is fine with some indie games because they are so cheap and made by a small crew. This is a problem because the game is 20 bucks. Dumb. You are essentially focusing on tiny details for the duration of the game to tell a small portion of a boring story. Does that make sense? Exactly.What was I thinking: When I first started the game I was thinking ""Ok, cool so this is going to be really ground-breaking. Everyone, especially those that made it, have communicated that this game is truly something DIFFERENT."" So I am playing the game and I start thinking, ""Alright, this is pretty cut and dry. This story is predictable so far. OK I am pretty sure I know how this is going to end. Has it been 20 minutes yet?"" 40 minutes into the game I start to realize, ""OK I surely know how this is going to end. I guess I'll just finish it."" I then finished it for the same reason I would eat the last piece of my toast that I don't actually want or need.The only real review for this game should be in dogge form:SO BRAVE.YOU GO GIRL."
,Not Recommended,232430,7797890,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,The Wuggly Ump,"This isn't a bad game exactly, but the narrative is painfully heavy-handed; the story's spoon-fed to you by unnecessary narration instead of coming naturally through exploration. If you do pick this up, turn off the narration in the options menu and you'll enjoy it more.Great music though."
,Recommended,232430,21171469,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,taytaybee,This is and probably will be the most beautiful and meaningful game I've ever played.  I'm currently crying and it was absolutely amazing. I've never played a game like it before
,Recommended,232430,21154338,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Neo,"Don't approach this game with the mindset that you want to ""beat"" it. It's more like a freeflowing novel that should be experienced. Take it at your own pace. Don't rush it. It's not about getting to the end, it's about taking it all in. So don't even bother playing if you've got company over. This is a very mood oriented game. Best played alone, on a dark quiet night."
76561198055756982,Not Recommended,232430,8022071,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,The Captain,"I'll be blunt about this, I got pulled in by all the things I had heard about this game and gave it a try.I ""finished"" the game in about 70 minutes without rushing and looking at and reading most of the things, for 18 Euros it's simply alot of money for not alot of content. The story didn't really blow my mind, I was expecting something ... more?Summary 4/10This is probably hand over fist the most I have ever paid for a game purley from a money:hour ratio and while it was interesting as I have never played a game like it, it's a 10 minute story dragged out to an hour via the medium of a video game and damn expensive for what your getting."
,Not Recommended,232430,19862587,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Callistah,"SO MANY OPPORTUNITES NOT TAKEN! I felt as if this game was going to take a horror spin at any moment which kept me on edge but it never happened! All this game contains is a whiny 17 year old teenager trying to discover herself while making horrible life decisions and a mother who instead of being a proper role model is ready to jump into the arms of her younger (probably way more attractive, I mean come on Janice) employee instead of work on her marital problems. 0/10."
,Not Recommended,232430,20198500,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Sal524,poo
76561197969575485,Not Recommended,232430,20501337,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,SLACK.PIT,"More overrated then HALO...2 hours tops with no real ending. If you want to have a real 9.5 walking sim exprience buy ""The Stanly Parable"" or ""Dear Esther"""
76561198105923977,Not Recommended,232430,8816239,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,TheDozer,THIS IS LES BOS
,Recommended,232430,7801138,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,roboczar,"Wonderful story; this is NOT a game. It's an interactive story and an excellent one at that. The pacing is perfect and it has just enough tension to keep pushing you forward along the narrative. The choices in music (delivered by casette tapes found around the house) is really unique and made me nostalgic for bands like Bikini Kill and X-Ray Spex. I used to know kids like this when I was in high school, and it brought back a lot of happy memories.Highly recommended at a sale price point. Not sure if it's worth the full price tag, but you pay almost as much to sit on your♥♥♥♥♥to watch a movie, right?"
,Not Recommended,232430,8568771,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Tales From The Dark Side,"Biggest let down of any game i have ever played on steam so far, what you think your getting is a creepy ghost story, WRONG!It's nothing more than a lesbian coming out to her sister and family story, no ghost or creepy demonic creatures, just a total bait and switch which i think the developers are responsible forand should be grounds to be sued.Not that i have anything against gays, it's something i can't relate to and i just feel i was mislead with it. The game company has friends like Zoe Quinn and Nina Freeman who works for them that are extremist feminist that don't really help womens causes.The game is made by unexperienced devs and there is a major flaw in the game, get this, YOU CAN BEAT THIS GAME IN 1 MIN! not kidding and the devs never fixed this issue, that's sad.They missed a great opportunity with this type of game style, it could have had a cool vibe with a story of mystery but no and that's really a pitty."
,Not Recommended,232430,21813699,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Mean Mr. Mustard,"Mean Mr. Mustard's short Gone Home review1) Essential - buy it NOW2) Recommended - buy it on sale3) AvoidTime to complete – 2 hoursPlayed multiplayer? N/AWorth revisiting? No, very little to see and no reason to replay once you've seen itBest part – If you remember the 90's, the nostalgia is realWorst part – Boringgameplay, the epitomy of a ""walking-simulator"""
76561198045532450,Not Recommended,232430,25622887,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Pomchesca,"I finished the game in 1.5 hours, kinda regretting paying full price for it. Decent story, but definitely get it on sale"
76561197970472986,Not Recommended,232430,10455737,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Brownnote,"I paid a little over $6 USD for this game it it was too much.  I knew what it was going into it, so it wasn't a content or gameplay issue.  It was a lack of content issue.  It's way too short.  I read everything and picked up everything and total gameplay was about two hours.I also got to the end before I explored everything which annoyed me.  I had to go back after the credits to explore some rooms with possible clues in them.  The effect these clues were to have on me were ruined because I already knew how it ended.  It's like reading the last chapter of a book before you sequentially get there which ruins the story.This game is too short for the $20 non-sale price.  The end is easily achievable before all clues are found leading to spoiled clues if you go back and find them.  How this was a ""Game of the Year"" I will never understand.  Don't buy it unless it's only a couple of dollars."
76561198046112948,Recommended,232430,10818224,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,lemon butter,"this is not a horror or action kind of story. its a really good story exploration game where you come home to an empty house you've never been in, and you explore the rooms to find out where everyone is and what exactly happened. after awhile of some really nice messages read in your sister's voice, you begin to see what happened and you discover that this is actually a love story. unfortunately this was sort of marketed as a horror game so its understandable that people were disappointed. however, there are the people who are yodeling about how it's 'not a game' and it's just getting gay stuff shoved down your throat and they are so wrong it hurts me.i was pleasantly surprised by what the game held and i played it, then had my sister play it on my computer, and then she replayed it to get everything she missed. its a calm, interesting experience and i highly recommend it if you like these kinds of story exploration games.most people were upset with the price tag because its twenty dollars for a game you can beat in less than two hours. i agree that maybe it was a bit overpriced, but i'd gotten it when it was on sale for five, which was good enough for me. right now its like three dollars and if you dont have it, you really should get it."
,Not Recommended,232430,10458643,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,AlextheCatte,"It's-It's, just too short!I paid $6.79 for this game, though I feel like I paid a bit too much. The fact that this is considered a game makes me laugh.The story was good, the ending was sweet, but there really isn't much 'gameplay'.. I felt like I was listening to an interactive audiobook the whole time I was playing this game.How did this get game of the year, when there are so many more games that are better than this."
76561198023498510,Not Recommended,232430,10457058,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Elise_Mc,"Okay, I knew that this game was NOT a horror, like many of those interested in it have been led to believe. I did however think that it was the type of first person where you do a lot of finding/searching and solving puzzles, and i thought it might have a little action thrown in there for fun. NOPE. This is not even what i would consider.. a game. Without posting too many spoilers, you basically walk around and read things. And yeah, I get it.. I get that it is extremely compelling in its story telling abilities, you DO get drawn in this story that youre discovering, and you begin to feel for this character that youre learning about that youve literally never even seen (which if you think about that, its very powerful) However, I need to classify something as not only story-driven and thought provoking, but entertaining and interactive (at the very least) to be considered a GAME. It does what it does very well.. tells a story, but it stops there. This was not really fun to play, not exciting, just so flat. It was also extremely short, which in my opinion, if I was forced to play this extremely boring ""game"", and it happened to be a bit longer, with a different ending, it COULD be good. But alas.. no go. Therefore I cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,232430,5254028,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,BrycexHvze,Complete waste of my time and money. Purchase at own risk.
,Not Recommended,232430,10455644,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Haunted,"My first review of Gone Home was entirely positive. I supposed I focused mostly on the parents and the challenges they faced. It was a pleasant break from stealth-based horror titles and combat-centric games--a mundane mystery: where is everyone and why is the house empty?  Everything changed on my second playthrough scouring the house for every possible bit of information and with commentary enabled.  I started to see the cracks and little things that previously amused now annoy and/or disappoint.I'd like to be clear on a few points before we begin again:  I've no problems with games that have zero combat, minimal gameplay, simple stories, independent-tier graphics,Spoilers Ahead.  I mean it, the first point gives away the ending...Let's jump into this headfirst:Gone Home's central plot involves Kaitlin Greenbriar (the player) arriving at the family's new home (inheritted by her father, Terrance, from his Uncle Oscar) only to find that everyone's missing.  Samantha Greenbriar (the sister) provides occasional voice-overs as the player explores the house and discovers (through her sister's diary) that Samantha left with her lover, Lonnie, after their (Sam & Kate's) parents previously left on an anniversary vacation.The complications that created this situation:1 - Samantha becomes friends with Lonnie during their high school years and soon falls for her.  With biases towards sexual preferences being what they were in the 1990s, the pair face difficulty at school and further problems arise.  Samantha and Lonnie's relationship is conducted secretly until a forced exposure (truancy, low grades) to her parents.  They give Samantha the ""just a phase"" speech before placing her on restriction.2 - Lonnie Desoto comes from a military family, so naturally she prepares for a career in military service.  This places a wedge between her and Samantha as any thoughts to the future are accompanied with healthy amounts of doubt.3 - Terrence Greenbriar (the father) found success as a writer, but was dropped by his publisher after the second novel bombed.  After finding some unusual letters, I took a closer look at Oscar Masan (Terrence's uncle) and the suspicions began to pile up.  Oscar sexually abused Terrence.  This has been confirmed--long before I stumbled onto it--on the developer's Twitter profile.  Terrence's novels are attempts to find closure, but are also forcing him to relive the abuse (likely much worse in memory) and sleeping in the house where the assaults took place certainly isn't helping.4 - Meanwhile, Janice Greenbriar (the mother) has been growing more and more distant from Terrence and closer to her coworker, Richard Something.Everything comes to a head when the parents leave on their vacation; whether Terrence has told Janice about his past abuse or if Richard's sudden engagement and marriage invitation forced her to remember her husband remains to be seen.  In their absence, Samantha has an opportunity to spend one more night with Lonnie before she ships out.  The night passes and Samantha wakes up alone.  Later she realizes Lonnie left her several messages indicating that she's changed her plans to enlist (...in spite of having a ship date?  That's desertion, madam.) and wants to spend her life with Samantha.So that's the story, why has my recommendation changed?I was unaware of Terrence's abuse during my first playthrough.  I was convinced that Janice had given up her affair with Richard in order to rekindle her marriage.  Now it seems that the only options for them are Janice helping Terrence find closure or Janice adjusting to rejection and mending any bridges burned with her spouse.  The story's become darker with every subsequent look.  Oh, well sideplots shouldn't affect the overall impression, right?  Sure, keep telling yourself that.Present for some of the commentary was Corin Tucker...yeah, don't worry I didn't know who she was either.  Apparently, getting involved with feminism sells albums when the musician lacks the ability necessary.  Don't get me wrong:  the score was fine, but the insert tracks were devoid of melody or meaning.  Corin Tucker's contribution to the commentary is largely self-promotion and the fiction that feminism is about equality foreveryone.Not once during the commentary did anyone mention the parents.  Their story was what drew me in the most, but it seems those two characters are simply window dressing.  The backstory of Terrence and Oscar should have been at least mentioned  in the commentary.  Either the developers sold out during the game's promotion or they were dishonest from the start.I haven't enjoyed writing this re-review.  It's been phenomenally disappointing to realize this game is not a positive message to everyone seeking love.  Would reactions to this game be the same if it were teenage boys instead of the two girls?  I doubt it.  Honest representations of alternative relationships are hard enough to find in games without added political propaganda.  I'll end this here while I still remember the good thingsGone Homehad to offer.The Good:- an honest portrayal of an alternative relationship without unnecessary melodrama- mystery elements without stealth sequences- solid minimal score- excellent atmosphereThe Bad:- annoying choices for insert music, but at least they're optional- overpriced for the length of the game- limited graphics options and some performance issuesThe Ugly:- deliberate propaganda at times- restricts user access (One journal entry written by Samantha describes some very tame intimate contact between her and Lonnie and Kaitlin forces the player to drop the letter and refuses to pick it up again.  The developer points this out as if it were something to be proud of and not heavy-handed at all.  It implies female-female sexuality is in some way sacred compared to other relationships.)- crashes on ending credits if the player attempts to skip"
,Not Recommended,232430,11496106,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,A§H»rUnRiÕt,"I didn't like it. Short story, not much to find. Lasted me a good two hours."
76561198047299247,Not Recommended,232430,12124184,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,a.j.gamefreak,"For me personally, I had high hopes, but was disappointed.But lets get the good points; the sound track and the story of the younger sister. That's it. The graphics are okay, but nothing grand.Now the rest; IT'S BORING!! Really, really, boring! There no other characters in the story so it feels empty, you can't really collect most the stuff even though you can pick it up or really do anything, so you'll just be throwing it like a spaz. For the most part you're just wandering around grabbing random stuff hoping to hear a voice. You don't even get a flashback or anything; just a voice. The atmosphere tries to trick you into thinking there's more going on, but after an hour of nothing it fades off.Others seem to like but for me, it's not worth more than five dollars. If you want the best of the game, go to Youtube and find the soundtrack and a collaboration of the sister's tale; you'll get all the enjoyment without the useless wanders.But again, it's just my opinion. At the very least, wait till it drops to five bucks. (Maybe less)"
76561198046936632,Not Recommended,232430,12218532,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Spökplumpen,Worst game ive ever played. ♥♥♥♥ this game.
76561197987489601,Not Recommended,232430,12193017,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,l.castro,Really not an enjoyable game.  Too linear and predictable.  Got through it in no time.  The only delay from reaching the inevitable is walking around the very limited house.
,Not Recommended,232430,11510253,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,zerobassgrit,"This is an okay ""game"" but it's not really a game it's more of an interactive book then anything. This is not for everyone and it's hard to recommend unless you're in the mood for something very diffrent. Overall i would give it a 5/10 not worth full price but get it on sale if you can."
,Not Recommended,232430,13302369,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Untide,What I wanted was a fun mystery game. What I got was a game with the most lackluster endings...
,Recommended,232430,30338074,Posted: 5 March,all,jonny_valentine5sl,"Quite an emotional story, feel that it could have been fleshed out further. Would recommend for a sale purchase. Over too quickly."
76561198046963680,Recommended,232430,31032740,Posted: 8 April,all,BeeFranklin,"One of the most intriguing and emotional ""walking simulators"" I've ever played. The setting really feels like the mid-90's and the house gives this great feeling of unease. I don't think I've been more emotionally invested in another game."
,Recommended,232430,25675981,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,mercy,"I'm not gonna lie: I cried like a baby over this game, which was odd to me, because it's really just exploring a house and unraveling a kinda-linear story of the family living there. The music and overall atmosphere are both really good. You find yourself wandering around this  empty house, and it really does a good job of making you feel alone and kind of voyeuristic. You try to figure out what happened to a family in the time the eldest sister has been away. It's a fairly simple concept done really well, and I'd highly recommend playing through this."
,Not Recommended,232430,7534113,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,McVee,I'm usually all for these types of games. I quite enjoyed Dear Esther but this was just dull. No matter how much i tried i really couldn't care about the dribble she had to tell me about. And being that that's the only thing it has to offer I'd expect better. I would recommend avoiding this one.
,Not Recommended,232430,8123602,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Ledbetterpedia,Pretentious hipster trash.
76561198066113594,Not Recommended,232430,8420800,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,BusinessCat,"I really liked this game but i wouldn't recommend it. The story is great and unfolds slowly. Although sometimes it looks scary or there are scary-ish elements, it's not. It's exploration and minor easy puzzles (figure out lock combinations) and that's pretty much it. For me, spending money on this was like spending money to go watch a movie at a theater; I was entertained for a few hours. If you're looking for replay factory and imporving your skills or character and general heart-racing excitment, this is not for you. If you want to take part of a sort of interactive story book, stop by. This made me laugh a little and yell out at my roommates a little bit of the drama as it unfolded but I realize that it's not everyone's cup of tea. Probably not most people's cup of tea actually.Great game. Not for most people."
,Not Recommended,232430,8157700,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,WLTP,"I really liked this game at first. I LOVED it at first. But, now, I don't think I do anymore. It had a pretty compelling story when I first started. BUT, I actually thought this was a horror game when I started. Then, I found out it's a love story and I was still onboard for it but after I found this out the whole story was predictable. You knew everything that was gonna happen. Also, it's really short. I have beaten the game 3 times to find all the creepy aspects of it and only have 3.4 hours. So, there isn't much gameplay here; in a length sense and game play. The game play is just you walking around the house trying to find out where your sister is. Okay, good enough. But, you find out in the first 5-10 minutes where your sister is. It is way to predictible. I really wanted to recommend this game but...it's just too predictible and there isn't much here. I can't wait to see what else comes from this company but their first game just didn't do it for me."
,Not Recommended,232430,8712143,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Gaming Merc,"After seeing things about this game everywhere, and hearing about it receiving grand reviews, I gave it a try. I fail to see why this game is getting such good reviews. I knew what to expect going in as far as what I was going to be doing, but for those of you who don't, this is not a horror or action game. It's barely even a ""game"". This is a story driven experience, but even the story is weak and short.The story unfolds as you go around your house reading your sisters borderline poetic journal entrees.Interactions with objects really aren't anything special. The one good thing was the ambience. The lighting was good and the storm outside was soothing.What I hear a lot about this was the nastalgia effect for the '90s kids, yeah not really. ""Ooh, it's a VHS player. Wait, look it's nintendo 64 cartridges."" It's not enough to justify the money you drop on this game. I'd rather dig out my Sega Genesis from the closet and I'd have better time reliving memories and would have saved some money."
76561198025453465,Not Recommended,232430,8367666,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Duo Dash,"It's a decent game with a pretty good story, but don't get it looking for puzzles or any kind of a challenge. It pretty much holds your hand through the entire thing, and it's over in a few hours."
76561197997678124,Not Recommended,232430,10974865,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,fragkitten,"I wish there was a sideways thumb for this title. I am a lover of spooky horror games and I feel like this had potential but managed to miss the mark for me a bit. While I thought the journal entries with the LGBT theme were a very sweet and endearing part of the story, I felt like it detracted from the spookiness a lot. It ended up sounding less like a scary story and more like an oppressed teen running away with her girlfriend. Made me wonder what the point of the whole thing was.The atmosphere was decent as far as 'horror' games go. In the end, I had a hard time figuring out what the big mystery was. Exploration was fun at first but then quickly became sort of tedious as I meticulously gone through every room and encountered a locked door that I couldn't open. After searching the entire house without finding a way to progress, I decided I didn't want to spend any more time on this title.I really don't like when games are arbitrarily long with no substantial filling. You can't just hide a key in a giant house where nothing is happening except the sound of thunder. Even all the lights work properly, so you don't have to be scared in the dark. There are seemingly useful bits of information everywhere but half of them are useless filler.  They didn't explain anything or help me figure out how to progress in the story. Most of it was random drivel.So if this game is supposed to be scary, FAIL! If the game is supposed to be a new exploration/mystery type genre, not so fail, but deff not for me."
,Not Recommended,232430,9327798,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Earthquake God Lizard,"In short, this game reinvents story telling, but the story it's trying to tell is not worth twenty dollars."
76561197980850102,Not Recommended,232430,8469403,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Leprechaun,An anti-climactic adventure game who’s after school special story untimely kills it. Which is sad because this game had so much going for it.
,Not Recommended,232430,11865031,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,vinny carwash,"Probably not one of my better buys.However, if you like lesbians and picking up random toiletries, this is the game for you."
76561197990237926,Not Recommended,232430,12040489,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,runningtargetzombiebait,"Overpriced, overhyped, and over quickly (under 2 hrs doing everything. And ""doing"" is used loosely as you only read and unlock doors). If you want an interactive story, go with Tell Tale Games' The Walking Dead or The Wolf Amongst Us."
,Not Recommended,232430,11769479,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Jenkins,"As far as a nice looking game, you can take your chances with it and be satisfied with that. But if you are looking for a game that is going to leave you disappointed at the end, this is your game. It has zero replay value and will satisfy you just as much as watching Terminator 2. You liked it to the extent of not wanting to waste your time playing it again."
76561197964342115,Not Recommended,232430,12104422,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Lost In The Sauce,"Possibly one of the worst games I've ever wasted $20 on. I get the whole #edgy game that's not really a game thing.I'll keep it short. They used all of the stock shaders and effects built into Unity3D wrote a story that was maybe worth being part of a collection of short stories or read at a literary variety show. Game was weak, effort was weak, blows my mind they have the audacity to charge $20.Source: My eyes as a game developer."
,Not Recommended,232430,11870079,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Frax,"I liked the graphics and exploration mechanism, but I disliked everything else.This game is nothing when it could have been everything!I cannot recommend this game to anyone... sorry.This game serves one good purpose though: It proves that adventure/puzzle/hidden objects games should try this mechanism instead of the traditional point-and-click gameplay. I imagine if this was an adventure game with mystery solving and some horror elements, it would be amazing!"
,Not Recommended,232430,11917691,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,kuroneko,"-- 5/10, mostly because of price.- Contains one tiny spoiler.If you heard that Gone Home is severely overpriced and overrated and you're still thinking about buying a copy, whoever told you that is right and deserves a gold star. ('You Tried')Gone Home is a game that you will finish in roughly two hours, even if you backtrack and look at absolutely everything as I did, listen to everything, and pay close attention to every detail. For the time that you play it, if you enjoy a good storyline, you will enjoy Gone Home.However.Gone Home is not worth $20. Luckily, I bought it when it was on sale for $5.It is a 'love story' that ends too quickly and is not ended well. However, the experience building up to the ending is worthwhile and if you have a heart, you'll likely become at least a little bit attached to the main character. (No, not the character you're playing of course! Rather, her teenaged sister who is having one too many problems.)The ending was not what I expected and to be honest, I believe my expectation would have suited the game more! (If you played it, I think we all expected the same thing in the attic.)To sum it up, Gone Home is a short fairly enjoyable experience but along with that, it is also overpriced and in my honest opinion, not immersive enough to play through a second time unless you missed the *SPOILER* sex note *SPOILER* like I did the first go around."
,Not Recommended,232430,12038452,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,J++,"I feel bad giving this game a ""Not Recommended"". Maybe this isn't the game for me. I can appreciate the attention to detail and the atmospheric conditions, and what the game is trying to represent and convey, but the experience was disappointing to me - I felt no real connection with the story, it came across a little 'rich kids problems' given the setting of the house, this seems trivial but when you are being immersed into an environment, you can't help but notice the pure scale of the house and how it relates to how the main character of the journal lives and feels.I was disappointed there was no real character development of Katie at all really - a few scraps here and there, but never beyond surface level, and even for Sam I just couldn't make that progression in creating an emotional bond with this character (and trust me, it is by no means that I am ignorant to the situation she is in, as I have parallels in my own life I can draw from). Why was there such a build up to an occult/horror undertone and then to drop it completely? The initial feeling of tenseness soon dropped to 'is it over yet?'It didn't help that the game feels poorly optimised, and it was rare that the game played entirely smoothly.There are many interactive story titles breaking the mould in terms of storytelling and immersion - I just felt this didn't quite hit the mark. I would have been shocked to buy this for €20 though - there are books with far more depth in storytelling for half that price, and that's the only thing I can compare this to - an interactive book that has good intentions, and flickers of somthing great, but fails to really capture my heart and mind."
,Not Recommended,232430,12137822,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Jero,"Gone Home is a first-person walking simulator from the same team that brought you the Minerva's Den DLC for Bioshock 2. You play as a girl who just got back from Europe. She enters her parents house at the dead of night only to find it completely abandoned. The only clue of your family's whereabouts is a note on the door from your sister asking you not to look for her.First off, let's get the positives out of the way. The house looks pretty good. There's tons of clues, little notes to read, objects to interact with etc.It looks very believable, almost as if people actually live there unlike most video game mansions you find. I almost felt nostalgic while exploring it. It reminded me of the times when you were kid home alone at night and you were so scared of your own house, then you turn on the lights and wonder why you were even afraid to begin with. It's very silly to think about, but that's what I thought about the first few minutes of the game. There's plenty to just mess around like inserting casette tapes in a radio. So much to discover in your first playthrough. In fact, this sole element was what made me really get into the game for a while. There's a lot to discover about the family which sadly takes the backseat from the main plot. It's almost a flaw seeing better plot points being almost completely dismissed in favor for an average love story that really has nothing interesting about it.Unfortunately, those are the only aspects I can give this game credit for. Gone Home has very little gameplay to it. You need find three specific codes which is pretty much the only thing you need to make progress. Alternatively, you can skip it and beat the game in 47 seconds.  I even find it hard to classify this as a point and click as even though it somewhat resembles the genre, it doesn't involve the brainteasers and puzzles its known for. There's no depth to be found here. If you know what you're doing and with the right settings, you can easily beat the game in seconds. It's not that I have anything against the so-called ""walking simulator"" type of games as I love The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, but even then Gone Home just feels empty and shallow. I understand that the game wants to tell a story. Fair enough, but if there's nothing interesting going on and I discover everything that needs to be discovered on my first playthrough then what's the point? The note on the door you find within seconds of starting up the game has all the answers you really need. A normal playthrough will only take you one hour. It's almost insultingly short compared to any other visual novel or walking simulator I've ever played.So if there's no real gameplay, Gone Home needs to fall back on its story. That aspect is obviously the focus so I'll cut it some slack and say that if the story was good, this game would have gotten a pass. The way it depicts said story is awful though. Once again, I have to remind you that it's a mystery game with no mystery. You find out through voice recordings which is basically an excuse to have the game take place in 90's so the whole thing can be narrated that your sister is in love with another woman. First off, this begs the question, why couldn't this narrative be told through environmental storytelling? That's what the game seems to be designed for and the development team even succeeded in certain area's with their previous project on Bioshock. It would certainly make me think more highly of this game, but that's not how it's done and as a result, it feels more like an audiobook than anything else. The story itself isn't anything to write home about either. Some argue how earthshattering it is to feature a lovestory between two women and how it breaks norms, barriers or something. While it's true that this is mostly uncharted territories for video games (not that lesbians are never depicted in video games), there are millions of books and made for TV movies structured exactly the same way. Replace a few names here and there and you've got Gone Home Part Deux. There's nothing new here at all. Not to mention that the characters are so bland that they might as well have been anything else. They could have been a straight couple in a different decade and the story honestly wouldn't have made a difference. At first, I thought the timeperiod was going to be used to show how homosexuals were treated back then, but it does not take that direction. The prejudice from the parents isn't serious enough  to make me feel anything about these characters which creates a second problem. Their romance is so perfect and happy that you have to wonder what the conflict was supposed to be or why they even bothered telling this story, because as it is, it did nothing for me and considering how it doesn't tackle a lot of problems LGBT-people deal with on a daily basis like prejudice or maybe show us flashes from how much worse it was back then from a historical point of view, it probably won't do a lot for them either.If the developers didn't think that Gone Home was worth the 20 dollars asking price and it was free to play, then I would just deem the game a failure and move on, but this is not the case. They certainly must have thought highly about this game when I can find books or even films for less than half the price with the exact same story. Did I mention it took me one hour to beat this game? That's why I advise you not to buy it. Please understand this. I'm not complaining that it is not a ""real video game"". Some of my favorite games are essentially visual novels though admitedly still more of a reliance on knowledge and skill. I'm also not saying that it is bad to have women and/or LGBT-characters as your main characters in games nor am I saying that it has to feature combat or something, but this is not the way to do it. Writers take note: when you write a character who is homosexual, don't make that their only personality trait as if that even counts for a personality trait. Most people are you know, people with a developed character. There are much better story driven games on many platforms including Steam."
,Not Recommended,232430,8431982,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,reptiloro👌👌,"I bought this game after hearing it was an amazing story (best game of the year awards), But my thoughts on the game are this:- The story is interesting and well written, but short. Very short, less than 2 hours!- The gameplay(if you can really call it a game) is okay for this type of game.- The price: Normally €18.99 is outrageous for less than two hours of gameplay with no replayability. I got it during a sale for €6,45 and I feel ripped of. Maybe €1,99 would be acceptable.I am not gonna go into the story because I don't want to spoil anything.Conclusion: Don't buy this game, it is short, expensive and the story is mediocre."
76561198005393673,Not Recommended,232430,8387892,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Illusive Madden,Muh patriarchies.
,Recommended,232430,9225659,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,[GWJ] WolfenVic,"Gone Home is a brilliant game delving into the natural story telling of just being left to your own devices in an empty house. While I could speak all about the incredible, heart touch, story and absolutely speak to how it has touched my own life experiences, I can't help but also speak to the amazing detail that went into all the other stories other than the main one focused on your sister. The mother and father both have intricate stories that are just as amazing and as detailed.Other than that the gameplay it more of that of the point and click type but in a FPS control scheme. It's not for everyone and if you aren't the type of person who is naturally curious then I highly doubt this gameplay will keep you intrigued or wanting to play. If you are then this game is going to feel like a drug to your senses and will reward you for taking that extra second to look in corners.Overall I'd recommend this game to those whom would find exploring an old house filled with stories fun, and to those whom would like a deep story."
,Not Recommended,232430,24984204,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,damn_vegetables,"Short.The story is unimpressive and overly predictable.Zero replay value (outside of speedrun challenges, if you're into that... I'm not)On the plus side the sound and set design is impressive."
76561197985409550,Not Recommended,232430,16772769,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,bgrunge,"Far, far, too short, and the big reveal is obvious a mile away. The atmosphere and setting is really cool though, I wish they'd have used it to tell a better story. Not worth your money or time, unless you really are just nostalgic for the early 90's northwest."
,Not Recommended,232430,16804176,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Duckmaster,"I see what it was trying to go for, but it's not really a game as much as a walking and observation simulator.  I enjoy storytelling as much as the next person in gaming, but a game without challenge or goal isn't a game at all, it's closer to a film."
,Not Recommended,232430,16768506,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Mooghin,Take away the lesbian couple and its just a bland game. So much is hyped up with very little payoff.
76561198031855834,Not Recommended,232430,16770644,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,S+P Infinity,"*Just fair warning this does contain a bit of a spoiler*Not a fan there was basically nothing to the story. You just find out about a ""lesbian romance"" thats just about it. There is some other stuff but for the most part it doesn't play a big role (not the main focal point) in the game overall. So in conclusion I wish I didn't buy it, it was a waste of money (even though it was onsale for 2 bucks) and a waste of a little over an hour."
,Not Recommended,232430,19856593,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,EroticPotato,The first half of this game wrapped me up in the story and unsettling creepy atmosphere. The more you learn the more disappointing and generic the story becomes. I got this game on sale and would still not recommend it.3/10
76561198034166062,Recommended,232430,34151729,Posted: 10 August,all,marja.kaitaniemi,Pretty nice but lacks depth. Really short.
76561198313715664,Recommended,232430,25356151,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,6ix,"Gone Home is an atmospheric exploration game that provides the player with a immersive enviorment and compelling story from start to finish. The relatively high price however, is somewhat off putting and forces me to not recommend a buy at full price and instead only durring a sale."
76561198105238328,Not Recommended,232430,23921669,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,mimalvox,Exceptional waste of time unless you like lesbian love stories and no actual weird mystery nor puzzle to figure out...Horrid
76561197972363913,Not Recommended,232430,16772938,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Dog,"What is this hipster ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t?I wanted a game, not a pretentious, drawn out story about a two-dimensional character who I don't care about.The idea of exploring a house and examining intricate details is cool, but the execution was extremely poor.Maybe I just don't get it, but I'd rather be playing a video game instead."
,Not Recommended,232430,16782486,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Flower_Child[AUT],"If you buy it, you kill the games industry"
76561198088822167,Not Recommended,232430,31401618,Posted: 27 April,all,ylyon84,Waaaay too short....
,Not Recommended,232430,8074926,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Werupenstein,"I bought and played this because of the hype, it's a bit of a letdown, story was personal but fairly weak, it's short, discovering the story wasn't very interesting, just pick up everything you see, and holy man what are you doing leaving some of this stuff just lying around...Didn't really evoke the 90's in the way I had hoped."
,Not Recommended,232430,8465515,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,JudgmentJay,"This is the worst ""game"" I have ever played. I bought into the hype and purchased Gone Home a day or two after release. Late-night Lifetime Network-tier story, Bad graphics, bad aesthetic, boring environment, poor sound quality, 90 minutes long, and $20. This is the first time I have ever had buyer's remorse toward a game. The meta score shows just how out of touch journalists are with what a majority of gamers want out of a video game."
,Not Recommended,232430,8482473,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,truegrit2288,"The only thing worse than a bad game, is a bad game that could have been great. Its a sad thing when a game that relies on a storyline becomes a predictable cliche. A dissapointing corny regurgatation of the same crap, childish empty and stupid. The worse part is that the game is well-made, attention is paid to detail and everything is right except the story. Like a delicious meal that gives you food poisoning and after a weekend of sickness you forget how delicious it was when you ate it. Sorry."
,Not Recommended,232430,8599573,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,beepee,"TL;dr: this isn't a survival/horror. It's a commentary on social issues that happens to be in a spooky house.I really liked this game in the beginning. The house, the environment feels rich and authentic. It, simply put, was spooky in a way I hadn't experienced since playing the 7th Guest. Which is awesome. The detail of the items, the feel of the home as a 'freshly moved in' place is extraordinarily well done. Everything is believable and thought out. Little details everywhere reinforce the multiple characters and stories in Gone Home. For the small team that put this together, they should be proud of their work; it is an excellent environment for exploration.As for the story and the game itself.. well... as the game progressed, and the ""plot"" played out, the whole experience.. thinned out. Suddenly I wasn't alone in a spooky house, I was alone being fed snippets of a story that did not relate directly to me, as a player.Towards the end, it slowly dawned on me that this was not a survival/horror (which, to be fair, I supposed it is not marketed as?) It felt like I started off in a genuinely spooky movie, but ended up in a Lifetime Original. It just felt like I had come in expecting one thing, and about three quarters the way through I realized that the spookiness and eerieness of the game were just incidental. Which totally sapped the suspense out of the rest of the game.That said, I have nothing against the main story (or message, if you will) of this game. I think it addresses important issues, and is genuine and feels real. But in the context of this game, it just feels out of place. Maybe I've played too many games and feel entitled to a certian consistency in gameplay? It is, after all, the developer's right to take a game in any direction they like.I feel like the dev team started with a great idea, wasn't sure how to wrap it all together, and chose to make a social statement rather than continue to work in the direction they started in. But, that's MY feelings, and MY opinion.I would recommend this game if it was marketed differently, but as it is, gives off the vibe of a survival/horror, but turns out to be something else entirely.--bp"
76561198036063821,Not Recommended,232430,8601511,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,D2Legend,"This is more of an interactive story.  It kept me interested, thinking the whole time there was something supernatural and creepy going on, but in the end it was nothing.  Very sad that I wasted that much time on it.  It could have really went somewhere but they decided to take it to a really boring direction.  I completed the game and am very disappointed.  Don't waste your time or money, you've been warned."
76561197996924964,Not Recommended,232430,8436373,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Shogun Dynamite,"Having a hard time recommending this one.  If you really want something different and quick (1.5 hrs) then this is for you, but if you want something thats more of a traditional game then this ain't gonna cut it.They advertise the game as being a story exploration video game and thats exactly what it is.  You come home from a long trip and you walk around the house finding clues to your family's whereabouts.  You move room to room finding notes and getting a feel for what this family is like until you reach the end of the story. There are no puzzles to solve so the story kind of just tells itself as you enter each area of the house and the story is as simple as the gameplay.The game of the year awards aren't too surprising because the game should be recognized but don't expect anythng stellar.  Although I haven't played The Stanley Parable, based on the demo, I'd recommend that over Gone Home if you want a more entertaining story exploration experience."
76561198013524937,Not Recommended,232430,8442674,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,David Blast,"Too linear, too short. Go to a room, turn on lights, read letter, put tape in stereo, next room - repeat."
76561197980742914,Not Recommended,232430,8498522,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,L.,"This game is linear, dull, anticlimactic, melodramatic, boring and short.A relentless, atmosphere-free, linear slog through repetive opening of drawers with terrible pacing.0/10"
,Not Recommended,232430,8600742,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,maskedquerade,"It is atmospheric and an interesting story, but a lot of the atmosphere relies on a sense of nostalgia for a time that I just don't have.  It wasn't for me, but it might be for you."
76561198065092374,Not Recommended,232430,8064662,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,ElohimMeth,JOGO LIXXXXOOOOOOOO
,Not Recommended,232430,8385165,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,xScarlett,"Awful. It was not worth the price. The story itself is nice, I don't want to spoil it, but it's very basic and simple.You walk around the house and find out about the family, especially the sister, I thought you'd find out more about the ghost or whatever.. but no.. all the sudden it ends and it's so... stupid! Not worth the money."
76561198096729843,Not Recommended,232430,8685460,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,IdoruIx,"After some great reviews from some sources I trust, I decided to jump off the fence and play Gone Home. However, in the end I use the word ""play"" more in the sense of ""I played a DVD"" rather than ""I played a game"".I did enjoy the journey that this game offers, but the whole experience left me wanting. The story wasn't enough to make up for the lack of meaningful interaction, and the ""gameplay"" was non-existent. As far as I can tell, nobody has spent more than 3 hours in this game, and there is no replay value at all.Some would argue that approaching this as a game is a mistake, but no matter how I view it I just feel ripped-off. As a story, I deduced the plot from the trailer; as a game...well...there isn't one.My disappointment can be summarized by one moment (hopefully spoiler free):In your sisters room is a locker with a 4-digit code. So I searched her room for clues to what it might be: Kurt Cobain's birthday and death day, the serial number from a motorbike, and similar 4 digit combinations. I later found that the code was written on a bit of paper split in two and left in random locations. It was at this point I realized no brain-work was required for this game. It's just follow the crumbs until the end.On a technical level, the physics is totally bonkers, which really detracts from the immersion. Pillows act like they are made from dense rubber. And there is a massive problem with the junk-to-clue ratio...by the end of the game I was actively trying to break plates in the kitchen, just to give the interaction some kind of purpose, but they just give a dull bounce as if made from the same dense rubber as everything else.Essentially this game is an interesting exploration of the medium, and some people love it, but for me it simply isn't worth the money. Exploration isn't enjoyable, and the plot is too short and predictable. It is worth playing, but not worth buying."
,Not Recommended,232430,10330138,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,248SpaceBucks,"The concept and the rave reviews convinced me to pick this up on a slight deal. Can't say I had a bad time playing it but I have no idea what all the commotion was about. Whatever kind of profound moments I was supposed to have digging through drawers for notes, it just didn't hit me. Oh, my family did stuff while I was away and they left a pile of detailed communications regarding their secret lives all around the house because that's exactly what people who have secrets do. Eh.  $5 game at most."
,Not Recommended,232430,8375507,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,LaFoRiK,"THIS IS NOT A GAME!Meaning that your actions won't affect the final result. This is just story telling.It is nice, and builds a very good atmosphere, but is not more than walking and reading.If you were a teenager during the 90's it migh make you feel nostalgic. Also, the story is very girly so be aware.It wasn't a bad experience but this ""game"" is highly overpriced.I just recommend you to buy it if it has a special offer, and only if you like interactive stories."
76561198062895292,Not Recommended,232430,8650038,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Sir Jamy the Strangler,"not a game.i'm not trying to make a statement about the 'is it a game?' topic that happens a lot with these kinds of things.  art, game, story, whatever.  this, this is not a game.this is not fun.  i'm sure it's smart, and i'm sure it has an emotional impact.but you don't play it!  it isn't fun to play!  i am not being entertained.if i want to learn, or feel things, i will read a book.  i like reading books, i read a lot of them.i play games so i can experience exotic locales, have dangerous adventures, overcome obstacles.if i want to root through an abandoned house i'll GO BACK TO ROBBING HOUSES LIKE I USED TO before i started using video games to curb my recidivistic tendencies.i'm sure this is awesome, but i don't care."
,Not Recommended,232430,8348140,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Battlestriker123,"Yes, the story is interesting. Yes, the characters are believable (and, personally, even somewhat relatable). But after an hour and a half, you will find yourself at the end of a narrative that does not quite reach its expected potential. Gone Home is a good adventure game, but there are plenty others that are better. 7.4/10."
,Not Recommended,232430,8357999,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,starboy,"Gone Home has an amazing atmosphere. And the game builds on it as you progress through the house. It's quite spooky exploring the place, I kept thinking something or someone was going to pop up around the next corner. I really want to like what this game was doing, but I simply can't. I completed it once and I won't be going at it again. I'm very, very glad I did not spend the full 19.99$ this game was asking for."
76561197988165211,Not Recommended,232430,12379145,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Tord,Really not worth 20€.
,Not Recommended,232430,11698581,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Breakfast Cereal [trance,This game is a slap in the face.
76561198002959488,Not Recommended,232430,14671373,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Maimonides,"Not really a game, in my opinion. A story you put together in pieces and parts by exploring room to room."
,Not Recommended,232430,14718835,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Baller's Gait,"I can't say I hated it, but I sure am glad I didn't pay the 20 dollar entry fee. The writing is middling, and there's just not enough content to justify the price tag, even with comparision to the already inflated movie industry."
,Not Recommended,232430,8354584,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Beefaroni,Very short playtime with a general story. The only thing holding interest throughout is the 90s nostalgia but it can't help the story which is already hard to follow and leaves little suprise. Don't buy it at full price if you consider it at all.
76561198030040875,Not Recommended,232430,7849413,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Mariokata,"I DON’T RECOMMEND THIS GAME AT FULL PRICEBUY ONLY AT 75% OFF.Gone home is a first person exploration game. Well maybe it’s not a game but more of an experience. There are no puzzles, no challenge and nothing to put your game skills to test here. This “game” is all about exploring a house, looking at items and basically learning more about the people who live in the house and their background.  Without spoiling the story because this is the “ meat” of the game I will have to say that it tries to create an emotional connection with the user but the problem here is that THIS connection is hard to be established on all people who play the game and it depends on their own norms/values. That is also the reason that some people like the game and others don't. Furthermore this game is full of Easter eggs. If you were born in the 80’s just like me you will find a lot of references here. Some items will bring back memories from your childhood. The “game” is all about creating nostalgia but nonetheless it covers a very sensitive topic.Personally the story for ME was not very touching and to tell the truth I enjoyed exploring the house in order to find those 80’s and early 90’s easter eggs. The main story was average and predictable to say the least.Pros: beautiful environment that looks and feels like a real house, lots of Easter eggs, 80’s nostalgia is everywhere,  good voice work, the soundtrack is excellent and the music fits with the tone of the gameCons: main story it’s predictable and boring, there is no real gameplay here, no replayability, the game is only 2 hours long and it’s also very expensive for its duration.FINAL SCORE: 6.5/10I give thumps down just because there is no middle ground in the rating system and because I recommend this game only during sales just for the nostalgia."
,Not Recommended,232430,9122411,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,elitistsnob,"Boring bait-and-switch story that first appears be paranormal, but ultimately turns in a teen lesbian love tale. A waste of money."
,Recommended,232430,7971959,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,roguefrog,A powerful environmental story telling game set in the 90s.  Highly recommended if you lived through that vintage-Internet post-Cold War era.
76561198071298610,Not Recommended,232430,11782659,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Nat,"I do not recommend this game. First of all, its cost far exceeds the satisfaction it provides. It's over in a little over 2 hours. Secondly, I feel the atmosphere is deceiving and only there to mask an absolutely standard plot. This is a story you will forget about in a week. Also, graphics are bad, heavy, and boring.The marketing of this game focuses on not having puzzles or monsters to survive. That should mean that the story will be amazing. Not the case. I am so dissappointed."
76561198002184914,Not Recommended,232430,8511520,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Curry,"The main plot discovery (about the sister) turned out to be rather staid and uncontroversial in these modern times, for me anyways. Your mileage will vary greatly based on your own subjectivity.It has no gameplay value and is over in a short sitting, so make sure you're some American 90s kid who can get dem feels from its various nostalgic paraphernalia."
,Not Recommended,232430,11207316,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Dani Game Warrior,"It's a good game if you like to just explore, but there's no real challenge in the game at all. It has that atmosphere of a creepy game where something can pop out around the corner suddenly but there's none of that. In my opinion it's not really worth what they charge for it, I got it on sale which is the only reason I considered it. Some might like this, but as for me, I want more in a game than just finding clues through an empty house."
,Not Recommended,232430,11670409,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,undeadpancakemx,"story was just plained old awful, on the bright side lesbians."
,Recommended,232430,8313727,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,JakenBear,You go home.
,Not Recommended,232430,12839127,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Theodore Bikel,Why did I buy this?
,Not Recommended,232430,8025976,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,ErodedPretzel,"I, like many others, bought this game due to all of the high reviews. I thought ""Wow this is going to be great!"" and boy was I wrong. The gamplay itself is just wander the house and click on this to hear a snippet of a story. This would be okay if the story itself was excellent but it is not. It is a love story but with a politically correct twist to it and if it missing that then it would be a typical teenage love story. I kept hoping that the end would bring some sort of originality or depth to make you think, but no that was lackluster as well. It seems that the largest reason this game received so many high scores is due to its stance on a political issue but is that enough to merit high praise?*Edit: I forgot to mention the narration from the sister which is well done. It would have been a possible buy if there was more narration and less wandering the mansion. I guess that would make it more of an interactive fictional journal."
,Not Recommended,232430,8179246,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,HEEHAW,"Thought I would love this game! I was wrong, besides the intresting gameplay there is really nothing going for it. The story well....If you like predictable soap opreas BUY this game, if not don't bother.Note: I am not a fan of the 90's, and I suppose I over hyped the game reading all the news stories calling it a GOTY nominee."
,Recommended,232430,16784534,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Nicholas D Wolfwood,"This will be a in depth review on Gone Home, instead of the usual one line joke because I believe the negative reviews for this game are unwarranted. This being said I want to give my personal context, and what games I personally enjoy. I do not usually like Indy titles, though have given MANY a chance. Fez, Meat Boy, ect. I understand why they are liked. But I lean towards story based gameplay.That being said I will start this review.Gone Home starts off with a odd feeling to it. You arrive after a small call home and a general backstory to literally just a empty house. After searching around for a few minutes, you begin to realize that this game is a investigation psychological thriller piece that allows you to go through the home and story at your own pace. The dialogue is well voice-acted, and the physics of the game though can be a bit clunky end up feeling completely natural. The story itself keeps you driven to read, and find more clues to the investigation.If you go hearing spoilers about the game, it will ruin the original experience this title could have delievered for you. If you are coming in to this with no spoilers, and a general idea of the investigative piece. Then you will have a AMAZING time with this game.This game is only for people that want a good story, and something that allows you to tie clues together to form a hypothesis on the plot before its final reveal. This is not Borderlands 2, Fall Out, or something that has story equal to gameplay. The gameplay is a aid towards the atmosphere of the story. Not the other way around.All this being said, it is a amazing game that I am beyond happy with. I WOULD NOT pay full price for this game. It simply is not worth 20$. However if this is on sale for even 50% off, it is a must buy. Extremely happy with the purchase."
,Not Recommended,232430,9444246,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,maddie the baddie,"You walk around for TWO HOURS to find out where your dumb family is.Your dumb parents went on a dumb vacation and your dumb, teenage, lesbian sister ran away with some edgy army chick, gg.Waste of time, waste of money, do not buy this crap. cool badges and backgrounds tho."
,Not Recommended,232430,8353513,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Ace T'Ken,"I genuinely don’t get why people liked this game. The exploration was a good start, but the main story and most of the subplots were incredibly bland. I think the high scores had more to do with people slapping themselves on the back for being so progressive as to show vocal appreciation for a gay love story. Problem is, the story itself was extremely bland, if not downright bad. Hell, generic romantic comedies have more complex and interesting plots.The main failing for me was partially due to how well it succeeded at exploration. I was exploring every nook and cranny to find the next little hit of story only to find that the story wasn’t worth finding out about. The one story that WAS worth exploring was barely touched at all (The Uncle).I’m mildly perturbed to see it mentioned in Game Of The Year discussions. One neat mechanic does not make a Game Of The Year for me. I wouldn’t enjoy a scavenger hunt if the prize was a handful of cooking grease."
,Not Recommended,232430,8486108,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,[uRxP]KittenQueefs,"This game was super short, it maybe took me a hour and a half to finish it. I heard hype about it being amazing, so I spent a couple of dollars on it. I don't regret the $3 spent, it held my interested, but I would never pay more than that for it. I was told it was a ""mystery game"", which I immediately though Nancy Drew like game. Not even close. It's just a short story basically, nothing mysterious about it. The game pretty much feeds you where to go and what to do, so there's not much brain power used to play it.If you want a not that great bedtime story game, go for it. Otherwise, don't bother. And definitely don't pay more than a couple dollars for it."
76561198066322074,Not Recommended,232430,8473320,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,MrPolygon,"I was disappointed with this game, I expected a much more interesting story. The game mechanics are very well done for the most part, but the house is quite large and easy to get turned around in. I couldn't find every item and was bored throughout the game, I kept expecting it to pick up and get better but suddenly it was over.If the developers hired a better writer and adapted their awesome game mechanics they could create a decent myster / story / exploration game."
76561198074700826,Not Recommended,232430,8495621,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,DoesNoEvil,"I usually don't spend more than 5$ on games that I know are short, and we're talking proper games (Limbo and Braid come to mind) and Gone Home isn't a proper one, more like an ""experience"" (a lot like Dear Esther), little more than a visual novel that relies heavily on 90s nostalgia... the story is ok with its ""awwww"" moments, but it was kinda tired and too predictable, as corny as 90210 (which they ""ironically"" mock a couple of times! you know... being the 90s and all)Gameplay is minimal, just rummaging through stuff in an empty house and read every piece of paper and grab, move and rotate objects around to find more hidden papers and read those which in turn unlock the ""dear diary"" voiced entries from player character's young sister. I don't mean to be reductive, I mean, this is done mostly well (loose ends and red herrings aside), but that's all there is, no puzzles, nothing, just the rummaging, the reading and listening to the admitedly cool yet samey music.I paid 5$ for this on sale and feel it wasn't worth it, the ""experience"" ends abruptly and can't shake the feeling ""there must be something else"" went back to rummage some more (sigh)... yet found nothing else. I'd be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥had I paid 20$ for this and will upvote as helpful every review that points this out.For me it was a good but not great story/experience."
76561197971550041,Not Recommended,232430,8497838,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,jariten,"Incredibly dissapointing.  I had heard so many good things about this game that I decided to pick it up.  In the end it's just a seriously neutered visual novel.  The story itself is OK but really short.  Unlike normal visual novels there are no branching story points.  Gone Home is really just a short novella in a first person wrapper.  Not horrible, but not worthy of the praise it has garnered.Here's what it got right: Atmosphere, the music and the sound were great.  Very fitting for the story's setting.Some places where they stumbled:  The game is going for realism, but it takes place in a silly mansion that wouldn't exist in real life.  The parents subplot is ok but the uncle/ghost subplot is just silly."
76561198139299207,Recommended,232430,28954946,Posted: 2 January,all,gluon,"Gone home is part of the trend of interactive novellas rather than a game per se.  It revolves entirely around the story and keeping you wanting to know the next part of that story.  I would say in both of these regards gone home works exceptionally well.Its difficult to give too much information without spoiling some elements of the story but there are portions which you will find in the form of notes etc around the house which require reading and others which give you verbal information in the form of 'diary like' snippets.  Taking the time to search for extra bits as you go round is definately worth it as it fleshes out a side story of what is happening with other parts of the familys life.Overall I have to say that the voice acting is excellent, the artwork in the house is excellent, the atmosphere is perfect and the story keeps you wanting more.  I played this on Linux and can attest to excellent performance at least on that platform.Given I took my time to examine as much as I could and it took me approximately 2 hours it may be possible to complete this in less than an hour but if you do that you will undoubtedly miss a lot of the nuance and impact of the story.This is certainly worth experiencing and if you enjoy interactive storytelling as a medium this is a must buy I would say."
76561198093233957,Not Recommended,232430,22067643,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Ultimatepigsniff,"Its been I don't know like 2 years since I've played this piece of garbage but it it is still one on my list of the top 10 worst games ever created by humans.I dowloaded this game, seeing all the so called ""awards"" and ""rave reviews"" and whatnot thinking in going to get some entertainment. What I got was honey potted and a damn SJW ♥♥♥♥♥how. This game and its setting initially make you think its going to be a horror game but that in and of itself is a lie, a lie designed to bait innocent gamers into thinking this piece of garbage will be a horror game and give us a couple of hours of fears based entertainment. I for one was so convinced that I had to look up the ending online to prepare myself for a jumpscare but all I got was disappointment. What I'm saying is this game is a trap, an awful trap that baits you with fear based undertones before jamming a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ generic lesbian storyline where you thought a demon or some♥♥♥♥♥♥might be. And don't think I'm some homophobic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because not only am I acquainted with several homosexuals (one of which who hits on me in math class) I also read yuri manga before bed (thats cutesy anime lesbians for all you non-otakus). Even if I knew this was a SJW lesbian ♥♥♥♥♥how, even if I WASN'T honey potted I would still hate it with a burning passion because in a nutshell, this game is just an overhyped, crappy, yuri visual novel. Not even its just some girl walking through her house reading about her sister adventures into some other girl's flesh-taco. The fact that this game exists when there are so many better horror games and yuri visual novels out there and the fact that this got so many awards is basically a big middle finger to both, fresh from the♥♥♥♥♥♥of the feminazi agenda. If I had to write a review of the new ghost busters movie I would reference this game as much as I could because its the same ♥♥♥♥ing thing. A bunch of SJW ♥♥♥♥♥es get together, make an unholy rubbish heap of tumblr posts that look vaguely like a a movie/games that betrays every possible aspect of any kind of original source material and or genres with the added benifit of crushing a countless number of people (men) who know its a bad idea. And thanks to all this patriarchy nonsense these fat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ exuses for living creatures are invincible to any criticism while the garbage heap grows and festers like a tumor on American culture while these piles of goo sit around flicking the bean to a statue of their all might ♥♥♥♥♥ goddess Anita Sharksome ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t (I don't know how to spell her name). Basicallu what I'm trying to say is ♥♥♥♥ this games, ♥♥♥♥ the people who made it (metaphorically of course because their reproduction will surely doom the human race), and ♥♥♥♥ anyone who honestly enjoyed it in any way shape or form. For you who still want to spend 10 dollars on something spent it on undertale. It has better horror,better lesbians and the only SJW ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t its involved with is the fandom (seriously don't look uo untertale on tumblr you will die inside). I give this game a -999999999999999/10, and may god have mercy on my soul for having played it beginning to end."
76561198120148897,Not Recommended,232430,11764742,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,sneakysnake,"incredibly boring piece of lame♥♥♥♥♥storytelling ""game""0/10"
,Not Recommended,232430,11398771,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,BooBear:3,This is a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,232430,20758632,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Grand Wizard Miller,"""game"""
,Recommended,232430,7467681,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Dan Bull,"Amongst the the immaculately observed minutiae of mid-90s suburban family life, Gone Home builds a forboding atmosphere of intrigue until it reaches fever pitch, and then takes the player in an altogether unexpected direction. I need more games like this in my life."
76561198037109208,Not Recommended,232430,8247563,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Captain Assplay,This game sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥ Some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right here. You think its going to be creepy...turns out your sister is a lezbo and ran off with her gay partner. Just saved you 20 bucks.
76561197981029561,Not Recommended,232430,8444777,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,-AD-,"I really wanted to like this one and I do for all of 25 mins! That is how long it took me to get to the ending. I guess I went somewhere I should not have until later in the game and then it was over! I didn't even know I should be looking everywhere else first. I did not look up any spoilers, or cheat in anyway I know of. I do not understand how the creators can let a player that is just exploring get to the end in just a few minuets!!! I wanted to get involved with the story and have an experience but now I just feel cheated. I know the ending of the story so there really is no point in going back and ""following the clues"" or try to solve what has going to happen.Keep your money I will not be picking up another Fullbright Company game as I never want to pay for an experience like this one."
,Not Recommended,232430,8334499,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Extracrispy,"I'd imagine this is the most polarizing game of the year. If you're playing for story only and care about 90s feminism and lesbian love stories, you'd like this game. I personally don't care for the story. I felt there were too many loose ends on the subplots of the parents at the end unless I missed some items. The gameplay is more barebones than even the walking dead. The game is also way too short for $20. It's around 2 hours if you get lost. However, I did enjoy searching the house, and the textures/objects were well done. The ambiance with the storm and the creaking house had me expecting a jump scare, but there sadly was no payoff.5/10"
,Not Recommended,232430,13596655,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Worst player NA #FeelsBadMan,i dont think this should be call a game and damn adam sess for saying great things about it this is awe
,Not Recommended,232430,11417413,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,coco,I payed $3 for a walking simulator and I still believe that was overpriced.
76561198057283953,Recommended,232430,32204504,Posted: 5 June,all,sightlessreality,"I'll start with 2 Discaimers.1: I bought this game knowing exactly what I was getting into2: There will be spoilersTo be honest WAAAAYYYYYYYY back when I bought it, I already knew pretty much everything about the story. This however in no way swayed me from not buying it. Why? Because although I knew what I was getting into knowing it and experiancing it are two different things. Which is something most people who keep away from spoilers don't fully grasp(no offense meant here). It took me some time to actually play though cause at the time the computer I had would not have been able to run it. So, it took a backburner for a long time.Now that I have finally played it. I'm not disapointed. If anything, I'm even more happy that I purchased it in the first place. The ending almost had me left in tears & I had stayed up to 2am to finish it in one go. Will I play this again? Much like a certian movie with a similar though somewhat comedic story, the answer is yes.Regarding the characters, the person I least liked the more and more info that was presented would have to be the mother. She came accross as unfaithful & I'm glad at least she decided to move back towards the father.The father of all people I felt the most for. It pained me to see all the extra copies of his failed book series he had as I explored the house. Not to mention the.......other not so good thing. There was a nice silver lining as I got closer to the end though.Sam, oh boy Sam. I feel happy for her bittersweet ending but at the same time..........I wish she had waited just a bit so she could see her sister(us) return. But than if that had been the case, this would be a very different story. And I can totally understand why she left. Her thinking it impossible to speak with us directly makes sense. Because if she waited only to be rejected for her being a Lesbian by her own sister who she cares so much for. I think, it would have left the ultimate scar for her. And unlike with her just leaving and there being a chance of returning some day. I don't think she would have returned. As is the case of most gay people who get rejected by their families.All in all, I really loved this story and most of all I love that although we learn the journal entries as we go. Ultimately, it's actually all being read after we get to into the attic.Just remember, if you don't like just walking around picking things up & reading things. This game will probably not be for you."
76561198154912826,Recommended,232430,20322829,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,ADRNTESPDR,"Gone Home is a game beckoning players to solve its mystery. The moment the player walks into the empty house he or she is drawn in by the stillness of the vacant home. So begins a search to figure out where everyone has gone. The search never leaves the house, but the house is incredibly large and tightly-packed with subtle clues and objects to flesh out the plot. Gone Home doesn't require the player to do any more than explore, so if you're looking for anything more than a story-driven exploration game I'm afraid you may be disappointed. However, Gone Home commits to what it does, and it's that commitment that makes it a wonderful game.On paper the story would seem lackluster, but it's the feeling and voice-acting of the narration of notes littered around the house that help give the game life. You begin to see that all the characters involved are deep and relatable even though you will never lay eyes on them. As you sift through all the belongings of your family you'll become closer with these people that have a lot more going on than you realize. It makes you wonder how much someone could get to know you just by going through your own home. As creepy as it sounds, Gone Home is a game that makes the player think about how these relationships are affecting each other, and ultimately affecting the end portion of the story.Honestly, it's the sound design of Gone Home that heightened the experience for me. The sounds of an empty home during a thunderstorm were oddly chilling even though I knew I had nothing to fear. The crisp dialogue is perfectly cast, and the actors did an amazing job. This is one of those cases where great writing and acting come together to create something truly great. The soundtrack, however, really hit home for me. It's beautifully done comes in at just the perfect time for emphasis to what's happening in the story. I have the soundtrack on my phone as we speak, which is only something I do with the my favorites.I love simple walking simulators that allow you to relax and enjoy a great story. Gone Home is well made, and there's a lot of love in it. If you enjoy a good story with relatable characters and a little exploration, you should pick this one up. However, be warned that Gone Home only lasts a couple hours unless you REALLY dig deep into the environment. As much as I love it, I would suggest getting it at a discount."
76561198030414441,Not Recommended,232430,9462916,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Ralgaoud,"A story-based adventure/exploration game with very little story and very little game. You are a teenage girl, coming home after a year abroad, to find the home empty. So what does a girl do in this case? She goes rummaging in the trash for notes about what could have possibly happened. It is this implausability that really detracted from the mood the game was aiming for. All you do is rummage through the house for written notes from various members of the family that conveniently allude to the plot. Interacting with some objects/notes allows the player to hear narration from the sister, a key figure to the storyline. The story is very forgettable, however, I do commend the game for effective use of multiple red herrings (some of the best I've seen in a videogame)."
,Not Recommended,232430,12006828,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Mr. Self Destruct,"In my most humble opinion, avoid playing this game at all cost.This game is a prime example of how game journalists/critics are paid off to give a positive review. And also, proves the fact that the feminist media would go lengths to support a game which markets their interests.Now to the short review.Pros:- Interesting premise- Feels a bit scary from time to time.- Doesn't hold the hand of the player to find clues or solve mysteries.- Stuff to read that reminds the player of the 90s.Cons:- The story becomes predictable and boring during the early stages of the game.- You do not feel any emotional impact when the game ends.- Most of the interactable objects are useless and serve no purpose.- Cliche LBGT theme.- Can be finished in 30 minutes.I would not recommend this game to any of my friends, unless they are interested in just reading stuff in a game with a whole lot of walking around. But, then again, I would recommened them a book instead. ^_^"
76561198050498532,Not Recommended,232430,15091990,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Prometheus101,This game had the potential to be good but it blew it with a crappy story and a less than stellar plot. 0/10. Got my hopes up for a really scary game but screwed me like a ♥♥♥♥♥. Not worth the cash.
,Not Recommended,232430,7892054,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,infernovia,"Why are you exploring this large empty house? Mostly to figure out what happened to your sister. But the story is dull and it doesn't tell what happened in the past through the environment like it's supposed to.  It's narrated to you through your sister's voice... when there is no clear way to explain why you are able to hear it (you can turn this off, but the game becomes even more boring because it feels emptier and lifeless).The biggest weakness in this game is that there are no characters to interact with and nothing for you to do with the information you find. This is a step back from other great adventure games like Blade Runner and The Last Express. Those games put you in a role where understanding the perspectives of the other characters was very useful to your end goals and would dramatically affect your actions/decisions. Thus, I actually gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥about what happened and went looking through every single piece of the environment to make sure I didn't miss anything.Not impressed at all."
,Not Recommended,232430,8581180,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,J0HN_L0CKE,"Really? This was what all the hype was about. Walking around a house for an hour looking at letters while some lame angsty teen crap and marriage problems are unconvered? And no payoff at the end either. I don't care that this isn't really a game, I wanted to play for a great story. This was not a great story. Bunch of pretentious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is all."
,Recommended,232430,12965593,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,bum,"Interesting, frightening, charmingly, with mild anxiety."
,Not Recommended,232430,13862333,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,scarayao,"Dear lord, why is this game so praised by the critics?Pros:-Cozy Atmosphere-90's Nostalgia-that's itCons:-Typical teenage lesbian story about their ""forbidden love"", we've seen this story already hundreds of times in books, films and reality-1h or even less to finish it.-absolutely no gameplay and almost 0 challenge, it's just a walking simulatornot even worth a cent."
76561198030206162,Not Recommended,232430,16371659,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Roach,"Was sold this game with 'Ground-breaking', 'Amazing story telling', and 'Must play' none of that is true.Turns out your sister is just a lesbian and you are a creep for digging through your family's♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,232430,12619170,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,DaggerfallNerd,"good for one playthrough, story is solid and great, but its nothing worth $20 for.the developers put alot of time into this game, id have to say its not really for me, but i did enjoy it, i just dont feel like there is any replay value after you finish the game and find all the secrets.sure its an interesting concept about how a story could be told with a game in more of a artistic way, but its really not something that you can enjoy for longer than an hour and a half or more.wait till its on sale. for $5 or less.thats what i did."
,Recommended,232430,10927913,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,kingpotato,"This was one of the most boring burglary simulators I have ever played. There was no sneaking mechanic and the house you rob had almost no jewelry or high end electronics. The worst yet is that the game dangles the sweet carrot of a top of the line laserdisc CD player in cryptic notes which is nowhere to be found! In addition to the aforementioned missing sneak ability, you had almost no way to keep track of all your plunder. I had to pile up all my freshly stolen coffee mugs and toilet paper rolls by the front door! On the positive side, the difficulty is low since the family remains blissfully unaware of your felonious intent throughout the course of the game.I would recommend this game if you want to feel out a possible career in crime, but are afraid of going for a real score the first time."
,Not Recommended,232430,12943994,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,My nama jeff,Uninstall Simulator 2014
78245782502034578,Not Recommended,232430,18024982,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,maple,"I went into this completely blind, only knowing that it had recieved tons of positive press and was devoloped by members of the extremely underated sequel to the original Bioshock.  After completing it I cannot understand why it has garnered the praise that it has.  I can appriciate a Dear Esther style exploration game that is simply ambient story telling, but what we have here is a poorly written, preditcable story that tries its hardest to achieve emotional resonance with the player whilst simultaneously having the (literal) depth of a high school freshman's diary.  All the while the game baits the player with red herrings that are far more interesting than what is actually there.I went in expecting great things, and came out utterly disappointed.  I hope I enjoy their next project more than I did this one."
76561198062553474,Not Recommended,232430,24257220,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Krampus,"Gone home is a drama storytelling walking simulator game.Most of these types of games are usually a hit or miss,for me this one was a miss.The plot usually leads you with much expectation ,giving the good soundtrack and the design of the enviroments,but ends with a ""meh"" kind of situation.Giving that,the side stories end being more interesting than the main story itself,if you explore a lot.Sadly after its over,there is nothing more to look for.These kind of walking simulators games (with rare exceptions) are made more to be appreciated than be played."
76561198012275256,Not Recommended,232430,28231117,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Count Gumberton,"An okay interactive story that is criminally overpriced; I beat it without guides in 57 minutes. This is a complete and absolute ripoff at anything more than $5.Now, the game.This is basically an interactive story that has you wandering around a house finding items to interact with in order to unlock voiced journal entries to read. That's it. Point, click, listen, credits. There's no challenge here nor any real sense of gameplay. This is something you play for the story, plain and simple.I'm not going to say that I dislike this game because it's an interactive story; I enjoyed The 39 Steps even though it was an interactive story, but it was because it was a good story, suspenseful and exciting in some parts and well-written. Gone Home generally has none of this. I can't really say much about the story without spoiling it, but trust that this story seems to be targeted towards teenagers.This is definitely a game that can be skipped, as the asking price is absolutely ridiculous, and you could probably watch someone speedrun the story on Youtube in 15-20 minutes to view the entire experience. No reason to buy this."
,Recommended,232430,16774959,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Vic=HKC=,"Gone Home tells the story of a young woman coming home in the nineties. Her sister is supposed to be there as their parents are away but with a home in the dark, with the sister missing.... What happened? Which are the mysteries? Are you ready for the scare of your life?Well, it's just a point and click game, visiting rooms, finding the story of your sister, the music she likes, her rebellion against the society in the nineties, her friends, her hobby....The graphics are correct but the ambiance... I was really on my toes and watching my back, expecting a paranormal entity to get me.... until the end.*cough* Well, I managed to scare myself for nothing anyway *cough*The soundtrack is pretty good too. And discovering the struggling of the young woman is interesting. Because her story is still lived by millions. And that's interesting.I think I wouldn't have enjoyed Gone Home so much if I hadn't set in my mind that something will appear out of the blue and scares me. But in your house, with nobody, with locked rooms, in the dark, what do you expect? Horrible things.True, the game is overpriced: 20$ is perhaps a little much. So wait until there is a good deal, like today (-88%)."
,Not Recommended,232430,16374699,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,michaelx25a,spoilers: sister is missing. sister is gay. dont find sister. walk around the house from resident evil. no zombies. no recommend
,Not Recommended,232430,7798699,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,pwrbttm,"This game is terrible.  It is not in the slightest bit challenging, but is instead one long fetch quest comprised of smaller fetch quests.  The story is boring and trite and relies on it's lesbian characters to carry it.  Save yourself a few boring, unfulfulling hours, and look elsewhere."
,Recommended,232430,7498079,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,2 cats 2 curiousʕ ´ᴥ`ʔ,"This is not super video game-y and that may be a plus or not to you!  It's more like an interactive story with some puzzles, but I liked it and I think it's good there are games like this out there. well cya"
76561197970943222,Recommended,232430,8349619,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,[sYn] Sleepy Weasel,"Solid story telling.  Solid exploration.  Just too short.  I bought it on sale, and reccomend you do the same."
76561198031273221,Not Recommended,232430,13833568,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Sheepscuit,"I was looking forward to playing through this game. I had an itch for exploring, the suspense, the story driven experience.I still have that itch. This game didn't fulfill it.It's not that Gone Home is bad, as such. But there are problems.+ The atmosphere. The storm outside and gloomy, empty feeling inside gives the game an eerie feel.- It took me 30 minutes to explore the whole house and to finish the story. There were no puzzles to really solve, no plot twists, the house isn't that big and there weren't that many things to interact with in each room.+/- The story was fine, it's not the best but not the worst either. I didn't really care for the characters but I did want to know what the point behind the story was. Unfortunately it wasn't the best ending.Even at a couple of quid in the sale, this game wasn't really worth the money, and asking £15 for it is ludricrous when you could maybe get 1 hour out of the game at most. There's no replay ability either."
,Recommended,232430,8454727,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Goodspeed,"Although this isn't meant to be a horror it is terrifying. I challenge you to play this game without hearing bumps in the very large empty house you're stuck in. I couldn't do much without checking over my shoulder just to be sure slender man wasn't creeping up behind me.All together realy fun, really immersive a nice casual game to play with a mug of your favourite brew :)"
,Recommended,232430,8053718,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,pogokeen,"Really amazing game that really affected & resonated with me.  This is one of those rare works that I hold so dear, that it's hard to share my feelings about it with others because it's so personal.  Don't let anyone spoil it for you -- take the time to experience it fully.  Thanks to everyone who had a hand in making this game :)"
76561197960693167,Recommended,232430,7801426,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Not Zero,"I wouldn't pay any more than the $5 I did for Gone Home. I wouldn't call it a game. It's more of a digital art installation much like the Stanley Parable but without choice. Hell, it's cheaper than a movie ticket and you get 2 hours out of it. The amount of detail in the game is impressive. I highly recommend it to people who can appreciate art for what it is.The story was good and I was happy to be wrong about the ending. I did get emotional. The Cat Lady is really the only other game that I actually felt something.Buy it in the next 3 hours or wait until a sale/price drop."
76561198079803253,Recommended,232430,8359085,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dazzberry,"In my opinion the greatest love story in gaming, also the first game to make me cry."
76561197971857947,Recommended,232430,8395223,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,[BoTM] Rancorel,"Going Home engaged how I thought about situations in a way I'd never experienced before. From what I can tell the developers were going for, I think that they nailed it. Sure the game has flaws, a person who just got back from europe is not going to rumage through their families things two seconds after walking through the door. The rumaging as a story telling device was brilliant though. I went through the place with a fine tooth comb. Which increased my playtime as I back tracked a number of times to re-read things to gauge a better understanding of them.The House design, limited interaction (don't know how many times I pressed spacebar to try and look on a top shelf in a cupboard), voice acting and pacing were really well done. The audio stood out the most though, from the storm in the backgroud, the boom boxes to the muffled sounds in the basement.My emotions worked against me as one piece of scap led down paths I wasn't expecting and I was genuinely happy with the ending.4.5/5 for a developer that has nailed what Quantic Dream have been trying to do for years! ;)"
,Recommended,232430,1799271,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Frater Nagelbett,Speechless. Perfect addition to my arsenal of games I can use to slap people in the face with who think gaming is an immature pastime.
,Recommended,232430,21290260,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Beatrice,"VERY CUTE GAME, SUPER SWEET AND CUTE!"
,Recommended,232430,8342365,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,CitizenErased,"Alright, so it's time to review this highly critically acclaimed game. First of all I'm gonna say that I would probably neither give the game a thumbs up or a thumbs down but more like something in between. Since I can't do that it's gonna be a thumbs up. Im gonna give the game props for telling a sweet little love story that hits close to home, without the use of cutscenes or dialogue but through interaction with the environment. The kind of metamorphosis between gameplay and narrative that I really would like to see in more games - You can tell the inspiration these guys took from BioShock after they left 2KGames. The detail put into the game; The 90s pop cultural references to famous rock bands, tv shows, movies and books alike did well for the immersion. I'm a big fan of games like Gone Home that encourages exploration in order to provide further exposition to the overarching plot. There are so many items you can interact with in the environment and visually it looks beautiful. This is what I'd like to see in more adventures games, and horror games, alike. Bigger emphasis on exploration and interaction with the environment that made up for the game's rather short length, which ended up being almost 5 hours of game time for me. This is what drags the game down for me. It was incredibly short for an adventure game, but the developing team was small in size, nontheless, and it felt more like an experiment for something greater - Because Gone Home could be so much more! The exploration is pretty much all there is to this game, combined with the short length, it's not worth the high price it originally was set to before it went on sale. I ended up paying only 6 euros, which was fair enough for me. It was 6 euros worth my time. I hope to see more from these guys in the future."
76561198019613670,Recommended,232430,8174002,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Troyboy,"Sort of torn on whether I should recommend this or not, maybe I'm just a stingy person. It's an incredible experience, but I do stress experience, not game. There's very little interactivity beyond clicking and pointing, story line is amazing though. I paid ten euro for it in the sale and I STILL feel a bit sore considering I only got an hour and a half out of it. The lack of gameplay mechanics means I'll probably never play it again. I can only imagine paying full price, it's very expensive for the amount of content."
76561197982530223,Recommended,232430,8355778,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Doctor Shartheart,"This game really showed that video games can be an amazing medium for telling a story. There is no fighting, no action, no jump out of your skin scares, but the story that unfolds throughout this game was beautifully crafted and the attention to detail in the game itself was very impressive. I haven't had a game get me slightly choked up before, but this one came pretty damn close."
,Recommended,232430,380303,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,jobyek,"Play it alone, play it in the dark, play it in one sitting. Beautiful game."
,Not Recommended,232430,7980184,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Kat,"Plot was unengaging and unsurprising, felt like an essay I wrote in high school. Atmosphere was not enough to make up for the severely limited interaction with the environment and the lackluster story. Gone Home felt like a prototype for a new way to tell short stories or present interesting atmospheres, but it still could have been more interactive. If the framework is picked up by someone willing to write a decent story, flesh out interaction with the enviroment and create enough content to engage the player for a couple of hours at least it could be a good game. To me, as it is, Gone Home did not live up to it's hype nor reception. [3/10]"
,Recommended,232430,3848550,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,Ezhiik,If you into creepy lesbian love stories - you probably wanna buy it!
76561198196918434,Not Recommended,232430,16875537,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Hillalum,Not interesting if you are not emotionally invested in the story.
,Recommended,232430,17526828,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,WizBiz,"Spooky. As I raced around the house looking for clues, I was on the edge of my seat. I felt something was going to pop out at anytime, as if something out of the ordinary was going to occur.Pros- Suspense Filled- Nothing felt out of place- Could get through the story without headscratching- Great Story. Understandable, realistic, heart-tugging.Cons- Linear, even the exploration. Well deveoped, but a little forced.- SUPER LOW REPLAY VALUEWonderful time playing though, 8/10!"
76561197964993445,Recommended,232430,14940330,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Gen P. Fault,"I don't think I've ever cried at the end of a game before...  <3 Everything from the slightly offputting atmosphere to the soundtrack to a jump scare that I actually thought made sense for once, and of course the story itself.Oh, that and the fact that it makes obnoxious basement dwellers upset because ""how dare teh wimminz have a game they like go back to the kitching lololol"". This game right here? This is the games industry moving forward and leaving your pathetic antisocial♥♥♥♥♥behind. Full recommendation."
,Recommended,232430,18621087,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Pierre Poutine,The real horror of the game is that your sister is a lesbian.
,Recommended,232430,8000416,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Kevybara,"Oh Man!  What a great game.  While there's 0 replayability, the story itself keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole while, hoping for the best, but preparing for the worst."
76561198032721778,Recommended,232430,8354753,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Moon Hunter,"This is a nice bit of Interactive Entertainment, not really a game, but a story. I loved it, but it is not for everyone."
76561197972513544,Recommended,232430,17008687,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Komrade Jubilee,This was very wonderful game to play.. I really enjoy reading everything and i was kind worry with the story..because i was freaking out about the ending..but at the end it was very sweet. it brought back memories of people i met that went through diffenret set of interactiosn how people were during the 90s.  i think it did good about showign that. even now some of theose workds use by the parents. happens these day now too.     i feel it did well showing that impact. it was very good and  interesting story.  had me thinking about stuff again.
,Recommended,232430,8740348,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,mashkitty,I just loved it SO MUCH OKAY
76561198008053556,Recommended,232430,27333159,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Harold Gillies,Great game - does not take that long time to play - but wow a cathing story.
,Recommended,232430,10746736,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Vejita,"Unlike other 'walking simulator' games, this one actually has a little bit of gameplay with it. This game is straight exploration and discovering the story of this girl's family. It was an enjoyable experience and you actually are a bit invested I suppose. This game is SHORT so you may want to get it on sale."
76561198004494631,Recommended,232430,13950686,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,PSXfiles,"A tad on the short side, but worth playing for the memorable story."
76561198007308560,Recommended,232430,7462174,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Abraham Slinkon,"The best storytelling I've ever encountered in a game. Like a great book, it sticks with you after you're finished, interrupting any attempt to just 'move on' to the next thing. Gone Home will be with you long after you finish the game.For anyone who isn't sure it's for them: If you liked exploring and piecing together the untold stories in Fallout 3 or Bioshock, you will love this game."
,Recommended,232430,27010016,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,absoluteares,"i grabbed this game when Fullbright briefly put it out for free recently and immediately fell in love with it. i love a good short story and this was definitely that, but even better because it was interactive. i love that i can touch and pick up nearly anything. and the little details! like the one bathroom cabinet being jammed - it tickled me in a sort of nostalgic way, much like most of the game's carefully crafted 90s aesthetic. the music was right up my alley and so was everything about sam's bedroom. as for the story itself - the father's super subtle backstory hit me hard once i put the pieces together. but above all it was sam and lonnie's story that got me good. and it's the real reason i'm finally buying a copy. from start to finish i could tell that this game was a labor of true love and it didn't go unappreciated. i just want to support companies that are willing to tell these stories - queer stories, /our/ stories that deserve a larger presence in every kind of media. the blend of relatable writing and totally moving voice acting also hit all the right buttons for me. i would definitely (and have already) recommend this game. and i'll be keeping an eye on Fullbright's future projects for sure"
,Recommended,232430,11952953,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Lotje,It's great. I love the 90s setting and the teenage girl characters. I can totally see why the dudebros would hate this game :p
76561198043446880,Recommended,232430,26956539,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mangol,"Beautiful, simply beautiful story."
,Recommended,232430,8074698,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,kariyanine,"Gone Home is a beautiful interactive experience. Its combination of exploration, narrative, and music creates one of the most atmospheric games of the year."
,Recommended,232430,750125,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,mccarron,Finally got around to playing Gone Home. What a great game. I went in blind and really enjoyed it's story.
,Recommended,232430,7452650,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,HOU !,"I could say it's a bit short, but I'm so glad to discover a new game like To the moon or Dear Esther, with a great emotionnal story, no gaming stress, that makes just feel a story almost like you are there that I can only recommand it.Now that I'm back in the light of my room after finishing it, I can still feel the loneliness of that girl in that big, unknown and empty house under the storm.Thanks for this game !"
76561198018537483,Recommended,232430,8754199,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Pure Anger,"This is an amazingly crafted game.Coming home to an empty house, you are looking for clues as to where your parents and you sister is.The game is both tense and horrifying as you slowly uncover the secrets thorugh (voiced)diary entries which is scattered thorugh the house.The game managed managed to keep me playing the entire way through and the tension did not decline at all. The atmosphere and the story is going to keep you  going to the end.The only downside to the game is the length, but they surprised me how well you can fit story in such a small space. I played for about 1,5 hours and i am sure you can uncover all the secrets of the game in 2-2.5 hours. The game might not be for everybody, but if you like story, tension and the urge to explore I strongly recommend this game.To everybody who play this game, go slow and explore."
76561198057541910,Recommended,232430,8360276,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Infinity,"I throughly enjoyed this game and felt it was well worth the sale price of ~6.50, It provided me with several hours of entertainment and I think it'd be a reasonable buy at up to 15 dollars.If you like computer games more for their unique capabilities as a story telling vehicle, ALA myst and perhaps the walking dead game, this might be for you.It was like taking a snippet of someones life, dropping you in for a moment, and then you are gone. Short but sweet.If what I've said resonates with you at all definitely pick this title up on the discounted price!"
,Recommended,232430,8351385,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Venis,"Well told story , had to take a trip on the feels train. well done, a nice break from traditional gaming."
76561197961293053,Recommended,232430,8367079,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Redknight,"Yes, I reccomend this game. If you are reading this do yourself a solid, buy and play this game. You will not regret it. Make more games The Fullbright Company, please."
,Recommended,232430,8344929,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,badgerfrys,"Go in dark, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing."
,Recommended,232430,8320254,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,gonewrong,Great storyline. but wait for it to go on sale because it is really short. It took me 1.7 hours to complete it. also very very creepy
76561198008743819,Recommended,232430,8321299,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Pubgamer,"You come into this game (?) with a completely different expectation of what its about and I think thats the idea of it.Its not a game really but like others have said an interactive novel of sorts, I personally don't read very often but this really is a well produced story despite what others may lead you to believe. So some mechanics are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ right? I agree but that doesnt make a good story. Its a decent looking game albeit not very lengthy, with just over an hour in content not sure if I missed a huge amount (probably) its worth a look.Trying to patch together what happened and where everyone is left me pretty clueless at times but this game really is touching to say the least.Get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,232430,8326663,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,FreakiZ,"You kidding me? I'll start by saying this is a neat little interactive exploration story that you can get lost in, briefly. But I thought I was being pranked when I finished the story in 50 minutes... I feel robbed of even the $6 that I paid on sale. Unless they plan to release free dlc later on then this is a real rip off. I'll say it again, the game is actually kind of cool and I enjoyed it while it lasted. Unfortunately nothing can make up for the insanely short play time and simplistic routes it takes. I would value this game at 4 bucks maximum full price, unless they plan on future free dlc (unlikely haha). As of right now, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,232430,8313446,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,[Broken],Not what I expected. But a really great experience. I finished it in a few hours and was sad that it was over.
,Recommended,232430,7481616,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Zedralan,"Don't buy this game for full price, but if you find it on any sale at all it's well worth it.There's an atmosphere here established by yourself. A storm outside rumbles as you search through the house to uncover a mystery for yourself. Excessive detail is what you'll notice immediately, everything just detailed to a fault.Beautiful shadows, notes left lying around you can read without picking up...  You'll enter rooms that are completely dark and fumble around for a light switch, rummage through drawers, all of this without knowing what you're here for.It's an experience you need to sit down with, and by that I mean it's not a ""game"", there's not much replay value discouting meandering around the house itself.Nice house, mind."
,Recommended,232430,6576148,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Amber,"Playing Gone Home feels like reading a really good John Green book. The gameplay is simply exploring an empty house. The objects, notes, and letters you find slowly unfold a story about growing up in the nineties as a LGBT teen. It's a tender, intimate kind of story seldom seen in the video game industry. I am glad to have played this special little game."
76561197972072638,Recommended,232430,7496031,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,KoolKrax,Wow.
,Recommended,232430,8219519,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,spamtwo,It's possibly the only game I've played this year that I still think about long after playing it. It's impossible to say why it's so good without spoiling it so you'll just have to trust me when I say this is my game of the year.
,Recommended,232430,8257969,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,AtomicReaction,"Having finished this game, I find myself still turning it over and over in my head. One of the best uses of an hour and a half that I have ever had the pleasure of encountering."
76561197975566920,Recommended,232430,8075610,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Cager,"This game was excellent.   Although a bit short for the price(I recommend waiting for a sale to pick it up like I did).   But that's not why you're reading this.The storyline is incredible.   You're Katie.  You come home from Europe to find an empty house and a letter pinned to the door from your sister saying ""Don't come find me"".    This starts an immersive investigative journey through the house.   It takes place in the 90s,  so the VHS tapes and cassettes are there!.   A lot of throwbacks to those days as well,  so I would recommend being old enough to ""get"" that time.   The main story focuses on your sister Sam and her whereabouts.   Although side-stories and plotlines involving your mother and father run concurrent to the main story as well.   There are no objectives or waypoints.   Progression in the game relies on human curiousity.   I personally just went exploring in the house and the game subtlely guides you to the next location,  you never quite feel guided but you are.   Being thorough and anal in searching each rooms turns up interesting tid-bits on the occupants of the house,  both past and present so search everything.Atmospherically the game does well,  it's taking place in the middle of a massive thunderstorm,  so rain, thunder and lightning blanket the house,   there are creaks and eerie sounds throughout,  and some interesting moments with lights.   Playing this at night,  the atmosphere of uncertainty and the fear of basements comes into play(lights!).All in all it was an exciting journey.  I enjoyed it.   It's not for people with low attention spans,  and if you aren't enthralled by gameplay lacking action and gunplay,  this isn't for you.   But the story,  and the very subtle ways you develop bonds with the characters you are trying to find makes for an emotional trip in trying to find them.   You should all play this game at least once."
,Recommended,232430,9371252,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Alis,"Knew virtually nothing about this going in and was so-oo-oo glad for it.I think reactions to GONE HOME will vary depending on what you happened to be doing in your life circa 1995. For me, it was... well, it was pretty much exactly what's depicted here. It's not usual for me to see what is essentially my angsty teenage years depicted in a videogame, but I like it. Even if it does dredge up some of my own awkward, bittersweet memories.Also: at circa age 12, I used to be so good at those Magic Eye things. Nowdays? Not so much."
,Recommended,232430,18799214,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,moji,the meat of the game is very tasty but the way it's presented to you will make you realize that white girl problems are the least interesting problems of any possible problem any human being could ever face. if you like old houses and well-written diaries/notes/letters it's a solid game. if you don't want to listen to a white girl whine about her life for a few hours then you probably gotta ~*~*DEAL WiTH iT~*~*~*tldr Americans Don't Take Their Shoes Off In The House Simulator 2013
,Recommended,232430,20979082,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,America Chavez is a massive gay,Just a lesbian scavenger hunt.
,Recommended,232430,23854994,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,brownone93,"If you want a good story, then this is a quick title to play. Emphasis on quick. It took about 2 hours to finish. I'm glad I got it on sale otherwise I would've been dissapointed with the price. It's a basic game with a good atmosphere. Though at first I was creeped out with the storm in the background and dark hallways. Not really replayable.8/10"
,Recommended,232430,25621944,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,andsoobvs,"I have nothing but spoilers.I have a friend whose 14-year-old got angry when she saw the PFLAG float at Pride this year because she felt that these parents were ""making it about them."" She's grown up in a zeitgeist in which she can take for granted that LGBT kids have widespread social support, without realizing that PFLAG exists because this hasn't always been the case, and without realizing that she has the good fortune to live in a part of the country where parents support their gay kids. This game is such an amazing summation of what it was like when I was in grade school and high school, the challenges me and my friends faced. I hope that LGBT kids play this. It's an artifact of our history, beautifully delivered."
,Recommended,232430,27642542,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Aríllae,Really lovely game with a cute story and nice environment. Definitely not a fast paced game but thoroughly delightful and enjoyable to play. It's a short game- my actual play time was more like 3 hours (and I'm slow).
,Recommended,232430,7453284,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Queenie,"gone home is.... intersetingi very much like the story it told as it really resonated with me personally, but it can be completed in about an hour and much like Dear Ester it isn't really a ""Game"" persay as you do little more than walk arround a house and listen to journalsif that sounds like your thing i'd say get it when it's half off or somethin'"
,Recommended,232430,8360150,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,LabRatGR,Really great story telling in a video game. Just hits all the right buttons. Highly recomended
,Not Recommended,232430,10778650,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,predictably,"Did you like collecting and listening to the tape recorders in Dead Space or Bioshock? Or the environmental cues in Portal?Now Imagine a 2 hour session of that with no puzzles or ""game"" aspects at all, and make the storyline more tv drama than suspense or mystery. Like cleaning up the mess after the Big Brother contestants have left."
,Recommended,232430,6657134,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,b★mi,"A very touching story, totally worth spending an evening on it."
,Recommended,232430,1509951,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Chevette,"I cannot recommend this game highly enough. I won't say anything about it, as that would spoil it, but it is unexpected, touching, engrossing, and amazing. Short, yes, but well worth playing."
,Recommended,232430,2642177,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,bartmoss,Awesome game so far - really nice design and mood.
76561198009430218,Recommended,232430,10588452,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,JacoRay,"Gone Home has an engrossing story that's mildly depressing.It's a short game, but worth the extra exploration of observing objects to gather an idea of what is going on with the protagonists' family and their personal lives. The central character that you gather info on is your sister, Sam, whom is supposed to be home, but is gone...home. Get it? She's gone from her home, that's why the game is called Gone Home; that, and the house is completely empty of human life, except for you, Katie, the elder sister/female protagonist.I do commend the writing and narrative that the developers took the time to flesh out. You get a proper character examination through finding documents, how your father is a struggling writer, your mother is a newly named Forest Conservationist, and promiscuous. And your sister shares a revelation that Katie probably knew about, but shares her emotional experience through the narration.The graphics are modest and humble as they're clearly not the centerpiece of the game, it's not drooling in high resolution textures or particles like Metro 2033, but the models and lighting and textures get the job done. The audio is near perfect, from the ambient soundtrack that plays at a minimal volume, to the harrowing narration, and the 90's grunge music played by some local Portland bands. Gameplay is about as simple as it gets, walk around and click on stuff. Really, you can pick up and examine coffee mugs and ask yourself ten seconds later, ""Why did I pick up that coffee mug? Is this a dream? No, this is what my life has become.""8.0/10"
76561197969007634,Recommended,232430,8423310,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,limitless626,Awesome game! Wish there was more. :(
76561198015382566,Recommended,232430,7463199,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Totino Pete,"Get this game while it's on sale, the ten dollars I spent on Gone Home were probably my best spent ten dollars.  Never before has a game captivated me in a way that this game has, the only downside is that I don't feel like there's enough of it.  A brilliant story told without any on-screen characters.  In a word, Gone home is superb.  The ending got me a bit teary eyed."
,Recommended,232430,1473163,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Ryanbomber,"It's a little linear and pretty short, but it's another fantastic example of telling a story through an interactive medium. If you're at all interested in that sort of thing (or the 90s) then I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,232430,23739696,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,...,"Short game, but takes a few playthroughs to encompass the entire story (assuming you aren't extremely meticulous the first time around).Otherwise, enjoyed the story (bit predictable), butwait for the sales.I got it for four dollars which is fair enough, but I can see why people would be outraged at the original price.Christmas Duck/10"
,Recommended,232430,131136,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Xutech,An amazing and voyeuristic storytelling game. Rifle through a house to uncover a series of revelations about your family.
,Recommended,232430,8027080,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Punished Venom Ski,"Gone Home is an excellent, High Culture video game with a great story that kept me playing. I wish it was a little longer and costed a little bit less, but the story had me entranced for the entire time."
,Recommended,232430,16482481,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Bokor,"I see people leaving reviews that are burnt by the 20 dollar pricing. This game is very short. I beat it in 1.5 hours after feeling like I've explored every nook and cranny of the house. Is it worth it at 20? I'm not sure. I paid 5 dollars and never felt burnt. If pricing wasn't an issue, I would recommend this game to any gamer without hesitation.In fact, Gone Home continues to be a game I recommend to people.I went into Gone Home knowing nothing of the story. The revelation is a pleasant surprise. Unfortunately, if you're reading these reviews you've probably had the story spoiled for you."
,Recommended,232430,5407513,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,LotusEcho,"This was not what I was expecting but still was a very touching, compelling, and open exploration game. The main story arc gave me all the feels."
76561198024877779,Recommended,232430,8048671,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Breeding,Great experience. I'd wait for it on sale as it is short.
,Recommended,232430,7473177,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Fuzzball,One of the most beautifully touching love stories I have ever seen.
76561198017494165,Recommended,232430,15518003,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Deus_Lysenko(年末前暂休),"It's really an amazing story about family and lesbian. And the way of playing this game is fresh to me. The game desigers build a very strange atomosphere but I like it,-------------------------------------------------------------------------Someone think it's not worth 19.99$, but if you really listen to the songs into this game , you will know why it's worth this price."
,Recommended,232430,7455610,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Synthorange,"The gameplay may be simple, but the story that unfolded had me gripped and I just had to know more, find out what happened. By the end, when I had the answers in sight... I was almost afraid to take the next step and see. But I'm glad I did, it was a great story."
,Recommended,232430,1089367,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Auntie Pasta [Olive Garden],Ugh why would I pay 20 dollars just to cry like a big emotional baby?
,Not Recommended,232430,19686961,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,HalestormX,I enjoyed the game but it was definitely not worth 20 DOLLARS. Ridiculous. I finished it in less than 2 hours.
,Recommended,232430,15102483,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,hitt.william,"This game represents a magnificent achievement. In most games that are advertised as possessing character-depth, I feel as though I'm just learning more details given to me by the writer. In Gone Home, I felt as though I was learning more about a real individual. The house contains so many details that make it feel ""lived in,"" which adds tremendously to the immersion. As a grown man, I often feel dismissive of the seemingly melodramatic lives of teenagers - however, Gone Home made that emotional world feel real for me again. The pain of exclusion, and the desire to be understood - this game deserves to be played."
76561197983550854,Recommended,232430,8268564,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Zamboni -  fotzepolitic,"Not a game, more an interactive experience about the same length as a movie.  You can interact with hundreds of items in this fairly large house which has numerous hidden things to uncover.  All the set pieces are great and the game taking place in the mid 90s plays homage to many things from that time.  Also the story is mainly told besides all the notes, etc that you can read through the voice of your sister Sam's journals.  It's a wonderful emotional tale that pulls you in, although i might be biased as i myself was a teenager in the mid 90's.  It's hard to call it an adventure game as there aren't really puzzles per se that don't rely exploration, still it is an adventure and a game I can whole heartedly recommend."
,Recommended,232430,8321465,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Target Bravo,"Over the past few years, the narrative value of video games has been explored and expanded upon. No longer just a medium of just action, scifi, and fantasy, video games have evolved to adapt themselves to any genre for storytelling. Dear Esther, Ana, and countless others have paved the way for a new kind of game.Gone Home takes that endeavor and drives it home. Like a scalpel in the hands of a veteran surgeon, it cuts deep into the player, and leaves a permanent impression. The ambience of the game is magnetic, drawing you in to a world that is not defined by dragons or laser guns, but by the kind of human interaction that defines us as individuals, the kind of interaction that creates a story that does not seek to thrill or shock, but simply to touch the heart.If you can finish this game without crying, you have no soul."
76561198008109819,Not Recommended,232430,8726684,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,OzoneGrif,"Boring... You visit a house to understand what happened, but it's not very well done."
,Recommended,232430,10820931,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,shapeup,"Wonderful story! One of those games that you can really sit down and play. It keeps you hooked on the story, that is not too long, but not too short. The games prevails at emersing you in a setting that is very believable and intense. You forget everything going on around you in real life. Great game overall! (Not for the faint of heart, pretty creepy game)"
76561198105352834,Recommended,232430,32975302,Posted: 28 June,all,devon.dale1,"A short, but artfully crafted interactive narrative.  There's something oddly satisfying about searching through a seemingly abandoned mansion, opening drawers and reading intimate notes all the while building an ersatz relationship with this family through learning their desires, their fears & their failures.  Though I must stress that this is certainly not a survival horror game, Gone Home borrows heavily from the survival horror genre - the narrative is told entirely through notes, artifacts and journal entries, similar to early Resident Evil games & there is an oppressive atmosphere that pervades the whole house and makes you dread the ineveitable final encounter: just what will I find in the attic?"
,Not Recommended,232430,8793332,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Cloud Atlas,"Nice concept with the setup of the atmosphere in a dark creepy house that you get to explore, but that's about it.  This is an overhyped diary that you play through.  The story is nothing to write home about either.  If you're gonna buy it, save your money for something better like Kentucky Route Zero.Anyone who overhyped it like they did, either got paid off to say those things or has never picked up an adventure or mystery game before.  I'm not bashing the developer, I have an issue with the game industry misleading people with reviews they seem to have pulled out of nowhere.And seriously, ""greatest video game love story every told""?  The New York Times?  Who wrote this?  You can find better love stories out there if you're a gamer, which I don't think the New York Times reviewer is.Don't listen to the hype, it's fake."
76561198116005433,Not Recommended,232430,9621740,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Queen Ninny,"Let me start by saying this isn't really a game, so it's not going to be for everyone.I have always been a big fan of games that focus more on the story and artistic expression so orignally this game really appealed to me. However, after playing it I just didnt feel as involved with the story and the characters as I would have liked. It was a bit boring to be honest.It took me about 2 hours to complete and currently it is priced at $20, so to me it's not really worth it to buy.Im glad I completed it but I wouldnt recommend buying it unless it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,232430,8613445,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,The_Tim,"The concept sounded interesting, but the bait-and-switch setting just ended up feeling manipulative.  The open-but-not-really-open layout of the exploration came across as a contrived way to force the plot to progress in order.  The plot was cliché and resolved in the least surprising way possible.  On the plus side it only took two hours to finish and that was with relatively exhaustive exploring."
,Not Recommended,232430,9536349,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Grrgee,"This game sounded great when I first heard about it, and every review I read from critics and gaming websites made it sound like it was the best thing ever. I should have read the player reviews first. I have never seen a game cause such a split between gamers and critics. Critics love it, and many players hate it. I am part of the latter.This ""game"" is part of that genre that has you walking around, either exploring or being told a story (i.e. Dear Esther, The Stanley Parable, and to some extent Outlast, Amnesia 1 &2, and Slender: The Arrival). The problem here is that all those other games worked for the most part (excluding Slender: The Arrival).Gone Home has you exploring, opening everything in every room of the house, reading everything and trying to piece together why you are the only one in the house. There is a storm outside, so the rain, lightning, and thunder that you see and hear, as well as the fact that the lights flicker on and off repeatedly make you feel uneasy. There are several ominous notes and letters you find that make you think there is something else going on, something that you wouldn't see coming.****SPOILERS****There is simply no pay off in the story. It is predictable to the point that you can figure out at least part of what is going on in the first room if you are paying attention. There are some things that are never explained, and this includes some things that are hinted at and built up throughout the entire game. It felt as if the game was purposely trying to make you think something huge was gonna happen once you finally got into the attic, just to get up there to a huge disappointment. And it just leaves a few things hanging, and that bugged me. The ideas were great but did not work at all. Even worse, to advance the story, you have to open and look at very specific items. If you overlook one, you are forced to figure out where it was. I looked through literally every room, nook, and cranny several times before I realized I had overlooked a folder that looked like a poster. That one item was what I needed to continue on. I don't mind exploring but making the required item so subtle and easy to overlook is just irritating.Overall, this had potential but was just horrible. And it definitely is not worth the price. If people want to play it and say it's great, that's fine, everyone has their own tastes, but I will be staying away from this thing."
,Recommended,232430,10873819,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Krazy Klaus,"Gone Home is not what you would call a game. It feels like the interactive movies from the 90ies, where you actually just move your character and everything else happens by itself. Here there are no movie bits, but a voice from the off that narrates the story as you find bits and pieces, letters, leaflets and other stuff around the house. The story itself is quite beautiful, you want to know what happened to Sam and Lonnie and you start to feel a lot of sympathy for Sam, who is rather misunderstood by her parents.Would I recommend the ""game""? Yes, definitely - although  have to say if I wouldn't have bought it in summer sale I'd feel I paid to much. The game is really short and has no replay value at all. Still - very nice two hours!"
,Recommended,232430,10854894,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Jacq,"Amazingly well-paced, considering it's basically an interactive novel. Voice acting and music are top-notch. You are experiencing a primary story with multiple supporting narratives throughout. One thing I really loved is that (virtually) everything in the game is still accessable at later points, so you can backtrack and ""replay"" or re-experience parts of the narrative. This is like flipping back to a favourite or poignant part of a novel. This is much more a literary experience than a ""game"" in that sense... though I'm sure all the reviews say that.Time to completion is 2 hours. There's probably some replayability - I think I missed a few things in Oscar's thread, for example - but I'm overall satisfied with the experience and probably won't play again for a long time. That said, the sale price is definitely worth it, and had I known how solid and enjoyable experience it was I would gladly have paid full price (equivalent to a movie admission, or cost of a good novel, which is what this experience most closely resembles)."
,Recommended,232430,8476263,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,heychrisfox,"Poignant, moving, and unfathomably gorgeous. Play this if you want to explore a house and be told a deeply brooding love story that will hit you in the feels."
,Recommended,232430,9283538,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Adylise,"Wow... Just wow... First of all, this is quite possibly the most atmoshperically 90's story ever created. Second of all, this is easily the most beautiful and personal feeling interactive story I've ever had the pleasure of playing. It's so hard to explain what makes this work so well without just telling you exactly what happens. You'll just have to experience it for yourself.I honestly could not stop crying and/or smiling through out this. The voice acting is SUPERB. I really mean it. It puts you right into the emotions of the characters and holds you there until long after you've finished the game and gone to sleep. 12/10 easily.Also, if you are a fan of the book, ""The Perks of Being a Wallflower"", than you will most certainly love this as well. P.S. Don't let the atmosphere spook you out, there's nothing to worry about. This is not a horror game."
76561198035002494,Not Recommended,232430,9591547,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,xxSniper0xx,"I'm writing this review while being torn as whether to recommend this game or not to anyone. I'll first say that this purchase was largely influenced by praise from IGN and a 50% sale. As for Gone Home itself, it's not really a game, so much as an interactive story. While the story is really good (a work of art, really), a single playthrough took me less than 3 hours to finish, and I took my time. Did I enjoy playing it? Yes. But this type of game has by nature no replayability. Do I think the price tag was worth it? No. For these reasons, I can't recommend it. But if you do for some reason buy it, you will want to get it on sale."
76561198035229461,Not Recommended,232430,8036174,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,masinger,Tedious and has outrageously high technical requirements for very little payback. It looks like Second Life but doesn't work as well.
,Recommended,232430,8440740,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,FifthReplicant,This game has such a fantastic narrative. One of my favorite games of 2013. I'm so glad there is a thriving market for non-traditional games like Gone Home.
76561198052511520,Not Recommended,232430,8610488,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,skunkle1776,"I kept waiting for something to jump out at me, or see something out of the corner of my eye, but nothing. I was very disappointed. Save your money."
,Not Recommended,232430,8613398,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Siege,"You walk around, read, and get narrated at. If you hated Dear Esther, you'll hate this. It tried very hard to tug at my hearstrings, and occassionally managed a pluck, but I cannot recommend this for the full price of $20. Pick it up for $5 or less if you really want a glimpse into the mind of a highschooler in the 90s for part of an afternoon."
76561198050094299,Not Recommended,232430,8615674,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Sicle_Mince,"I wanted to like this game because I had heard so many amazing things about it. However, I just could not enjoy it. I will admit the game has its moments here and there but for the most part it is underwhelming. The story is interesting to delve into at the start and I will say that I love games that take steps like this in storytelling because the story of games has generally been my favorite part in games, but most of the time I felt bored. It could be that I was a victim of overhype, which has happened before. It was also incredibly short, I managed to finish it in almost two hours and that is an accomplishment for someone like me who explores every nook and cranny in every game I play. That is why my biggest issue with this game is the gametime compared to the pricetag, the two do not seem to balance each other out. If someone is planning on playing this game, I would wait for a sale or for the price to drop, because $20 is way too much for this game."
76561197995309170,Not Recommended,232430,8624020,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,TK,The game has a total of 37 minutes of game play. It has no adventure aspects. You merely walk around a house and go where you are told to go. There are no puzzles just walking from point A to point B. The narrative which this game is lauded for was weak at best. It force emotion on you without developing any value for the characters. This game is a huge bust and not worth more than 5 dollars.
,Not Recommended,232430,8625615,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,jmkgamer1999,Short and was more of a guided visual novel
76561197993916698,Not Recommended,232430,9136531,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Love Fist Fury,"Initial suspensful atmosphere is intriguing for a while, falls apart when more of the actual story surfaces, taking the fun of the exploration with it. Incredibley gamey audio record placement (like Bioshock Infinite)."
76561198036484771,Not Recommended,232430,9149212,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,MadCicero,"This game is a hit and miss depending on the style of gaming you are interested in. To tell the truth, its more of a story rather than a game itself. Walking simulator, point and click and exploring is all that is offered for this to be considered a game. How it made PC Game Of The Year is beyond me and the fact that it was awarded PC GOTY, was all the reason for me to purchase this title and see what it had to offer. Comparing this title towards my taste of what I like in video games, all I have to comment is this...Pros:- The Eerie sounds of a thunder storm in the background complemented the gloomy atmosphere of the mansion- The lighting and ""creaking noises"" of the mansion was enough for me to keep playing and wanting to explore more- The zoom feature was quite nice and layout of the mansion was well done- Controls are extremely simple to manage (even a map is provided to find your way)- Walking motion was well done and is well deserved of the title of Walking simulatorCons:- Extremely short (2.8 hours and thats generous due to the fact I walked away from my pc a lot)- The Story was not to my liking but I really can't bash this due to the fact that the main character being female- Way to easy to find all items and to navigate so freely. (Maybe it was luck but I would find the keys before the lock doors)- No puzzles at all however due to the story line I can understand why- I don't understand how this won PC GOTY but I really don't know what the opposition had to contest this"
76561198033907373,Not Recommended,232430,9510185,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Staal,A bit shortlived...not really difficult so you barely take 2 hours to finish it
,Recommended,232430,9837405,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Percuriosa,"This game has a beautiful, heart-melting storyline. I actually almost cried during the last journal entry. At first, since everything was so quiet and no one is to be found, I thought that someone was going to jump out or scream, or that something else scary was going to happen. I was definitely wrong. I highly reccomend this game!"
76561198038316089,Not Recommended,232430,9141195,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,gunnar.maluf,"First my grade for this game would be 3/5Grafics: 3/5Sound: 2/5 -> No background music. Just the sound of rain and occasional thunder. HORRIBLE sound in the cassets.Fun: 3/5Controls/Interface: 4/5Gameplay: 2/5 -> Over in 3 hours.When I started playing it, I knew only it was a praised game and nothing about the story. I thought it would be a horror game at first, like Alone in the Dark. Then I realized there's no RUN in the game so this takes the fighting/fleeing out of the scene and I just relaxed and started thinking it would be a detective story. I kept playing waiting to find a body, or bodies and investigate the crime(s). Every room I searched for clues and kept finding journal's pages/notes and documents where the game's story unfolded itself. It's mainly a game about reading and paying attention to the enviroment to find other pages/notes/documents until the game is over. The most difficult thing you will have to do in this game is finding locker/safe combinations that are laying around.The game is a point and click adventure game, with a good story, but with no twist, puzzles or crime or anything thrilling to discover. If you can buy it for $3-5 bucks or less it's worthy taking a look at it otherwise I wouldn't buy it because it's a really short game and there are FAR better adventures games out there."
76561198064365638,Not Recommended,232430,9443942,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,THE GHOST WITH THE MOST,Good game but absolutely NOT worth 20 dollars. glad I got it on sale and even at $8 I think it should have been a beefier experience than it ends up delivering.
76561197975314612,Not Recommended,232430,9496475,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Khaos,"If you are looking for an adventure, This Is NOT Your Game.  If you are expecting any fun twists and turns, This Is NOT Your Game.  Its about as interesting as plucking nose hairs and takes about the same amount of time to complete.  Maybe our expectations were too high with the ""Game of the Year"" title in front of it, but honestly I cant say much of it in any way held our attention. The LGBT themes in the game are in my opinion the only thing that netted this game its award (which is pointless in video games anyway)...not for any visual or originality prowess. I was disappointed to say the least and the the bittersweet feeling I had at the end of the game came only from my horror at how bad this game was and how supprised and relieved I was that it was already over.  If you are looking for a good use of money to spend on a game, I promise looking elsewhere will be much more rewarding. This was a waste of time."
,Not Recommended,232430,9709940,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Hydra,"A complete and utter waste of time and money. For all the praise this game gets, you'd think it would at least be original or fun. This game is neither of those. It only delivers a creepy premise that it does absolutely nothing with. The story is generic and, for all that's been said about it, is very unremarkable. It's just a typical teenage love story. Nothing new or groundbreaking. And for a game so focused on its ""moving narrative"", it really makes the entire game a dull experience.If you enjoy walking around an empty house picking up clues and listening to a pretentious voice talk to you, then this game is for you. But if you actually like playing video games and having fun, don't waste your money.4/10"
,Not Recommended,232430,9758658,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,krollmus,"TLDR: I wish I had bought a better game.It had an interesting mystery, but the creepiness wore off about 30 minutes into the game, and it just became a bit of a chore. It has about 0 replayability, and it's just hard to recommend to anyone for 20 bucks. If it was a 5-dollar game, the <2 hour story might be worth it, but it's not worth $20. Not even close."
76561197963576554,Not Recommended,232430,9750458,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,sm4x,What the hell did I just play? How does this game even have such a high score? 3 hours of play time? Linear boring. I can walk around  my own house for 3 hours and save the $20.wow.
,Not Recommended,232430,8553056,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Kicks like an aborted baby,"When i buy a game, or a ""interactive story"" I expect to have fun, or get some enjoyment out of it, this game is 100% a piece of ♥♥♥♥, all this game is trying to do is promote homosexuality and it even fails at that, other games like Dear Esther actually had a story to tell, this was not a good story, if even one at all.The experience this ""game"" provides was not worth my 2 hours nor my 20 bucks, I just have to go to any highschool and I would have experianced the same story.This is not a game, this is not a good story, I want my money back, ♥♥♥♥ you."
,Not Recommended,232430,9507646,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Awkward Katalyst,"Gone Home is an extremely dull game.I love point and click adventures, but I hate this game.It feigns a horror aspect but doesn't deliver on it. What it does deliver is a whiny teenage love story and that just doesn't do it for me. Perhaps if it had puzzles like a normal point and click I would have at least enjoyed that bit of challenge, but no, as someone else said, it's more of an interactive story than a game.Some have said they at least appreciate the 90's flashback aspect - the music (which I didnt like either) and old electronics provide most of this, but I feel like it's just a disguised excuse as to why the girl you're playing can't just call her sister or parents via cell phone.For the Length of the game and lack of entertainment I would really like my money back. Maybe wait for a sale or price drop if you think you still might want to play because it is not worth $20."
,Recommended,232430,7463540,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Huskies xD,"I have to say I enjoyed the game! The story is classic but believable, although I have to say, I would have preferred a longer game. I think the RRP price for this game is to high, considering the length of the game. To sum up, definitely worth buying if you have a spare couple of pounds."
76561197969948149,Recommended,232430,8363846,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,BigEyeGuy,"I enjoyed the 2 hours i had with this game exploring the house and watching the story unfold, not a whole heaps to discover and no replay value, but still I thought it was a case of effective story telling with great soundtrack and atmosphere."
,Recommended,232430,3031756,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Frag ♥,A touching and emotional game where you have to explore the environment and find all the answers your questions. Piece together the mysteries from notes and other clues. Discover the story of the Greenbriar family. Dig deeper. Go home.
76561198116734031,Recommended,232430,32756145,Posted: 24 June,all,SourWaffles,"I think it is really cool that games like this exist. It might not have intense gamelay and mechanics, but it was a beatiful experience strory and art wise and that's what it was supposed to be. Games like this prove you don't need hardcore action and super complex puzzles to make a good game, sometimes you just want to relax and enjoy a beatiful story and that's what they delivered. So congrats to everyone who worked on this game, I hope we will see more in the future. I wish we had achievements though"
,Recommended,232430,1449183,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Xevo,"If you are at all interested in gaming narratives that actually work and enjoy exploring a realistic space, then Gone Home is the game for you. While there are many spooky elements and horror game fakeouts (just watch out for the ghost, Idle Thumbs already wanred you!), this is really a love story that unfolds through the letters written by your sister through voice over narration. Take your time and savor the envornment as you will get more story and history revealed to you if you carefully inspect your surroundings."
,Recommended,232430,1166923,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,TandyQ,"Without question one of the most touching, industry-changing games of 2013. Gone Home is a lesson in storytelling influencing gameplay, not the other way around. The layers that this game contains are meaningful and human and more real than I could ever describe. If you like games, you should play this one. If you don't like games, I don't know why you're reading this Steam recommendation, but you should still experience what is being presented here."
,Not Recommended,232430,9139836,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,chasesssapulpa,"Was disappointed, more of an interactive story than a proper game. No challenge at all besides listening to the awful music. The visuals and atmosphere were immersive, however they were out weighed by a cliche lesbian love story, and that the things I found interesting were not explained fully. I was under the impression the game was going to paint a much darker scene but it was kept fairly light hearted. Was not at all what I expected. Do not recommend."
76561198025774959,Not Recommended,232430,9110336,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,TKBuffalo,Not what I thought
,Recommended,232430,8331705,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,leader of antifa,buy this because it's good but also to♥♥♥♥♥♥off crybaby nerds who need their protags to be white and scruffy
76561198114895578,Recommended,232430,8682213,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Emil lm,"Great game, love it. I recommend at least a second playthrough with the developer commentaries.- Emil"
76561198021133960,Recommended,232430,9351841,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,jazzthehippy,"This game is a brief casual explorative experience, based around examining the contents of a household in first person. Emotional dialogue lines, expressed as if read from a diary, tell a short narrative about the life and love of a young girl. Initially the game felt very eerie and mysterious, but as the plot is unwoven it becomes heartfelt and compelling; with just a few creepy touches. A casual and minimalistic game that is short and sweet. The Grrrl Punk mixtapes are also excellent."
,Recommended,232430,32790220,Posted: 25 June,all,Silent Otto,"Yet another of those 'walking simulators', and again a story which has garnered rave reviews.  I played it some time back and completed it so after writing the review for 'what remains of Edith Finch' I thought that I would return to this game. The game is very well produced and the art work is very good - there is a story which you need to piece together and some very elementary puzzles but its very linear and dont play this for shock moments.  The story is thought provoking and I think its subject matter is why it got so many plaudits, it raises a senistive issue and deals with it in an adult way.  I would say though that possibly if your looking for an eerie jump scare game - you'll be disappointed.Its a short game and again its one of those that when youve completed it, you'll probably unistall it and not bother with it again.  It is  a game though that people will refer to  as a 'classic' and genre defining and if you have played it and completed it, you can quickly put together a valid argument of style over substance and ask them what makes it a real standout game.  It is somewhat overhyped - but still worth a couple of hours of your time,"
76561198096474785,Recommended,232430,32846574,Posted: 27 June,all,Anthony_258,"I absolutely adored this game. It has such an interesting story which is so well told in such a short time space (the game only takes 3-4 hours to complete). Despite the short story length, it is definitely worth playing and this should not turn people off from buying this masterpiece."
76561198001219635,Recommended,232430,13751952,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Comrade Marx,"Great game, chilling and exciting gameplay. Short, and a little pricey, but a great game."
,Recommended,232430,8380911,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,I'm A Barefoot Cop,Full House was listed on the TV Guide.  Seems like a win in my book.  Too bad they didnt circle to watch it.  I shouted at the screen then I remembered they weren't me.  10/10 would game again.
,Recommended,232430,23824000,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Furueisho Peicho,"Know what you're in for.Don't make an uninformed purchase.It is only as good as you make it. If you wanna be disappointed by setting the bar very high, you will be.I'm surprised how immersive Gone Home was for me. The design of the world and its objects are very cohesive. Everythings looks handmade. There is very few digital text. It's like an exhibition, an examinable time capsule of the mid 90s.The house is an evidence orgy. It is a little unbelieveable how many notes and documents are lying around everywhere. Some are okay, but this many is absurd. And the pieces do not always give much room for interpretation. It's a little too on-your-nose as if they were afraid the player wouldn't get it or wasn't very curious. The places where certain pieces are, that correspond to one another, are also a little contrived. It doesn't feel natural, as if this was a scavanger hunt. Basically it is. The developers set this up to guide you along a so-so determined path. The farthest rooms are to be visited last. It would be best to proceed systematically and examine every room throughly. Then you have to do very little backtracking.It wouldn't be as satisfying and conclusive if the world was more organic. In that case you would have to interrupt your experience yourself when you had enough. Gone Home managed to create a story arc with a logical end.I advice you to turn up the brightness. You don't wanna enter a dark corridor without knowing where the light switch is unless you want to be annoyed.Also, the low camera sensitiveness on the gamepad is unacceptable, even when set to max. Be forgiving with that or play with mouse & keyboard."
,Recommended,232430,25698290,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,eyebrows,"It's great (if you're not put off by walking simulators) but it's *very* short - Steam's telling me I've clocked 3.7 hours, which I did in a single sitting, checking *everything* and backtracing my steps numerous times to make sure I'd left nothing uncovered, and that consequences would never be the same. So 3.7 hours is a pretty generous maximum. Thus: perhaps wait for the sale before getting this, as at £14.99, it's steep. And may not be to your liking. It's very well crafted though."
,Not Recommended,232430,21479807,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ShXIII,What a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Such wasted potential. I think it was directed by m night
,Not Recommended,232430,21491407,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Sweaty Italian Hands™,"I was really excited to play this game! It was a lot of fun at first, but for a game that lasts six hours, that's not a huge plus. After the first couple hours, the point-and-click playing was a lot more boring. The only reason I didn't quit was because I didn't want to leave a game half-finished. The plot is pretty mediocre, and that's coming from someone in the LGBTQ community. Altogether, I wasn't impressed with anything but the atmosphere and ocassional detail."
76561197961489930,Not Recommended,232430,9188480,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Bondo,"Glad I got it on sale.  Didn't live up to all the good press it got.  Maybe if I was younger and hadn't heard story lines like this so many times before.  Wasn't really anything to discover it was just go through, click and read."
76561197978638816,Not Recommended,232430,9226442,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Smith,"Out of all the games I've bought from Steam, this is the only one where I want my money back. No suprise that all the ""Critics"" give it high marks and all the players downrate it. I don't mind narrative storytelling, I just wish the game had a story to tell."
,Not Recommended,232430,9944581,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,[☯ The HORAnator(DOS)☯],"Well, I wish I could say I liked this game.  However, the asking price of 20 dollars seems steep for a game that is only about an 1 hour long, and even shorter if you ignore the entries and such (I got it on sale at 10, but I still feel the same).  While I thought the story was okay, it does not make the gap from gameplay to price.  While the narrative has a somewhat interesting approach, I feel like you could do most of this on gmod with slightly less quality.  I think the worst part is that there is clearly some well thought intentions in the game, but it doesn't work since the game is so short.  Gameplay wise, there is nothing other than exploration with some easy puzzles.  Also, I have had games with fast paced action with less strain on my system, which is strange, because there is very little going on in this game.idk, was ok 10/10"
76561197963349861,Not Recommended,232430,10651349,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Pixel Dude,"Wasted my money and time on this DEMO..  I saw a review by adam sessler, and this was one of his TOP games of the year, the guy sounds like he knows games pretty well.  So.. I thought there must be something interesting about it as a result and just decided to check it out since it was on sale.  I'll NEVER blindly trust that guy again, let me just say I should have done a bit more review on this.  This was probably the dumbest and most pointless experience I've had to date with games on steam.   I found nothing interesting or even redeeming about the 'experience' at all.  This game has value for a very small group of specific people I think, specifically lesbian feminists stuck in 1995?  I don't even know who it is really for..   Now I just want to be clear, I'm not against games created by and for women as well as transgendered and gays, so a game like this does have a place in the world.  It just didn't do anything for me, and I felt like I wasted my money and time.  The only thing I am happy about in the end is that I didn't pay full price for this DEMO of a game which is not even a game."
76561197969459389,Not Recommended,232430,9156705,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,wasabi1787,Not even a game. Don't waste your money
,Not Recommended,232430,10069865,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,CasualMark,"I don't know whether to praise thise game or hate it.  I mean, i spent $20 on it today and already beat it.  I'm sure in a writing sense, it's brilliant.  But to charge people that much for a book that would make more sense WRITTEN than experienced in a game, I feel a bit cheated. And it sucks because i had such high hopes for it..."
76561197969515735,Not Recommended,232430,10635780,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,NickMuadDib,.
,Not Recommended,232430,10635126,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,[PWRYGA]Hamster,"Sorry, but for me the game is a big disappointment. Sure it has some nice 90s Stuff (Music) in it, but the storytelling is lame - so is the verdict. There are one or two moments in which you might possible feel a slight breeze of excitement. But that's pretty much everything you can expect. Not recommended."
76561197977835915,Not Recommended,232430,10680726,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Slippy Toad,garbage game
,Not Recommended,232430,10986178,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Karellia,"Another point-and-click storytelling game. I'm a huge fan of this genre, though it repeatedly seems to be not worth the money.Gone Home creates a truly believable world and realistic characters. However, the manner in which the story is told is frustratingly obvious. The first time you are given clues about certain aspects of a character's personality or problems they are facing, it is interesting to guess the subtleties of their individual situations. But any fun derived from figuring out these mysteries is shortly ruined by being bombarded with obvious hint after obvious hint until finally, you are basically slapped in the face with the all-too-obvious truth. This made me feel like it was further simplifying the story, which was already far too short and simple in my opinion.The game mechanics themselves are also a bit flawed. Almost every cabinet and drawer door is able to be opened, and there are lots of cloned objects that serve no purpose but to get in the way of certain objects that are actually important to the story. It says I have logged 2.5 hours on this game but a good 45 minutes of that was probably wasted on picking up rolls of toilet paper just to see if there was a key hidden underneath them.The graphics and objects were fairly glitchy even when I turned my graphics on maximum settings.In terms of sound, the background noises were too repetitive. The first time certain noises like thunder happened, it took me by surprise, but eventually I wanted more variety. The random cassette tapes you can play are a fun addition, but the sound was not balanced properly and the music plays WAY too loudly, to the point where I had to keep adjusting the volume every time I even saw a cassette player as I entered a room.Overall, I would say this game is worth the $2.99 I spent during the summer sale, but paying more than $5 for this would be unwise. It will last you only about 2 hours even if you take a long time and pore over every detail. I guess it's still a relatively ""indie"" genre and can't be compared to much else, which explains why some critics loved it. While I can't say I completely hated it, the game was too frustrating in too many ways to make it a truly enjoyable experience."
,Not Recommended,232430,8721549,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,ServBot1025,"I only played the game for about 25 minutes, and put together the entire story in my head. Its so painfully obvious. It looks very good, and the sound direction is also very good. But the cornerstone of this game is its story, and it fails miserablly."
,Not Recommended,232430,8755749,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,WyrdFate,"So I keep seeing this on game of the year lists, and I found myself curious.  When the Christmas Steam sale rolled around it was on there, so I went for it.  I feel like I regret it, but I'm not sure.There is just very little to this experience.  I spent the whole game waiting for something to happen.  That is not to say that I was bored, but rather that it always felt like something interesting was about to happen.  There is this powerful supernatural atmosphere and you find yourself running to the various light switches and pull strings trying to get away from whatever lurks in the dark.  Ultimately, this is no more well founded that it is in real life.  Then the game ended.  I mean, less than 2 hours into it, it was over.I think calling it a game is acceptable and I wouldn't say that playing it was a bad experience. The atmosphere is cool and the flashback stuff was a bit of a nostalgia rush.  I woud say that it is a bad game in that there is no real pay off for the time invested.  It just ends.  Bottom line, if you can find this for 75% off in a sale or at a similar price, it is a pretty solid experience.  At $20, you are wasting your money."
76561197974036965,Not Recommended,232430,8279478,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ashakura,"Would buy as a game for a couple of pounds, but far too short, the story was terribly uninspired and predictable, graphics were OK. I would feel horrendously ripped off paying any more. Other games have taken the explore theme and made something far better, try ""Esther""."
,Not Recommended,232430,8182563,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Brooke-chan,"Weak, uninspired and cliche story, grating soundtrack and mediocre visuals. Only worth the price of admission if you're looking for a 90's nostalgia trip. Even then, wait until this game is heavily discounted as it only worth a small fraction of its list price."
76561198031541389,Not Recommended,232430,4065948,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,01001000 01001001,"It's a drama, not very exciting, a little interesting but falls short of its aspirations.  Worth $5, not Twenty."
,Not Recommended,232430,7839387,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,w3dd1e,"Took me an 1.5 hours to beat.  Yes, I clicked on everything.. Absolutely NO replay value.  Should be called an interactive story, not a game."
,Not Recommended,232430,7824761,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Calydon,"Gone Home is an interesting experience. I say experience because there are no puzzles or action of any kind, it's more an interactive story or a very simple point-and-click adventure. The design and atmosphere are quite nice and the voice acting is also great, but the core of the game - the story - just doesn't hold up once you've reached the end.The entire story is told through what could be called ""audio logs"", or in this case, diary entries. While this does help move the story forward as you explore the house, it ends up being a disservice to the game when it wraps up the main story line. The main story has a very small arc and the other sub-narratives that you discover over time never really get completed. This game feels like chapter 1 to a larger story.The experience can be completed in about 60 - 80 minutes, even when going slowly and trying to discover everything. What you’re left with is a “that’s it”? feeling when the credits begin to roll. The hyperbole from critics about how amazing this game is are a little suspect, I imagine it’s because of the main theme’s subject matter. Overall, it was a fun hour or so - but not something I would want to spend any more that $5 to enjoy."
76561198118045469,Not Recommended,232430,8060286,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,gt500,I feel like I waisted $20.00. This game should have been at least $5 because it only took an hour to beat. There is not replay value and I did not enjoy the story line.
,Not Recommended,232430,8071180,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Pepe Silvia,If you take all of the story out it's a pretty good game.
,Recommended,232430,8115694,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,pwyliu,"Warm and funny, sweet and then bittersweet, completely engrossing. There are no puzzles, no monsters, and you don't cut anybody in half with a chainsaw that is also a gun. There is nothing to beat. There is just a story about a girl and her family and it's filled with life and heart and soul and meaning. Gone Home hits you right in the gut."
76561198039149351,Not Recommended,232430,8122917,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Pink,"when i bought this game i expected something completely different. I mean the animation in the game looks good, i just didnt like the story line. if it was different story i think i would of enjoyed it."
,Not Recommended,232430,8128313,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Siae,"When I first heard of Gone Home it got my attention very easily. I love exploration/story based games, and the level of detail gave it a definite appeal to me. So a few weeks later I bought it and played it.Almost right from the start the game creates a dark atmosphere and sets the game up to be an interesting horror story. Unfortunately though, this isnt a horror game. The graphics, and audio aspects are great and overall the game runs smoothly. The gameplay is very minimal; only moving and interacting with objects.The real aspect of the game comes from the journal entries you find after interacting with certain objects. Like I said earlier the story at first appears to be horror themed, but about half way through the story becomes very easy to figure out and for me was a very big let down. Maybe they were trying to avoid horror cliches by going in another direction. But in doing so they follwed several other cliches that you would expect to see on a soap opera. Though in the end, despite my opinions of the way they took the story I have to admit it was rather well written.I only have a few remaining comments. There really isn't any replay value and in addition with it's current base price of $20 I would not recommend Gone Home. It was a game that had so much potential that ultimately fell short of being a truly memorable experience."
,Not Recommended,232430,8147253,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Privacyadvocate,After hearing accolades from the media and finally from a acquaintance;  I thought I'd give this indie game a go.  It was not up to expectations; in the matter of fact it's tedious more then anything.  There is a smaller crowd of folks that enjoy this type of interactive experience; being different is appreciated but this title did not stand out to me unforunately.
,Recommended,232430,8469621,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Cheerylixilis,Excellent story. I wasn't fully able to know what to expect before I played it. Excellent feel to the home and I loved the story over all. Even if it was a little predictable at points if you found some things before their time. Which rarely happened to me.
,Recommended,232430,8545640,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,ImThatGuyBen,"I came into Gone Home in the wrong state of mind. I was expecting a creepy little indie adventure game. I got way more than I bargained for. There is a somewhat creepy atmosphere due to the vast emptyness of it all but do not buy this game for cheap jump scares. Buy this game for an extremely engaging story that treats you like an adult. It does not spoon feed you the story in any way shape or form. You are given a little background info and then you are thrust into an enourmous empty house with no obvious objectives. This game is not for everyone but I can honestly say this game will stick with me for quite some time in a good way. If you have no expectations other than full emersion, get ready for a truly fantastic experiance."
,Not Recommended,232430,9127846,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Snakebite6x6x6,"A ""story"" you can figure out within 10 minutes.No gameplay to speak of.Basically this ""game"" is overrated garbage, do yourself a favor and avoid it at all costs....It's not worth the 4 dollars I paid for it on steam sale...let alone the 20 bucks they ask."
,Not Recommended,232430,9277901,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Lacool,"I can't believe I didn't already write this, so I have to get it out of my system.This game is well made but, as many say, highly focused on narrative with very little in terms of traditional gameplay.That's ok, it's still very much more a game than something like 'The 39 Steps' or a visual novel.For a game focused entirely on allowing the player to develop the narrative, I wish the narrative had been a little more developed. Your sister fell in love with another girl classmate and, feeling dejected, they ran away together. That's where the story ends. The details of your sister's process of realizing her feelings and becoming frustrated are fleshed out through diary entries and the like.I wish those log entries - which make up the game's story - had grabbed me a little more. As it is they feel like a rather bubbly and cliched impersonation of high school romance. If these parts had been brilliant instead of just passble, it might have worked a lot better. I don't mean to sound harsh, but when your entire game is moving through a house and reading scraps of paper, then one or both of those parts should be excellent.As it is, those parts feel polished and workable, but there just isn't much there. This feels like chapter one of a ten part story. The romantic plot is sweet, but not exactly literature. Don't play this game unless you're sure you want to pay for an  exploration game formed around basic character development. Even then, it might come across as a little boring."
,Recommended,232430,9709925,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Kisha Pawpad,"Gone Home is an amazing little game, that's sure to touch everyone's heart. How much it's stirring up the emotions is completely dependant on your personality. The story quickly drives into a rather specific theme, which I'll not spoil, but it contains a warm heartfelt story. To clear up something else regarding the game; it's not a scary game. It's somewhat eerie and personally I've been taking a deep breath when I opened a squeeky door and entered an unlit room..While it's a remarkable little story which I would recommend to anyone.. it's also rather short. Expect to complete this game within two hours and have no replay value. It helps to explore and read everything, but it doesn't change a whole lot regarding the duration.Note: there's a bit more to discover than just the ""main story"" ..So, that leaves only one conclusion. Should you try this game? YesShould you pay anything more than 10$ at most? No.I highly suggest getting this game when it's on at least a 50% sale."
,Not Recommended,232430,11227817,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Jitters,Overrated.
,Not Recommended,232430,9109256,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Sora,"I would recommend this only if it was on sale. It is a nice little story but the atmosphere and clues led to a build-up of something that didn't exist. I reached the end and upon getting to a scene where I'd expect to get answers I got a fade to credits. I kept expecting supernatural stuff, or more drama, or anything, really, to happen, to make it worth all the hunting around and tossing about of empty 3-ring binders but alas! However, I do give them kudos for the story - a story that is rarely told in most games."
,Not Recommended,232430,8438466,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,robSheeps,"On a recommendation from my brother, I tried this game out.  It's more a interactive story than it is a game.  I hoping for some puzzles or something to keep me entertained.If you really want to play this game wait until it goes on sale for $5 or less."
,Recommended,232430,20898832,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Laneford,"Great little game, tugs at heartstrings and misplaced nostalgia for mid 90s grunge mixtapes, handrawn 'zines and homemade badges."
76561198350436757,Recommended,232430,32711470,Posted: 23 June,all,Anas platyrhynchos,This is a really immersive story with character that actually make you feel with just some text and audio recording and hits with the feels train. (Choo! Choo!) I advise you go in with minimal knowledge and don't look up any thing like walkthough or the puzzle anwsers.And most 0f all explore everything to make sure you get the whole story.
,Recommended,232430,14229374,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,pataliz0r,Amazing experience. Excellent writing and game design.
76561198031955765,Not Recommended,232430,9124865,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Clone number11747,THIS GAME SUCK BALLS!!!!! It takes no time to complete it and the gameplay is borring as hell!!!! And the story which is supossed to be intristing is ♥♥♥♥ing borring.
76561197999251150,Not Recommended,232430,9132137,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,gerok,"This game is not worth your time. I am not sure why all this talk about game of the year.  If you want to feel a sense of nostalgia, just read a nes or snes instruction manual and save your money."
76561198053696079,Recommended,232430,16823073,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,The Cute One,"I definitely wouldn't pay the full $20 for this, but this was a nice story.   A bit short, but with lots of little nuances."
,Recommended,232430,16820080,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,GasMask,A very very beautiful story. It's all i can say without spoiling.
,Not Recommended,232430,9761937,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,TheUberBoss,"Don't let the thumbs-down misguide you, this is a decent game and an encouraging burst of fresh air even among indie titles. But 'Gone Home' just doesn't deserve your $19.99. I finished the base game in a little under two hours and after that there's next to no playability. Get it on sale or don't get it at all."
,Recommended,232430,21648053,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Thankz,I don't know about you but I feeling 80's .
,Recommended,232430,7456847,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Lawie,Discover a personal & emotional family story which make you want to know more about the family who live in the house. Explore the house and find it's secrets.
,Recommended,232430,7454659,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,ErbanVision,"9.2/10 Verdict: One hell of a game, the best one hour experience i have had this year!!!!!!"
,Recommended,232430,421724,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Whymog,"Gone Home is an honest, affecting, personal story that couldn't have been told better in any other medium. If you're interested in seeing some expert and restrained storytelling technique in a real and believable setting, this game is essential. And if you grew up in Oregon in the '90s, you need to play this game as soon as possible."
,Not Recommended,232430,19800429,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,MK Ultra,"Waste of time and money.""Gone Home"" is another attempt (of many) to promote some incredibly boring mainstream academic cultural message by means of atmospheric romaticism. The game begins vague and heavily atmosphereic, one that leaves the player on the edge of their seat and seeking answers for the situation they are subjected to. The curiosity of the average player leaves them on their toes, paying close mind to details, memorizing clues. What's the mystery? What's the revelation?Surprise! It's another boring egalitarianist victim simulator. Snore.It's a general waste of effort; Building up atmosphere to create some sociology-major sob story. Avoid or prepare for painful eyerolling."
,Recommended,232430,32517041,Posted: 17 June,all,IcyCyborg,Awesome story and graphics about the life of a normal person of the 90s revisiting their past.
,Recommended,232430,32525363,Posted: 17 June,all,Goatmeal,"Short and swee walking simulator that rewards exploration and has interesting writing, both through context clues and explicit journals. Woth picking up on sale."
76561198105453972,Recommended,232430,33376597,Posted: 8 July,all,M,"Can be creepy at times but overall it's a good game, sadly it can be easily finished in a few hours and has low replay value. Imo it's not worth getting this for the full price, I can only recommend buying this game only if discounted."
76561198162728907,Recommended,232430,32634752,Posted: 21 June,all,general_chris4,Interesting story and doesn't take long to play at all. Would recommend!
76561198003386456,Not Recommended,232430,16781588,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,jonnylmnop,"In all, the experiance was awesome, the fear of something jumping in your face, or seeing somebody walk in the corridor as you turn your head would of completely freaked me out. But...... As usual, the game is botched and too short. If i would of payed 20$ for this game, i would of been completely frustrated. Even to the point that i would largely consider buying or not another indie game. But.... Since i paid this half piece of crap 2.00$, i kinda still feel ripped off but a lot less. This has happened several times on Steam and i am very careful how i spend my money with this kind of cheap developer testing crap funded by poor innocent people who just want to play games (LIKE IN THE 90'S, FOR REAL)"
76561197970720161,Recommended,232430,11099164,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Game_Dude,"So far its a pretty good exploration game, or ""walking simulator"". There is not much else to do than walk around and interact with objects, but this one really isn't about gameplay. It's about story telling, and it does that part really well. It is pretty short but timed well and doesn't need to be longer. The price is too high in my opinion. Get it when its about 5 dollars/euros."
,Recommended,232430,32902888,Posted: 27 June,all,Anukis,"No major spoilers, but if you are a chicken sh!t like me & aren't sure if you can play this, no worries, it's possible: this game is honestly not a scary game. The story line was well done, this is really more of a walking novel rather than adventure game. I bought on Steam Summer Sale & would recommend buying on sale. It's super laid back & very easy to get through although in my fairly detailed play through (see pick up ever possible object) there was still 1 safe I didn't open & honestly kind of forgot about until the very end of the game... May have to replay just for that one gd safe...Finished the game (- 1 safe) in 90 minutes."
,Recommended,232430,32861974,Posted: 27 June,all,Zahl - Kanji - Haxzl,"Overrated. I mean the game is good and very unique but if you don't get it on sale, it's not worth it. I still recommend the game if you want a single player mystery experience but only if it's not full price.."
,Recommended,232430,8484941,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Sei,"This is an amazingly entertaining game. I ended up feeling rather immersed as I wandered through the house, rifling through drawers, and digging into this family's life. It even feels a little creepy at times.Highly recommended for those who enjoy immersive experiences and storytelling."
76561198015069283,Recommended,232430,18877792,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Rhaiah,"Gone Home tells a beautiful and thoughtful story through exploration and discovery. The story will develop as you explore the house and interact with items, and the level of depth and immersion associated with these interactions is genuine and thought-provoking. Also, Gone Home is not a horror game, though it is eerie at times.$20.00 is a high price to pay for an experience that will last two or three hours depending on your thoroughness. If you are willing to pay $20.00 for an unforgettable experience, please consider adding Gone Home to your collection. Otherwise, I would highly encourage you to wait for a sale.This game deserves your time, so give it a try!"
76561198040234830,Not Recommended,232430,25574427,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Old School Gamer,"For the love of all what's holy, don't pay 20 EUR/USD for this game."
76561197998825270,Not Recommended,232430,8836319,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,The Dorf,"The pitch for Gone Home is that you’re a college aged kid coming home from a long study abroad trip. It’s the early 90s, before cell phones or the internet, so your only recent communication with your family has been mainly letters and postcards. When you arrive home, your house is empty and your family is missing, so you have to explore the house for clues as to where they may be. When I heard this pitch, I was super excited to play the game because it sounded narrative focused, which I always like, and it was also interesting to me to design a game purely around the mechanic of searching a house. Unfortunately, I was a bit dissapointed in the execution of this mechanic after playing the game.My main disappointment with this game is that, every time you find a clue as to where your family is, the game starts a voice over clip and spells out to you exactly what the game wants you to know after discovering the clue. I think it would have been way more powerful to let the player examine each object and determine for themselves whether the object is relevant to the story and let the player construct the narrative for themselves. I think it would give a sense of discovery and accomplishment that isn't really present in the game as it stands now. You kind of click through each object in each room until you find one that triggers an audio clip, and then just repeat the process for each room. The developers could have still saved the audio clips for the end of the game for a bigger impact. Right now, when the player reaches the end of the game, it just kind of ends unceremoniously and awkwardly.It’s a bit difficult to talk about this game without spoiling anything, but people who have already played this game should know what I mean. I’m a bit torn on Gone Home because I recognize that it’s a very important and progressive game, but at the same time I feel that there are a lot of execution flaws with this game. Gone Home is starting to get a lot of attention and win some awards, which is all good, but I feel like some of the love this game is getting has to do with the subject matter in the game and not necessarily the game itself. Again, people who have already played this game will know what I mean.The writing in the game is mostly solid for a video game, but that unfortunately doesn't say much. But there were a few gripes I had with the storytelling. It’s probably pretty hard to write solid and well defined characters around the mechanic of discovering objects in a house, but I found that I never got a really good sense of the player’s parent’s characters. They felt flat and undeveloped. Maybe this was on purpose, but I think it would have helped the overall narrative to flesh out these characters a bit more.As negative as I sound about this game, I would still recommend this to people who like narrative focused games. Just be aware that it’s very short; I finished it in one sitting. It’s also a very personal and intimate game from a storytelling point of view, so don’t expect something light or humorous or action packed. Your enjoyment of this game will probably depend on how much this game “works” for you. I don’t think this game really “worked” for me, but I really hope more games like Gone Home get made soon, if that makes any senseFor more game reviews, check outhttp://whatisjamesplaying.blogspot.com/"
,Not Recommended,232430,8838238,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Luna,"So... Gone Home. Heard about probably 20 times over the past six months and finally got a chance to play it through. Now, outside of gameplay --which is just your average, run-of-the-mill narrative-game gameplay-- the story, which is supposedly (it's a Narrative Game... it has to be) the driving force behind this title, it is... lackluster. Without spoiling the ending for anyone, I have to note there are two sub-plots left almost completely unanswered; one of which could have been entirely left ouf of the game without losing any appeal or atmosphere as it had absolutely nothing to do with anything and didn't hold its own very well. I was also confused by the MAIN story and or plot. What exactly was the point behind all of this? Well, no one really knows. I'll tell you one thing, though, you should play this game if for no other reason than how perfectly it captures the 90s. The ""dreary-emptiness,"" grundge, the stereotypes and prejudices, the kind of ""everyone's family has these problems"" issues it handled (or rather, didn't really handle) and the main one; how none of us seemed to have a purpose or know what the hell we were doing with our lives. I don't mean to knock the game entirely, though, it was immersive (especially being set 18 years ago) but its plot was all over the place. A lot of senseless rabbit trails that took you nowhere and did nothing to progress the main plot. I have to say, I was very surprised and a bit disappointed after all of the praise this game got over the course of last year, to find it falling so short of said praise. But alas, what are you gonna do, right? Spend your time -and money- on something else."
,Not Recommended,232430,7490779,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,12Gage,I payed $10 for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥No.
76561198068404776,Recommended,232430,25631121,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,audiblescholar,"The regular price is steep for the amount of content you get, but if you manage to find this on sale (and avoid spoilers) you're in for a subversive experience that draws you in if you're open to it."
,Recommended,232430,8652123,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Godzooky III,"if you are a fan of throwing pens and books accross a empty home then this is the game for you. also it is one of the few games that lets you open a refrigirator AND a freezer! also there is a subplot about your sister and liking beavers, but the main focus of this game is how to properly invade a home and brown nose."
76561198048123464,Recommended,232430,23855734,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Bee Hive Keeper,"One of the most interesting story driven game that I've ever played.It's far more interesting than how it first apears. my friends recomended it a long time ago and after finally having played it, I regret that I haven't played it sooner. Do play it."
76561197999522648,Recommended,232430,21408747,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Nebic,"One word Review: Overpriced.Without spoiling the plot, I can say that Gone Home is a very unconventional, and unorthodox walking simulator. It's not likely that you've ever played another game like this, and while you might have your own assumptions of what to expect, Gone Home will likely fool you with it’s misdirection.What the Fullbright Company has managed to do with the Unity engine is quite impressive, creating a mansion where virtually everything can be picked up, inspected, read, or examined, even if it's completely irrelevant to the story. The deluge of seemingly insignificant items may fluster you into thinking you've missed something useful, but trust me, you haven't.The game's atmosphere is mostly horror based, although I'm tempted to reuse the word: misdirection. The downpour of rain, accompanied by thunder and flickering lights creates a very tense, suspenseful abience. Played at night, with a headset, and you’ll find yourself jumping at shadows and fearing the dark.When it comes to the story itself, Gone Home is very short, allowing for just over an hour of gameplay, possibly two if you take your time. For this reason, I highly recommend you buy the game on sale, just to avoid being burned.For what the game offers, and the experience as a whole, I enjoyed it. I just don't agree with the twenty dollar price tag."
76561198087618137,Recommended,232430,35253430,Posted: 27 September,all,Dr.Freeze,"Took me longer than i would like to admit to play this game but almost 3 years later i decide to play it. and afterwards i want to kick myself in the butt for not doing so earlier. great game with a very compelling story. I highly recommend this game to everyone as long as you get it on sale, $14.99 is a bit steep for such a short game."
76561198043134753,Not Recommended,232430,11400667,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,bam bam,"When I first heard of this game, I was extremley excited. I had heard great things about how well the story was put together and how the character development really sucks you in. After completing it, I was really disapointed. The game tells stories through picking up items and then a magical audio book plays where another character in the game tells a story. Now thats cool and all but Gone Home is not the first to use the consept and they did not do as good as a job as other games have. Bioshock did a way better job then Gone Home. ♥♥♥♥ the Fallouts did better jobs then Gone Home. I do have to admit that the story is intresting tho, could of been a lot better. Gone Home is not worth $20. I highly suggest either buying it during a steam sale (I did that) or torrenting it. If you torrent it and enjoy it, then go ahead and buy it. But I highly suggest torrenting it, it can be extremly disapointing."
76561198008063747,Recommended,232430,10800785,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ICHistorian,"This game completely blew me away.   I was expecting a 'boogedy-boogedy haunted scawwwwwy house' game and was instead drawn into a complex world that kept me riveted long after I realized that I wouldn't be fighting any ghosts, leveling up, or rescuing any wayward princesses.  The story development here is top-notch, and the rather simple gameplay works perfectly within this title.  This game is to the 2010s what Myst was to the early days of PC gaming.  I highly recommend this game to anyone who has ever wondered where games can go, or anyone who wants a completely new and different gaming experience.  This title is well-thought out, has an excellent story, and is definitely pushing the boundaries of gaming in general."
,Not Recommended,232430,10848713,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Nawx csgopoints.com cs.money,"""It can't possibly be over..."" That was what first came to mind as the credits started to roll upon ""completion"" of the game.""Letdown."" That was next.It's simply not worth the money. I'm glad I only spent $3 on this game instead of full price. Boring, one-track, and ultimately pointless... this is hardly a game. It's more like a narrative that plays if you're lucky enough to click on something important."
76561197982565433,Not Recommended,232430,9324067,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,ruwagrong,"really dull game, all it does is tell a story. Theres nothing fascinating about it.  Edit* a better way of reviewing this game. The environment is great and captures the 90's feeling inside a house, but the story uses a controversial subject in game to tell a dull, boring, uninspiring story."
76561198085535568,Not Recommended,232430,10940545,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,uncle gubsy,"I went into this game thinking it would be a really mysterious, suspensefull and tense story about your missing family and where they went. Instead i got a Teen-Angst Simulator that just made me roll my eyes non stop througout it. Its so predictable and shallow that i was utterly bored for the entire time. Theres enough of this Teen-Angst rubbish in B-Grade Films to last a lifetime, we do not need this crap in videogames."
,Not Recommended,232430,9325410,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Yoda,"This game is a solid proof that modern mass-media is represented by old bunch of casual players who would prefer interactive DVD kind gameplay  over active thinking and actions. The social drama in story adds some bonuses of course but not enough to excuse all this GOTY hype.Back to the game: gameplay is linear and consist from moving between rooms of the house and reading notes of your sister which reveals her story. There are no adventure like  puzzles - just a bit of hidden objects: you lurk around, grab objects and story advanced. The overall experience is close to the move and I expected much much more from storyline and characters due to this but alas - your average Hollywood here. That's the main issue with the game, if you create a game where story is 95% of content it should be good.Bad:1. Game is super shot around 3.5 hours with slow paced and detailed walk-trough.2. Story and characters are not good enough3. No point to replay the game, one fixed ending, no choices etc.Good:1. Overall atmosphere is good and  details in items scattered around make up a bit for a lackluster story.2. Voice acting is on a good level.tl;dr If you like hidden objects games or just want to read the story anyway - could be fine to buy on sale.But if you just curios about teenager lesbians problems I suggest to watch some movies instead (BTW, Blue Is the Warmest Color already released on DVD/Bluray and torrents of course)."
,Not Recommended,232430,10973864,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,isuyeon,"I can see that a lot of work went into this game so I do not want to be too disparaging... maybe I just don't like these kinds of games? Either way, I was not invested in the story (despite the fact that the story is really all there is to gameplay). You wander around a house reading different pieces of paper and occasionally being told snippets of the story by way of some voice note from a family member. That's it. I dunno. I just couldn't get into it. I ""beat"" it, if you can call it that, but it just never grabbed me."
,Not Recommended,232430,11383910,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,H9mbone,"**SPOILER FREE REVIEW (Unless you don't want it to be :D)**So, where to begin with Gone Home? In a nutshell, Gone Home is another entry in the ""visual novel"" genre of games comprised by other titles like Dear Esther, The Writer, and so on and so forth. Despite the greatness of other such games, Gone Home is terrible and not worth an ounce of your time. So here's why:Plot StrengthWithout spoiling anything, the basis of Gone Home's plot is that you are Katie Greenbriar; a girl just returning from a semester abroad in Europe only to find her home in Oregon, which her family recently moved into, ""mysteriously"" empty. Subsequently, it is your job to snoop around the house like Sherlock Homes and uncover clues as to what is happening. Then (still no spoilers) the backstory behind why the house is ""abandoned"" has to do with your sister Sam who is in 11th grade and experiencing her first love interest. I will not delve any further into the story just in case I can't persuade you to not buy this abhorrent piece of trash, but all I can tell you is that within 45 minutes of playing the game (about half way through in my case, and yes i did pick up every item and explore every room) you will know EXACTLY how the game will end. I kid you not; Gone Home's ""surprise ending"" is about as remarkable as watching an episode of Dora the Explorer (that is to say not much at all). Now, moving on, let me adress why this game is so critically aclaimed. As you can see on metacritic, Gone Home has an absurdly high (imo) average critic rating of 86, while the user rating is 5.4. The reasoning behind this is because Gone Home is one of those games that might as well say in the description (and pardon my french) ""DEAR GAME CRITICS, if you do not hail me as one of the greatest games of all time and the most moving game you've every played, you will be pigeon-holed by the rest of the game-critics community and seen as an unsophisticated, uneducated, arrogant f**ktard."" Let me elaborate further: Since Gone Home is protrayed by the Fullbright Company as a ""moving"", ""artistic"", and ""expressive"" story, game critics want to also seem ""sophisticated"" and ""artistic"" in that same respect by waxing lyrical about Gone Home and ""how personally it spoke to them"". Moreover, Gone Home has many (forced and annoying) references to the '90's in it and seeing as  A LOT of game reviewers today were born in the late '80's and early '90's they eat that stuff up. To finish off this section, let's examine why Gone Home is in no way whatsoever ""artistic"", ""moving"", or ""sophisticated"". The story is probably the most pathetic and lame thing I have ever witnesses in any medium. The writing is down right melodramatic (which is about the only thing that matches up with the '90's :-/) and fake; as if they had a 14 year old girl at The Gap pick up the nearest pencil she could find, take a napkin from the foodcourt, and write out the first love story that came to her head. There is nothing unique whatsoever about Sam's lovestory and it fully embraces every ""budding relationship"" cliche known to man. Moreover, despite some people who don't recommend this game saying the voice acting is exceptional, I beg to differ. The voices sound flat and fail to convey little emotion. In short, every journal, story, and note you read that has to do with Sam's love story (pretty much all of them) adds up to a pile of bad writing not even fit for a live action Nickelodeon show.Game StructureGone home's gamplay is flat out bad; there's no other word for it, it's just bad. Before I start ranting again, here is THE ONLY thing I will commend Gone Home for, and that is how it manages to make the house feel lived in; it's a very large house, but there's just enough furniture, books, belongings, etc. to make the house feel real and the decorating is quite realistic which probably helped cloud-headed pretentious reviewers feel more ""immersed"" in the game. Now, back to the bad aspects which, you guessed it, is literally everything else! The ONLY interaction you will ever have in Gone Home is picking up miscellaneous objects which sometimes  trigger Sam's ""journal entries/notes for Katie"", opening doors, and entering lock combonations. Believe me you, I've played many adventure games in my time so I'm very used to this type of gameplay; hell, my favorite game of all time is The Walking Dead The Game (which I played on my PS Vita so please do not respond ""You don't have The Walking Dead a**hole :-/""). However, Gone Home is, simply put, boring when you are not progressing the story (that is if you even like the story which, obviously, I do not); all you do is pick up poorly textured objects, and fumble around with '90's memorabailia; rotating them around like a whirlgig (Katie would make a great chemist due to her exceptional rotating skills which you'll be doing every god-damn 10 seconds only to find that you will never find any hidden messages, images, or compartments on these objects in the entire game). In fact, taking out the ability to pick up and examine objects in Gone Home would vastly improve it seeing as the inclusion of it in the first place is a failed attempt at adding ""some"" interaction/gameplay to keep the player interested, but in actuallity, this ability makes the game even more drawn out than my grandpa's undies since almost every player, including myself, will take the time to pick up EVERY....FREAKIN'...OBJECT. Moreover, this would streamline the story and allow the game to do what it truly intends: rip off it's players with a truly terrible story. Other games, like Dear Esther, already realized that literally no interaction whatsoever is better than some so that the player can realize what the true nature of the game is and not be confused by being able to pick up more objects than there are milk containers in Half Life 2.ValueGo ahead and look at Gone Home's store page and look for it's price. You will find it is 20 U.S. dollars, thus leading you to believe it must have a significant amount of content. I mean, by that logic, Gone Home should offer as much content as games like CS GO, FTL, Spelunky, The Walking Dead, Rust, Skyrim, Dark Souls 1 and other games that are at very similar price points on steam. Moreover, for literally under a dollar, you could buy a humle bundle with amazing games like Bioshock and Xcom: UFO Defense from the 2k Humble Bundle or Thief Gold and Hitman from the Square Enix Humble Bundle that's on sale at this point in time. Well, jokes on you if you thought anything even close to that was true, because what if I told you that you can beat Gone Home in less than a minute when you know what to do? What's more, what if I told you I've actually read forum posts/stories of people accidently finding the hidden room that holds the key which you need to finish the game within minutes of their first play through, then proceeding to finish the game when they think they're merely doing what they're supposed to, only to find out they already beat the piece of trash? Well, whether you believe these things or not, they (much like Robert Ripley's stories) are horrifyingly true. Gone Home isn't worth $20, or $3, or even $1 since that same amount of money would be better spent on ANYTHING else, hell go buy a chicken burger at McDonald's!In conclusion, Gone Home is a bad game, made by bad writers, for pretentious people, and you should NEVER buy it. Also, for those brave enough, here's the spoiler of THE WHOLE GAME (yes, it's that short),Sam is a lesbian (which her parents dissaprove of her being) and she falls in love with a girl named Lonnie. Unfortunately, Lonnie entered the military and they must now separate. However, Sam and Lonnie decide they must be together, so Lonnie deserts the military and they run off together. Also, the only reason the parents are gone is because they are on vacation for their anniversary."
76561197979315237,Not Recommended,232430,11458010,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,meat and potatoes,"Explore an emty lifeless house.The only posititve things i can say for this ""game"" is that it is polished and for short periods of time; interesting or emotional. As a whole, I would recommend to check it out and breeze through it one time if only it were free. I honestly can't decide if it's worth your time even then though.The concept is very interesting, but it just doesn't deliver. It ends up just being a very empty experience. It's hard to not recommend this game because it is very unique, but it's way, way too short, and the story is not good enough to make up for it at any price tag.graphics - 7/10sound - 5/10gameplay - 5/10story - 8/10overall - 6/10The interesting story is not enough, and that's really the only thing here. It's not a story worthy of making a game around either. I did get a few kicks from the 90's era nostalgia. Again, that aspect as well is small and does not add enough to make this anything really special."
76561198017268393,Recommended,232430,35215078,Posted: 25 September,all,Ablmeo,"I highly recommend playing this game.While it is true, that there is not much to be done other than walking around your family's house and exploring their storys. And the game is very short (honestly too short for the price). But the atmosphere it created is simply astonishing and the story is absolutely worth to be told.So if you get the chance to get this game at a discount, don't hesitate."
,Recommended,232430,8326585,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,D-Meth,"Gone Home is one of the most interesting games I have played. This game takes you away from reality and puts you in its own virtual movie. It's kinda like watching and playing a book. I think going into it having no clue what it was about made it even better. This was the best 6 dollars I have ever spent on a game. Though it was only about 4 hours of play, what an experience it has to offer. If you have 6 bucks and 4 hours of time to just sit and relax, please give this a shot. . 9.9/10 -.1 for the constant thunder making me♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants every 30 seconds."
76561197971478514,Recommended,232430,10740380,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Morrik,"I took a chance and that chance paid off.  Excellent narrative and you care about the characters without actually seeing anything.  Totally immersive and amazing story.  This is totally worth to pick up if on sale or even not on sale.  Support the developers of this game and do them a favor by playing their story.  No jump scares, no gimmicks, no action, but just plain old exploration and piecing together a story that was missed while away.It almost brought a tear to my eye."
,Not Recommended,232430,10484758,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,AMEN BROTHERRRRR,"Did not enjoy this. Some may be in it for the story, however i found it quite tedious"
,Not Recommended,232430,8572249,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Acheron,One of the worst games I have ever played. Anyone who considers themselves a gamer should be ashamed if they enjoyed this game in any way. Interactive book/10
76561198014223874,Not Recommended,232430,9038558,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Cleverfandum,"Terrible game.It has a few good aspects such as the nostalgic (although boring) feeling, but you basicly pay 20 euros for something you can finish in 60 minutes, or 100 minutes with doing everything you can do. no action,dialogue or any interaction what so ever, DO NOT BUY THIS."
,Recommended,232430,7942729,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,FakeSword,Okay trust me on this: Play this ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Not Recommended,232430,8445376,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ChemX,"I was really interested in buying this game because I thought it would be mysterious and sort of near the horror-genre. I am trying to expand what I play when it comes to video games, so I bought this game basically. However the game is really short and all you do is walk around the house, find notes from your sister, have her narrate the notes, and that sums it up. It was an okay game, but I don't think it's really worth much honestly."
,Recommended,232430,25382341,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Ramona Flowers,"- Very good graphics and dialogues, and pretty atmospheric.- Great story.- Sadly, there's no replayability at all, and it's VERY short.- That said, I recommend to buy it on a sale."
,Recommended,232430,8216927,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,shodan2020,"This is a wonderful gem of an indie game. Beautifully detailed and a nice nostalgic trip down memory lane for the mid 90's. There's a sweet story and some genuine uneasiness as you explore your dark, deserted family home. Magical."
,Not Recommended,232430,8526743,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Futil1ty,"Three hours of my life were dedicated to a lesbian love story that consisted of clicking on toilet paper and soda cans and pop culture references and trying to remind me of being a teenager (or something I guess). I expected with all the critical acclaim that I might actually get something meaningful out of my 75%-off purchase. A creative way of storytelling, marred by a lack of story (and a terrible graphics engine). I find this interactive experience to be shallow and pedantic."
76561198124829896,Recommended,232430,16820391,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Xander Goofbeck,"This isn't a game for everyone, that's for sure. Some will find the gameplay as appealing as a root canal. But for gamers with open minds that are willing to play a game that does something different in an industry that has arguably been making the same games for the past 10 years, you will more than enjoy the breif but engaging game that is Gone Home."
,Recommended,232430,16811666,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Oh Rat Farts!,"“Gone Home is the greatest video game love story ever told.”No it's not. And it's not worth 20 dollars unless you have excess spending money to blow or really want to support indie developers. There's about 2 hours of game here, plus or minus a few minutes depending on how literate you are. Or if you're an idiot like me and can't read maps.Aside from the 90's kitsch and the fact that the main storyline is based off of teenagers and the adolescent rage that goes with it, the three stories (daughter, father, mother) found here are told well. There are no cutscenes or other video game mechanics to pull you out of the gameplay. Instead, you are free to explore and uncover clues and evidence at your own pace. The game designers did a great job of following the writing goal of ""show, don't tell."" There is no hand holding here and the player is forced to construct their own narrative about their screwed up family. The stories diverge and converge throughout, and the game teases you with classic horror tropes as you creep through this desolate house. The game is deeply personal, and shows the complexities of families and relationships."
,Recommended,232430,8429619,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,*𝙝𝙤𝙡𝙤,"This story is beautiful. If you are looking for an action packed combat game, stop here, Gone Home is not for you. It isn't a long game, (4 hours-ish for a VERY in depth play through,) and despite its beginnings as an Amnesia mod, it is not a horror game. It is, however, a gorgeously engrossing story and a refreshing change to the energetic reflex-testers that are in abundance today.You play as Kaitlyn Greenbriar, arriving back to your family home after a long trip abroad, only the house is empty. As you explore the house, you will discover clues about where they have gone, as well as about the nature of their personalities and the struggles every member of the family have been facing. The main plot revolves around your sister, and is told through excerpts of her diary that you uncover by examining particular items around the house.The pacing is spot on, and although you won't be uncovering parts of the main plot every minute, you will always be finding little clues about your family and the people they are. The main plot is somewhat cliched, but that can be forgiven for the sheer stellar way it is told, and the detail of everything you see. You will care about your family pretty quickly into playing, and that is what keeps you hooked early on.For me, this was the best game I have played in a long time. It was short, but incredibly sweet, and the characters will stay with me for a long time."
76561198143342853,Not Recommended,232430,32687916,Posted: 23 June,all,svwilly509,"I only would recommend this game if it is on sale. I just finished it though, and I don't feel feel like I got my $5 worth. It's about 2 hours long, and there is barely a story here. Nothing really happens. I was expecting more of a mystery I guess, maybe a big twist. You just wander around a house.. there is maybe one or two easy puzzles. You find out a secret about a family member.. end of story. It had the potential, I just feel disappointed."
76561198007402175,Not Recommended,232430,33328272,Posted: 6 July,all,Pharoah Pedro,"Like most people I got this game because of the awesome reviews, the steam sale, and I was completely disappointed. It seems from the description like the game is going for a horror tone, and that was implied in the opening seen, but it quickly becomes something akin to a, and I hate to repeat the phrase, Social Justice Warrior's commentary on society. Even if you agree or like the story there is actually very little gameplay. I have logged two hours on the game... enough to see everything it has to offer. Avoid this game at all costs."
76561198025861536,Not Recommended,232430,16771989,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,tote,it sucked
,Recommended,232430,33318757,Posted: 6 July,all,The Media Sponge,"Though short, I really did enjoy my time with this game.At this point basically everyone knows the story, so I'm going to avoid that topic.Ultimately, the most enjoyable thing about this game is snooping around an unfamiliar home. The game designers were smart enough to realize that this premise does not lend itself well to a long game.If you go in looking to scared or enjoy a deep and complex story, you will be dissapointed.If you go in with an open mind and sense of cutiousity, you will not be dissapointed.WARNING: BUY ON SALE - LENGTH OF GAME NOT WORTH MORE THAN $10.00"
76561198021073385,Recommended,232430,7333280,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Ö,Brilliant!
,Not Recommended,232430,7830545,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Codisius,lame. i wanted ghosts got a sappy ♥♥♥♥♥♥ love story with no ghosts.
76561197985334506,Not Recommended,232430,7807103,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Shotgam,♥♥♥♥ this game.
76561198004653914,Not Recommended,232430,18756602,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Sanf,"Nice but linear and only 90 minutes long, not worth it's price."
,Recommended,232430,12095159,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Bassem,"Let me say that the criticisms against Gone Home are valid: it's too short, and too pricey for what it offers. DO NOT buy it at full price. I'd say half price is good.Having followed it during development, I knew what to expect and so I didn't have the wrong expectations: it's a game based on exploring one intricate space, absorbing the story through the detailed objects you come across. It's a very focused experience.In that regard, Gone Home succeeds. For the two hours (ugh so short) I was in that house, I really was immersed. It felt really lived in, like a real home.You get to know the characters - your player character and her family - through various items strewn around, and while it's all very in your face and void of subtlety, it's still well made, and endearing. Especially the little sister; I want a kid sister like that.I've been looking for a game like this. Ever since Tex Murphy: The Pandora Directive, I've been waiting for another game that lets me search premises and detailed rooms in first person, examining objects and looking for clues.So, how does GH fare? It's... a start. Everything's too easily found, the path through the house is pretty linear. The main story is too simple, and boring. It was the side stories that were more interesting, the ones about the secondary characters, the history of the house... all that.I really hope more games come out that are like GH, but more advanced, more complex, more ""game-like"", with more developed stories and a challenging, non-linear experience. But GH is definitely worth experiencing, and for that I give it a thumbs-up.PS. Oh right, there's developer commentary! Always a plus. Gonna have to check that out before I forget."
,Recommended,232430,21733565,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,skuzzypooky,"Recommened if you like story heavy exploration and its on sale.There seems to be a lot of bad reviews for Gone Home and while i can see where these people are coming from I still think its a good game. Granted its super short for a game you pay  19.99 for and that might be hard if not impossible to get over   but if you can put that behind you or better still pick it up cheap in a sale, then  maybe you can start to enjoy the game.Its not a challege but nothing about it made me think it would be, its just a simple exploration game with a nice story running through it. Thats what you should expect cause thats what you'll get.So if you got an hour or so to kill and you feel like playing something simple with a nice story running through it, and its on sale go for it! and if you like it and want something that has a similar feel but is way more intese and a game challenge the get ""Life is Strange"" way more bang for your buck and its a much more immersive game."
,Recommended,232430,21289116,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,YAOI MOM,"Atmospheric exploration games aren't everyone's cup of tea, even so I recommend giving this one a shot. The awesome house alone made this one fun to explore.Plus it's set in the 90's, which gave me nostalgic childhood feels.And I want that house!!!!!"
,Recommended,232430,11112513,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Fearmonkey,"I'm the type of gamer that loves exploration, and doesnt require constant combat or thrills to engage me.Gone home is the type of game I love, and I really enjoyed it.The story is wonderful and the gameplay engaging.The end came way too soon, but I enjoyed what time I had in the game.Definately recommended."
,Not Recommended,232430,10858068,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,dicksobig69,"Do not buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game.People rave about a story and all this nonsense.You wanna hear the story, it's about you (a girl) who comes home after a trip to Europe. Finds her home trashed by her sisterwho is a lesbian and ran away to be with her partner. And she had feelings or some♥♥♥♥♥♥GG xXx360N0Sc0pexXx, game is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198106814466,Recommended,232430,10881673,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TheMuffinMan,"I rarely rarely write reviews but this is worth it, it gets no where near as much credit as it should. I ignored the bad reviews and went ahead and bought it and I am so glad I did. This game has an incredible storyline, is playable with no glitches whatsoever and all together a great adventure. I would highly highly reccomend this to anyone that enjoys exploration games with a mix of horror and suspension. If you are reading this review go buy it, it is truely fantastic."
76561198046968132,Not Recommended,232430,9098136,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Nuke it with water,Just don't
,Not Recommended,232430,11046293,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Andreilg,"I'm writing this on the same day as stating that Dear Esther represents art in video games and interactive narratives are an amazing idea. I think this game is just bad. It gives off the atmosphere of something dark and foreboding while unraveling a story of where your sister is, which seems interesting enough. However, the interactivity in the game is just tedious, everything you learn throughout the game is incredibly predictable, a dropout creative writing student couldn't come up with something less predictable and the overall story is as meaningless as it can get. For all the flack people give Dear Esther for being ""pretentious"" this is the exact opposite, some lowest common denominator stuff that is probably only getting praise becuase of its *SPOILERS* focus on a lesbian girl.The fact that this game has such a high score for critics and such a low score for users says a lot in it of itself. It's like modern art, something that is just bad that critics won't dare call bad because they don't get it either."
,Not Recommended,232430,10521789,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,m0phre4k,"Don't buy this game. Unless you get a 90% off coupon... and only if you're feeling curious! lol Like Sam (Play the game, and you'll know what I mean)"
,Not Recommended,232430,10551011,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Diggersby,The graphic are meh the audio is awful the story is okay i guess. if you want a challenging puzzle game this isnt it takes about 100 minutes to finish. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME EVEN IF ITS ON THE STEAM SUMMER SALE... no worth
,Not Recommended,232430,10857462,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,maelwys,"I picked up Gone Home on the Steam sale and had no idea what to expect. While playing I kept waiting for something to happen so I could fit it into one of those mental boxes where you classify games (shooter, rpg, horror, etc.). I kept expecting to turn a corner and encounter something frightening. Or open a door and find a body. An hour later, I was still waiting. When I finished thirty minutes after that, I realized that this was it - nothing really does happen. It's simply a game of exploration, where you learn a story about your slightly eccentric, but largely identifiable, family. I've never played anything like it.So, yes, I guess I would have to say I liked it. But I still would have a hard time recommending it."
,Not Recommended,232430,8498223,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,SpookyKloak,This is an hour and a half of your life you'll never get back.
,Recommended,232430,11113983,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Flaming Easter Basket of Napalm,"Let me start by saying it's not for everyone. If you're looking for an intimate story, this is a definite must-play. If you enjoyed The Walking Dead or The Wolf Among Us, I highly recommend it. If those sorts of games aren't for you, skip Gone Home."
,Not Recommended,232430,8463222,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,barehugs,"I know we shouldn't judge a game by play time alone but just as a heads up, this one is over in about 2-3 hours, max. You feel like just when you're getting to the good part, when you think there's some mind blowing twist just up ahead the bend, they end the game and you're pretty much left there with your♥♥♥♥♥♥in your hand. I think the first thing I said when the credits rolled was, ""Wait, what?"".I get why this game has received so many accolades; it's a good story. When games have a plot that you are able to sink your teeth into, it makes it that much more enjoyable to open every drawer and turn over every paint can in the garage to see if you can find more secrets, clues and storyline. But with ""Gone Home"", there's too much smoke and mirrors and not enough beef.Really wanted to love this game, after all the amazing reviews, but it fell short. If you're like me and ignore people who say negative things about something you know you're going to try no matter what, at least do yourself a favor and wait until it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,232430,10437938,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Heavier,boring
,Recommended,232430,10818197,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,[Jet] Octorok,"I think that the primary complaints of this game stem from a few points, which I'd just like to quickly address.1. Length:PriceI'll be completely honest here by saying that I think the notion of paying $20 for a game with the amount of content of Gone Home is unreasonable. About two to three hours of content for that price is just unfair. WIth that in mind, though, a full sale price of 85% off, around $3, is more than acceptable for what Gone Home provides. The length of the game can completely vary depending upon the player (a true speed run clocking in at under a minute), so if you truly explore everything the game has to offer, the ratio of length to price evens out significantly.2. Plot SimplicityI'll be completely honest again. The main narrative that the player follows in Gone Home is a bit subpar. The story follows Kate Greenbriar as she returns home to an abandoned mansion, exploring the house to pick up clues of what occured in her absence. Primary bits of text just follow her sister and her love story that although breaks uniformity in some ways, does it in the shallowest of senses. It gives a resolution is an astounding mix of closure and anticlimax. If that were the only element of story, I would say that Gone Home is a let down, but so much more is delved into. Numerous subplots evolve and progress as more information is discovered about the family. Some of those subplots are much more interesting than the ""Main story"" and receive enough time to develop as their own entities. In fact, if the love story weren't passed off as the main focus, as Gone Home tries to do, the game would be all the better for it. Despite this short coming, the inclusion of the subplots provides a MAJOR redemption. To judge the entire game based on what's used as the main story is down right unfair.3. Flase AtmosphereI'm just going to hit this one quickly, because for the most part, I agree with the complaints. I knew going in that nothing actually scary was going to happen in the game, despite the conflicting environments. To say that the psudo-spooks created by the game leads to a bit of misdirection in the player, that's fair. To say that it ruined the game as a whole is more than a stretch. I've heard the counter arguement that the dread created by the game can lead the player to think the worst occured as a result of the love story, which is fair, but I'm not sure is a full excuse, so I won't use it. In other words, the environment didn't really hurt or improve my experience as it may for others, but either way, saying that it would lead to a polar view shift is ridiculous.So, in conclusion, is Gone Home deserving of Game of the Year? Not in my book. Is it deserving of the rain of pure scrutiny that it's getting on its Steam page? I don't think so, either. I'm going to be blunt. I haven't reviewed a single game prior to this. I just wanted to give some defense to a game that I think is getting more flak than it deserves. I know that most of those reviews just exist to counter what many would see as undeserved praise, but I can guarentee most of them are played up just to provide contrast to that big ol' 86 Metacritic stamped at the top of this page.  At the end of the day I'm just tossing a single poorly writen positive review in a sea of negativity. Basically, I don't think this is the greatest game I've played by a long shot, but I also spent the last 20 minutes writing this monster about it, so you be the judge. Thank you."
76561197970779265,Not Recommended,232430,11521102,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,JaegerBane,"I'll say this straight up - this is a game that was made for the critics, not the gamers. It's the gaming equivalent of one of those oddball 'powerful studies of human emotion' that always end up in the Critic's top 10 lists that no-one ever has ever heard of.I'm not going to add or subtract points based on the game's genre - this game is upfront and honest about what it is and if that's not your cup of tea, you likely would be aware of this before you hit the buy button.I guess my biggest problem is that it's, oddly, all style and no substance. The atmosphere it evokes is first class - the audio is fantastic, the voice acting is excellent, and the soundtrack is great. The devs obviously went to great lengths to create an image of a 1990s house, with dozens of nostalgic references for us old farts who were growing up back then. And on top of this, it creates a genuine unease in the player from the get go. Straight away you read a note on the door that is downright ominous, and the answerphone has messages from a sobbing unknown girl desperate to speak to your sister. The place is empty... apparently, the thunderstorm outside and creaking floorboards start to play tricks with your awareness. Was that just a shadow or is someone else in the house? What the hell is going on?If it had stuck like this then it would have been great, but at the risk of spoiling it, the storyline goes nowhere (my initial guess as to what might have happened turned out to be 90% accurate, and that was after 10 mins), and as time goes on your initial belief that there is more to this story then meets the eye is is proven false and you're left with a, frankly, mundane tale that raises questions about what the point behind the game was.Therein lies the problem. A lack of combat and a lack of puzzles are quite acceptable in this genre, what isn't is a lack of interesting story.It's a hard game to review. On some level I can see why it got such a reception amongst the critics - as I say, it's atmosphere is fantastic. Unfortunately, the storyline just isn't up the atmosphere it generates, and the fact that it's totally 100% linear mean it has little replayability. £15 for this game is far too much - I bought it for about £5 back in a sale and err on the side of 'yes' as to whether it's worth that.If you see it going cheap, then by all means, get this. While it lasts, it's great - it's just not a game to play if you're hoping for an interesting story to go with it's interesting premise."
,Recommended,232430,10807840,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,幽霊,"Gone Home is certainly an interesting game, if you would call it a game. It is MORE of a game than Dear Esther, at least, but what you're really doing here is exploring and finding things. The visuals are nothing special, though I think they serve their purpose just fine. There's no need for super fancy graphics in this setting anyways. One nice touch is that all ther textures are of a high enough resolution that you can read just about anything that has letters on it. And you will need to do a lot of reading.  I liked the story of the game and I won't spoil it hear, but from the beginning, I was hooked and wanted to know what was going on. It's short. I finished it in 104 minutes, and that was with liberal time for wandering around making sure I didn't miss anything. The best part of the game is the voice recordings that play when a letter is found. The VA for Sam's character did a great job making me feel engaged and making me care about her story.It's short, simple, and sweet. I recommend it."
76561198076410850,Not Recommended,232430,11668304,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Sleet,"Initially this seemed like a cool game. Kind of a mystery exploration game where you would go home to find your entire family gone, and you would have to figure out what happened to them all. Sounded kind of intriguing...but unfortunately, although the beginning of the game felt kind of fun, and finding clues to the fact that you're living in a psycho house, it starts to lead you on to think you're about to discover something crazy and horrifying. Disappointingly, the story just ends up being a teen angsty story about being lesbian and finding your parents just went away on a short holiday.All the mystery it leads you on to believe doesn't really take you anywhere and the ending is very anti-climatic. You could give this a miss."
76561197985112821,Not Recommended,232430,13443694,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Xu-B,"It has a great story. The game is only about running around an empty house digging through things that add detail to the story. I give it a thumbs up for a story, but a 2/10 for a game. Even with a good story, I was ready to get it over with..."
76561198081968788,Not Recommended,232430,11472042,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Trikster80,BOOOooooring.
,Not Recommended,232430,11514868,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Vinter,"*SPOILER*This game is about a girl who figures out she's a teenage lesbian feminist that decides to run away with her army deserting girlfrield while her parents are out of town when you (the daughter/big sister) returns home from school. You walk around this big♥♥♥♥♥house that seems like it was haunted/robbed/generally not lived in for a long time and find notes your lesbian feminst run away sister has left all over the house... Overall, the story is horrible and I feel bad for anyone who spent more then the $3 on the flash sale.I would only recommend playing this game if you are into 1. draw opening simulators 2. feminist ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t 3. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""games"" ... honestly, go rent a movie."
,Not Recommended,232430,11576789,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,RedWaggon,"This game is about an hour and thirty minutes long, consists of fairly simple gameplay, and costs $20. None of this would be a problem if the story weren’t so unflinchingly dull, and the overenthusiastic voice acting doesn’t help one bit.Exploring the house was somewhat interesting. The way that the story was revealed actually worked quite well; if only the actual story had a bit more depth than a sappy teen romance between two one-dimensional characters.The game’s not THAT bad, but I don't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,232430,8528998,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,cheezytacos,"After reading some favorable reviews and many unfavorable reviews for this game, I decided to purchase this game after it was on sale for only $10, and I must say that even a $10 price tag is asking too much for this game. The story is lacking depth, gameplay is repetitive, and there is no replay value for this game. A regular price of $20 is about 17 dollars too expensive. Just save your money and skip this one."
76561198038217396,Not Recommended,232430,8594938,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,白い悪魔,Great story.  Overpriced.  No replay value.  Tropes and content that are used specifically to make guys and girls like it for different reasons.  These critics are just afraid of calling it out for fear of the backlash.  This is basically just a VN with walking.
76561198048645090,Not Recommended,232430,18051289,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,midgetkiller,"If you're looking for a game to scare you, look elsewhere"
,Recommended,232430,31128306,Posted: 13 April,all,Alice Cooper,"If you're a daydreamer who loves to here stories aboutteenagers coming-of-age and realising they're lesbians through discarded notes left all around the house just waiting to be found, then yeah this is a good game.No idea why, but there's was an eerie, sinister atmosphere that always made me feel like something was about to jump out at me. Maybe it's the fact that the house is abandoned, maybe it's the violent storm going on outside, maybe it's the trees banging it against the window or maybe it's just the background music.The voice acting is flawless, however. It's like they took it from a movie. It's very sentimental and progressive and effeminate.But I would recommend."
76561198025174963,Recommended,232430,32665829,Posted: 22 June,all,ladolceocchi3,"Well crafted, well executed - a calm reflective immersive interactive narrative that captures the breadth of the human experience. So many delightfully poignant and droll little details if you take the time to explore."
,Not Recommended,232430,24976409,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Mr. Cynical,"A moderately interesting story, but it doesn't really have any reason for using games as a medium; it doesn't do anything interesting with the medium (hence the ""walking simulator"" tag)"
,Not Recommended,232430,18317236,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,mutl8,Not really a game more like an interactive movie. The story isn't that great and the developer loves to censor and ban users from steam community
76561198067327562,Not Recommended,232430,18337206,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,grokk,"I've been going through trying out games I've bought over the years.  This one (Gone Home) had very good reviews at the time, but for me, it simply doesn't work.  All I can do on the start screen is use the arrow keys to navigate between ""New Game"", Options, and Exit.  I can't select them.  Space, return, esc, none of that has any effect.  The mouse does nothing.I googled around a bit and found this is a known problem.  For some reason this basic, fundamental issue has not been fixed in the years since the game came out.  Supposedly if I disconnected all USB devices from my computer, it has a chance of working, but that just isn't an option for me and isn't reasonable to expect.  I have a variety of devices attached, some game controllers, some not, as I use this computer for other things than playing games.  No game gets to modify my hardware configuration.  Not Reasonable.  Not to mention, lame!If I could get my money back, I would.  But I'm sure it's aged in my library too long.  Still, be warned!Bonus lameness - Steam won't let you review a product until you have used it for at least 5 minutes.  But I can't use it.  If you see this review, it means I sat at the non-responsive start screen until Steam decided I had suffered enough."
,Not Recommended,232430,18298528,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,kavikalyn,"This is not a good game.  I bought it after hearing all the hype from sites like Kotaku or Polygon and it is simply not good.I definitely think that this game has the right to exist, especially after all the debate about whether or not it's actually a game but unfortunately it's just not a good game at all.  Don't waste your time or money on this."
76561198005944859,Not Recommended,232430,18333518,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,ThomasKingo,"I bought Gone Home at 2.99 € on a Steam summer sale. The game took me roughly 2 hours to complete. At that price point I think i got ok value for money, although I think the developer could have done more to fill out the interior of the house, and give more backstory to be discovered about the mom, dad and so on. I think it was an OK experience for 2.99 €.My biggest beef with ""Gone Home"" is, that it offers a brooding mystery and a haunted atmosphere coupled with a good buildup, which in the end deflates quite a bit.In my opinion it's the inferred sidestorries, that makes this game have an impact, and not the main one about the sister.I can see that the pricing right now is 20 €. At that price point the game simply isn't worth it. That is 10 € per hour, which is blind robbery. I recommend to only pick it up on a steam sale below 5 €, and otherwise not. At 20 € I will say it will be a disappointing purchase. It's a one evening game completed on a relatively short play through."
,Not Recommended,232430,18782000,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Jerry Cuckheimer,Sooooooo... That was it?
76561198043197391,Recommended,232430,8655708,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,CountDrac2501,I went into this game no knowing what to expect and little did I know that by the end of it I would be so involved in the lives of these people that I would actually care what was going on. There isn't much gameplay here but if you want to experience something that's different and wonderful then I recomend that you play this game. The feels...
,Recommended,232430,8647178,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Khormid,"Nostalgia is very heavy in this game.Probably the shortest game I have ever played and that was with me taking my time. That statement alone may make you think my review will be a negative one; you would be so wrong. This game was brilliant from the environment, lighting and sound all the way to a very interesting story. I spent most of the game terrified that something was going to jump out and scare the heck out of me. The house feels strange around every corner due to great lighting and sounds that come from all over the place.  I won't go into the story as it's something that you really should experience for yourself blindly. There is no shooting, killing, fast pace movement or timing that takes place in this game; it's a detective type game with some open-endedness. I'm typically not a fan of short games, but this game was well worth my money; but only if you buy it during a sale.+ Amazing sound and lighting+ Atmosphere is very engrossing+ Very enjoyable and spoken story- Short game- Lacking direction at timesScore:  8.5 out of 10"
,Not Recommended,232430,8649741,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Starfer,A very anticlimactic story. This game would have been much better following a horror plot.
,Recommended,232430,7578938,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Jackbert,"Gone Home is the first video game I've played that tells a very good story, needs to be a game, and does not require mastery of complex controls.The story is not very good for a game. It is very good for a book or film. But Gone Home couldn't be a book or a film. The quality of its story is indebted to its characterization as a game. However, you don't have to know how to play video games to experience this story. You move around with the keyboard and click on things with the mouse.It's a little trite, but it's a teenage love story, it's practically impossible for one not to be. The third act drags a bit, but it sticks the ending perfectly, so that doesn't really matter.Ultimately, Gone Home is a video game that tells a beautiful love story that can be played by anyone that can browse the Internet. It should go down as a watershed moment in the history of video games as an art form and I highly recommend that you play it."
,Recommended,232430,7628889,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,McNoguff,"Do you like video games?Do you enjoy crying at things(Pixar movies, sad books, et cetera)?If you answered yes to one or both of these questions, spend money on this. Please, please, please spend money on this. Don't look up anything about it, don't try to mentally prepare yourself for it in any way shape or form. Just.... play it.It's probably the most *feeling* I've ever done playing a game, and that's a hell of a statement because brother/sister/nongendered sibling, do I like the feels.I like 'em something fierce.Do buy."
,Recommended,232430,10739299,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,OZ 4.1,"I played Gone Home in one sitting, with the lights out.  It was one of the most intense, compelling, affecting evenings I have spent at a computer.  Sometimes it's not necessary to shoot anyone or blow up anything to have a worthwhile experience.  Gone Home is worthwhile."
,Recommended,232430,21983929,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,CapnCrunch,"A well-written story with great voice acting and exposition. I ended up in tears. If you're looking for an adventure/exploration game with lots of puzzle-solving, this probably isn't the game for you. However, if you're down to spend a few hours exploring an interactive story with sick music, cool 90s nostalgia, and well-developed characters, you will probably enjoy Gone Home."
,Recommended,232430,25583253,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Sergio Alonso,I bought it on a sale and enjoyed the love story. The house is so big and full of secrets.
,Not Recommended,232430,7910012,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,XYC,The game is made for american 80s not for players from other region.
76561198063586802,Not Recommended,232430,10976268,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,AustNerevar,"Alright, first let me clarify that I do not object to the gameplay of this game. So many people are accusing this game of not being a ""real"" game because it's a narrative that you explore. They're wrong. This game brings to mind the world of Myst, which was a game released in 1993 that single-handedly made the CD-ROM format popular. Anyone who claims that Gone Home isn't a game doesn't know what a game is.Gone Home puts you in the shoes of Kaitlin, a girl who has just returned home from college to find her parents new home completely empty. Her sister, Sam, has left a very spooky note on the door telling Kate that she has left. This early narrative and the overall atmosphere of the game (night setting, thunderstorm and heavy rain, etc.) leads the player to believe that there is a supernatural element at work here. In fact, through various notes and diaries that you find throughout the house, you are further encouraged to foster the idea that Sam and her ""friend"", Lonnie, have been hunting and speaking to the ghost of the former tenant of the home, Oscar. Among items in the house, you find a Ouji board, a safe filled with old pharmacy equipment from the days before Oscar died, and a particularly creepy crucifix that is scripted to shut off the lights when you look at it. Other than these things there is zero horror or suspense in this game. There is an obvious bait and switch tacked onto the surface of this game from the screenshots to the art style and early themes of the game. After the initial mentioning of Oscar, he isn't mentioned again at all until the very end, after you have endured countless audio diaries of Sam moaning on about her girlfriend, Lonnie. It's almost as if the game was created to draw in players wanting a driving suspenseful story only to let them down with a lesbian romance that is mind-numbingly boring. Putting aside the annoying Riot Grrl and Feminist trash littered throughout Sam and Lonnie's hang out spots, there are some interesting items that help you put together the story of the Greenbriar family. This gameplay mechanic was actually pretty fun and reminded me of Myst. Since this was the best part of the game to me, I won't spoil it, but be sure to savor it, for it does not last long.At the end, after it is revealed that Sam and Lonnie have kissed, Kaitlin discovers that her sister has left, not to escape any poltergeists or demons, but to participate in one of the oldest cliches in romantic fiction. She's left to go after Lonnie. And that's it. Sam mentions in one of her audio diaries that she and Lonnie went up to the attic to say goodbye to Oscar, but other than that and the early hints at ghostly activity, there are no other paranormal elements to this game. The game never attempts to explain why there is a ghost, a noticeably unrealistic plot device, in a seemingly normal and mundane game setting. It doesn't explain what Sam and Lonnie did to make peace with the ghost. It's a meaningless story element that seems to exist only as a decorational gimmick to draw in players.The above fact added to the price tag of TWENTY dollars serves to imply that this game was thrown together to make a quick buck. The story is unimaginative and the the playing time is a mere two hours. I played through with the developer's commentary tracks on a second play through, so I spend a little over four hours playing the game. It's probably the shortest game that I've ever bought on Steam. It MIGHT be worth $5 at the most, which is what I paid for it. But honestly, even at that price, the story is lackluster and relies on shady bait and switch tactics to draw you in. It CERTAINLY isn't worth $20. DO NOT pay that kind of money for this game. Wait till it goes on sale or play a friend's copy to test it out first. Don't reward these kind of business tactics with a full $20. I would have felt robbed if I had paid that much money for this game. Steam doesn't give refunds, so you should put your money to better use."
,Recommended,232430,11097797,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,DRUNK AND ANGRY,"I was all, what is this pretentious nonsense. Yeah, yeah, this is so clever, I know exactly what's going to happen, blah blah let me get through this. But it ended uo being pretty okay. The way various stories, and even the exact date and time, were told through found objects/notes was novel. Good way to spend 2 hours."
,Recommended,232430,10738280,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Salvius23,"Is this a game? Is it art? What is a game, anyway?Years ago, Greg Costikyan made an early stab at defining ""game"", by distinguishing between games, puzzles, toys, and stories. By way of example, point-and-click adventures are mostly ""puzzles"" (they are solved, rather than ""won""), Sim City is a ""toy"" (it has no inherent goal, beyond what fun you make with it), and something like Civilization is a ""game"" proper (it involves struggling toward a goal, almost certainly in competition with one or more opponents). The categories are somewhat fluid; any given work may have elements of any/all of them. But by those definitions: No, Gone Home is a ""story"", not a ""game"". All of these are forms of ""art"" (whether good or bad art is a separate question).But those categories can all exist in different media: Civilization is a game, but so is, say, Agricola. One is in the medium of ""video games"" and the other in the medium of ""board games"". It is unfortunate that we are saddled with the term ""video games"" for the medium, when in fact the medium is not limited to games, per se. Myst is a puzzle, Sim City is a toy, yet both are within the medium of ""video games"". I think trying to radically re-name the medium is not really possible at this point, so for this reason, I personally have taken to compoundizing the word to ""videogames"", in an attempt to de-emphasize the ""game"" aspect.So what is Gone Home, then? It is not a game; it is not a puzzle; it is not a toy. It is a story, told in the medium of ""videogames"".Is that the best use of the medium? Probably not. Every medium has its own unique strengths and weaknesses. As a narrative medium, videogames' primary strength is probably the audience's empathy with the protagonist. Getting the audience to identify with and care about the protagonist takes effort in most media, while in videogames, because the audience is literally in the protagonist's shoes and controlling their actions, that identification happens virtually for free, and can be much stronger than in most other media. Something like Amnesia: The Dark Descent uses this fact to great effect. Gone Home arguably does not make full use of it, except in a couple of scenes.Personally, overall, I found the story in Gone Home stronger than many of the other reviewers here, but possibly that's down to expectations: I basically knew going in that this was a ""story"", not a ""game"". There are hints at a supernatural occurence that never materializes, but I never found these hints to be distracting, or even particularly emphasized.In the final analysis, Gone Home seems to me to at least be a worthwhile experiment: Can you use the videogame medium to tell a story, with essentially no ""gameplay"" elements whatsoever? Yes, you can. Is that a good idea? Probably not, but it was worth attempting in order to answer those questions. And the story told in this particular videogame is decent enough; I'm glad I played it, didn't feel my time was wasted. As a videogame, it is absolutely worth playing if you are interested in videogames as an art form, if for no other reason than that it does something that has maybe not been done since the 1986 interactive novel ""Portal""."
,Not Recommended,232430,11251717,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,SoldierXero,"Gone Home, what can I say about this game. It is not at all what I expected it to be and that's not a good thing. Basically the entire game is you unraveling a tiny mystery of where your family is when you get home from abroad. I knew it was a walking simulator, I knew it wasn't going to have any enemies or fighting. But man is this a slow paced game. It's also very short, like 2-3 hours depending how much you explore. There is little to no reason to ever play it again either.The story, like I said, is you coming home from being at college abroad. There is a note on the door from your sister saying not to come find her and don't try to find her. Yeah right, so basically you try to figure out where your family is. It seems more mysterious than it really is. In the end, the game basically tells a long drawn out Lesbian love story. Which I did not care for at all. Sorry, my personal preference.I felt I was duped with this game, thank God I only paid like $4-5 for it on sale. It certainly isn't worth more than that. I will say this, the voice acting is pretty well done and the controls are ok for what they are, I played with a PS4 controller. Beyond that, I didn't care for the story at all. And that's all there really is to this game, a story. So I simply cannot recommend it. If you like a long drawn out lesbian tale of love then by all means, play this game. But if you prefer to have a hetrosexual love story then pass on this one."
,Not Recommended,232430,8190138,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Jeb,and then we ran away together and WE WRER HAPPILY EVER AFTER.
,Not Recommended,232430,8690683,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Morrigen,"I wouldn't recommend this game for several reasons. One, it is definitly not a game for everyone. There are certain people who like games that allow you to snoop through random things, but apparently I'm not one of them. When I got the game, I was half expecting to just look around the house and see a murdered sibling type deal. But no... You just walk around your house while its raining outside.I did like that the setting is several decades ago and I can actually remember those times, but the graphics weren't as good as they could have been. The storyline was boring and the first hour that I played, I accomplished nothing. There was just too much to go through and I never knew if I was going to miss something because I didn't check an empty hall closet.I was bored to tears, and not to mention that my computer lagged the whole time I was playing it.Overall Rating:3/10"
,Not Recommended,232430,11210796,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,noisycat,"It's really, really hard for me to say I didn't like this game. The exploration, atmosphere and interaction with the environment were all top notch. But in the end so, so much more could have been done with the story itself. It all seemed to lead up to something interesting, and became the most boring story ever."
,Not Recommended,232430,9051799,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,ewood,"This game is an interesting story/exploration game. At first, only the exploration portion is obvious. It then, through items you can view in the house and voice-over memories, reveals the story. I found the house and house exploration portion of the game great: the house is large and detailed, and has a lot of interaction. However, the story, while I can see it appealing to others, sounded like a complete drama-fest to me. I generally enjoyed the game better when it was more focused on exploration, which caused disinterest in me when I disovered another item that played another voice-over memory in rather quick sucession. Aside from the story, the only other thing I found detracting from the game is how linear it began to feel: I was rarely searching for too long to find something, and certainly not when the game really started to reveal more of the story at every corner.Summary/TL;DR:The good: Detailed and interactive enviroment, simple controls.The neutral: The story the game presents is not for everyone.The bad: Rather linear progression, especially later on, moving onto the next step is sometimes dead easy.In closing: The game presents a great house, but doesn't do near as much as it could with it. Out of a score of zero to ten, I rate this game 6.5."
,Not Recommended,232430,10094671,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Shroomizzle,"This game is a walking simulator that lacks a compelling story. Every attempt at exposition in this game is incidental and disjointed, with many story moments being delivered as voiced narrations and 'clues'. These plot devices are sparsely placed throughout the environment, which contributes to the feeling that the developers lazily threw together a scavenger hunt instead of an interesting story. The only reason game journalists love this game is its niche socio-political agenda (sorry, no spoilers). From a pedestrian perspective, Gone Home is a monstrosity, rife of any immediately relatable story elements. Unless you enjoy preachy games, games that can  be completed in under two hours, or games with no definitive objectives, you should not spend a cent on Gone Home."
,Not Recommended,232430,8325282,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Mega Mane,"You can beat this game in an hour and a half. Though incredulously detailed in the way you can open every drawer, door, etc. in the house, most if not 90% of it doesn't contribute to the story in any way. It is not worth the sale price of $6.79, let alone the full price of $20. The story is heartwarming, but don't take my money out of intrigue and not deliver something that should last a heck of a lot longer. Save your money. I wish I did."
,Not Recommended,232430,8527469,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,fractalaudio,"With the sheer amount of indie games on Steam it requires significant momentum for one of them to stand out and grab the attention of the media. Released in August by developer The Fullbright Company, Gone Home was able to do just that.It tells the story of a daughter returning home from Europe to find her family home empty. Only by reading notes around the house is she able to determine where everyone is. In turn these notes trigger audio samples that deliver the primary narrative from the perspective of her sister. Unfortunately to obtain these samples there is no need for exploring, there are no puzzles, there are no choices, no critical thinking is required – the entire time you simply move from point A to point B and listen to the dialogue. Certainly at the start of the game you have the whole house to explore, but once you start finding relevant clues they lead you directly to your next point of interest. As a result I find it difficult to even call the overall experience a ‘game’. Rather an interactive short story.Which makes we wonder how Valve even had the audacity to price this game at $19.99. That isn’t to say that value should directly relate to experience, but there must be some substance and the substance here just isn’t enough. I feel that pricing it under $5 would not only justify the experience, it would also encourage a much wider audience to enjoy the piece.The highlight of the game is the story telling – a stale cliché in the world of video games. All too often we’re spun the same, tired tales that start to leave you unreceptive. With Gone Home however we are presented with a refreshing narrative, rich with realism. Enhanced by some excellent voice acting it makes for a captivating experience. Aside from the main story arc, certain notes around the house will give you an insight inside other family members, but they leave more questions than answers.Mechanically I also felt that the game was awkward, and graphically it looked dated. However if you focus on the positives in Gone Home, you can really see that The Fullbright Company had some great ideas. If they could transfer this approach to an actual game with substance, then I’m confident that it would have some real potential."
76561198009595827,Not Recommended,232430,10681689,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dickmeis,This sucks really what are videogames turning into? ♥♥♥♥ graphics i want GAMEplay where is the ♥♥♥♥ing freaking hell gameplay in this♥♥♥♥♥♥it is like putting a photo into a dvd and calling it a movie.
,Not Recommended,232430,11061860,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,hopeless,"No, just no."
,Not Recommended,232430,11059003,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,LucastheBird,Just a really complex way to come out of the closet. I hate this game.
,Not Recommended,232430,14319551,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Skipperin,"(May contain spoilers, nothing specific)First, the pleasantries. The gameplay was fun, each room holding a ""Where's Waldo?"" game for me (Waldo being interactable objects). This may sound odd but my favorite parts of the game were the sounds of rain on the windows and roof and of thunder with its flashes of lightning. Not only were they great in terms of graphics and sound quality, they really fostered a beautiful atmosphere and sounded lovely. The rain blurring the windows was a great idea for obscuring the house's surroundings, so even from the beginning the focus is on the house and its contents.Now, the reason why I can't reccomend the game. The story, and Sam, disappointed me but not for the reason easiest to assume. I have no issues whatsoever with Sam's sexuality, only with the journey she took to discover it. I am Katie's age and I have two younger sisters. If I came home from a year abroad and found evidence all over the house that my sister(s) had felt so alone during the transition period to the new house and school, that she had eventually started smoking, lying to our parents and sneaking out, reading graphic magazines (portraying either gender), and having sex with a kid from her high school? I would have been very, very concerned. Actually, that's an understatement; I'd have been devastated that my sister(s)--whom I love dearly--had gone through so much loneliness and then so much change and I hadn't even been there for it. And the fact that my sister(s) had run away with aforementioned sex partner, without a even a plan or idea of how to support themselves, would worry me to no end. Nevermind any kind of censure for her actions, I'd be worried about her safety and wellbeing!The story is driven entirely on emotion, but in my experience, emotion is only a component of finding happiness. Sometimes emotion is too restrained and opportunities escape, and other times common sense is abandoned because of (even quite genuine) feelings. The story was unbalanced and Sam and Lonnie both were acting almost solely on their emotions throughout the story.The stale parents were a part of the problem. Katie's absence was a part of the problem. Sam's heart doing all of the talking without any input from her head was part of the problem. She grew up on swashbuckling adventures and her story in the game is a pure romance, but nothing in life is purely romantic."
,Not Recommended,232430,16545350,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,エズィデニアサ,"I didn't finish the game, so there might be more complaints I a might rewrite it. But it is simple why I can't recommend this game, the Models are Awful!. Now you think why is that important, the Atmosphere is quite nice and the theme kinda interesting and Indie games aren't known for AAA Graphics but for interestingly Graphics which are more artistic than realistic. But this game is about going back into a home of the 90s, an American home because a European would be much more Techno Music!. And what is Important? To see what it looks like, man I don't want any crazy effects but please make at least the models look realistic, there where telephones, TVs etc. that look like crap, like they where made for the PS1, totally deformed! I own a 90s Mobile! I own allot of old stuff to like Consoles, Radios, Kitchen Utilities, and everything has a specific look and design but if you totally deform those pieces by making plump models you destroy all the nostalgia!. Is it really that hard to want some decent modeled Models? Some of those look even worse than what I do! And I just started some months ago with 3D Modeling! So WTF? It is so unfortunate that this destroys the whole game for me but that is how it is and you shouldn't buy an half♥♥♥♥♥nostalgic walking simulator."
,Not Recommended,232430,8792780,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,ModernMyth,"You walk around and find letters, that's it. Jesus Christ."
,Recommended,232430,8548909,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,noddy,"A fantastic exploration-based story game. You play as a young woman named Katie who just arrived home from a year-long tour of Europe. You come home to an empty house that your family had moved to while you were away. As you begin looking around, you slowly uncover what has happened in the lives of your mother, your father, and most importantly your younger sister, Sam, while you were away.While another form of media may have been more appropriate to convey this story, the use of a video game still does the story  justice with its ability to evoke a range of emotions. Since the player unfolds the story at their own pace from the first-person point of view of Katie, the story comes across in a much more personal manner."
,Not Recommended,232430,8470094,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Mamizou ♥,"This game tries to sell you on a mystery, however that mystery falls quite flat. Don't even think of paying $10, let alone $20 for a short, underwhelming, and by just a few minutes in, predicatable ""adventure"" game."
76561198149519266,Recommended,232430,25370157,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,merilerile,"So I kinda found it in my library with no memory of ever buying this game. And I was like: well yeah, I might as well play it right now, it looks cool, so I just clicked play. And now: there's an empty house, everything is dark and storm I can hear storm outsite. Honestly, I was expecting some horror like game. Made sense.I did not get a horror hame, this one has nothing to do with horror. What I've got was so so much better - a peaceful, nice story told by the sister's voice. It was just so lovely and heart-warming, all nice and fuzzy inside. It's so worth it, just to go along and slowly discover how the family lives, what is happening. It's about two hours of just a lovely story that you discover slowely, putting all the pieces together. I'm recommending it so so much."
,Recommended,232430,8046817,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Metalgun Slinger,"gone home is apuzzle game you got've to find out how to get into a house. but if you walk into this house of 1995 you'll never walk out the same again. i can't control my emotion and neither do you. here's a tip place a bunch of pens and pencil into the pizza box and close it, for a good old laugh. nobody kno w where those pencils are except for you and me."
,Recommended,232430,30694061,Posted: 23 March,all,Jiunix,"Gone Home is a beautiful and heart warming story. It has great voice acting and a fairly well designed setting. It's also good at creating an ominous tone and atmosphere, until you begin to ease into the story. You play as the sister of the narrator, returning home from a trip to an empty house. There's the main story, and smaller subplots that you discover as you go through the game. The game does very well with the idea ""show, don't tell"", and makes sure the things you interact with are beneficial to the plot. This chosen form of narration and storytelling is unique, relying on your involvement and discovery of the story for it to unravel.This being said, I can't quite label this as a full fleged game due to its really short playtime and overall limited experience. Your actions don't affect the end/outcome of the game, and there is no other goal than to get to the end of its one main story. Gone Home excells cinematically and in terms of a narrative; It's a great interactive story, but it fails to deliver a genuine experience as a ""game"" especially at its base $20 price point.Endpoint: Don't buy this game at full price; wait for a sale or something. Do still get the game at some point, as the story is gives you is worth experiencing."
76561198164256492,Not Recommended,232430,16833759,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,mespo001,there is no reason this game should be more than $5 it is less than 3 hours of content and the story line begins promising but ends in sappy highschool nonsense
,Not Recommended,232430,16917125,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Iyamtebist,"A 2 hour walking simulator with a frustrating control scheme, poor framerates, and a love story that may as well have been made in madlibs, all for $20.00. If you are looking for an atmopsheric gameplay-less story driven title about a relationship, I'd suggest checking out Serena instead. That game is better written, controls better, and paced better than Gone Home and is free to boot.Full Review Herehttp://www.gamefaqs.com/PC/690564-gone-home/reviews/158375"
,Not Recommended,232430,16837786,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,BattleKitty,"Bought this game on sale for $2.50, and regret spending even that. Definitely don't buy at full price. If you're looking for something story rich, don't play this game. Took all of an hour to finish and the story was dull. The beginning was fun and had you interested in investigating, however, it ends abruptly without any build up. So much could have been done to better this game."
76561197984771375,Not Recommended,232430,16764738,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,GrimReaper,"For a $20 game it doesnt have much content, it took me an hour to finish the campaign which wasnt that great. So if you want to try out the new steam refund system, be my guest."
,Recommended,232430,29761922,Posted: 7 February,all,GlitchiDawn,"I rarely write reviews, but I had to for this game.I don't even have much to say, other than it was an amazing story.I cried so much throughout it and that has never happened with video games for me. I understand that this story may not be relatable with everyone, but for me personally, it was absolutely hard to get through purely because of how real it hit home.The more the story unfolds, the more it got to me. Reviews are always going to be biased purely because everyone has different tastes when it comes to art in general, but I couldn't not make a review after this experience.I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,232430,8422970,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,RedPandaGamer,"The Fullbright Companies' understanding of what is is like to be a young dumb kid who is considered weird for the dumbest reasons is astounding. In one of the most realistic/accurate narrative games I have ever played Gone Home has you exploring a house you have been away from for quite some time, but your mother,father, and sister Sam have all left plenty of hints of what life has been like while you were away. It's smart, mature, witty, and a time capsule of the mid 90s. While the game's $20 price tag may seem on the high side, it is a priceless experience. Go into the game with an open mind."
,Recommended,232430,7843010,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Crowzer,"In my opinion, not really a game, rather an interactive story. Pretty short, but insanely good; 2 hours (only) of suspense in manor lost in wood. You get an urge to know what happened there and you reveal, step by step, the whole story (this latter is quite nice by the way, go further for the sub-story). Gone Home is exploration, examination... but no jump scares, no kills, no guns... and all in year 1995.My advice is you should buy it with sale time. Honestly, almost 20€ it's quite expensive. Also, Gone Home isn't suitable for everyone due of its gameplay.A must have for 5€ !"
76561198061515807,Not Recommended,232430,14486176,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,norahelmer13,"I'm not really sure I liked this game.  I am the type of player to take my time and look at every detail.  But the whole set up for the game was misleading.  I really thought this was going to be a horror story.  And if it were, then it would be set up to be a great one.  The on going storm in the background and creaky house noises, along with a blown out light bulb all set me up for a gruesome ending.  But at its core, this is just a narrative about love.What people enjoy about this is the ability to openly explore and look at nearly every object.  Even the sound track is not bad.  But I was on edge the whole time waiting for a horror storyline to play out, and at the end I kind of felt robbed.  There were just so many elements that were brought up in the story and never realy explored.  Not to mention that this isn't the type of game that is worth replaying.  However, I did get this during a decent sale, and while it holds no significance to me, it was nice to experience this type of game for the first time and be able to critique it like a novel."
76561198060451350,Recommended,232430,21629709,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,ShortforRichard,"This game is super bittersweet. I enjoyed it much more than Stanley Parable. Fun point and clicking through some family drama.*SPOILER ALERT*Father going through mid-life crisis, mother maybe having an affair, and younger sister coming out of the closet. Could kind of tell where the story was going after Samantha described Lonnie as the cool rebel senior whose in a punk rock band and super good at Street Fighter. The game was a little predictable would be my only complaint. Solid walking simulator indie game. 4/5"
76561198129677793,Recommended,232430,11592329,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,misty_falls,"My favorite part of this game is the environment. The house is beautiful, filled with nostalgia from ths 90s. Exploring is a delight rather than feeling it's a task. The game is narrated very well through journals that you'll find. However, the plot isn't really that compelling as I prefer it would be. While playing the game, I was hoping something dark would happen. Nonetheless, I'm still impressed by the attention to details this game has. From simple things like posters to huge pieces like furnitures and appliances."
,Not Recommended,232430,12484129,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Echoes and Specters,"Gone Home might have been an enjoyable experience if it were a very small piece in a much larger game. As it stands, this walking simulator desperately tries to force the whole ""90's"" ambience within the house while trying to force us to care about players that are never introduced.The game finalizes the nail in the coffin by never even really ""introducing"" the protagonist. Yes, you learn all about the character you're controlling, but those bits of trivia are lost by the fact that she has no significance. Her journey is completely linear, and everything is so sterile and unapproachable that it makes the player feel indifferent to her fate.Finally, the main ""story"" of Gone Home is rubbish. Yes, you learn about the family, and you learn what happened to your sister while you were in Amsterdam. How do you do this? By finding little snippets of paper that cue voice-overs, and letters addressed to different members of the household. But here's the thing- we have NO reason to care about these people, nor does the pitiful inclusion of their details evoke any emotion. It's just fodder to make the game feel longer than it should've been.I bought the game for around $6 and it still felt terribly overpriced once I played it. Watch a Let's Play- it'll be more entertaining than anything you can do with the game by yourself."
,Not Recommended,232430,11288760,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Dros Hyrozan,"Terrible support for a video game. Tried to start the game black screen. Go to the forums, try EVERY solution, nothing works aside from uninstalling my antivirus software supposedly(yeah Im not doing that for ANY game). Dont support a developer that wont fix simple bugs and requires you to get rid of you antivirus. 0/10 wont be buying anymore from this developer.Also I demand that if the Devs are going to shout from the rooftops that you can only fix the black screen problem by disabling your antivirus they have to put it on the front page like an early access game, because thats a major detail that needs to be known before buying."
,Not Recommended,232430,13905850,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Spartan L16,"Warning: Spoilers!This game looks great, it's fun to explore the house but other than that... It's really anti-climatic and boring considering.The story is basically you come home, and you gotta find out why nobodys home and why you're sister has just up and left.Spoiler!She's lesbian and the game is about learning her romance with this girl.as cool as the game looks, and the fine attention to detail; it really didn't appeal to me with it's story.And certainly not worth $20."
,Not Recommended,232430,8406864,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,TUSR,"It was an okay movie, don't think id watch again"
76561198100296316,Not Recommended,232430,8543964,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Alex,this game makes me want to gouge my eyes out
76561197969894862,Not Recommended,232430,8602330,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Pal Joey ATTACK,I played this game from start to end after hearing people rave about it. Here are the things I wish I knew before I started:* There is absolutely no gameplay* Nothing happens.* It's as lame as it is in the first 20 minutes as the last.* The only thing you do in this game is read letters and hear letters read to you. Don't bother looking at non-letter items. They're not letters. They don't do anything.* Everyone who likes this is wrong and I am the only right person.
,Not Recommended,232430,8688816,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,LazyFly,"Anticlimactic.The writers threw a lot of interesting subject matter in the pot but what came out was both predictable and mundane. I did not rush through the story but I had guessed the ending long before the finale (rather shortly after opening sequence).I really like what the devs tried to do here (the atmosphere was great!) and I hope in the future they expand on it but in this case, I'm almost sorry that I bit the hook.Given that this title will give you roughly 2 hours of gameplayat mostwith little point of replay it hardly earns its pricetag compared to other games in the genre."
,Not Recommended,232430,9084735,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,ohiomambo,"I am so glad I bought this game for a few bucks in the sale. I'd be going mad if I bought it for 20!!The game is so not worth the hype. It basically is just a point and click adventure. Well, let's leave out the adventure. So it basically is just.. point and click.Because of the hype around it, I expected a mind blowing story while wandering through the (very detailed!) abandoned house. But nothing! You are left alone with actually an open end. You don't get to know what happened with the owners of the house. And the thing is: You don't even care! It's not a cliff hanger! Because the game doesn't make you wanna know what happened.While wandering through the house, listening to the answering machine, finding notes, and looking at the left overs of the owner, you listen to the story of the girl (I don't even remember in which relation she stood) who fell in love with another girl, but her girl left for the army (I think it was like that). And the parents of the girl telling the story are not okaywith it bla bla, heard it all before, average story.But you'e got to hand it to the game that it has a really really great and detailed setting. It makes you feel comfy in the house and makes it so real.But after findinghidden doors and all of that,I actually expected some kind of ghost story, or something spectacular that happened in that house. But the game gives you no impulsion on investigating further, I felt no urge to get into the story.Nice setting, but more kippers and curtains!!!"
,Not Recommended,232430,11146943,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Flayer 1,"Nothing more than a barely interactive story with a misleading premise. The house itself is beautifully crafted, but the atmosphere does not fit the story at all. The game design and story feel like two separate developments glued together.Gone Home is unreasonably short, with virtually no actual game play. It is impossible to ever fail, nor is there any challenge to the game. One simply progresses through the story until it's end. It is the videogame equivalent of a museum audio tour.Overhyped and overpriced."
,Not Recommended,232430,11555979,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,kanks .•°,"Very short and extremely overrated. I appreciate what it is trying to do, but it is far too short and so minimal that it is hard to justify the price. $20 for 1-2 hours of an interactive narrative is pretty silly.Right as it grabs you the game is over - interesting but disappointing."
76561198011075852,Not Recommended,232430,11560854,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,kannsnichtlassen,"Boring Setting, boring Characters, boring exploration and the list goes on.I have read visual novels with more GAMEPLAY than this ""game"".You just walk through 1 house and look at all the stuff that is littered around like in a point and click adventure but without ANY puzzles. Yepp. This game is as tense and interesting as a point and click adventure without puzzles . Watching paint dry is more worthwhile than this.But, ohhh, the PROGRESSIVE Story! It is so progressive that it is almost nonexistant. Your sister gets bullied and then did something spoilertastic because she got bullied. I have played gameboy color games (Lufia the legend returns) that offer far more and deeper storylines than this.In short: no real gameplay, no real story, no real anything. The only thing that moved me to tears about this game was that i payed actual money for this garbage."
76561197997530228,Not Recommended,232430,11614083,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,loliconomics,"A lot of people get up in arms about whether or not this thing is a ""game"" or ""interactive fiction"" or a ""walking simulator"". The point is: There are plenty of games with equal or less mechanics and objectives than Gone Home. Gome Home is a game that thives on ""environmental storytelling"", which means using the surroundings of the player to give the player narrative information without with dialogue or a cutscene. The developers of the game last worked on DLC to Bioshock 2 (a series known for this stuff), so it's no suprise that they use the same tricks. Notes left around, rooms in various states to give clues to what happened in the past, and voice over narration while you play. The problem is that even if the way the story is presented is okay, the story it's telling has to be good, especially when there are no engaging mechanics or interesting gameplay scenarios. The game is basically a teenage romance novel in interactive form. You run around a house alone uncovering a dysfunctional family's deepest secrets through notes laid out in the open in convienient chronologic order. The primary story (and only narrated one) is of a troubled lonely teenage girl who finds friendship and love through a super special awesome young woman and has to deal with a her dissaproving christian parents. While the subplots with the parents were kind of interesting, I just feel the story is kind of trite and mediocre. It just plays out like a teenage wishfufillment novel. There's nothing wrong with a grounded, realistic story,  but it's so predictable and leaves plenty of headscratching plot holes at the end. And the way the house is set up in such an absurd fashion with the notes and the arbitrary key hunt doesn't aid in the believability. The only other appeal to this game if you aren't into shoddy gay love stories would I guess be nostalgia factor, considering the house is plastered in gratuitous 90's iconography."
,Not Recommended,232430,8511955,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,*~ℯ✗ℯ~* A-TA-TA,"I know, why you are intrested now (as I was once) -  the advertising of this game is well-done - during all the game I was waiting for something till... it just finished. Mmm... What a disappointment...There was plenty of plots to discover... but all of them were dead-end. Firstly, you have a feeling that a thriller, even a horror story awaits... but it's just a snotty story about two underaged lesbians... pff, is it intresting?!Finally, the feeling I've got was like when you open many boxes to find nothing. Well, no, you find - a bundle of snots. Worthless.Если честно, реклама игры на высоте - всё время ждал, когда же начнётся действо, и вдруг... прошёл игру. Мда... Обидно, блин... Было столько классных завязок сюжета... которые не были использованы. Поначалу кажется - триллер, можно сказать хоррор стори, а оказывается - пошлая в своей банальности история двух малолетних лесбиянок... нашли, чем удивить, нax!Резюмируя вышесказанное: чувство, которое я испытал сродни тому, что испытываешь, когда развёртывая много упаковок на подарке, внутри ничего не находишь. Хотя нет, находишь - соплю. Дешёвка."
,Not Recommended,232430,10493648,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,20MATAR,Drawer opening simulator
,Not Recommended,232430,11159571,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,PlayerOneTyler,Extremely anti-climatic story for the setting.
76561197963759957,Not Recommended,232430,11188257,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,newjack,"I like this genre, but the story could have been better. Get this game if it's 3-5 dollars. For a game with no gameplay, I would seriously reccomend a game like To the Moon if you are interested in a game with a story line and not much game play (point and click, or a simulator of some sort)I was a bit dissapointed with this game. I'd give it a 5/10"
,Not Recommended,232430,11191506,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,piece of human garbage,"I don't know what to make of this ""game"". It's more of a story, gameplay just amounts to opening doors, picking♥♥♥♥♥♥up, and listen to your little sister whine about how misunderstood she is. The story also has a building sense of dread. Where is your family? Was the previous owner of this house a murderer? Does he still haunt the house? This horror element is a lie, with the buildup turning into a huge♥♥♥♥♥let down, because there's NOTHING THERE. The game also tries to sucker 90's kids and teens in, With SNES cartridges, VHS tapes of The X Files, as well as old school action and sci-fi films, like Blade Runner, Mad Max, Robocop, etc. The game also suckers in Punk fans with numerous references to awesome punk bands, as well as having playable tapes from your sister's girlfiend's garage band (BLEGH). Numerous side plots that could've been interesting are unexplored fully, such as your father's failing writing career, and whether or not your mother is cheating on your father. Instead, the focus is on your whiny antisocial sister and her fake punk girlfriend, in a cliched forbidden love story that ends predictably, yet being completely unsatisfying in any way, shape or form. There is no replay value, unless you want to farm trading cards, but the worst offense is the game time and price. When not on sale, the game is 20 bucks, and it only last 2 HOURS! Really? Come on guys, 2 hours for 20 bucks? You couldn't have made it cheaper? If you catch thsi game on sale for 5 dollars, and you want to try it for some reason, go ahead. But at its current price tag, don't waste your time."
,Not Recommended,232430,8337340,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Benegripe,"Too short for this price. 2 hours long, no gameplay at all (3d story), no replay value, doesnt reward you for reding all the crap, just need to triger the events of journal."
,Recommended,232430,11093252,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,BrightLancer,"This game is about discovery -- watch out for spoilers on the Community pages!Gone Home is an interactive story to be discovered, rather than solved.  As the main character Katie, you walk around the house and interact with items to learn about the family. There are no monsters or assassins to jump out at you.The voice acting is great and the story is exceptional. I was impressed by the way they built the interaction. It is short, perhaps an hour or two of play, depending how you go. You may be able to skip parts and reach the end faster; I suggest taking your time and enjoy the story.I picked it up on sale and was quite happy with it, though the regular price ($19.99) seems very high."
,Not Recommended,232430,9108476,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,JustKidding723,i think its kinda messed up that i paid 19.99 for this game and one the next day its on sale for 7.99 and two i finished it in like an hour. now i will say the amount of interaction is nice you can pritty much look at anything. however in the game there is onemain story line and they hint on others but you have no way of figuring out the others. in other word i did injoy it wile it lasted but its not worth the money. i would MAYBE pay .99 for it but it really should just be free for how short it is.
,Not Recommended,232430,10441611,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Dr. Gankenstein,"It was sorta worth playing but dont pay more than 7 or 8 bucks for it, wait for it to go on sale.. I was hoping for more of a sci-fi mystery or fantasy genere. This is pretty much a romance novel as a computer game. Exploration and puzzles serve for nothing more than revealing sound bites of a story that really didnt interest me. It kept teasing that it might turn into horror but never happened.Also works with xbox 360 controller but will NOT work with PS3 Controller."
,Not Recommended,232430,11129544,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Sox,"If you're going to buy this, don't buy it for the full price. Otherwise you would have spent 20$ for 30mins of your time if you don't look at 90% of the details (which not only isn't worth your time, but you don't them need to beat the game and understand what happened.)Okay story. Interesting atmosphere, but it's not a game.The only reason why people like this is because it's just an interactable love story. It has a more interesting subplot than the main story itself, but that subplot's not worth searching because not only is there no worthwhile reward, but it doesn't tie in to anything or make sense. The story behind it isn't even that believable, just way too perfect and plastic to be realistic.Critics need to stop putting these ""virtual novels"" like Dear Esther and Sword & Sworcery on such a high pedestal. ""Oh great! This game has such amazing emotional appeal! And it's about love!"" So what, this program's ethos is no different from every other love story on the planet, and the incredibly BRIBED metacritic score is mocking other developers and showing others that they might be squandering their effort on something that's actually worth playing when it's getting less amount of praise than this.I'm sorry if this came across as sour or anything worse to anyone, but I and MANY others don't feel that this ""game"" deserves the attention it's getting. If this had came out a decade ago it would have been ripped apart for what it really is.TL;DR : Thanks for telling me I can make a psuedo controversial love story and put it inside a virtual sandbox. The developers and critics are giant trolls."
,Not Recommended,232430,11131995,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,LT Netjak,"Not sure what to think of this title. Is it a game or an interactive story? This alone changes the basic nature of how to approach this title. So I'll just split the baby and touch on both.Game -Gone Home is a terrible game.The premise of the game is you explore a large house circa 1995 to uncover a story (this will be part of the story section later) by picking up objects, looking at them and exploring the house. There's not much to love here. The pacing is painful since your avatar walks extremely slowly. The object examination is much like the worst parts of LA Noir where you pick up random cigarette butts. Exciting objects you can pick up and learn more about include:PencilBlank notebookShot glassSoda canEraserVideo game cartridge (console itself missing, but cords mysteriously left, rendering it useless)Empty casette tape casesThe house is littered with random trash that you get to ""interact"" with, for some reason. The rest of the game is set up as a peck-and-hunt title where you seek out keys to inexplicably locked doors. Good thing Kaitlin came home early because Mom and Dad would be angry at Sam not for (spoiler later in the story section below) but for making them take a goofy route of finding a key in a loose wall panel, unlocking the basement, finding a hidden door just to get tot he hallway to open the door to the kitchen. The ice cream would have melted all over the floor by that point if they decided to stop off and get food on the way home.And...that's it. There's literally nothing else to do. You play a couple of bad 90s era grunge songs, pick stuff up, and practically nothing else. The presence of a SNES in the pre-release videos (absent in the release game) could have offered up a cool little side game where you played mock retro titles, but that was a missed opportunity.Interactive Story -The interactive story side doesn't fare much better.***WARNING - BEYOND THIS POINT THERE BE SPOILERS***Throughout the title, there are five storylines that are revealed through looking at the objects that aren't random house junk. The first story is a bit of a slap in the face that centers around the Uncle that died and left the house to your avatar's father. There was discussion of occult events, mysterious deaths, an electrical inspector that couldn't find out why the the electricity randomly failed, and various occult easter eggs hidden around the house, from a creepy crucifix in a hidden room to the sister's, Sam, attempts to contact the ghost. The storyline abruptly ended about 20 minutes in and was never concluded, even if it was a simple ""yup, found the problem with the wiring, squirrel built a nest over some wires"".The second story is about Dad's career as a writer. It talks about his attempt at being a published author and his first publisher dropping him when the first two books of his revisionist conspiracy theory history failed to sell well. It talked about how he reviewed stereo equipment to make some cash in the mean time, almost out of desperation. It is implied that this drove him to alcoholism. A third book was agreed to be picked up by a conspiracy theorist publishing group, but there is conflicting information with notes from the Mom to the Dad about not giving up. Again, there is no resolution. Did he actually publish the work? Did it succeed under a different, more targeted label? Did he give up reviewing stereo equipment? The story line, again, abruptly ended with no resolution. Did he ever kick his alcoholism?The third story centers on Mom and a very brief overview of her life. A Canadian expat, she works for the forestry service. After performing well she was promoted to a supervisory position. This just ends here, no further information, just random background noise.The fourth story centers on the difficulties Mom and Dad are having in their marriage. There is very little information on this presented and all we know is that the reason the parents are gone is that they're at a counciling retreat. As a running theme, the story doesn't go anywhere and there is no resolution.The fifth and main storyline is about Sam and her life since your main character left for her European tour. She went through changing changing schools, dealing with rumors of living in a haunted house, discovering and developing her writing talents to the point she won a partial scholarship to a university literary program, and finding one friend in Lonnie. Over the course of their friendship, Sam begins to come to realize she is a lesbian and, surprise, so is Lonnie. They grow closer, to the dismay of their parents who think its just a phase. It touches on the pain, confusion and abandonment that growing up to discover your sexual preference is different and not seen as positively by others.Then it goes off and turns insulting to the entire LGBT community. Lonnie, being the first LGBT individual Sam ever met, are thus required to immediately fall into deep, true and lasting love. It comes off as ""you're lesbian too? Wow, we have so much in common, let's run off together and get married."" The entire story played out like a classic coming to terms with sexuality and the inexperience of youth, just from a LGBT point of view. Most people end up figuring out that the first ""love"" is anything but youthful inexperience of raging hormones creating an attraction to a different person. Where Gone Home flies off the rails is that Sam and Lonnie abandon promising futures to run off together to, who knows, a major theme of this story is ""give the audience information then leave them hanging"" as it, again, abruptly stops with a casette recording about how Sam decided to run off with Lonnie, Sam abandoning her college future and Lonnie skipping out on the Army that was her dream in life (it's not AWOL or deserting since you can back out any time without penalty before completing Basic). The story never even bothered to mention if that hysterical crying on the answering machine was before or after Sam decided to leave. Is Sam currently in trouble as you ignored the cry for help with a sister in real danger as you slowly padded around the house opening empty underwear drawers? Or did Sam not bother listening to Lonnie on the answering machine when she called Sam after her rather shallow, as the game information presents it, revelation?A much stronger story would likely have either presented WAY more information over a longer time period on the relationship between Sam and Lonnie that left little doubt that this was legitimate and not just a ""first time I'm mutually attracted to someone"" scenario or, even better, this. At the end, you go up into the attic photo development studio and find Sam curled up and crying over the loss of her first love. Your character then comforts her and promises to support her through this difficult time. A denumont would then discuss how, despite the fact that their parents never did approve, the emtional stability Sam was provided by her sister gave her the strength to take advantage of the scholarship and, as an older and more mature person, found her true soul mate in someone else. Kaitlin's support gave Sam the strength to develop a healthy, mature relationship with another woman that was built on common understanding and strength, no the ""you're the only lesbian in town"" presentation we got with the Sam-Lonnie relationship.So, really, even as an interactive story, it's not that good.I got it on a sale for around $2.50 or so. At the current (as of this posting) $20, it's a complete ripoff. Even at $2.50, it's hard to recommend this title given the poor pacing and story crafting. The lack of an actual game here is also tough to stomach.4/10 - good effort, but no follow through."
,Not Recommended,232430,8476256,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Shifty Shifts,"Gone Home is one of the worst games I have ever played. Please do not let reviewers trick you into thinking this is new and innovative. It isn't. It is given high reviews because of the subject matter. It has to deal with a young girl coming to grips with her sexuality. Just because a game deals with homosexuality, and the struggle of a girl growing up and discovering herself does not mean it is good. If I could find one thing to say about this game, it is that the way it moves the story forward makes it not feel as linear as it is... it feels natural. However why would that matter if the story is awful?"
,Not Recommended,232430,9107767,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Baery,Great game if you are into storytelling but it doesn't deserve a million game of the year awards.
,Not Recommended,232430,11199925,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,RealityShifter,"Bought this game based on all the positive critical reviews on found on the internet. After finishing it im left feeling dissapointed. The game is short < 5 hrs and there is no actual combat to be had. Thats fine, but I thought there might be at least a monster or two to hide from. Thats simply not the case. The buildup of suspense in this game is epic but nothing ultimately happens. Its presented like a haunted house scenario, but the setting is actually kind of a lie in the end. It really had nothing to do with the actual story once you figure it out. I kept expecing a monster to jump out at some point as the suspense would suggest but it never actually happend. The actual gameplay is just clicking on stuff, then examining it, then seeing if unlocks another area. I got this for 5 bucks on steam and still felt dissapointed. Definately  dont pay full price for this or you are going to be very unhappy."
76561197974185481,Not Recommended,232430,10610665,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,phafu,"Awful. There is no game to be had.  The description tries to convice you that it is something that it is not. There is no adventure, no puzzles, just a bunch of clicking.  Worst game I've played in years."
76561197970537769,Not Recommended,232430,8576031,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Dr. Jimcy,"What a colossal waste of money.I honestly can't remember the last time I ended a game in sheer anger like that.This ""game"" is little more then a youtube video you click with the ramblings of a high school girl.Anyone emotionally touched by this story is a liar. They're just interested in the sociopolitical aspect of the story."
76561198149984012,Recommended,232430,32377769,Posted: 12 June,all,myerlemons,"To start: I am a lesbian. I knew this game had a lesbian storyline when I bought it.HOWEVER, I must say that this game truly took me by suprise. I have never truly seen a game where I felt I was represented so clearly. The story is immersive and frankly brought tears to my eyes. I wish there were more games out there like this. Just.. WOW.It's definetely casual, some may call it boring, even, but I found it excellent stress relief during finals week.10/10 would recommend. IF YOU ARE A QUEER WOMAN, PLAY THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,232430,9266801,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Marcelus,"If you were a teenager or a kid during the 90's you'll love it. It has a lot of details from those years. The art style is the right choice.Very recommended and of course if you want to replay the experience you have a ""dev's commentary mode"". Enjoy it! ;)"
,Recommended,232430,16768205,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Insert Name Here,"This was honestly a great game. I wasn't sure what to expect when I got it, but when I played it, It had a very interesting feel. I was kind of creeped out at first then, I had a knot in my stomach as the story went on, It felt like it might have a very dark ending. At the end I cant say much because I want you to have the same experience I had, but it was just a great game."
,Recommended,232430,243265,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Lord Weh,"Gone Home is a very slow game that forgoes standard gameplay mechanics in place of a strong but subtle story. You discover this story by moving through the environments of an empty house, hoping to meet your family as you return home from a long trip across Europe.The environments are full of little plots and clues, you pick up notes and letters, audio diaries and bits of tat from an everyday life, turning them over and examining them for the stories they might hold. Through exploring the house and examining the wealth of items inside, you piece together the mystery of where your family is.Set in '95, the game is steeped in little period details; VHS tapes, old TV magazines and X-Files posters, cassette tapes and more. The environments themselves suggest some of the stories that are playing out... events are crossed out in planners, dates scratched through or ammended on calendars, notes from family and friends hastily written and left on the side, discarded thoughts on torn paper lie screwed up in a waste paper basket. It's subtle, but it becomes a very powerful way of communicating the pieces of the story. Gradually you begin to understand the situation that has been unfolding in the house in your absence.The game never overplays its message, instead it handles it in a very mature, thoughtful way that really helped to create empathy between me and the characters.It's very slow, it's very short, and it's very powerful."
76561198001683260,Recommended,232430,20327102,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,a pinata full of d4s,Good for speedrunning!
76561198007000263,Recommended,232430,9463843,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,boblob40k,I cri every tim ;_;
,Recommended,232430,9864066,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,jaro.pivarci,"Interesting, slow, moody, not scary, exploring...basically daughter comes home early from a European trip and finds family house abandoned so she tries to figure out what happened by exploring every room. She finds many clues and secret rooms...."
,Recommended,232430,9866506,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,elyst,"A very fun, adventure game. Finished it the first day I got it, I was so excited. It's shorter than you'd expect and has an eerie effect to the game. Overall, I recommend this game, as you play as Katie, who comes home and finds out what happens."
,Recommended,232430,9864375,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Polyoculus,"A wonderful, voyeuristic experience. Not quite worth $20 however. 2 hour game. No replayability. I'd be happy paying $10. No more. I foresee this indie company making some amazing games in the near future."
,Recommended,232430,7939071,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Senppuu,"This game is all about story and exploration, you get to know a lot of characters without ever meeting them. I really enjoyed it, but I would say it's not worth the full price, since you can finish the game in less than 1 hour, and after that there's not much left to do."
76561198048888769,Recommended,232430,11496137,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,FrauFledermaus,"This game frightened me. Like it frightened me, when I was alone in my parents house during a thunderstorm. But nevertheless you have a lot to explore, find wonderful little details, good music and experience a very touching story. I strongly recommend it!"
76561198123434976,Recommended,232430,14925848,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,McLean,A lot of people describe Gone Home as a walking simulater and would then say that it isn't a game. The people who say that are blind to the amazing game design. Fullbright was able to pull off something that I have never experienced before. The mansion you explore during the course of the game is so well crafted that it feels natural to explore. It feels like this family has lived there. The genius is that if any one part of the mansion wasn't perfect the entire game would collapse. It literally is a house of cards. While some may say that certain areas you find later on aren't natural they explain that as well. They don't call it the pyscho house for nothing. It definetly isn't the longest game in the world even if you explore every bit of the mansion. I finished in just under three hours so if you think twenty dollars is to much for a rather short experience then wait for it to go on sale. However I still highly recommend playing this game. In my opinion I would give it a 9/10.
,Not Recommended,232430,7965989,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Lolerinc,PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥I ♥♥♥♥ING HATE YOUR LESBIANIC GAME
76561198108302928,Recommended,232430,34912011,Posted: 12 September,all,thelankiller,"Gone home is one 0f the few games that can not only build atmosphere but hold it in place through the entire experience. The story being the main focus is exacuted perfectly, I was nether not finding out more about the home or Katie's family and while the art style is simple it plays off well with the environmental storytelling. This is enhaced by the voice acting and the sound design, both of which were enjoyabe even if the sound effect kept me constantly tense. The only thing that was breaking the immersion was a bug where the top right of the screen would fizzle when I looked at certain walls or parts of the house. Otherwise a very enjoyable experience and a must buy if you have played similer games like Journey, what remains of edith finch, Everybody's Gone to the Rapture and Firewatch."
,Not Recommended,232430,14045668,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,SlyTheFoxx,"IfI could give it a Meh score I would. That being the case I will have to give this a thumbs down. For me this was a good time killer as i interacted in a scenery that told a story. If you are looking for anything but a time killer, this is not the game for you.You play as a Katie, a girl who returns home from a trip. From there you must search your house to uncover the mytery of what is going on. You're pretty much free to waltz around the house and go through all the rooms.Unfortunately, there are no major plot points, or surprises to be found. You  go along searching for answers and well... that's about it. A couple of minor combination puzzles are here and there. You start to develope an understanding for Katie's family. That's about it.The game is what you make of it. I personally enjoyed it and looted the building down with a fine tooth comb. Though there's not a very deep story line you do get a solid sense of Katie's family life. . . Needless to say i was very bored when i decided to play this game and I feel you're going to have to be bored too or else you will be disapointed.I got the game in a bundle and I find the current 20.00 price tag to be a bit ridiculous. I'm sure the makers put in a lot of hard work, but the game is much to simple to warrent the price. I felt this could have made a better animated short story than a game. Maybe even an audio book... In fact, this is pretty much an audio book. There just needs to be MORE if that's the ange the creator would want to spin it.All in all... if you do get your hands on a copy of the game I hope you enjoy it for what it's worth. A simple interactive story."
76561198083613589,Not Recommended,232430,11112293,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Valentina,dont waste your money
76561198017274073,Not Recommended,232430,7815579,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,sbmmaster,"What a waste! The game's method of storytelling is amazing and top-notch, but the story it chooses to tell falls completely flat. Although the game  advertises itself as being played by the older sister attempting to figure out what happened with her family and thus makes the sister seem important, in actuality the game revolves around the younger sister, with only a few nods made toward the mother and father. The story could be summed up as her coming-of-age and how she finds herself, which is nice enough on the outside, but not all people who ""find themselves"" do so by making good choices. Without spoiling it, I felt as intrigued with the sorry of the younger sister as I would with the story of how a soldier got sent home by shooting himself in the foot.Graphically the home starts out wonderfully realized and seems like a house real people would live in, but by the end of the game the house is so vast and repeats itself so much that it starts to feel very static. And although the house itself feels vast, the game world as a whole feels small. And unfortunately that's all that can really be said about this game."
,Recommended,232430,10861718,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,NO HOMERS,Anything that makes little whiny ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ male gamers get so upset is automatically an 11/10 for me.
,Not Recommended,232430,8544094,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,beilnarman,"This game is clearly well made, graphically and functionally, but it is FAR too short and rather easy. The game really only leaves you one path to follow, and following that path only requires the simplest of observation skills. The game story is compelling at least, but unfortunately not enough to recommend the game. I'm glad I got this game on extreme sale rather than the $20 it normally sells for."
,Recommended,232430,9136332,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,knowyouronion,"Been getting into the exploration games lately. I gotta say, this one has a lot of depth. it really makes you feel like you're there. The game had a lot to see, but it never felt overwhelming. I really enjoyed the way the story unfolded. On a side note, I loved the X FIles references."
76561197993618523,Not Recommended,232430,15253263,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,[MWK]Hirodo,"Not worth it.  Barely a ""game"".  Very short for the price tag.  Decent story and atomsphere but I have netflix for that."
,Recommended,232430,8843892,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Xelu,"Lovely game. I recommend you watch Errant Signal's review of this, I'll pretty much write a similar opinion to his.It's a nice game, and it feels like a refreshing experience because the gaming scene lacks such an experience. It's a breath of fresh air in between shooters and action games that dominate the market right now. It's good BECAUSE it's different. In a world where most games were exploration games with no threat, I don't think this would stand out.That being said, it's a pretty interesting experience. It looks good graphic wise and I can safely say, this is the most scary game without being a scary game. Seriously... it's not a horror game or actively trying to scare you, however the long empty dark halls really messed with my imaginations D:It's a nice game with a lot of subplots and some good exploration. you keep finding new things and the whole experience becomes more and more interesting (also some pretty neat easter eggs)I recommend this game because it feels like a breath of fresh air. If you are used to playing action packed games, you should take a break and try this."
76561198009128438,Recommended,232430,9783132,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,ewansomers,"Not so much a ""game"" as an interactive story. Totally involving and very moving.Absolutely not worth £15 however. Wait until it is in the sale."
76561197978889932,Recommended,232430,8414379,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Wonkers,"Combat? No. Puzzles? No. Intrigue? Yes. Interesting characters? Yes. Great story? Technically, yes.Gone Home puts you in the shoes of Katie Greenbriar, who has at the beginning of the game freshly arrived home from a long trip across Europe. She finds her family's home empty, inhabited only by the shadows cast by furniture as well as fleeting shadows of the family whose lives have changed greatly since she last saw them. From the moment you, as Katie, step through the front door, the time spent inside the Greenbriar's home is dedicated to learning about your family, usually via picking up various little objects and observing the myriad notes and paper scraps littered about. You learn a lot about the people who live in this house just by observing the things they own, the things they created, and the things that are attached between and among each of them. Gone Home is part adventure title, part visual novel, and probably the purest method by which a video game can achieve in relaying a story to the player, without the need for traditional cutscenes or dialogue. Also very unorthodox is the story this game tells, which attempts to explore certain aspects of the human experience during significant stages of life, represented by each member of the Greenbriar family.Gone Home is a true gem among video game stories, and it's sort of an odd ball, at least in regards to the means by which it tries to tell its story.In regards to gameplay, it all unfolds in a fairly pedestrian pace. You look at stuff, you listen to stuff, you understand stuff. That's all there really is in terms of mechanics. In this sense, Gone Home has less going on than you average point n click adventure title, fps exploration game, or weird non-genre stuff like Ico.It's short as well, at about 2-3 hours long. Pretty much the length of a feature film.Don't come for the gameplay, come home for the ambiance and story. Well worth it."
,Recommended,232430,29956515,Posted: 15 February,all,victhedestroyer,"It's like reading a story, but you play the main character.  I suppose it was somewhat predictable, but I still enjoyed every minute to the very end.  And I really didn't want it to end.. The set and setting, the voice acting, everything about playing this game was very enjoyable.  Would not recommend buying it at full price, but throw it on your wishlist and buy it when it's on sale for a few bucks.  Took me 2 hours to play through, and I really took my time with it."
76561198138268557,Not Recommended,232430,31533587,Posted: 3 May,all,Fancy Jellyfish,Pretty cool story that leads to a bad ending. The game constantly makes you think something cool is gonna happen and then it just doesn't. ONly 2 hours long
,Not Recommended,232430,7799888,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Spaulding-1918,What did I just play?... I beat this game - I am not proud of this accomplishment.
,Not Recommended,232430,32774023,Posted: 25 June,all,Tularis,I didn't like this game. Others do.I thought it was something of nothing really. In contrast I really enjoyed FireWatch which is very similar.
,Recommended,232430,22886723,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Cesium,"It's funny. I didn't really LOVE this game originally, but something about this game is pulling me back in. It's a great story with amazing atmosphere that I just didn't fully appreciate on the first play through (mostly because I thought it was going to be a horror game). This game is awesome, and I suggest anyone who likes a good story tries this game out!"
,Recommended,232430,9082549,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,BabyFacedAssassin,"Don't look up, read, watch anything about this game before you play it.Just play it and, like me, be pleasently surprised at how good of an experience it was. That's exactly what is was, an experience, not a game or a movie, a memoriable experience."
,Recommended,232430,16788148,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Astro Cat,"This is an interesting game. If you play this game with the expectations of it being 'thrilling' you'll be disapointed. 'Gone Home' offers something a little different; a piece of the 90s, punk music, and a beautiful message. Instead of seeing this as your mainstream type of game it would be best to think of it as an experience. This type of game will not be everyone's cup of tea."
76561198028131682,Not Recommended,232430,8317625,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,zAppi,"Seriously, did someone call ""Gone Home"" a Game of the Year?? It totally feels like one of the worst games I've played in the last 12 months. Story? Dumb teenage drama, even ""Hotline Miami"" story was more interesting to follow. Exploration? Even exploring houses in Morrowind felt more exciting. Atmosphere? Plain old empty house, nothing special in it. How on Earth could this become so successful? 86 on Metacritic, what a joke... I'm really angry about spending 3 hours on it.P.S. I love ""Dear Esther"", ""Kentucky Route Zero"" and even ""Proteus""."
76561198030282307,Not Recommended,232430,15855103,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,jso2897,"Linux version is still completely broken and unplayable. Please just don't even try to submit games like this as Linux - playable games. It just makes people mad, and harms your brand."
,Recommended,232430,11109876,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,THM,"Much deserving of the hype. Was a bit wary of picking this game up. Critically acclaimed by the critics, whilst very poorly rated by a lot of gamers.Went in not knowing a lot about the game, and was pleasantly surprised. My perception of events switches several times through playthrough. Just when you think you know where it is heading, it changes. Ultimately it is a story about family, love and bringing things full circle.Pros:- Engaging characters and story.- Wonderful 90s music.- Perfect atmosphere.Cons:- Not good value at full price. Wait for a sale."
76561197993697431,Recommended,232430,8776835,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,[F4L] geekynerd,"I'm really fond of Gone Home and the things it represents. I like that it brings certain narratives and ideas to a new audience, and I respect the Fullbright Company for boycotting PAX based solely on principle. That being said, I do not think it is a good video game, essentially for two reasons.First, let's consider Braid. I think Braid provides a perfect example of two things I think video games should do. First, pretend you knew nothing about the game. Then, I told you: ""The premise is that the game is a platformer where you solve puzzles by manipulating time."" If I sat you down for twenty minutes or so to think about this premise, you would not have derived the brilliance of Braid. There are puzzles alone that take more than twenty minutes to solve. The game shows that the developers thought deeply about the premise, believed it had enough content to make a compelling game, and made it. Playing it is often filled with little gleeful moments when you can see how cleverly the game was constructed.In contrast, suppose you knew nothing of Gone Home and I told you the premise: ""You explore an empty home to find out the story of the family that lives there."" I thought about this premise for a while before deciding to purchase Gone Home, and I wasn't surprised by a single element in the game. Yes, you read notes in trash bins and papers in typewriters and on desks. You look at old receipts. You find locked safes and you find the combination written on some piece of paper elsewhere in the house. There are hidden corridors in the house. These all follow so directly from the premise that, to be honest, the game was a little boring.The second is the story. In Braid, the story was one that, in its essence, needed to be told in the form of a video game, and, actually, a video game with Braid's engine. In any other medium, the story would have been changed. In Gone Home, the story essentially takes place independently of the gameplay, and could have existed in many other fashions without any significant changes. (The storyline is mostly told through voiceover.)Additionally, the elements of the story are simply not that compelling. The voice acting is fantastic, and is capable of evoking emotions for rather clichéd lines. However, in the end, you're basically listening to a high school girl talk about how her first concert was just... just so good. The dialogue does a good job evoking the era, and maybe the rather generic content makes it more relatable. However, it would have been nice for the characters to show some hints of personality; in many ways, a similar story was developed with much richer characters in We Are Become Pals! by Jess Fink and Joey Comeau. Nevertheless, as I hinted in the beginning, it does a good job bringing certain new perspectives to light, and for that, I applaud the four people of the Fullbright Company.I am quite harsh on video games, because I think it is currently the onus of indie game developers to motivate why video games are an artful medium, and express things that could not exist as a book or movie. What makes this particularly necessary is that, in games where the story could be easily transferred to other mediums, it is often the case that, if we imagine the story in a movie, the movie would be mediocre at best. And video games can be much more than mediocre movies interspersed with generic gameplay."
76561198085387473,Not Recommended,232430,14318606,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,buy1get2free,there was a duck so that was kind of coolit wasnt real though
,Recommended,232430,8211672,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Staplerofpaper,"It took me 80 minutes to ""beat"" this game.  Some might look at that time and scoff and determine that it is not sufficient, when money is involved there needs to be a certain ratio of money to time in order for something to be of worth.That opinion is fine, and if it is yours, stay away from this.  Do not buy.But, if you care more about the experience, if you go to the movies and pay $10 to sit for 80 minutes and see something that you want to make you think and feel, then this is for you.  You don't shoot anything, you don't have enemies, you don't have leveling.  What you do have is a story and a setting that seems more realistic than most things you go about your life viewing on a screen.So I finished the game in 80 minutes.  But I will be thinking about it for much longer, hours, days, and in that ratio of time to money it ends up being money I am glad to have spent."
,Recommended,232430,8320198,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Gazoinks,"Not really a better way of describing Gone Home than a story exploration game.  The game's like if you took the ambient storytelling of Bioshock and removed the enemies and horror elements.  It's a game of exploration, discovery, and rifling through trash cans to learn about the family history.  It's exploratory storytelling in its purest form, and that's not for everyone.If it is your thing, Gone Home delivers.  It's legitimately one of the most touching games I've played.  The story itself is a fairly cliche 90s indie movie-type thing, sure, but it's all about the execution.  The loneliness of the setting brings home the loneliness of the characters, and slowly discovering what's going makes the reveal all the better.  I smiled at points and I got a lump in my throat a points, the game does a very strong job of summoning up involvement and emotions.It's interactive storytelling that actually uses interaction to its advantage, and you should play it if that's up your alley.  Play it now."
,Recommended,232430,17001128,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,sinewav,"What a moving and original gaming experience.  While you won't find any guns, zombies or the usual gameplay you will however find a game that uses the medium to tell an original story combining aspects of the FPS genre with others to blast wide open what one can achieve with interactive fiction.Don't buy this game expecting the usual guns and glory.  Buy it if you are tired of playing the same FPS game over and over and have an open mind to new ideas.  Ability to enjoy TV-style dramas will also help.  The story alone won't win awards, but the manner in which it is told would.It's also just the right length at only a few hours.  It's definitely not for everyone and I hope more games like this are made by this developer or anyone."
76561198029667794,Recommended,232430,9896168,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Wild Child,"This is a walking simulator, you have to read journals and documants to unfold the rich story line in this game and it has an excellent ending to this game."
,Not Recommended,232430,14038449,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Tio Gadget,Complete waste of money. You play this 1 hour game hoping that there is an emotional undertone but there isn't. If you're a♥♥♥♥♥♥ I guess this is somewhat enjoyable.
,Not Recommended,232430,7907312,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Lost Princess,"i played it for a bit, but i dunno, it just seems... so boring.."
,Not Recommended,232430,8177908,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Moosifer,"Saw a recommendation for this game on a website. After looking at the website and Steam pages I thought it might be interesting. I enjoy good adventure/puzzle games and thought this might be worth a shot. When it first started out I thought that it had potential. You come home from a long trip to europe and find your family house empty. It's a cliche setting of a dark and stormy night as you set out to explore and see if you can learn what happened.The game play was mindless. You walked from room to room and were fed bits and pieces of the story line as you went. There were no puzzles/quests in the game. When they did not want you in a certain area or to know a certain part of the story line quite yet  they made you look for a key or combination. Finding these was no big deal, just keep walking around listening to the bits and pieces of the story and reading notes/letters until whatever you need is plopped in front of your face.As a story line... (spoiler alert - do not proceed further if you don't want to know the *meh* ending)... it was mildly interesting at best. it turns out that your parents are off at a couples retreat trying to mend their marriage and your sister has run off to be with her true love, a girl she met in school.This game only cost me $9.99 because it was on sale. I really wish I could get that back. Even more so I would love to get back the 114 minutes it to me to complete this game. I could use that time to do something more fun like clean the leaves out of my gutters.I really wanted this game to be good, I wanted to enjoy it but unfortunatly it just sucked."
,Not Recommended,232430,7907091,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,The Wizard,This game is a straight up drama. There are essentially no puzzle solving or other adventure elements. If you are looking for a game with a story that in my opinion isn't that great then this might be for you.
,Recommended,232430,32785749,Posted: 25 June,all,embercode,A wonderful story that hit close to home. Worth buying if it's on sale.
,Recommended,232430,7937589,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,StingingVelvet,"Gone Home is a very unique and compelling experience. If you're into exploration in video games, if searching cabinets in Bioshock or trying all the doors in Deus Ex is a thing you enjoy, then Gone Home has your number. Deeper than that however, Gone Home is an inspection into the little things of our lives. The out of the way stuff, the memories both discarded and kept which tell a story about who we are and what we care about. In so many ways it takes that classic video game exploration mechanic and turns it into an even more compelling storytelling device.It has flaws, sure. Some of the messaging can border on preachy, exploring for three hours straight might seem a bit tiring with nothing to shake things up and some household item placement can feel nonsensical. None of these issues get in the way of how powerful it can feel to explore someone's life in a completely unique way, though.When games like The Walking Dead get honored I wince a bit, because I'm not sure they truly represent how video games can pair both story and interactivity together to create a unique storytelling experience. Gone Home is the opposite, it embraces the ""video game"" medium completely while still focusing on story and emotional impact. As the revelations came, so simple and yet so profound given how deeply involved you become, I couldn't help but tear up and smile in equal measure. Can't say any other video game has had that effect, nor has any movie brought it about in anywhere near the same way as this interactive experience does.Play it."
76561198114010249,Recommended,232430,16774402,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Dwight Schrute,"I loved it, it was a great story and so touching. Yea it was overly simple, but the attention to detail was great. Once you've played it if you read this there is a psychology of fear behind Oscar that had me on the edge of my chair the entire time. I would love more like this. I wish that I could hit for recommend ""MOST DEFINATLY""."
,Not Recommended,232430,13823109,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Elrond Hubbard,No ghost at all.
,Not Recommended,232430,7855176,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,chello,totes not.
,Not Recommended,232430,8437963,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Shotty NoX,"Absolutely overrated. 1.5 hours of wandering around an empty house, reading cliche stories and wondering when the actual game begins. Avoid. -4/10"
76561198038133805,Not Recommended,232430,8513436,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,BLEMISH,"Critics appraised Gone Home for its incredible story which causes one to reflect on the weight of human lives, these critics were quite incorrect. I won't be spoiling the game rest assured; but the *clears throat* great story I was promised (which is the only thing this game has going for it) was mediocre at best and I've actually read many stories like this. It has been done to death in novels and movies. I like to do a small challenge with myself to see how few words I can sum up the story with. So far I'm at five, immersive rich story eh? Also for the price of the game the length simply isn't justified, one hour and eleven minutes is all it took for me to complete the story with all the diary entries. Now I know some people will be crying out to me saying ""You fool, the story wasn't just about Sam - there's much more to it with the parents and such."" And yeah there was, by the time I'd read four letters it was pretty obvious what was happening. This is a ""realistic story"" and it hits the realism to the point where it's generic, I guarantee you there are many teenagers who could write a better story than this. I know I'm not giving Gone Home any grace but frankly, I don't think it deserves any. As a game all you do is walk around, pop some secrets panels/doorways and enter two combinations for a locker and a safe. As a story, it's drab and doesn't end with a bang or a whimper - it ends with letting off a balloon in your lounge as it produces farting noises and lands in a crumpled heap with a plop. My advice? Buy The Novelist, it incorporates good enough game play and a much more interactive story."
76561198023630593,Not Recommended,232430,9113945,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Onerpgkid89,Absolute indie trash.  The gameplay consists of walking around a house for two hours and piecing together a mildly interesting story.  For $20 you can purchase a variety of superior games across all genres.  I garuntee you that you will play this game for no more than three hours max.  Don't waste your time with this mess of a title.
,Not Recommended,232430,7880673,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Ufomaster 2500,Not so mindblowing as many reviews let you believe.
76561198109894745,Not Recommended,232430,8447865,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,I'm probably your dad,"This game starts off pretty exciting.  It seems as if your arrival home is going to be marred with a mystery to solve ala the Mystery Case Files series.  After about an hour of exploring and clicking random objects/reading random notes, it seems as if this mystery could actually be pretty exciting and original.  Then about an hour later you get this creeping realization that you have been duped and you do your best to convince yourself that you are wrong and that there's no way the game developers would take such a shortcut and cheat their customers that way.  Then at about 3 1/2 hours in you realize you have spent the last few hours being a pawn on the LBGT community.  This is a terribly deceptive game and not only isn't worth paying a dime for but should never be played simply because of how it attempts to manipulate the gamer."
,Not Recommended,232430,7921380,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Nihilusion,"If there was one word I would describe Gone Home it would be ""misleading"". This inde title is highly acclaimed and has even won ""Best Independent Game"" for Spike's VGX (which may not carry weight depending on your point of view of the awards). Furthermore, the game sets a tone of dark mystery and eeriness, which would seem appropiate for a girl who returend to a new home after being away for a year.The issue comes that the ""hook"" of the game can grab a large audience but only satisfy a few in the end. Gone Home does a fanatastic job at presenting the culture of the time, as well as ""showing"" the story more than telling it with the help of journal entries, but the main story alone cannot supply the satisfaction from a $20 title that can be finished within 3 hours. There is no replay value; its a shut case the moment you finish the the game.It can be dissapointing, but the experience isn't terrible either. In fact, I admired it. There is a main storyline, but with a keen a eye the player can see that there are other hidden stories with the mansion, almost all entagled within a dark past. The simple textures and sense of exploration are reminiscent of past adventure games I would play as a kid, such as Nancy Drew and Myst. It's good to see something different, but it preys on it's well received reviews to garner the wrong audience, only for them to experince very little at all. This is the reason why you'll see mixed reviews on the store page.Its hard to recommend (or not reccomend) this game because of that issue, but if you're one for the genre, give the game a consideration when its on a BIG sale. If it isn't your type, dont bother. It's as simple as that."
,Not Recommended,232430,9079070,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,...,The most overrated game of all time and the worst thing to be unleashed upon humanity since the AIDS virus.
,Not Recommended,232430,27694023,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Adidas,"Gone home is a walking simulator. I love walking simulators, and Dr. Langeskov, The Tiger, and The Terribly Cursed Emerald showed that it was completely possible to innovate in the genre while developing a compelling story.Unfortunately, Gone Home does neither. The story is bland, the subject matter wanna be edgy teenage claptrap, the objects recycled from various room but worst of all - at the 30m mark you arlready know every you need to know. The extra hour is just filler, where you painstainly click through repetitve material in order to make the story progress (it never does) and the game to end (thankfully, it does).Might have been an interesting title at the time but did not age well. Also, please note i had to play this on a monster rig despite the primitive graphics, as the game is very badly optimized."
,Not Recommended,232430,16464281,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,No Knock Raid,"I paid two dollars for this and I still feel ripped off. How this blatantly pandering piece of trash recieved tons of praise is beyond me. Pass this game or do yourself a favor and just flush your fifteen dollars directly down the toilet so it goes to the sewage company and not ""The Fullbright Company""."
76561198009236916,Not Recommended,232430,32319553,Posted: 10 June,all,CHoCoKun,"I played this game because of the praise of its storyline.I was not impressed.I really did not feel the sympathy towards the sister and her girlfriend. It could have been done more emotionally if the game developer really wanted to sell the story. But what I saw in the game was all just intense atmosphere: dim lit rooms, black outs, red liquid in the bathtub.You know ""Life is strange"" right?, they made the story about two girls relationship better than this game."
,Recommended,232430,7496435,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Dronaroid,"""Action-packed cinematic modern warfare multiplayer!!"" -GameSpot""Like Skyrim with guns"" -Machinima""3/10 it's alright"" -IGN"
,Recommended,232430,7769405,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,posh somme,"COMBAT: there aren't any enemies to kill in this game so I can't really comment on the combat. you can pick up toilet paper and throw it though, and if you throw it at a photo you can imagine they're an enemy and that you're killing them by throwing the toilet paper at them.REPLAYABILITY: at the end of the game I didn't unlock any new game plus mode and i didn't collect any skulls or intel. i also tried putting in the konami code to see if i could do cheats but it didn't work. so maybe there's a secret mode you unlock in a drawer or something but i couldn't find it in my playthrough. and like i said there's no collectibles since whenever i picked something up i could only look at it. it didn't let me put all the toilet paper in my backpack.A.I.: i already said there's no enemies in the game. i don't know why but i guess it's ok. i was expecting to fight at least one ghost at some point so i guess i was pretty disappointed by lack of ghost AI.DIFFICULTY: this game is very easy. there's no ghosts to kill. you walk around a house and unlock doors and stuff, like in real life. i got stuck for a long time at one point because i thought you had to put the konami code into the locker to make it work but you had to find a piece of paper instead.MULTIPLAYER: my buddy came over and brought his xbox controller but nothing happened when he pressed start. i guessed there might not be competitive multiplayer but i wanted a co-op partner to look in other rooms so we could find all the intel or skulls or whatever since i was having trouble finding them. i did actually find a skull at one point but i think it was one of those mexican skulls and i dont think it would've given me a no shields gameplay optionOVERALL: i like this game, there's no enemies or guns (that i saw) but i thought the house was cool"
,Recommended,232430,8725130,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,texture,"Have you ever wondered if someone could understand your teenage years if they broke into your house and embarked on a semi-destructive curiosity driven domestic rampage? Play as a girl who has come back from Europe to find her home abandoned during an astonishing storm. Wrestle to find light switches in pitch-black rooms, summon aetherial anecdotes of a life you never lived, rip cassettes of awful music out of cassette players in a search for your sister and discover why most homes have at least one torch in them.Gone Home plays like a Frictional Games title without the horror elements or the monsters. The gameplay is searching through drawers, boxes and hidden compartments to find keys and stories to understand what has happened. It’s a story game, and a rather invariant one at that; as far as I can tell there are no branching paths and no ability to alter any kind of outcome. It seems all story elements are available on the first run.Like many story games, it is hard to explain how I feel about this game succinctly without divulging the plot, but here is what I have to say:You explore a large American house in a storm, you are the only one there. Rifling through furniture helps you understand what has happened. A story is told of the ups and downs of the members of a small family. Your sister, who has disappeared appears to have carefully locked doors of the house to allow you to understand her life in sequence, touring you through the cultural resistances she faced as she grew up and realised where her heart was.It’s indeed a very nice story, told in a nice way. The graphics are wonderfully high-res and I have no qualms about the voicing.However, it’s short, very predictable (the plot is obvious after about 30 minutes of gameplay) and ends pretty predictably when it would be too hard to explain how the plot would continue. Although it has themes that are charming and fairly unexplored, it is still pretty pedestrian in gameplay and fails to really open out beyond what you experience in the foyer.It’s good, but I feel that there are probably indie games providing more and more interesting gameplay for £15.Braid, for example has just as much plot and a lot, lot more challenging gameplay and costs just over one third of the price.It's a good game, so I suppose I recommend it, but it's certainly not breaking new ground."
76561198079872413,Not Recommended,232430,8633163,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Kristof Oliwa,"Gone Home is 2-3 hours of searching rooms until you have clicked on everything and then get rewarded with audio logs. Thats it. Nothing more. Is the story beautiful? Yes. But a short story does not make a video game amazing. I mean if this story was in book form it would be $8 and feature like 200 other short stories. But here, you pay $20 for 2 hours of gameplay that involves no gaming skills at all. Anybody could beat it. Due to the lack of challenge and actual gameplay, there is literally no replay value. Meaning it is nothing but a short, beautiful story about finding out who you are in the 90s. The fact that people keep listing this as a game of the year candidate is laughable."
,Not Recommended,232430,9113836,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,DIRECTOR COMEY,"This isn't a game.It's an ""Interactive Drama.""Why this ""game"" has so many high reviews, I don't know - probably cause of people looking to push certain agendas (looking at you, Polygon).  What I mean by ""agendas,"" is that the drama tackles homosexuality with a girl going through her teenage years...and apparently by this simple component alone, Gone Home has garnered near-ubiquitous praise amongst the game industry's media elite.  I'm only guessing that the story alone is what has given Gone Home its acclaim...cause there's absolutely nothing else of the title to speak of.  I really don't get why a progressive issue in a ""game"" automatically results in it being placed on a pedestal - at least The Last of Us had some decent gameplay  (TLoU dealt with homosexuality in the form of a minor storypoint of one of the side characters in the game).  I would bet that if Gone Home hadn't featured a story  dealing with LGBT issues in it, it wouldn't have surfaced on anyone's radar.Sure, the story is interesting alright (although personally, I couldn't relate to it and ultimately found it not to my tastes),  but for people to laud this as ""Best Game of the Year"" (hello again, Polygon), is ridiculous.  There isn't any replay value, there's no game mechanics to keep you engaged...it's not a game, it's a story told through the medium of you moving the character around a house until new story points are triggered.  Skyrim is a game. The Last of Us is a game.  Gone Home is not.If you don't have a good book to read, I guess I would grab this...but certainly not for $20 bucks.  Try and find a Steam sale for like two to five bucks, although even that feels a bit expensive for this title - I've been entertained by .99 cent apps on my iPhone for longer."
,Not Recommended,232430,13050242,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,rkuo,"If you want to pay 20 bucks to read a lesbian love story, this is your game."
76561197995699396,Not Recommended,232430,25093847,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,SparkleFart,"After completing this game I initially thought it was someones school project or an indie teams first game.  It is not.  I am not sure how much I actually paid for this game bc it was backlogged for so long but I can assure you however much anyone pays for it is too much.  The only price point this game deserves is free.I knew the game was going to be short but its seriously 1hr max. The only reason it takes any longer is bc you will spend another hour trying to figure out if you somehow missed the point.Reviewers are applauding this game for its story. They shouldn't.  When you break it down any short story, short movie, tv show, literally anything has a better story than this game.  It is laughably bad.  Just because your story revolves around young lesbian love does not make your story the ""greatest video game love story ever told"" ♥♥♥♥ you reviewer for the New York Times.  And I can assure you nothing about this story is ""Epic, personal and revelatory” ♥♥♥♥ you reviewer for Giant Bomb.NOTE: Time played reflects mining it for cards, bc I might as well get something out of this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197976939633,Not Recommended,232430,7874250,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,MadMonkey,"Worst game I've played this year. I'll go ahead and spoil it for you:It's a romance novel posing as a search-for-clues mystery game. It's also very linear, and feels like it makes promises that it fails VERY hard to deliver on.Don't worry, no monsters jump out to scare you. The creepiest thing that happens is a single lightbulb going out. The ending ticked me off so badly I could barely see straight for an hour."
,Not Recommended,232430,8472110,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Flopndurp,"THIS IS NOT A GOOD GAME. if I wanted to listen to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ punk rock, and live in the 90s again, I would invent a goddamn time machine, and go back to 95. ALSO WHO GIVES A♥♥♥♥♥♥that her sister is a lesbian. SERIOUSLY, it was more interesting when the house seemed haunted and evil! I have never (Untill now) Played a game and regretted the time I put into it. HOW DO I GET THE LAST 60mins of my life back!!!!!!!!!!!! I have never uninstalled a game soooo fast."
76561198069132495,Not Recommended,232430,31593278,Posted: 6 May,all,craigwchmn,"This game can be beaten in under 1 min if you know where to go. With that being said, there is absolutly ZERO replay value for your $20. Its ending is dumb and not worth the 1 min of gameplay, non the less 2-3 hours it will probably take new players. Trust me, i like these kind of games, but this ending is so anticlimatic, it ruins any form of good qualities it had going for it. Just stick your $20 up you butt, youll get more enjoyment out of that."
76561197970532356,Recommended,232430,8776778,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,SporkMagnet,"I'm probably biased being a game maker, but I really enjoyed the subtle nature of Gone Home, the attention to detail, and the solidness of the game and its artwork. It left me guessing as to where everything was going right up until the end. My only two comments, without spoling anything, is that the subject matter felt like it had come out a few years too late and the experience was a little short for $20. Both of those aspect would not stop me from recommending the game and commending the Fullbright Company for holding to a vision that is different than your normal game."
,Recommended,232430,8836216,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Alan,"This is one of those games that lots of people would like to deny inclusion into the “game” medium.  Well I have a very liberal definition of game, so it gets a pass in my book.  “Gone Home” is an interactive storytelling experience.  It’s more interactive than “Dear Esther” but considerably less interactive than “Pac-man”.  Chances are you already know if you’re into that kind of thing, and if you are it would be best that you not investigate this game before playing it. Best played in one sitting in a dark room late at night.  About 2 hours."
,Not Recommended,232430,8448561,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,hierovision,"It makes me sad that I spent $10 on this game.  I bought this for my wife, and she spent a total of 106 minutes before reaching the end credits.  There's SO MUCH potential, but it falls short everywhere.  It gives you a taste of character development with a lot of personal storyline for Sam, but fails to deliver any real depth while giving hints at a lot of exactly that with the parents, Sam, Lonnie, etc.  It really makes me sad how much more could have been done, and how amazing it could have been.  Maybe that's what the reviewers were referring to when they said it made them cry... wtf."
,Recommended,232430,10746913,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Helith,I liked it. It's a well told interactive story which has wonderful pacing and believable characters. It blurs the boundaries between 'games' and 'novels' and I think it's an interesting format to tell a story in. I'd like to see more stories told this way.
76561198041682610,Recommended,232430,8857733,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,cyranocoyote,"Whatever you think ""Gone Home"" is, that's not what ""Gone Home"" is. Anything I tell you is going to lessen your experience, but if I tell you nothing then you won't give me credence. So I will say that I spent a lot of the early game freaked out and wound up, and I spent a lot of the late game pretty emotionally gutted. The world is dense and detailed. It took me about 3-4 hours of playing time, so it's not a big commitment in that respect. There is no twitch factor. You won't level up. Five out of five stars anyway."
,Recommended,232430,10707897,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Lin,"No, I didn't love the game. Yes I'm giving it a positive review. With the ""buy it on a sale"" caveat.Ignore for a moment the intense polarizing views that were created mainly because (perceived) expectations were not being met and let's view this game as what it is. This is an interactive story: video and sound together with some gaming elements (walking, point&click) are exposing a simple story in small increments. The subject matter (teenager-dom and gay love, peripherally touching on friendship, relationships with parents and divorce) is not original, but still underrepresent in commercial games, and for that it deserves praise. I personally found the central story relatively shallow and cliche, but I appreciated the way the game tried to create immersion by tying the storytelling to various types of every day items and types of communication. If you are an American who grew up in the 90s there are also some nostalgia elements you may enjoy. The controls are fluid and intuitive, the graphics are lovingly detailed and the sound effects are well done (though I didn't really get the unnecessary emphasis on creating a haunted house atmosphere with the sound design). Yes, I found the full price slightly high, but catching it on a sale should by now be easy.Interactive storytelling (really interactive, taking full advantage of the medium) is still at its infancy. This game is one more attempt at it. And while it's flawed, it's a stepping stone towards a  new genre of games. It gets a positive review from me, because it is good at what it sets out to do: create a detailed slice of the world of a specific family at a specific point in time. It is also a project of love and that shows in the details, and gets it some extra points as far as I'm concerned. So provided you don't pay full price for it and you understand what this game is, then yes, it can be an enjoyable experience.And here's a tip: I consider Papo & Yo a more succesful attempt at doing mature storytelling in an ineractive way that fits the medium. If you are interested in seeing a different take at interactive storytelling, give that one a go too."
,Not Recommended,232430,8687378,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,DashReindeer,I don't see what all the fuss is about.
,Not Recommended,232430,7797867,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,RƎPTILE,"Concept - 5-I thought this game was going to be some sort of horror story with maybe some puzzles and jump scares. I was expecting some mystery too. This game doesn't deliver on either, really. The idea of a story about two lesbians just seems boring to me.Graphics - 6.5-The graphics in Gone Home aren't exactly stunning. Pretty average for a game like this, but still.Sound - 8-Some solid voice acting that plays through the game. Along with some good ambient noises.Gameplay - 7-What is there to say about the gameplay? You walk around. Pick stuff up. Stash it in your inventory. Average controls.Story - 3.25-This part REALLY bothers me. The story is about the players sister. She is a lesbian and wants to be with her friend who is in the military. Maybe that'd make a good story if the game didn't just keep going over the same points over and over. Another thing is that through the whole game, you find all this creepy stuff about the previous owner of the house and even find a demonic shrine with his picture there. NOTHING else is said about this. They just completely do away with that part of the story. That gets to me. The advertising makes it out to be a creepy-ish mystery story but it just isn't. Just two lesbians.Overall Score - 5.5-This game, or should I say interactive story, really didn't meet my expectations at all. I was hoping for mystery and maybe even some horror. I didn't want to be told a story about lesbians. I have trouble even calling this a game. There are no puzzles to solve and no challenge whatsoever. Not to mention the price for this game. I'd say avoid this one unless you're into hearing stories."
,Recommended,232430,8241347,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,brooklyn33,"Although some my say that this isn't a game, just check the user reviews on Metacritic, I don't see how it matters. What this is is a very enjoyable exploration game. To say anything of the plot would be too spoilery, it has to be seen first hand. If you can get it on sale it'll only take you a couple of hours to finish."
,Recommended,232430,9164829,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Vash(88),"To begin, let's get one thing strait -- this is not a ""game.""  There is no replay value, nor is there any character progression or consequences.  However, this is one of the best story telling adventures I have ever taken the time to enjoy.Like the game Dear Esther, you are basically wondering around and looking for plot points to progress the story.  Unlike Dear Esther, you are not stuck on a massive island.  The mansion you explore, while no small building, keeps the down time to a minimum and the story pacing intact.While this game did not have the visuals that Dear Esther had, the amount of detail that went into the house was stunning.  There was so much 90s nostalgia that I felt like I was swimming in it, and I loved it.  Tons of 3D modeling for you to pick up and examine.  The house felt so real, even though the layout is a bit odd -- obviously to help keep the pacing of the game right.The voice acting for the story telling, even though there was only one person, was spot on.  It was not over done, but it was touching to say the least.  It truly brought back those old feelings from your teen years.This is not the title to buy if you are looking for an exciting new fps adventure; however, if you'd like to see just how sensitive you are to your inner emotions, the kind that bring you back to the feeling of emptiness, loss and hopeful bliss, then you should take the journey that this game offers.On a side note, I took my time during my exploration and completed the story in three hours flat.  Given that I see no reason to replay this game, $20 is a whopper of a price tag: wait for a sale.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=229067704"
,Recommended,232430,10738888,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Marcinni,"A short and sweet story telling game with minimal puzzles and a great atmosphere. I guess you could call it a Point and Click Adventure, except in addition to pointing and clicking you get to move around a realized 3D space (the ""home"") which adds immersion to the story.This is how game stories ought to be told. If you pass this by, you're missing out on a piece of craft that has achieved exactly what it was going for in a medium continuously challenged by storytelling. Great for an evening's entertainment."
,Not Recommended,232430,32193917,Posted: 5 June,all,Super Lubi,This game was a chore to grind through. All narrative and none of it was paticularly interesting. Not worth your time.
76561198010826213,Recommended,232430,9838767,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,0ptimysticgamer,"Believe the hype. This slice of life tail manages to cram love, friendship, heartache, mystery, a little suspense, and just plain ol' feels. I'm a big fan of story telling through video games and this is one of those unique moments where the story and gameplay make perfect sense together to form a tale that unfolds with you. 10/10."
,Not Recommended,232430,27745488,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,inmysleep,"Wouldn't have read this story if it was written on one of the pages littered around the game. So dull.Not a mystery. ""Spoiler:"" your parents went out of town for the weekend, and they could have called. Your little sister ran away with her girlfriend... for some reason? The end."
76561197983682353,Recommended,232430,7464278,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,einsquared,"Whether you beat this game in 2 minutes or an hour and a half, I had no idea what I was getting myself into when I picked this up. [Deleted for Spoilers]. It's not a challenging, it's a story. I liked it. and plan on recommending it to more of my casual players. If you're not independent films or picky about stories, then this is probably not for you. If you're swept off your feet or easily moved, then get this without reading any other information or details about this game and expect a short film."
,Recommended,232430,11272265,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,cPOEt,"Would I buy it again? Yes, absolutely. Would I recommend it? If you can enjoy stories about difficult relationships among parents and children, romance, and a hint of ghost stories, then it can be something for you. But don't expect an action packed horror shooter :)The game is, in fact, very simple. Imagine you come back to your home from a long world trip and everyone is just gone. It appears that you are alone in the house and you try to find out what happens. You walk around, read memos and notes hanging at the fridge, and at some point everthing comes together and the story starts to unfold. I cried in the end.After a while, I was close to just quit the game. But I continued and I didn't regret it. So, buy it if you want experience a great way of story telling and want to spend a day with a game. Don't buy it if you are looking for some big, fast action."
76561197968915534,Not Recommended,232430,7819012,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Solzerid,"Game was extremely disappointing. No mystery, just a piece of lesbian propaganda. You find out what's going on within the first 5 minutes and then its a just a predictable love story."
,Recommended,232430,9165117,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Jragghen,"Gone Home is....divisive and contentious, to say the least. At its core, it is a first-person visual novel, albeit with one or two items which are puzzles (needing passcodes for certain barriers) along the way. As you explore the house, a story plays out with a voice actress reading from a journal which fills in your character's family's backstory. The entire house is filled with tons of interactive items which you can pull out and inspect, and any child of the 80s/90s will likely get a ton of nostalgia from looking at them.This game is good. It has excellent voice acting, and the narrative is well done, if in retrospect very obviously crafted with certain ambiguity. However, for good or ill, a large amount of focus has been paid to this game both for the subject matter it deals with - homosexuality in an era slightly prior to today's (general) acceptance (albeit not from a legal standpoint) - and it's become the focalpoint for blowback from a number of those who feel this subgenre of gaming aren't ""real"" games and are somehow encroaching and lessening their hobby. This unfortunately makes a situation where criticism of the game seems to be automatically treated as criticism of the content and/or of the genre as a whole, which has generated a great deal of backlash in BOTH directions.The game is rather short - even taking the time to inspect nigh on every item in the house, you're looking at just under 3 hours, so the base asking price of $20 is too steep. This is worth experiencing, and a far better example of what this genre is capable of than Dear Esther, but it will generally not be what most people look for in a game. I give it a recommend, but on sale, and for my money if you're looking for something which is slightly more involved which also hits key emotional notes when it comes to family, you might want to check out Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons instead."
,Not Recommended,232430,7869382,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,okayfrog,"I played through it on Friday night. You know what I like about it? It builds its world through all the items and reports you examine, similar to Metroid Prime's scans. There's that .gif of the guy finishing it in just a couple minutes, but he misses all of the story. About the wife's infidelity, the husband's constant struggle with publishing, and about the uncle and the house's storied history. And the thing is that each little story has a beginning, middle, and end. It's all rather nice, and I did enjoy examining every item. I also didn't mind the shortness of the game. Why would one judge a game based on how long it is? Because of how much money I paid for it? Just silly.Where the game loses my interest, however, is the main story. Maybe it's because I'm not gay, maybe it's because I've never been in a relationship, maybe it's because I was supposed to be some weird sister who has no character and examines every last inch of the house, maybe it's because the ending was kinda let down, but I just wasn't affected by it like I thought I would be. I don't understand why its story is getting praised so much. Yeah, it deals with a somewhat heavy issue, but said issue has no relevance today when homosexuals are being allowed to marry in every state. All the 90's references were kinda neat, though, and I did like how there was a new song on each cassette I found.I guess if you like examining things, are a lesbian/sympathize with them, were a 90's kid, and don't mind the short length, this game might resonate with you."
,Recommended,232430,16768721,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Lemon,"An excellent 90's themed game with a story told through slow, controlled exploration. It may be criticized for it's lack of ""gameplay"" (whatever that means), but it's another one of those games that sacrifices traditional puzzle gameplay for something much more organic and straight-forward, similiar to The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, and to a lesser extent, Dear Esther (Dear Esther however does not have much interactivity at all). It simply uses a bit of interactivity to tell a story without unnecessary filler content.I think what's important to consider before playing this game is that: You have to play it in one sitting, and you have to pay attention to everything you encounter and read in order to reconstruct the narrative space, to understand the characters, their background and interests, to nourish empathy with these characters.It's not exactly a game for gamers. It's something that you have to make an effort to play (granted, not much effort at all), it's not a game that will entertain you after work. It's a game that contains a heartwarming message with many underlying themes. A tad of social criticism here, a tad of 90s nostalgia there. It's something that you should play when you have nothing else to do, and are feeling particularly adventurous,There really isn't much to say about the game, objectively. I can tell you that the graphics are just completely utilitarian, it has everything it needs to have and has a great 90's atmosphere that is likely to resonate well with anyone who grew up in the US in the 90s or even early 00's. And the game is just about 2 hours long. Which is ok, considering the price.Definitely recommend it for anyone who is patient and remotely open minded."
,Recommended,232430,7937701,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Taumpy Tearrs,"Simple review: Recommended at the $5 price I got it for during the sale (and probably would at $10 too).  But, I would have a hard time recommending it at the regular $20 price - glad I waited.  Not to say that it's a bad game or story, because it isn't.  I actually think this is a breath of fresh air in video game storytelling.  But you get about 2-4 hours depending on how thorough you explore and not too much replayability after thatA little more thought/analysis (spoiler-free):  First of all, this house!  What a great atmosphere (even though it seems impossibly huge - this is what I would picture the house in the book House of Leaves being like - anyone?).  Creepy as hell sometimes - even though I knew that nothing was going to jump out at me.  What I think is great about this game is that on your little voyeuristic journey into the lives of the family (the entire story is told through journals, notes, photos, etc.) you will undoubtedly find some part of yourself in one or all of the family members.  Obviously, as an awkward 90s high-schooler myself, the nostalgia level is high and I related to a lot of it.  The struggles of the family members carry you through a wide range of emotions and make you reflect on events and experiences in your own life.  Something I haven't experienced much in video games.  As I approached the ending, my heart was pounding and many different thoughts swirled around my head as to what I was going to experience.  What happened next actually took me by surprise, but maybe it shouldn't have.I can understand the negative reviews.  It's easy to see the perfect scores and immediately expect this to be some earth-shattering epic adventure.  But it's not, it's far more personal, and I think that's something special in today's world of endless sequels and remakes."
,Not Recommended,232430,23412233,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Hamonion,"You'll enjoy trashing the house you first spawn at in the game more than it's actual ""story""."
,Recommended,232430,16769456,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Thomas,"Oh wow, the feels. When I impulse-bought this game I had no idea what kind of an emotional rollercoaster I was in for. The game combines clever puzzles and a heartbreaking story combined with an unbeatable atmosphere that sent chills down my spine over and over again. The storytelling was immersive and clever, and I haven't seen anything quite like it before. To be honest, I don't think the 90 minutes of gameplay would be worth the full price, but at -88%, you'd be crazy to not grab a copy."
,Recommended,232430,13658029,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Saraneth,"This is not a puzzle or creeper game with a story tacked onto it.This is a story told in the form of a game.The pieces of the puzzle are not McGuffins to collected or unlocked, but the personal histories and lives of the people who have lived in your house and of those who live there still. To this end, the game performs marvelously, requiring its players to use a different skillset and understanding than they may usually have the opportunity to apply, while teasing out the story of a house and the complex denizens within.If you're looking for button-mashing and jump scares, look elsewhere. For those who enjoy mysteries or biographies, for those looking for something to prod their thoughts, or for those who are looking for something different in an approach to gaming, this will stratch your itch."
76561198025902156,Recommended,232430,10455611,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,(AB) Slow Moth,"Gone Home is a bit of a controversial title. The gameplay is not really what you call ""in depth"". Gone Home is a game about walking. And there have been a lot of those recently. And a lot people don't really like those. Actually, REALLY don't like those. Because of this, I would ask of you to consider: are you willing to play a game that consists only of walking around an empty house, looking at pictures and reading letters? I am. But I don't know if that's for everyone.One particularly interesting thing about Gone Home is the nature of it's content. The reason Gone Home can have little to no ""hard gameplay"" is because the story is not about something which merits it. The story is not going to take you into combat or even many puzzle like situations. (At best, we get exploration.) It's about a family in the Pacific Northwest. It's about a girl and her friend. It's about riot grrrl punk. It's the game equivalent to a sappy indie film. And I'd be lying if I said I don't get swept up in that stuff.My only complaint that I feel strongly about is the price tag. The game is pretty short, only about three hours on a casual play through. This makes a twenty dollar price tag too high, to me. For that you can go to a movie and get some popcorn, or go to two movies and go smell popcorn. I strongly advise you to wait for a sale.So, with that, we have Gone Home. Sincerely endearing and enjoyable, but simply not worth twenty dollars, and simply not for everyone."
,Recommended,232430,8324428,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ionPrice,"Gone Home is a story about 3 ring binders and how they look important, but contain nothing at all."
76561198094221272,Recommended,232430,10751010,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,drake31,"Critics praise this game to heaven, ""regular"" players have mixed feelings.I saw a lot of good and bad about this game, so my thoughts kinda tearing me apart, if should i buy this game or not. Flash sale got best of me, and i decided to give this game a try - fair chance to show, what it is this fuss about.Gone Home is point clicking game, you play as Katie who just came to her sister's house, from trip around Europe in mid '90s. Gameplay is simple. You basically walking around, and you revealing ""mystery"" why is no one home, and what leading to this.Thru letters, books, posters you discover engaging story about Sam (sister) and her girlfriend Lonnie. You will learn about their happiness, struggles, love, pain and you will be part of their relationship from beginning till the... i won´t say.Game itself might feel boring for some people. But i really fell for story telling games, where you don´t have to shoot hordes of zombies, sneaking behind enemy lines or racing thru the streets, for games where is script and story what comes from it the greatest thing.Besides story I admire amazing voice acting, and atmosphereto be honest most of the times i felt really tense, that something jump on me, and I expected much different/darker end., visual side is a big pro as well.I went through Gone Home in hour and it was splendidly spent time and right after finishing it i am really hyped and i added this game to my personal TOP10 Game list.Seriously give this game a chance.Grade:AP.S.But ... yes there is a also but, minor for me, major for others ... honestly i feel regular price is bit exaggerated. I know art have some value, but i feel this is too much, and if i buy it for 20 € i can´t tell if my game experience would be the same."
,Recommended,232430,28005396,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,KILL ME,lesbian happy ending? nowae 10/10
,Recommended,232430,27283317,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dewar,"This is one of those times that the term ""Walking Simulator"" is a complement, not an insult. Interesting characters, several smaller plot lines to discover (or miss,) and creepy to boot. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,232430,8359245,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,EMERALDSTONE,"Gone Home proves that a game focused on story and exploration, starring a decidedly non-traditional cast of characters can be utterly thrilling. With excellent writing and environments that made me want to explore every nook and cranny, Gone Home proved the significance of a powerful storyline in a game, providing an in depth experience that doesn't need extensive combat  to make a game succesful effectively drew me in. Gone Home presents us with a game that both embraces that melancholic notion while simultaneously exploring the roots, secrets, and artifacts of a family that feels as real to me as my own. Stepping foot inside of the Greenbriar home and discovering the things they left behind is a powerful experience. Gone Home is a remarkable achievement, and piecing together its poignant story that left me over joyed because it was so relatable to my own experiences and personal life."
,Not Recommended,232430,20903601,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,MerellDaniels,"This is the first ever game that I played on Steam and I had been so excited to try it! Deep down, isn't this everybody's worst fear in a way? To come home after a (business) trip, vacation, or even a day of work...just to find that there's nobody there waiting for you? When the game opens and you're standing in the hallway, a loud thunderstorm breaking the silence, two messages (one in hysterics) waiting on the answering machine and all you know is that there should be an entire family eagerly awaiting your return, but there's no one there... you might think that you're in for a hell of a right. Especially when you're starting to find notes about this new 'psycho house' and a note from someone at school asking you if your uncle's madness runs in the family.But...you're really not. Forget about uncovering some deep, dark family secret. You're not going to. Forget about finding anything at all that is going to shock you. The most frightening thing is a light bulb that explodes once you grab for a religious item. No, this game tells you a story about a family who has just moved houses and how each member is encountering very common life problems: problems at work, marital issues, not fitting in at school, struggling with doubts about sexuality, etc. One of those stories is explained in great(er) detail through notes, clues and audio logs from your sister. And yes, do it right (although you can't do wrong; you can only get bored) and you will find out why nobody's there.There are so many positive reviews while I just felt major disappointment upon game completion! I wouldn't be a true gamergirl if I would just call this a crap game and not question my 'deviation' from the mostly positive reviews. Here's what I discovered: most positive reviews come from people who write about being emotionally sucked in with the characters, sometimes even identifying with them. They mention fond memories about the 90's setting of the game, being a teenager, living with (strict) parents, being in love. Positive reviewers find themselves sucked into the game and the lives portrayed and I can respect that. It just did not do it for me.Maybe the fact that I was on the edge of my seat for the entire time, waiting for something to happen; a corpse to show up, the story behind Psycho Uncle and Psycho House, paranormal activity, something/someone showing up unannounced made the true ending feel anticlimatic. Maybe, because I was born in the late 80's and didn't really start living the teenage life until the 2000's kept me from connecting to that period in time. I couldn't care less about all the buttons and the music was torture to my ears, to be frank! People who enjoyed examining these household items (to no avail, mostly), I salute you! I started to get annoyed, sifting through all those cupboards and drawers when there was nothing substantial to be found. And yes, I appreciated the back story in a way that I found myself hoping for a happy ending for the characters, but I was in no way brought back to my own childhood, love-life, whatever. But who knows, it might all be for the better, because that would have made the game more suspenseful than the game was intended to be. ;)I personally cannot recommend the game, because I felt so let down by it. My expectations may have been off, but surely I can't be the only one. If you like a calm, character driven story which you basically aren't able to influence by making choices, this might be for you. I apparently just need a little more than that."
76561198062103231,Recommended,232430,7799796,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,EyeDeHawk,Simply amazing. No other words for it.
,Recommended,232430,7839618,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Shmian,"Oh, absolutely."
,Recommended,232430,10821830,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,小珍珠綠奶茶LePipSqueakers,Amazing and thought provoking. To simply explore without the worriy of someone or something jumping on your back is just satisfying as you explore the story of Katie and what she finds when she gets home. Highly recommend this! :)
,Recommended,232430,10824598,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,x4nd3r_08,"This is a wonderful game, and it made me cry, honestly. Wonderfully written and i look forward to other games from this publisher."
76561197968327298,Recommended,232430,10825309,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Kizartik,"Short but fantastic game.  It's such a refreshing and different story than most any other game you'll find on the market.  This is definitely a one time play through for most people but, others may find they return to experience the story again (like a good book).  It's definitely a game that makes you contemplate a great many things about yourself and the world we live in.  Highly recommended for those interested in a slower-paced, story-based, game with great music (and atmosphere).Enjoy!"
,Recommended,232430,10827746,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,The Mercurial Captain Zorander,"This was a beautiful, powerful piece. I don't think I've played anything like it. Yes, it is short, and yes, it isn't exactly ""exciting"" -- but the experience is worth it. Play it."
76561197972050764,Recommended,232430,10837321,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Dredd,"Most of us can recall the experience of stepping foot in a friend’s house for the first time. The first visit is often an overload on the senses but after a few minutes you refocus and start to notice things: smells, furniture, books, movies, hanging pictures (and my God, all the cool stuff they have that you don’t). With all these items you start to piece together a picture that tells the story of the people who live in that house.“Gone Home”, is a first person exploration game created by a small team of developers who formerly worked on the DLC for BioShock 2, and the game replicates the feeling of piecing together the story of a house’s inhabitants through their possessions. In the game you’re put in the shoes of Kaitlin Greenbriar who has returned home from a trip to Europe. On arriving, Kaitlin finds the house empty and it’s up to you to figure out why.Exploring the house at the beginning reminded me of the first time I explored the infamous mansion from the original Resident Evil. But the sprawling house in “Gone Home” only shares the mansion’s spooky and ominous atmosphere (and locked areas). There are no zombie dogs waiting to jump at you through the window, or shambling undead, and you won’t find any weapons or ammo. This minimalist approach however manages to make things slightly creepier and more immersive.As you explore you’ll feel like you’re on the set of a David Lynch film. From the pouring rain striking the windows, to the sudden flicker of lightning, the house is drenched in atmosphere. The minute attention to detail shows that a great deal of love went into designing the game and examples that show this are scattered throughout the game. From lighting illuminating a postcard in real time, to a record player that lets you listen to a whole album, the attention to detail is striking.Speaking of attention to detail, the game could very much be considered the forerunner of a new genre. The house you explore is much like a time capsule of the early 90s-- hell, you could even call it a virtual museum. Gone Home takes place in the 1994, and the developers put all sorts of things into the game that were popular at the time. Throughout the house you’ll find playable mix tapes featuring real life riot girl bands, magazines, books, posters, even Super Nintendo video game cartridges. In one room I even found a shelf lined up with VHS tape recordings of the X-Files, all which gave a sense of real lived-in house.As you explore further you’ll also find items that belong to Kaitlin’s younger sister Samantha, a high school senior. Samantha is central to Gone Home’s plot, and finding her objects will trigger short monologues narrated by Samantha, similar to the monologues encountered in the very similar first person exploration game Dear Eshter. But while Dear Esther’s monologues never fully painted a concrete story, and left a great deal open to interpretation, Gone Home delivers a concrete narrative, albeit in pieces you must put together yourself. I don’t want to give too much away but I will say it’s a beautiful and haunting story that left me genuinely moved.The game’s principal design is based on paced exploration. You won’t find a run button to move faster which may annoy impatient gamers, but the game is so immersive and pulls you in with such force that you won’t mind playing by its rules. Clocking in at about 4 hours, Gone Home isn't a long game, and once you've beaten it there really isn't much incentive to go replay it. But what it lacks in quantity it makes up for in quality, offering an unparalleled level of immersion. Those who play it will be rewarded with a unique and immersive story-driven experience that few games offer."
76561198058169912,Recommended,232430,10823786,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,iamerror777,Fuvking Great95% story4% game1% yuri
,Recommended,232430,10751720,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,kevro,"This game feels like episodes of (an alternitive) My So Called Life, mixed with an adventure game. That's a good thing.As long as you don't mind  the teen aged angst as the back drop for a dramatic story, and knowing its completion will only take as long a a good film; you will find it engrossing. There's never a moment where you feel lost if you look over everything, and the game progresses nicly.The house is quite large and very detailed, while the mid-90's nostagia, and playable musical cassette tapes, binds the player to a connection with the era. Little details, like wondering why the parents have a VHS tape recording of a tablod TV show, are nicly anwsered if you look around later in the game.The only draw back is the reveal for the main character was anti-clamatic, as it was heavily hinted at from nearly the begining. There may not be a reason to play this again, unless you are the type of person who likes watches movies over and over again.People may not like the length but consider  that the price for this game, is the same as a film. As well you can minander about if you so desire, in a house that exsists in 1995 with great reproductive detail. Making this game worth while, and a nice interactive story."
,Recommended,232430,10582799,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Curly Spencil,"An absolutely fantastic experience.   The atmosphere was quite creepy at times.  You really do truly feel that you are there going through this house, learning pieces of the story as you go along.   I find a lot of people are bashing on this game and it's absolutely unwarranted.  Not every game has to have weapons.  Some games are about narrative and the emotional experience.  I want more games like this, especially since the market is tending toward a social aspect."
,Recommended,232430,10983618,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,CaptainSock,"This game broke my heart, in the good way. And it scared the *$%^ out of me when I played in alone at night,10/10"
,Recommended,232430,10941205,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jabjab67,"Well this game is more creepy than it seems to be. I don't think its a good thing when you feel like your going to see Slender Man every single time you turn around! In all the story line is very loving and touching but running around a dark house without a goal is not my defenition of a game, once you beat it you can beat in like 5 seconds."
,Recommended,232430,10829796,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Googar,"You know what, I saw only ""Not Recommended"" recommendations on steam so I thought I would add my 2 cents.Gone home is a great story but as mentioned before it's barely 2 hours long, I purchased the game for $2.50 which I translated into McChickens (which are the unit I use to mesure value) and I would say this game definitely beats 2 McChickens, and I have absolutely no regrets about playing this game. For real though, why would you pay $20 for this game? that's almost 10 McChickens AN HOUR man if I had 18 McChickens over 2 hours I would be one happy American. In conclusion if you have to choose between Gone Home and x McChickens where x > 4 just go to McDonalds."
,Recommended,232430,10819891,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Displeased Duck,A fantastic interactive story.
,Recommended,232430,10985381,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Princess Ewe,"A lot of negative reviews come from people not realizing what this game was. It's a short story in an interactive format. You explore a house and uncover information about what you missed while you were abroad.I found this game really relaxed (although at times a little creepy!) and I really found myself caring about what happened to my sister, Sam.While this game is very much a 'walking simulator' it tells a simple story very well. It's a story that many queer gamers can surely appreciate and relate to. It resonated exceptionally well with me and I loved every bit of it. I only wish there was more I could learn abous Sam and Lonnie, I want to know how their adventure goes!Despite my praise, I do agree that the price tag is too high for the ~1-2 hour playtime. I'm reccommending with the understanding that if you buy it you should definately try to get it on sale!"
,Recommended,232430,11497151,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Senpaisann21,"There is no gameplay hereNoneAbsolutely nothingAside from trying to identify items that give you diary segements from generic items you've got nothing.But the storyMy god the storyNeverin a LONG timeHave the hairs on my neck displayed better erectility then my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm still in tears an hour later while writing this review.Furthermore not only is the ending fantstic but crank the volume up let yourself become emersed in a world so vivid and fleshed out, you are on the edge of your seat the whole time.In all honesty though gameplay is non existant the story is so amazing with so many little side stories to follow.I cri evrytim"
76561198262080096,Recommended,232430,21042509,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ElLirogono,Things to do list after playing this game:1. Change your sex to female.2. Travel back in time (& place) to the 90.'s (in U.S.)3. Become a ♥♥♥♥inglesbianteenage rrriot girrl(probably sth like Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles)
,Recommended,232430,28538959,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Torg,"Interesting game. I liked the experience quite a bit, the storytelling and exploration aspect of it was really enjoyable and the voice acting was very good.The sound effects and ambience were pretty spot-on for a spooky dark house in the pacific northwest (my favorite region of the US). I didn't like any of the protagonist's music, but that's just me (angsty hard rock hasn't been my jam since I was a teenager).I'll also say that as a man, naturally I couldn't relate to the protagonist's narrative as closely as some might, but I guess that's the point of experiencing a new story and learning about someone else. The story is very much a surprise.I liked the mystery and exploration, the ability to manipulate the environment in small ways, and the timing and progression of the clues. This really is a very well made game and deserves the good reviews it's getting.My final note is that there are no achievements or cards or anything for this on Steam. Huge bummer! I'm an achievement hunter and started this game just assuming I'd get a bunch for playing it through in an afternoon. Not the case at all, and the devs should fix that... If your game is on Steam, then add some Steaminess to it, please! :)"
,Recommended,232430,8781798,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,catsblackapplez,"So I launched this game, just to check it off my list of ""games you will eventually finish"" list.Never in a million years did I expect to get the feels from this game.10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,232430,29635902,Posted: 1 February,all,RUN JAB,"An atmospheric timepeice that never feels intrusive in how it tells its story, the short length helps to maintain immersion throughout. Completely duped me the first time I played and thats fine, in the end it made it all the better.It's inclusion of magazine cut outs of the babes from Twin Peaks make it a winner in my book."
76561197976596405,Recommended,232430,29651792,Posted: 2 February,all,ivan_meringue,"This is a very touching story which you can walk through more than it is any kind of game per se. Interactive fiction is a better term, except that wouldn't convey quite how Gone Home can affect you emotionally.If you would like to experience something that feels more personal and immersive and warmly human than the average first-person effort, then give this a go. The voice acting is of such a high standard and the layouts and scene-dressing so well thought out and there's enough visual personality to give everything a lived-in sort of feel, so that if you let it this game can be more like a favourite book or indie movie.Speaking as a six-five thirtysomething Englishman it sounds ridiculous, but everything is put together so thoughtfully and sympathetically that while you're playing you feel quite connected to the teenage, female, lovelorn protagonist. It's got to be really good to do that, right? Especially when her taste in music is so ropey...Having said that it is very goddamn short."
,Recommended,232430,8312550,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ponett,gone home made me cry
,Recommended,232430,10741628,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,SqueakyFoo,A short and sweet game that has quite the emotional impact. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,232430,14284903,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,DeadPoolX,"Gone Home is a first-person narrative adventure game about a woman coming home from college and finding out about her sister's exploits (and indeed, many of her family's problems). Set in the 1990s, the game features a fine array of 90s era memorabilia. Anyone who was a kid or a teenager at that time period will identify with at least some of the stuff in the house.GH has received a lot of bad press, mostly because of the most outspoken (and misguided) hardcore/e-sport gamers feel this isn't a game.What is a game? Hard to tell, really.You'll get a lot of different answers, but the crux of their argument is that GH isn't competitive, doesn't feature combat, mostly involves you walking around the house and discovering things (hence the derisive term ""walking simulator""), and the story is about a lesbian (which is why some people have referred to this game as ""Gone Homo"").You'll also hear people say the entire game is pretentious and leftist/feminist or something to that effect. I've seen some people call it ""man-hating."" How it's that is beyond me, and I'm a 35 year-old male.Obviously, GH wasn't made with those particular gamers in mind and that's okay. Not everyone wants to play the same types of games.If you are interested in a story-heavy narrative focused game which doesn't have combat or stressful situations, you might very well like GH. It involves a thought-provoking story that engages your brain instead of your reflexes.It's not perfect by any means, but it's a refreshing change of pace from the constant ""kill everything that moves"" tedium that are the vast majority of games.Don't listen to the obnoxious loudmouthed idiots on Facebook or the trolls who enter into the GH forums simply to cause havoc and attack everyone. For some reason they feel threatened by this game and instead of going off to play something they enjoy, they feel the need to hurt others who like something they don't.In short, they're bullies, and they aren't worth your time, even if you aren't interested in this game.(I bet I'll get voted down because I don't hate this game, and/or get flamed and called an SJW.)"
76561198081924022,Recommended,232430,9111206,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Subtext Creep,"Gone Home is a truly amazing experience.I recommend this to those who love a heart wrenching story. Though Gone Home is a game, it is more an interactive first person story book, with a truly immersive tale.I recommend buying this during a sale, because it plays for about 2 hours.Totally worth it."
76561197979895332,Recommended,232430,10820802,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Aurora_Boreanaz,"A fun and interesting exploration story.  I'm obviously too used to first person shooters, as I kept expecting something to pop out at me all the time.  I enjoyed searching the house for clues."
,Not Recommended,232430,21041165,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Scoop of Strawberry Ice Cream,"I walked slowly around a house for an hour and a half listening to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sob story. Barely qualifies as a game, you'll get the exact same experience watching an abridged Let's Play of it.What a joke. I can't believe they have the gall to ask $20 for this, I only paid $3 last summer sale for it and it's not even worth that."
,Recommended,232430,8354563,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Juicebox,Honestly one of the best games I've ever played. It was perfect.
76561198000126862,Recommended,232430,15820274,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,riseuplight,Very memorable game experience. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,232430,10974257,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Noody,"This game tackles an important und difficult topic in a very subtle kind of way. The gameplay is an slow-paced ""3D First-Person-Exploration-Adventure"" and reminds me of classic Point and Click Adventures. Overall it has a very creepy and unsettling atmosphere, which is being enlightened by the emotional story. It is a must-play for everyone who loves storytelling in games and doesn't mind a little reading now and then."
,Recommended,232430,7686803,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,nosavingthrow,"I was going to write ""Less a game, more a story that you can play,"" but upon reflection maybe that doesn't make it any 'less a game' at all.  We could talk about what it's not, but I'd rather say what it is - short, spooky, and terribly sweet.Do yourself a favor - find a couple of hours to spare when it's quiet where you are, or you have a good pair of headphones.  Grab a hot drink and a comfy chair.  Shut off your phone, your tablet, your whatever-other-distractions, and settle in to visit the spectres that dwell in this place.  They're not what you'd expect, but they are worth your time."
,Recommended,232430,8826371,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Goose?,"Fun, immersive experience, but too short.  The game took me less than 2 hours to complete. Although, during the 90 minutes, I couldnt put it down or stop playing. I got it during the steam winter sale and don't regret it, but I wouldn't pay 20 dollars for it.  It's a video game that plays like a book, and tells a story every step of the way."
76561197971392337,Recommended,232430,8848354,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,De(ath)signer,Simple and moving story. Masterpiece.
76561197983075399,Recommended,232430,959621,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Mamont1537,"You should play this.It's short, but has great (and a bit creepy) atmosphere, nice story, good voice acting and a lot of exploration.P.S. Also, that biology-homework-turned-into-WWII-novella is the best thing ever."
,Recommended,232430,8342746,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Snuckers,"If you have a spare 1-2 hours, this is a game that doesn't ask much out of you. You can play at your pace in exploring just what is happening after you come home from abroad. Simply wonderful story, without much fuss."
,Recommended,232430,7687285,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,walkmetothelake - IDLE FOR CARDS,"A story driven title with a fantastic soundtrack, great atmosphere, and a lot of heart. One of my best purchases on Steam."
,Not Recommended,232430,8699742,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,rrseeger,"The game builds up to be this awesome haunted house story and has all of these really quirky moments, and then it....... SPOILERS...... turns out to be a teenage lesbian love story.  No ghosts.  Nothing cool.  Just high school drama."
,Recommended,232430,15086314,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Archangel,"Wow, wow, wow, wow -- so many layers and little details. It's a master-class of showing, not telling, in gaming. Fantastic stuff.Make sure you read some of the analysis after you play -- you may have missed some very interesting hints and details about the story and characters."
,Recommended,232430,7803321,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Shindragan,"Even though I went in expecting something different, it was a heartwarming ride.It had excellent bits of nostalgia."
76561198059857577,Recommended,232430,11385201,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,boomer1997,"This game will touch you in places you didn't know could be touched. A beautiful story, told perfectly, but not much gameplay wise.So if you love stories, get it, if you want more gameplay, don't."
,Recommended,232430,13692340,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,zojoru,"This game has a lot of hate, and I can understand why some people wouldn't like it. Please note that this is NOT a horror game (hence the lack of a horror tag, duh) so If you want something violent and scary, this game is not for you. You will be very disappointed.I found this game to be relatable to me and I enjoyed the nostalgic 90s vibe. This game is realistic and fun if you like a good story and solving mysteries. I felt like this could be me coming home from a trip, easily which is part of what made it so fun to play through.I'd give it a 7/10 overall, and if you do end up getting it, I'd wait for it to go on sale. The full price is seriously overpriced, in my opinion."
,Recommended,232430,8136165,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Lana Del Taco,"Gone Home is simply a phenomenal story. I've noticed some reviews saying that they ""saw the twist coming a mile away."" But this isn't a story that hinges on one twist. It's just about people. People who you come to love and care about. People who disappoint you, betray you, make you laugh, and make you care deeply about them. By the end, I felt like I had grown up with this family. Like I was the character. Honestly, Gone Home is a roleplaying game in its own odd way.If you would like a story to make you laugh, cry, and experience the full breadth of human feeling (yes really) then get this.I read a comment on a Let's Play video of GH that said, ""I beat it in 10 minutes, game sux."" You can't ""beat"" Gone Home any more than you can ""beat"" Pride and Prejudice or something. Arguments about whether GH is a game or not are neither here nor there. It doesn't matter what the crap it is, as long as it's good. $20 does seem steep, but on the other hand the writing (in terms of quality and quantity) is pretty amazing. This is definitely at least worth picking up and trying during a sale, though.Also, this game is amazing if you like Riot Grrrl music. I had so much fun headbanging to the cassettes.TLDR: get Gone Home if you have a functioning human soul. I don't care if you play games to blow stuff up. Believe it or not, you're actually allowed to play more than one kind of game! :O"
76561198027052263,Recommended,232430,10978555,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Alonia,"This game is short.But beautiful. If you are the kind of person that enjoys exploring your surroundings then this is the game for you. There are so many objects to pick up, so many secrets to find. Gone Home is beautifully done and a heart touching story."
,Recommended,232430,16489134,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,rectangleboy,"What an incredible way to tell a story. Great, on point soundtrack. I cried at theend."
76561197993465128,Recommended,232430,10821141,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,AngryOrange,"If you approach gaming looking for rich stories and memorable tales, Gone Home may be something for you.  There is nothing to do in this game except experience it, it's void of puzzles or challenges, you're left to absorb the clues about your family and find out what has occured while your character was away.  In the end you'll find the explanations to be mundane, there's no horror here.  Take a couple of hours and drink deep of the setting and enjoy all that you find.If you enjoyed games like Dear Ester or Trauma, I'd suspect that you'll really enjoy Gone Home."
,Not Recommended,232430,21959242,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,OvenBaked,"Not a game.Not worth the price.Not enough is going on. Zero replay value. It's interesting for about 5 minutes until you figure out  ""yep, this is all it is"".I'd write a longer review, but I'll take leaf out of Gone Home's book and provide very little substance.And suddenly, it's the end of my review. That'll be $20 please.Not recommended."
76561198112432986,Recommended,232430,32098064,Posted: 31 May,all,OlafBerserker,"Cool for what it is i guess.  I dont understand the hype it got but overall pretty good experience ""playing"" through.  Not much to do as far as interaction goes, but if  you are into the story its engaging enough to finish it.  Its super short so if you want to kill some time and are able to pick it up cheap then i say go for it."
,Recommended,232430,32487378,Posted: 16 June,all,GSCNow,"A wonderful interactive story-telling experience filled with nostalgia, and best of all, relatable queer female characters."
76561198234421628,Recommended,232430,31899525,Posted: 22 May,all,HJAZisRikku,"Gone Home is an atmospheric first person exploration game which takes place in the mid-1990s. You play as Katie, a young woman who has finally come home after a year abroad.When you, Katie, return home, you find that the house is completely empty and your family is missing. The only clue that you have to-go by is a note left on the front door by your younger sister Sam.The whole game is you exploring your home to find out what happened to your family while you were away and what has happened in the past few weeksYou can pick up everything and explore every corner of the house, and along the way you will find clues and secrets which will trigger messages left by your sister. These little messages, as well as the lore you find around the house, will help you discover what is going on.The game has several core themes such as family, depression, and sexualityOne of the things I loved about this game is how rich it is in terms of nostalgia, and not just for those who grew up in the 90s.Sure Gone Home is filled with wonderful memories from the 90s such as old consoles, cassettes and VHS tapes but the game promotes the idea of childhood nostalgia as a whole as opposed to just one era.Finding condoms in your parent’s bedroom, looking through your siblings stuff, keeping old board games that none of you have played in years… these are all little snippets that can be applied to nearly everyone’s childhood.When playing, the game makes your reminiscence not just about the time it is set in, but your own memories too. Therefore, Gone Home gives a complex and relatable feeling of nostalgia that has the potentially to appeal to many gamers, as opposed to just one age demographic.The game also boasts some very interesting characters.Katie’s father is a failed writer who is attempting to come to terms with the fact his book wasn’t a success.Her mother is a wildlife conservationist who is trying to save her marriage.And her sister, Sam, is making new friends through inviting people back to their allegedly haunted house.Of course, there is much, much, MUCH more to these characters but I don’t want to spoil anything for anyone who is interesting in playing the game.You learn so much about these characters, not only through Sam’s messages, but also through the little trinkets, letters and objects you can find throughout the house.This is where the game truly shines. Through its mood and story-telling abilities, the game manages to make you care about characters you can’t even see.Gone Home is a very short game and can easily be finished in an afternoon, even with thorough exploration.However, there are lots of theories and lore online where players have speculated about the characters and the story. You can find several forums that discuss Gone Home in detail, which just proves how much the story impacts and envelopes you.The story, where you dig deeper, can often be quite dark at times – the game realistically portraying the effects of many real-life tragedies and horrors.As much as I personally love this game, the only thing I will say is that I don’t believe it is for everyone.You can sometimes find yourself lost in the house with no real direction, unless you’ve paid completely attention to every little thing you’ve picked up.For those who love exploring, this is no issue however I can recognise that players could get frustrated by this and could eventually give up on finding the story and thus the game ends as the whole point of Gone Home is its story and characters.It is also possible to miss quite a lot and jump ahead of the story, if you managed to stumble upon a secret too early. But since this game is so short, it is very easy to go back and do things differently, to explore things in another order or to pay more attention to certain areas.For those who enjoy touching stories, great characters and exploration games, I highly recommend Gone Home."
,Recommended,232430,33018464,Posted: 29 June,all,Sam,This game made me feel big because it's shorter than my♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198048165087,Recommended,232430,16782941,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,denill31,"I thought the game was quite fun. I do see a lot of negative reviews, which I think with this type of game is to be expected. This isn't your typical video game, particularly the way the story ends up going. If you want the typical, massive blowout ending, this probably isnt the game for you. It is filled with nuance and subtlety. If you do not enjoy stories unless they end with a massive clash of armies you probably wont enjoy this, however if you can appreciate a different type of story, you will probably enjoy the game. I am disappointed to see so many negative reviews because it means we are not ready as consumers to appreciate video games that stray pretty far out of the box. I hope to see more games like this, I for one really enjoyed the trip."
76561198013895006,Recommended,232430,16774350,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Deimos,"This game is a great example of why video games are art. However, it is a very short game, and there's not really any replay value. There are a number of hidden things to find, but nothing amazing. The story is absolutely worth the admission price if you get this on sale."
76561198008895567,Recommended,232430,16774492,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,[EDF] GET ZIKA'D,"This game became something of a lightning rod- politics outside this game's actual content have made it a favorite of some to hate, and some to promote. Assuming that you're looking for a review of the game itself, I'll say this.This is a somewhat artistic, story-driven game based on exploration.The major critisism that you'll see of it calls it a ""Walking simulator"". There are many other games that don't involve hit points and other such stats. This game primarily boasts the overall feel of what is going on, and while there are puzzle elements, it's not like a point and click adventure like your Monkey Island-type games. If you're looking for a horror game where you shoot zombies, you'll have to settle for one of the 10,000 other games that feature that.Replayability isn't high, in the same way that once you've ready a mystery novel, you might read it another time to see the things you didn't notice, or read it again after a good amount of time has passed to enjoy it again, even though you know the ending. This isn't the sort of game that you'll be playing every weekend, nor was it ever intended to be.I enjoyed this game, I found it's story interesting, and although it isn't especially long, the time spent was very engaging. This game has been out for a while, and is on sale rather often, so if you've gotten past the negative reviews long enough to see this one, I'd say it's definitely worth a play through."
76561198153099799,Recommended,232430,27400549,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,QueenOfKings,I began this game thinking it was a simple mystery game. Perhaps the sister lost her phone or her car died on her way somewhere. It involved so much more than I expected. Rummaging your way through a lovely house in your search for clues on where your sister is or what could have happened to her; finding secret passageways; unraveling the maze of locked doors and hidden truths. Gone Home addresses so many different and relevant topics in society. Great play with a fantastic soundtrack.
,Not Recommended,232430,33209495,Posted: 3 July,all,AbstractRealist,"This is one of the hardest games I've ever had to review because I genuinely liked the game right up until the ending.  Even then, I've recommended games before with feeling an ending was less bad.  So what makes this one different?  What makes me say I enjoyed the game itself but that changed after I finished it?  To me, it's all in how the game is advertised.  It's CLEARLY advertised as a mystery game with a smidge of horror/suspense.  Without spoiling anything, once you beat it you immediately find out there was NEVER any actual suspense.Even then I thought about still recommending the game, because the atmosphere is done so well that it feigns suspense when there is none.  However I still felt duped with this game, like it was a bait and switch.  Imagine if you paid to see a movie and in all the trailers and media it seemed like a horror movie...yet when you see it you realize it's just a drama.  That's what this game does.  If you're ok with that idea then it might be for you.Bottom line, the game is very well done it's ashame that the developers resorted to bait and switch tactics to sell the game.  I would probably recommend it if they had just been honest and billed as more of a ""drama"" game vs the suspsen/horror game it's made out to be...and I definitely would have recommended it if it would have had a true horror ending."
76561198171434157,Recommended,232430,29195650,Posted: 11 January,all,joseph.p.fusco,"The story took my breath away. It does take a specific type of person to connect with it on a deep level, but if you're able to do so, this game is worth every penny. It sat in my library for months before I got around to playing it. But once I did, I stayed up all night because I wanted so bad to see the end. I can't wait for more from Fullbright :)"
,Recommended,232430,10951766,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dagron,"Very well written, loved the suspense, fresh!It has no replay value, it's overpriced, would recommend to buy only with a discount."
,Recommended,232430,27758059,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Emerald,10/10 - Easily has been in my top 5 since release.
76561198049455508,Recommended,232430,29074626,Posted: 6 January,all,jgc5290,I purchased this game at a heavy discount.  Over all the game felt very predictable early on and although the whole game is easily finished in a few hours it actually felt too long. I had to push to finish rather than be interested in the story or characters.  The bits of humor and items in the house saved the game for me. Like tv guides and posters on the wall. I think its 6/10
76561198036803530,Recommended,232430,29665607,Posted: 3 February,all,BearC4t,"This game isn't terribly long, but I think that works in this game's favor. This game lays the story of your family out in a house thats totally unfamiliar to you, and it's up to you to delve into it and figure out what happened to your family while you were gone. This great game does an excellent job of making environments and telling the story through it."
,Recommended,232430,28974097,Posted: 3 January,all,¬_¬,"Actually I bought this game on summer sale 2016, ofc not full price and in my opinion you have to do the same if you think it's not worth to waste the money on walking simulator and few hours game and if you are here for collecting badges or game.But I think if you buy this game in full price, it worth for each well-designed room, story (maybe if you like this kind of genre―you know what), and to give a thank to company for all your tears.If there was a neutral option between yes or no, I pick it!I recommend this game because of the house and permission for messing around there.me :*I am not here for the story*I just messing around, believe me*5sec smile*"
,Recommended,232430,4183853,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,GhostQlyph,"A heartwarming narrative that couldn't exist outside of videogames. Excellent mechanical intereaction. Amazing attention to detail. Not a single videogame trope on display.Oh.And non-pretentious. God, what a game."
76561198132133011,Recommended,232430,16780867,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,lippy09,"So first thoughts are that i got this on sale for £1.79 to which im glad as it states the full price is £14.99 and it is not worth that much , but in saying that if you enjoy this type of game and can get it on a sale i would say do it ! its not a very long game as u can see from my play time as iv now completed the game in 2.5 hours. but the story gripped me and had me running different out comes in my head the whole time. so to finish would i recomend thes game - Yes  but i would not suggest you pay full price for it i would get it on sale if you can ."
,Recommended,232430,10825300,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Esh,"I was 18 and involved in the same counterculture (zines/alternative music/etc...) in 1995 as the protagonist's sister in this game, so to say that the atmosphere and story told strike a certain chord with me would be an understatement. Having lived in Portland and Seattle as well, many of the posters and venues described were more than familiar to me and kept me wanting to know more about Sam's life.Yeah, it's a short game, but hell, I spend more than its full price when I go to see a movie which lasts about the same amount of time and which I garner the same amount of entertainment out of.Look, if you're a homphobic neckbeard who haunts chan boards, or a teenage Call of Duty player, this game isn't for you. But for some of us, it's a wonderful piece of art and nostalgia. For fans of games like Dear Esther or The Longest Journey, that wrap you up in the story of the inhabitants of their worlds and leave you wanting more when they're over , its a must buy."
,Recommended,232430,10688976,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Westerlywick,"Gone Home will not only make you rethink what makes a game, but how you experience a story. Both passive and active, the story happens to you and with you. Gone Home left me with the feeling like I had experienced something completely new but also familiar. As an added bonus, the setting of the mid 1990's left me with a warm feeling of nostalgia as well as adding a comical touch to the general gameplay. Fans of The Stanely Parable will love this beautiful game."
,Recommended,232430,10825484,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Martel,This game broke and fixed my heart in 1 hour. buy it. play it. you will love it.
,Recommended,232430,10921870,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Pixel Pusher,"This is a really great use of a game to tell a story. It's very linear and probably will last at the very most two playthroughs, but it's a wonderful experience all the same."
,Recommended,232430,13489352,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Romulai,"Simple mechanics, engaging story, what it lacks in depth it makes up for in brevity. Pleasant, relaxing game to play after work for a casual player."
,Recommended,232430,13353104,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Hero Time,"More interactive story than game, but an amazing experience no matter what category you attempt to stuff it in. This game is a breath of fresh air, sincerity is so rare in modern storytelling regardless of the medium being used. If you need to take a little break from blowing things up or just want to try something that isn't dripping with sarcasm or irony, give this a chance."
,Recommended,232430,10742372,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Natedogg,Oh my god I just finished this game and now I'm a crying mess curse you emotions
76561198062555739,Recommended,232430,10432431,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,ekveanell,"Great quick play with an intriquing storyline. Simplistic and no real replay value, but no regrets buying it."
,Recommended,232430,11060476,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Demodulated,"A beautiful story that will tug at your heart strings and press your nostalgia buttons. It really scratches the exploration itch, giving you that videogamey voyeuristic satisfaction as you rifle through personal belongings and private stashes. It's short, to the point, and full of intrigue and surprises. It's one of those rare treats where exploration is the primary gameplay. Play it leisurely and unhurried and lose yourself in the warmth of this lovely story."
76561198031001579,Recommended,232430,11202759,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,THRILLHOUSE,Really interesting game but do yourself a favor and don't read anything about it before you play. It might not be your cup of tea for 20 dollars but it'd be a solid buy for most at <10 bucks.
,Recommended,232430,1658783,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,RandomProduct,is good
76561198038295377,Recommended,232430,9195988,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,mr. fearsome,"It's disappointing to see so many pople fail to recommend this game because it doesn't emulate other popular games already in the market.  It's true, the game is relatively short, you can play through it quickly in one sitting, and it isn't highly replayable.  Perhaps the price tag is a little high for that but I believe the great people at The Fullbright Company deserve to be paid for the work they put into this amazing piece of thoughtful entertainment.  This isn't a game for completionist achievement-farmers, it's not blood curdling or frenetic or scary, but I came to be deeply interested in the characters and their stories.  Gone Home also presented me with the most successful experience of truly stepping into another character's shoes.  The story offers subtle layers of depth that you might miss if you don't bother to search for them or make your own interpretations of the data offered to you.  The game showcases the stories of real people who feel pain and struggle to find their place in the world and I'm so impressed with the writers that I'll probably buy whatever they come up with next, sight unseen.  Some of the artists who worked on the game I've been following online for nearly a decade, and it feels nice to see their work pay off in this carefully rendered love letter to honest game design and storytelling.  The Fullbright Company did young people, specifically girls and queer folk, a commendable service that gives me hope for the future of video games."
,Recommended,232430,9337671,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Wanderer,"I really enjoyed the concept and game play. It was genuinely interesting. However, disappointingly short. I do not regret my purchase though."
,Recommended,232430,8469824,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,BURGER KING BOY,"This game is beautifully put together and has a very touching main storyline with some small stories hidden inside. The replay value is so great, and the game overall is a masterpeice...And it has boobies."
,Recommended,232430,8501782,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Widdle Squishew,"This game is beautiful.It's less of a game and more of an experience with a personable story. I smiled really wide and came close to crying when I played it to the end. There's deep meaning behind a lot of elements within the game. All in all, this game gives a very nice contemporary-esque story (if you consider the 90's contemp!) and really draws you in with its relateable articles left around.Breathe the characters and feel them out, it helps you immerse in the experience.My last note, the title of this game is brilliant, simple, and sweet. I wish I could say more without spoiling the rest!"
76561197975697093,Recommended,232430,8579264,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Mitty,"Brilliant story, really interesting game. Great atmosphere, highly recommended."
76561198028926496,Not Recommended,232430,10236233,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Parker,"Game sucks, ended up being a big waste of time and money. Thought this game would be interesting or thought provoking, but the developers just wanted to cash in on the lesbian/gay community and overdone tropes of teenage angst thinking that would make it edgy. Overall the game doesn't really promote good values or leave a lasting impression on the player; the wife is a would be♥♥♥♥♥♥debating on sleeping with a guy from work and ranting about it with her friend, the husband is a total loser trying to write a bestselling book and failing miserably, and their teenage daughter comes across as a whiny brat complaining about how she's having a tough time at school (what a shocker). The story revolving around their daughter can be summed up in three parts: persuing a sexual relationship with another girl at school, feeling like nobody understands her, and running away from home. That's it, there's nothing else to it! That's the story. I was suprised when I ubruptly came to the ending 1 and a half hours into the game with how little content was actually in the game. I actually went through it again to see if I had missed anything but it turns out I had read every note and unlocked every object. What an utter dissapointment.In terms of actual gameplay the objects and environments are only interactive in that you can open doors to move through the house, use a few codes to open some locked items, and read scraps of paper to hear about how boring this family is. Nothing thought provoking happens throughout the whole journey, and most of the items can be rotated 360 degrees to reveal that there is nothing of interest to find on the other side (yep that's just a bottle, or yep that's just another can), making the littering of objects just needless junk to sift through between rooms. I recommend you save your money for a developer that isn't out for a blatant money grab and also for a game that isn't complete trash. The devs should be ashamed to market this as a game as it's basically more like an interactive storybook, but even they have more substantial plots to offer than this shallow mess. I give this game 0 out of 10 stars."
76561198013337363,Recommended,232430,10456196,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Cyber★Angel,"This was a good game, but spoiler, if you have issues with the LGBT community, you probably won't like this game. That's just one reason you might not. It's a flowing story that is subtle, and builds on what most people expect from the spooky house scenario.It's a bit short, pick it up on a sale, but honestly a thoughtful, open-minded gamer will enjoy this. There is a reason critics enjoyed this game. We're far too eager to wolf down an overhyped game with hundreds of millions of dollars pushed into a recycled engine with no story and rehashed gameplay, but all too eager to bash something that is really trying something a little different.I, for one, loved this game. The writing was thoughtful, and geniuine, and by the end I felt I honestly would've paid even 15$ for a game that I only took about two hours to finish. I can't think of a game I would normally say that about.Take it for what it is, but don't bother if you are too jaded by years of butt-clenching behind chest-high walls and running from your slendery men ;3"
,Recommended,232430,10483008,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Pyrosexual,"A nostalgia filled, immersive story set in the early 90's about a woman who returns from a trip around the world only to find her younger sister has gone missing.An incredibly touching story about discovering who you are and the pains of being a teenager. Beautifully written, wonderful voice acting, and definitely worth checking out."
,Recommended,232430,10859379,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,mschempp,"So many 3 ring binders! Also, RIP Mittens the cat.This is a quick narrative-based game (and yes, it is a game) that tells the story of a young girl coming home to an empty house, and how she pieces together what happened in her absence. The narrative style works very well at putting the player in a sense of urgency, even though we know nothing bad has happened. There is an excellent, thought-provoking story, and the player has agency in trying to put all the pieces together in a coherant narrative."
,Recommended,232430,10891014,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,B l a n d i e,*cries for 50'000 years*
76561198002716732,Recommended,232430,9251978,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Scouten,"Gone Home was interesting it's an homage to the old point and click Adventure game purely driven by story which depending on your perspective on the sbuject matter can be fantastic or downright awful. where most people tend to dislike the game is in its ""gameplay"" and lack of content for the price which i agree is quite steep but in terms of $/hour still better than a trip to the cinema. Whille not for everyone if you do enjoy solely narritave based gameplay pick this up the in-game interactive commentary is also a nice feature that i wish more games had"
,Recommended,232430,9304988,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Sarah,absolutely beautiful. great story and atmosphere
,Recommended,232430,9329004,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Becki QT 3.14,A very beautiful story.Simple game.
,Recommended,232430,10803440,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Scout,"Short, sweet and simply amazing."
,Recommended,232430,10844480,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Chimichangas,"İlginç hikaye,güzel sunum ,çok kısa oynama suresi 1-1,5 saatte bitirdim.1-2$ olunca almanız tavsiyem."
76561197990672230,Recommended,232430,10848187,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,NineByNine,"First, the game is two hours long. That's it. You can probably complete it in just under that. That's what you're getting out of this in raw playtime.However, as anybody should know, a game isn't just about raw playtime. Gamers who call Skyrim a great game just because you can sink several hundred hours into it suffering at the hands of an abysmal story in an admittedly pretty world, which you can mod to high heaven just so you can have godlike powers and naked followers is clearly not the type of gamer who would ever want this game, so if you are one of those gamers, then I think you ought to avoid Gone Home.Gamers who prefer a game to be frenetic, action packed, and full of rapid-fire explosive high-calibre instant gratification should not buy this game. There are no guns, there are no killstreak packages, there are no physical monsters to face...On that subject if you want a game like Amnesia, no you don't want this either. Just trust me on that.However, if you are the sort of gamer who will willingly part with cash for something that is an experience, and touches something deep inside you, that reaches to your very core and makes you FEEL something, this is the game for you.I bought this game, and I sank two hours into it, and it was worth eveyr penny. I paid more than that in emotional connections to characters I never see, never meet, and only hear about through the narration of the game.And it was worth every tear too."
,Recommended,232430,11088936,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Boran,"While more akin to a VN rather than a full blown game Gone Home achieves the same qualities as some of the better VN's A story that manages to move you more, because you are inside of it.For $20 is it a tough call, but if it ever goes on sale, grab it, as it is an experience not often had in gaming."
76561198082727614,Recommended,232430,7903929,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,CuTeacup,"Wow, this game was not what I was expecting - The whole feel of it was very errie and dark, and I was, at first, hoping for some scary story to rise out of somewhere - But it never really does. Instead, there is a fantasticly moving, tearjerking story of a girl that I can relate all to well to - And the ending made me cry like a baby. Dont get this game if you're looking for some scares, but if you're looking for some feels, you've found the right game."
76561198034275468,Recommended,232430,7930434,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Linny,"I have a bit split feelings about this game. I bought it while it was on sale, and now after playing it, it felt like a good decision. The game had a bit of an aerie feeling to it since you start of as Katie, coming home and finding the family’s house completely empty with you as a player walking through it, interacting with object to try and piece together what has happened.The game itself was very short and kind of left me with a “oh... ok... so that was it?”-feeling, as I expected a bit more from it than I got. The game is basically an interactive story, where you will piece together information, painting images of different family members, however, if picking up the right pieces of information to advance the story, there is no need to investigate everything and after a while it is clear where the story is going. I kept thinking about twists but everything was kept on track and nothing threw me off balance.It was a nice game, if bought on sale, but very short and became predictable. I have mixed feelings about it but do think that if I hadn’t spent moneys on this, I would have been perfectly fine without playing it. It is a forgettable game with a forgettable story that is, if even, only needed to play once."
,Recommended,232430,8376003,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Colotol,"Yep, This games story is so heartwarming and just ""Nice"" and relaxed to play through.... Would recomend, but thr price is bit hefty for it imo, but for the hour I got it was truely wonderful"
,Recommended,232430,8541683,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Rho,"At first I was kinda freaked out to play this game...I thought it would be scary. Once the story started to unfold though- I was more intrigued and just wanted to find out every bit of information I could. What a great story :) If you can spend $6 on book to read, this game is worth it. It tells a beautiful story like a novel- but with interactions. Well done."
76561197960544100,Recommended,232430,8545388,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Jay,Break out the Ouija board and contact Roger Ebert. Video games can be art.
,Recommended,232430,20021184,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Edgar,"You will find something in this game that sticks with you, even years after playing it."
76561198011820005,Not Recommended,232430,20381341,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Ehrgeiz,"An experimanet in storytelling, but it would help if it had an interwsting story to tell. Minimal ""gameplay"" to speak of. Give it a pass."
,Not Recommended,232430,20766167,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,JaideeUK,I bought this game in the steam sale for £1 and even I think that is too much for this game. Very disappointing.
76561198088918135,Not Recommended,232430,20818196,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Twister Mike,"Gone Home is a unique game released in 2013 for windows and in 2016 for the Xbox One and PlayStation Four. The main character, Kaitlin, has just returned from a year long trip around the world, but when she gets home, no one is there. Then the game begins and the player has to explore the house looking for clues to what had happened, and why no one is home.This whole game revolves around this mystery, leading to some interesting storytelling. In a way the whole game is almost like a detective game. When searching the house the player will find different items, such as books and notes that they can read. Everything in the game world can be picked up and manipulated. I’m not going to give anything away here, but when I figured out what happened in the year that passed, it blew my mind. After learning more, I started to relate more to Sam, Kaitlin’s sister. It enlightened me as to how a  specific group of people become who they are. It is rare for a game to become so understandable, and relatable so quickly. Needless to say the story is really well done, and the main reason for playing this game. Every member of the family has something unique and interesting to learn about, with secrets hidden around every corner.The design of the house is really intriguing. It feels like there are remnants of the past everywhere, that are just waiting to be explored. Although, it does seem a little bit big for it to be a normal house. This is forgivable, because everything that is in the house is really interesting to explore. The game is anything but linear. Since the entire game is based around searching for clues to the past, players will often find some things others did not, or have a relatively similar, but different experience.Despite all of these amazing factors of the game, there are many flaws. For me personally, these flaws do not out way the overall good of the game, but for some they might. To begin, the game is not a traditional game. There are no enemies, monsters, or any real antagonist. As you would expect this leaves the game with very little tension between characters. For the most part, the story is primarily told from Sam’s point of view. Depending on how you view storytelling, this could potentially be great or awful. For me it worked, but I felt that it was very one sided, especially with the audio logs. Everything that is there is really inspiring, informational, and emotional, but to me it would have been interesting to hear more audio logs that were not part of the main story. There are many side stories that could have been fleshed out more.Additionally, there is a great deal of reading. Similar to Phoenix Wright, your experience with this game will greatly depend on whether you enjoy reading a lot of text in games. To me, this game seemed a little too reliant on text. Without much tension I found it hard to engage with the game at times. I would get bored because there was not much to do other than reading. I think more audio logs would improve the quality of this aspect of the game and make it more interesting.Another, major flaw of the game is its lack of time and replay value. The game only lasts about two hours. It took me only an hour and a half to complete, but yet the developers are charging twenty dollars for this experience. This would be fine, if there was some replay value, but there is hardly any. After I finished the game, I had no intention of going back to play it again. It is good, but not worth playing again. Because of that, this game is definitely not worth the price. I got it on sale for five dollars, and that is probably the most that I would pay for it.The game is good for what it is, but very few games justify the price of twenty dollars for only two hours of content.Overall, the narrative and storytelling in this game are great, but all of the problems that come with it may cause the game to not be worth it to some people. For me this game is an interesting and creative spin on traditional methods of storytelling. Additionally, I think that this is an important game for the community as a whole, because of its strives to turn the tables on traditional methods of interaction and storytelling. However, because of its many flaws and oversights, I must give this game a two out of five. That is not to say that it is a bad game, just one that will only appeal to a niche audience. Your experience with this game will ultimately depend upon whether you enjoy new and unique ways of storytelling, a lack of enemies, and being able to piece the story together with little help.If you like this review check out my blog. I upload one review per month atmikevideogames.wordpress.com."
,Not Recommended,232430,20757102,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,The Protagonist,"I bought this game, then I went home"
76561197970903365,Not Recommended,232430,20516035,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Jumps,"IGN reposted a review on this game because it got ported to Xbox.  9.5? LOL.  Don't waste $20 for this pro LGBT ad campaign disguised as a video game.  If you're really that curious, watch someone play it on YouTube and save your money for something else."
,Recommended,232430,29351871,Posted: 19 January,all,Silli,Such an intruigin game! I had goosebumps and the anticipation was great. Absolutely loved it and would definately try more games in the same style. Would defo reccommend this game :D
76561197977358764,Recommended,232430,29535563,Posted: 27 January,all,Zero,"A short, consice, and beautiful example of simple but profound interactive storytelling.  If you can point, click and keep an open mind, then you must play this game."
,Recommended,232430,18421793,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Maximum Bird,"This game was gifted to me a long while ago. The person who gave it to me kept encouraging me to give it a shot, so today I played it. I'm glad I did. It was worth it. The eeriness of coming home to an empty but lived in house was unsettling, but in a clever way. It felt like home but with something slightly off. It felt right but wrong at the same time. The developers/programmers did an excellent job of creating an immersive environment.The story telling is wonderfully eloquant. The plot devices used to move it forward are creative and encourage you to explore your surroundings. Of course, it also means you can move random items into the bathrooms and leave the facuets running while the serious plot unfolds around you.I appreciate that the developers leave you a lovely bread crumb trail for you to follow that encourages you to determine what happened. It's brilliant."
76561198038897448,Recommended,232430,10907274,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Quber {switch},"Atmospheric and compelling. Picked this game up in the sale and well worth the money I payed for it. It's a little short to be worth the full price tag for someone on a budget, but if you have cash flapping about everywhere and you like a good story driven experience then I highly reccomend you purchase this game. Loved it."
,Recommended,232430,10629822,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,JarkPro,"December 22, 2013Finished Gone Home earlier. All I can say is; despite the setup, the experience has a satisfying payoff. About an hour in, I could somewhat predict the ending. Or what I thought would be the ending. The real enjoyment was discovering the family's backstory as well as darker undertones. The house has a creepy, but also a well lived feeling.I even enjoyed the Stanley Parable reference (but don't quote me on that one).The real story is about a girl discovering herself throughout adolescence and her sister working through memories.9.5/10"
76561198046374762,Recommended,232430,11064587,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Filigree,"I cannot believe how great this game is. A fully immersive, emotional experience with storytelling which helps solidify games as art."
,Recommended,232430,13024509,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,What in the goddamn...?,Lesbian angst/waking around a house/90's nostalgia simulator. You will feel feels. Also game teases ghosts but never delivers. 2 hours of my life wasted. 10/10 buy it please.
,Not Recommended,232430,14816439,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,ahmeddangerman,"I was so hyped to play this game after reading the review from IGN. I love games with similar conceptes. After I finished reading the review, I thoght this is what I was long looking for.So, I played the game, and was extremely disspointed with it. This is probably the most disappointing game that I've ever tried ever in my whole life!To start with, this game is way overpriced. It took me like 90 minutes to go through the whole game. Not just that, it is very shallow. You just explore the house reading messages (so many of them). I got hooked when I read the messages, but then the story ended up to be very bad and uninteresting. I don't want to talk so much about the story because I don't want to spoil it for anyone, but the story is bad in every possible way.5/10"
76561197988389585,Not Recommended,232430,16783392,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,varsil,"I got this one one of the occasional fire sales they have on it, so I just paid a couple of bucks.This isn't really a game in the usual sense, because your existence at all is irrelevant to the plot, and to the extent there are any challenges they are rapidly self-evident.You can pick up and handle a whole lot of objects in the game, but for 99% of them there really is no point.The game keeps you interested through the process by playing a lot of bait-and-switch, telling you that there are stories going on that never actually mean anything.  If you start getting interested in anything occult going on, it's just a distraction.The actual story (spoilers here) is another fake-out, looking like it's building towards a suicide pact and instead building to the ""happy ending"" of two teenaged girls running off to live with each other.  Without any means of support.  Or money.  If you project this one forward a few months the ending could be pretty dark.  But this isn't the sort of game that's going to think through the implications of this sort of thing.  We're supposed to just celebrate their decision to pursue their teenage romance in favour of social oppression.  Given the lifespan of the average teenage relationship it'd probably have been a far happier ending if they were all just sad for awhile and then moved on and pursued other relationships later.All in all, expect this game to dangle you around with false plot threads for no more than a couple of hours before it gets to the point, which really could have been done in a single expository sequence.  This feels like a tiny fragment of a much bigger (and theoretically better) game."
,Not Recommended,232430,16470573,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Twilight Shadow,"While a nice story, the mechanics were lacking overal. The game classifies as a walking simulator, and while the visuals are nice and pretty to look at, the only semblance of gameplay involves finding the associated keys and whatnot to advance throughout the house. Some actual puzzles would have been nice.it was dissapointing to say the least. I wouldn't pay more than a dollar for it if I bought it again.*spoiler*The only interesting twist was that there was no demon/ghost, and that's actually dissapointing."
76561198085774395,Not Recommended,232430,17307646,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,ToXic RhIzE,"I sure wish I would have read all of these reviews firstly. Instead of jumping in and buying it off of recommendations from a magazine! I was seriously disappointed. It was a waste of money in my opinion. I guess I can go back in and collect all of the objects and display my OCD problem like a few others in here. That might take longer than completing the actual game did.My first review on a game purchase, and it had to be a crappy one. Oh well, moving forward now!"
76561198027388146,Recommended,232430,7546287,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,TheAppetizer,A short but very emotional story that unfolds as you explore the house.  It has a very creepy atmosphere but I promise there are no jump scares (other than thunder).
,Recommended,232430,9903960,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,rcteske,"Awesome way to deliver a story.. and a huge, messy house. Weirdly engaging."
76561197972421455,Recommended,232430,10847994,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Charlie2na,"Gone Home fully deserves its increasinly rooted place in indie gaming history for an experience that delivers in subtle atmospherics, scraps of paper and whispers. This is not a game illuminated by the flare of a smoking gun or a complex crafting system of survivavl through open world exploration. Instead, the bells and whistles are stripped back, the HUD is made redundant and the intonation is on total immersion into a well-structured story experience.There are many better in-depth and impassioned views and reviews above and below this one regarding the story, but to add a point of practicality and precursor to the mose-click 'add to shopping basket;' a few things to follow up recurring themes in the wake of this quiet all-conquering indie development:1) Gone Home is an intricate story told in an intimate way through its methodical and meditative rhythm. Its tension and atmosphere is generated from the very grace and pace with which you traverse this strange and abandoned home, uncovering it's secrets and exploring its nooks and cranny's in the slow development of multiple characters that entwine the story tapestry. As hinted, you dictate this pace; the player, so try to ignore the negative reviews stating nihilsim, boredom ad banality, as it is the indiviudal players preference that has made this so; not the game. If you are an all-action, all-killing quick thrills gamer, you will hate this game- it unfurls slowly and languidly to nurture narrative. If you are a strategic, statistical, survivalist gamer, you will hate this game- there is no threat, no zombie apocalypse and no crafting system. To save you the trouble of listing off all other alternatives, in basic terms, if you are looking for a game that tries something different, that is built on story instead of story built on top, give Gone Home a play, for it is a quiet, expanding tale that is formukated through fragments and observations. The rain falls in the black expanse outside the home you explore, distant thunder rumbles, light and shadows grow as you move through rooms and corridors and the night- the game- lasts as long as you want it to. The true detail is in the jigsaw of story; not any graphical majesty of this small-scale Unity build.2) Gone Home also shows where this renaissance in story telling games is heading, so there's no harm in owning a piece of indie development history. The story is by no means the most intense, emotional, intricate tale ever told- it did not bring me to tears, but the quiet majesty of its execution is worth experiencing from the perspective of simply enjoying the game experience. Once you have finished this game, been told the story, I find little cause for instant replayability. It's like reading a good book knowning that one day you will pick it up and have a second look. For this point alone, the price at time of writing (£15.00) can be seen as a little steep for a 2-5 hour experience, but any cut in a steam sale should be an instant snap if you are slightly interested. Be willingly immersed and you will enjoy your time in the house of Gone Home.A final thing, while Gone Home has rightly been applauded and awarded since release as a watermark for indie gaming with a storytelling soul, there are many other great small-scale devs left in the shadows of its glaring hype. If this experience sounds  like your thing, make sure you scour the Steam indie section and greenlights for similar projects with similar narrative heart and soul. To the Moon, Kentucky Route Zero, Dear Esther, Home, Trauma etc etc...The best stories all deserve to be told."
,Recommended,232430,7931197,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Vampyri,"Having finished this game, I can now see why the masses are so divided when reviewing it.  It's not a ""game"" in the tradional sense, more of an interactive story.  It's an excellent recreation of what a house may have contained in 1995. Being 31 myself, I had dozens of ""wow, I haven't thought about those things in years!"" moments.  But alot of the games magic is going to be lost on anyone who grew up with a cell phone and high speed internet access.  As far as the ending goes, SPOILERS SPOILER SPOILERS DON'T READ ANY FURTHER IF YOU DON'T WANT TO KNOW HOW IT ENDS SPOILERS SPOILERSI thought it was beautifully done.  This is the first game I'm aware of where the big plot twist hinges on the sexual preference of a character.  Sam being a lesbian was awesome.  I came into this expecting a kind of ghost story, but I was very satisfied with the path the game chose.  I have played scores of horror games that fit the ghost story bill, but only one game like this. There truly is only one Gone Home."
,Recommended,232430,8222076,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,SlowJabroni,Made me have feels
,Recommended,232430,8422043,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,CoruptAI125,"Even in the short time it took me to play this game all the way through, I got my moneys worth. Touching is the perfect one word review for Gone Home."
,Recommended,232430,9626331,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,whoisbma,"Frankly most of the nostalgic 90s teen romance/drama is lost on me, but Gone Home is still compelling. In some ways it is a culmination/deconstruction of the ""story delivery by audio pick-ups"" model - all there is is stuff to manipulate, scrutinize, or take, the environmental storytelling (in this case largely a ton of red herrings plus text), and the audio itself. The story is endearing in a sort of simple and youthful way, much like the context of the teenagers' lives you're basically examining under a microscope - first love, identity definition, family strife, new school, new house - though not quite resonant enough as a coming of age experience for me. In any case I enjoyed taking the time to inhabit this place."
,Recommended,232430,9793094,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,AMB 10,"Another entry for the ""games as art"" crowd, Gone Home isn't much of a game. It's not much of a visual novel either, which seems to be the other extreme. There's a lot of note-reading, but the meat of the game simply comes from exploring the world around you and taking in the story. It's a very well-written and well-conveyed, with little tidbits here and there that allow you to paint a picture of the family as a whole. It's short but VERY sweet.So yes, the game itself is very well-done. Technologically, however, it's clumsy and stiff. You control with almost no responsiveness, the physics have no realism or consistency to them, and the game lags a lot when you start throwing stuff on the floor or simply going near windows. This game feels like it would have rocked in Amnesia's HPL engine. The added immersion of manually opening doors & drawers and maipulating objects that react dynamically and realistically would make this a near-perfect experience. In Unity, however, it doesn't feel like much is holding Gone Home together aside from duct tape and ABC gum.Great story and a great level of immersion. If it weren't for the awkward controls and physics, not to mention the ridiculous lag spikes, this would be an absolute winner. Nevertheless, it's still a damn good interactive story."
,Recommended,232430,10200036,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Another Eternity,"This is a game that I would recommend picking up on sale. I'm not sure I'd recommend it at the full price. Don't read anything about it. It's best to not really know much about it other than that you explore an empty house and have to figure out what's going on through that exploration. Great story and interesting experience. Probably not much replay value though. It's probably a fairly divisive game, so you'll either really like it or not like it. I'm glad I bought it and played through it. Also a great nostalgia trip for anyone who grew up in the 90s."
,Recommended,232430,10794869,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,frenchiefellow,"Certainly not for everyone. If you like walking simulators with a rich narrative (see Dear Esther, for example) you will most likely enjoy this game. There's not a lot to do, but there's a decent amount of things to find and story to hear. I enjoy games where the plot can unravel by the most unlikely of discoveries and that you know plot can just be hidden anywhere, so you best explore! Time-wise, this is pretty short (I think it took me about an hour, and thats exploring every nook and cranny I could find), so its hard to recommend it at any price range north of, say, $5. I got it for $3, and it was a great investment in my eyes. I really enjoy plot dense stories, although if you are looking for gameplay, look elsewhere; this is not your genre. Its a casual and relaxing game that you'll probably want to finish in one sitting and overall, its highly enjoyable to the right player. 8/10"
76561198000025276,Recommended,232430,10853693,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,JaVa Script67,"short but hella good, very different"
,Recommended,232430,5159821,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,[NERV] Sasha Greyfox,"A nice change of pace game, there is no killing, no ghosts, and not even a health bar. Every now and again we all get bored of our ""killing games"" and this can scratch that itch.  I mean it's still not for everyone, very slow paced and all fo the story comes through text and ""audio logs"".  The story itself is very different from what we've come used to in games and in a way requires a bit of maturity when it's being approached.  II dont think $20 is the right price for it, and Clocked in only 2 hours.  DONT WATCH any previews or reviews, go straight in."
,Recommended,232430,7802237,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Rabid Llama,"I'd absolutely recommend Gone Home. It tells a story in a way that only a game really could, and it's something not quite like anything else I've ever seen. It's also full of wonderful nostalgia if you're old enough to remember growing up in the 90's. The game isn't long, but it's also exactly the length it needs to be. Grab it on sale if you're concerned about that :)"
76561198053420362,Recommended,232430,8014703,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,FauxFungus,"+ Great story - Loved all the smallest clues.+ Atmosphere.+ Good sounds - Enough to keep the player on his/her toes.+ The artwork - The painted pictures, girls' drawings, cutest details.------ Too short!"
,Recommended,232430,8267091,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,kvk1,"I'm a sucker for a good mystery-adventure game. I'm also infatuated with anything relating to 90s grunge/punk culture and the ""teenage angst"" shenanigans that's always tied to it. This game combines two in a short (very short) but absolutely engrossing experience. Instantly immersive gameplay/story, beautiful visuals with some of the most intricate texture detail I've ever seen, a true-to-the-era custom soundtrack, and very important social commentary that's highly relevant to modern times. This isn't so much a game, as it's an experience. Get at it."
,Recommended,232430,8375011,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mnemophage,"I am not recommending this game. I am recommending what this game represents.The interweaving stories are lovely - the major storyline becomes a bit maudlin and tends to loop back over itself with increasingly sappy declarations, but it works out in the end and I don't think it could be told as effectively through any other form of media. The background stories are wonderful in their minimalism, lending a true and heartbreaking feel for these characters you only meet through their detritus. The game is short, kind of painfully so, the sort of short that leaves you wondering if that's it, if there's no more, if you have to stop playing now. You leave the game with the same feeling you have when you put down a book that went by so fast - satisfied but empty, unwilling to re-enter your own, familiar reality.That's still not why I'm recommending it. I'm recommending it because I want people to see a game where interactivity is reduced to the absolute minimum - to picking up objects and twisting them around - and know that it was good. I'm recommending it because it portrays a lesbian relationship as something other than cheap camp, and treats the heaviest of issues with both respect and honesty. I'm recommending it because a game about relationships, story, dialogue, has a good shot at being game of the year, and that says something about our industry that I am proud to speak aloud.So, before I get all mushy: boobs♥♥♥♥♥♥money lol they're gay.There. That feels better. That feels familiar.Buy this game so I don't have to do that again."
76561198010330134,Recommended,232430,8411244,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Mr. Tibbles,I dont know if this is a review or not but its scary. That is all.
76561198040778629,Recommended,232430,8422260,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Mitten the Kitten,"I... wow.  I just finished playing Gone Home just a little while ago, and I'm speechless and in tears.  I won't give away spoilers, but the theme to this story is something very important to me and is something I've been looking for in a game for who knows how long.  It may be a bit pricey for the length of the game, but for me it was absolutely worth it if only just to see something like this put out there.  Gorgeous dialogue, moving story... all I can do is say ""thank you""."
76561197993483377,Recommended,232430,8449411,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Thunder Monkey,"They say good art makes you think, so in that regard ""Gone Home"" is good. I bought it because of  Adam Sessler naming it his game of the year, and while I think the experience was...interesting to say the least, I'd say  the reason all these gaming outlets are falling head over heels for this ""game"" is because it deviates from the norm of what a video game is. It's an interactive story, not a game.Just like ""The Walking Dead"" I think to call this a game is a bit of a stretch. There is no combat, there is no alternative way to do things. There is a story, that you follow. What you get out of that story comes from how much you wish to snoop around and read notes and look at the fine details. I just wanted to finish the damn thing, so I did not read any and everything.At the end of it, yeah, it was a pretty interesting experience. If you like stories and out of the box thinking, give it a try. Just check your expectations at the door. Though I do agree, this is just a big PSA for the LGBT community..."
,Recommended,232430,8624800,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Professor Daft,"If you're like me and skeptical of hype, this is one of those few moments where you needn't be concerned; Gone Home is a wonderful game. Light in terms of mechanics, but it very well makes up for that in naraitive and the delivery of narrative. The story is compelling (if a bit cliched), and one of the few occasions where I can say that I teared up a little during a game. Gone Home goes to great lengths to immerse you in the world, and I heartily recommend anyone with a passion for games to play it!Edit: One criticism that comes up is the game's cost. I find myself in agreement that $19.99 is a bit high for such a short game, so if you're hesitant about paying that much for a short game, I would suggest waiting for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,232430,8715620,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Kyrie72,"I absolutely loved this game! I cannot wait for more from the developer.The voice acting is stellar, which is important because this game is very story driven, and the story comes mostly through phone messages, voiceovers and narration.While it does not offer a lot more on subsequent playthroughs it's the same concept of reading a good book again; you want to meet the characters again and be a part of their story.This game is very real, and I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,232430,9156002,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,The Darkest of Lords,"Fun, intimate exploration. Had me hooked to the end. Now I want to play the horror story version."
,Not Recommended,232430,9414090,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Vincent,"Not a video game. This is slow, this is lame. At this price, please watch ""Telma & Louise"" but stay away from this."
76561198065979638,Recommended,232430,8489754,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,verstehen,"This game will be nostalgic for anyone who was in high school in the 90s (like me). It's especially nostalgic for those of us who were teenagers and confused or felt like outsiders for any number of reasons. The depth  of detail involved in creating the environment and the well-written story make this game really worth it. It is, however, fairly short; I finished in about 2 hours and I'm a compulsive ""LOOK AT ALL THE THINGS"" kind of player. You may also have to tweak the controls a bit; for some reason I had to move my mouse sensitivity down on the game because movement/look was making me motion sick.Still, I can see why this game keeps getting praised, especially as someone who basically was Sam's age in 1995."
,Recommended,232430,9374679,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,skepa,"A very nice, atmospheric, emotional interactive story. I would recommend this title if you have an hour or two to spare."
76561198110504451,Recommended,232430,9464682,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,falk.matthias78,"well done.I really was going through some feelings like in a good movie or book while i was uncovering what happend. I really appreciate the ""game"" but would recommend it only to those who enjoy reading a good book. But for those ... when there is that rainy evening and you are home alone, put off your phones, grab yourself a beer or tea and set sail for a 2-3 hours long ""comming of age - first love - weird halloween - mid-marriage-crisis"" story"
,Recommended,232430,10891066,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,billie337,"Katie is a 20 year old woman that has just returned home from a trip through Europe.  She has come back at 1:15 am and hopes to find somebody home to welcome her back, but her house turns out to be eerily empty.  She then starts to search around the house for clues as to what happened to her family.  This is the basic plot of the game “Gone Home” by The Fullbright Company.  The main character is Katie, and the game centers around her discovering what happened to her family.The game is rather simple.  I did nothing more than walk around and interact with the many objects that I found.  The explanation for how the game functions can definitely be seen as boring, but what The Fullbright Company does with the house is actually rather astounding.  Firstly, the house is extremely detailed.  As soon as I walked through the front door of Katie's house, I immediately felt as if I entered the front door of a real house.  Something that really helps this feeling is how there are many, many objects scattered around the house that I could interact with.  Every lamp can be turned on or off, every phone can be picked up, every drawer can be opened, etc.  This really helps the house feel real.  Not only that, but since I could interact with more objects than I needed to, it made the game feel very mysterious.  I felt like the next object that I needed to pick up to continue the story could be anything in any room.That's where the charm in this game lies.  The game starts with a few locked doors, but it's definitely not a linear experience.  The game allows you to explore a majority of the house right away.  In fact, if you know where all the right objects are, you can skip right to the ending in a matter of minutes.  However, that's exactly what makes the thrill of discovery in this game so potent.  Everything was already laid out in front of me, but I had to use my investigative skills to find the end of the game.  In addition, every discovery I made felt important.  The story of this game is slowly revealed with every discovery made, so every discovery felt satisfying.Not only that, but every discovery let me become more immersed in the story.  Immersion isn't a very hard thing to accomplish with a video game, but this game immersed me like no other.  By the end of the game, I felt like the house wasn't just a house anymore.  I felt as if the house was a house that I had lived in for my whole life.  I felt as if the family I was hunting down was a family I actually cared for.  Most of all, I actually cared enough about the solution of the game to feel as if all the discoveries I made were worth it.However, that's where one problem I had with the game lies.  Although every discovery felt satisfying, I realized how few of them actually mattered.  I was constantly finding notes detailing everything about the family I was trying to find, but a lot of those details didn't matter in the end.  I won't reveal what those details are, but it made it feel as if a lot of the discoveries that I made simply could've been left unrevealed.  It could be argued that the unnecessary discoveries helped the immersion, but I felt like they were less immersive and more intrusive.  Those unnecessary discoveries didn't stop the game from immersing me, though.A great example of how immersive this game is would be how scary it is.  I don't scare easily because I tend to fear the unknown as opposed to things popping out at me.  The Fullbright Company definitely understands how to actually scare a person.  The atmosphere in this game really got to me multiple times.  I was constantly afraid of stumbling upon something evil even though those fears were rather silly.  The developers even acknowledge those silly reasons with humorous dialogue.  For example, lights are constantly flickering in this game, but I stumbled upon a piece of paper very early on that gave a logical explanation as to why the lights kept flickering.  There was no reason to be scared by flickering lights anymore, but that didn't stop be from looking around nervously whenever a lightbulb blew out.Most importantly, the climax of the game actually had me on my toes.  There's no doubt in my mind that other people wouldn't have cared at all about what happened during the climax of the game, but I cared a lot.  I was so immersed in the game at that point that I was actually afraid to continue due to what would be waiting for me at the end.  I have no doubt in my mind that some people will find what I'm about to say ludicrous, but the ending to this game was actually one of the most intense experiences I've ever had in a video game.  With that being said, the resolution is rather disappointing.  Once everything had been explained, I couldn't help but feel underwhelmed.  I had to look back through everything I did and see if everything truly mattered.  Like I stated earlier, a lot of it didn't, but the experience was definitely worth it.Overall, “Gone Home” is a very good game to those that welcome the idea of house exploration.  There will probably be people that see this game as a waste of time, but this game can be refreshing to an open mind.  There is definitely no other game like this on the market, so I would recommend giving it a shot if what I've said interests you at all.  Even though the ending is unsatisfying, the experience is worth it.  You may even say it's worth writing home about."
76561198007490854,Not Recommended,232430,11325064,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,tylerxkj,It's a house simulator game with linear exploration and no puzzles.
,Recommended,232430,7857031,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,1 Hit Guy,Made it home safely
,Recommended,232430,8190608,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,look over there ==>,"This is one of the rare games that transcends the ""good"" category and lands in ""important."" To reveal much about the plot, storytelling mechanisms, or anything else would do a disservice to the player, so I'll just say this: it's not what you expect - in many good ways, and maybe a few bad ways. But if you're like me, this game will stick with you long after you're finished playing."
,Recommended,232430,8328095,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,jacoblucky13,"A great story, and a great showcase of how video games can be used to communicate story"
,Recommended,232430,8337538,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Jarmer,Awesome game. Loved it.
,Recommended,232430,8346599,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Robosquirrel,"Don't read anything about this game, just play it.  Headphones are a must for this game, speakers won't do it justice.  That's it, buy and go play!"
,Recommended,232430,8373826,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Phone,Amazing game.
,Recommended,232430,8390526,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Krow; the Inanimate Carbon Rod,"Wow. Bought it because of the ""Game of the Year"" nomination and I was blown away. Probably the best narritive-game I've ever seen, and I've seen a lot. Don't buy it if you want any sort of action, buy it if you want to experience a story. Other than that, anything else will spoil the plot. Get it on sale!!"
76561198085096712,Recommended,232430,8408080,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ToastySofa,One of the greatest games I have ever played.
,Recommended,232430,8418440,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SecretiveSquid,"So...Gone Home. Definitely a difficult experience to describe. Its a very, very short experience clocking in at around 2 hours if you read and interact with everything in that house. You go from room to room in this house, trying to find the key items out of the many that exist in a room that will result in Sam, your sister in the game, reading an entry from her journal. That doesn't sound like a great experience on paper, but there are so many items you find that tell a story about the history and innerworkings of this family that really bring them to life as living, breathing characters with their own motivations and struggles.Pros:A great story whose strength lies in unique methods of characterizationThe detailed environments and sound design really convey a great sense of atmoshphere (man that game can be creepy at times)Cons:Its short (about 2 hours, but movies can be shorter than that so hey)It definitely not a game that has a lot replayable (once you find and read everything, which you pretty much do in one sitting, there isn't much else)There were a few weird glitches in terms of how items interacted or how you interacted with them that broke immersion."
,Recommended,232430,8420338,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Sidotsy,"Game wise, it's not really worth $20, more like $6 to $10. But if you want to support a good storyteller/game designer, I'd pay the full price. The story is well done, the detail is perfect and very 90s, and the voice work is very good.The game is as short as you want it to be and you can easily rush around collecting all the story-bits, or you can relax and enjoy being immersed in the world for several hours.The narrative is very much like Dear Esther, so if you enjoyed that you might like this."
,Recommended,232430,8424121,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,MichaelHeuvel,"A game? Well.. more like an Experience! Gone Home is a great time spender and one that gives you some emotional baggage to deal with. Gone Home takes you on a discovery through a abandoned house, your house! Where are Mom and Dad? Where is you Little Sister? Step by step you will discover the secrets that lay hidden in your house. Keeps you interested untill.. the suprising conclusion. If you've played say, Dear Esther then just buy and play this! You'll love it!"
,Recommended,232430,8436750,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Whilyam,"Simply an amazing game. Not so much a game as it is a story told through a game. You can interact with almost all the items in the house and use these items to figure out what happened to your in-game family. Truly an immersive experience with a wonderful attention to detail. It is amazing how well-thought out the game is. You can follow a progression of events, what your mom did and whether or not your dad found out, etc. This is a story about all the characters and it is brilliant. Get this.Post-review note: This game's story is somewhat ham-handed, particularly at the end, but it's nice to see a story like this come to a happy ending, and I think that's what the creators were going for.Verdict:For lovers of the narrative game: Get this game on any sale greater than 25%For those who don't tend to enjoy narrative games: any sale greater than 75%"
76561198025120208,Recommended,232430,8450375,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,fersotj,"For a game purely story driven, it is a bit short, but the short experience is incredibly fun. I would not suggest purchasing the game for the full price of $15 because the maybe 2 hours of playtime you'll get out of the game, even if you check every pen and binder, aren't worth that. However, if quality is the basis of a review, I would definitely recommend ""gone home"". The story is touching, intriguing, and the pace decent. You may have to pay attention to minor clues to fully comprehend what is happening (I almost missed about half of the story). I'd liken it to Stanley Parable with less replay value and less repetition, but that is just a comparison in the most awkward way. If you think you might like it, you probably will. I paid $10 during a sale and I think it was worth it."
,Recommended,232430,10794464,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ChristianL,Just buy it. Just... buy it.
76561198002098627,Recommended,232430,10816753,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,GameVoid,"I am sure by now that you know that this is really not so much a game as an interactive story. All you do is go through the house collecting items, listening to journals, and snooping into your family's stuff. Sounds simple, but by doing all the things I just said you uncover many interesting things that help you piece together what is going on with the family and why your sister has gone away.No guns. No violence. You occasionally get to listen to some cool punk music. No bugs. No glitches. Just an interesting story that you discover on your own, a story of love, loss, heartbreak, and more. Honestly, I shed a tear, a couple of times. It is a small game but it is such a well made small game that it feels much bigger."
,Recommended,232430,10852685,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mercury,"It's on the better side of good, and can be REALLY creepy but nothing legitimately haunting happens.It's also really sad so if you're really empathetic, grab some tissues ; _ ;"
76561198035293275,Not Recommended,232430,10852756,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,*****,"Dull, dull, dull.  I guess I am too old to feel at all uplifted by the ending.  Instead, my thought is, ""Well, that'll never work out.""  If I actually *was* the main character, I'd be pretty annoyed at my family for leaving trash all over our house, and that NO ONE could just put a note and some keys in the entrance way.  I wish I could get back the short amount of time I wasted on this game and use it to watch, I don't know, Tavis Smiley or something."
,Recommended,232430,10858967,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Chester Desmond,"Not a game, an experience, similar to Dear Esther and the like. It may not be your thing, but it was mine, and i loved it."
76561198013490228,Recommended,232430,10895693,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Marc Madness,"Wow!!  What can I say about this game?  I amazingly made it this long without the game being spoiled.  I couldn't wait any longer and the game just happened to be the perfect price on the Steam Summer Sale.  It took me about 3 hours to complete the game.  I probably won't ever play the game again.  The game is brilliantly written but the writing relies on the player not knowing what will happen next.  I was filled with so much anticipation, curiosity, excitement, fear, and hope as I played.  I don't think I would feel those emotions on a second playthrough as I now know the outcome of the game.I don't know if the game is worth $20 (or even $10).  But for the price I paid, it was a memorable gaming and life experience that I will cherish."
,Recommended,232430,11211217,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,The Fat Bastid,"I liked this game but there are a few caveats.You pick up items and look at them. You will be reading a lot of notes and things. Listen to music and some logs. That is it.This game is about the characters who inhabit a regular world in the year 1995 and their story arcs. Nothing more, Nothing less.Since the game's subject matter is about being in highschool in the mid '90s, I found the story very relateable and authentic to the experience. I can see younger or older people not relating as well and end up disconnected from the subject matter.Normal price is about $20 which is pretty rough for 2 hours of gameplay. Wait for a sale.However, I did replay it 3 times, finding new things each time. First run, then with commentary, then with a non-gamer friend. It works well as a gateway game due to relateable subject matter and easy gameplay.I like how it took its horror trappings and eventually upends them with a nice real world touch. It uses your normal expectations of creepy gaming against itself. The dark rooms, running for the light switch, etc...Would I want every game to be exploration with no combat, no puzzles, no managament? No, but this is a nice break from the norm.One review of bioshock infinite said ""it would be a lot better without the tacked on, dull, combat"", well, I guess Gone Home finally answers that."
,Recommended,232430,8353281,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Lostways,"I would recommend this to people who grew up during the 90s and who enjoy exploration story. It's a love letter to the 90's, growing up and exploring love , and finding filmair things turn up side down. It's about the hidden truths and truths that bloom from hiding. It's got the most errie feeling to the whole game until it the story stitches itself then suddenly things that seem like it is at first glace isnt what you orginally thought it was..... It's hard to write a review without spoilers!it's one of thoses where you take your time and find and poke at things and slowly the story come and the sense of hope and sadness and the title of the game really hits you ...... however, I feel that paying the full price isn't worth it because of it's short time the story is one of a kind though. i'm still thinking about it after a few days... Hope this helps :)"
76561198022639328,Recommended,232430,8583922,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Ravenhold IV,Excellent. A story well told. It may be short but it is a love story I would highly recomend to someone who takes storyline any day. I just wish I could learn what happened to the pirate captain.
,Recommended,232430,8548423,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,WardWeaver,"I've just completed this game and I feel like I've just read a book that I don't want to end. I'm going to go and reflect on the story for a while now.  I know this game will stay with me for quite some time and will have a special place in my mind, heart and soul."
76561197970513257,Recommended,232430,8566226,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,RaifeVesra,"Not so much a game, as an interactive story, but amazing nonetheless."
76561197998585223,Recommended,232430,8585872,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Vegantichrist,"Amazing. Great atmosphere, excellent story."
76561197970571029,Recommended,232430,8615873,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Grey,AHH! Stupid games and their making me feel emotions!
,Recommended,232430,8654690,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,A$AP M1TCH,"Short, Sweet and Suspenseful.A must pick up for anyone who enjoys exploration and story."
76561197998785443,Recommended,232430,9165144,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,ihasadragon,Nice little story. Been playing too much Penumbra and Amnesia lately.. kept expecting something around the corner. Luckily there wasn't anything. Finished the game in about 2 hours.
76561197974055758,Recommended,232430,9449289,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Puschel the Squirrel,"A great experience!...but only if you don't expect fast paced gameplay with tons of different mechanics.It's a simple Adventure-like game.You can walk, pick up and look at things. You can open doors and turn the light on and off..... thats it.And it's great.While you search your way through the mansion of your family unfold a beautiful (but short!) story. I don't want to spoil anything, so i'm just gonna say, that the developers tackled a kinda heavy theme for this medium and handled it very well.Also, this game is full of little '90s references, and even though I'm not from the US, I could also feel the nostalgia.Maybe 20$ is too much for some of you, but if you're interested in a game with focus on ambiance und character-story, you might want to get it on sale!"
,Recommended,232430,7924015,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,oBi. Beatnik,This makes my most memorable games list. It's a really well executed take on narrative games with the emphasis on exploration and discovery to find all the pieces of the story.The story and pacing is really good and really draws you in and fuels your need to explore more so that you can learn the next part of the story. I was a big fan of the story but won't say anything so that I don't spoil it but it's definitely a game I recommend!
76561197965269898,Recommended,232430,9833942,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Sorn Everhate,"This is a sweet story. The progression is quite linear, but it let me feel good. For the one that can play through a story instead that through an adventure."
76561198135907712,Not Recommended,232430,10043733,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,claire.harley1,Its rubbish
,Recommended,232430,10235197,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,jamie_holyer,"'Gone Home' is really something. I actually had no idea what I was in for but I had heard good things. It's a bit of a marmite game - your gonna love it or hate it (personally I loved it). I spent an evening engrossed and had an emotional connection in a game I hadn't experienced before. Definitely get it while it's  cheap as it's only a couple of hours long but also don't miss out on it. Play with an open mind, let yourself be immersed and you may just be surprised how this game affects you."
76561198082373820,Recommended,232430,10237059,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,cmh175,"This is a great game. It's not your traditional massive shoot em up, or horror survivor, but an interactive short story with great visuals. It's also very nostalgic, being set in 1995, with records and tape decks everything (this I wasn't aware of going in). The game has just enough gameplay and story to be immersive and interesting without being dragged out. My play through was a single two hour sitting, and I didn't miss or skip anything. There are puzzles to solve and clues to find, but nothing too difficult you'll spend hours working on, but still feel worth it and rewarding."
76561198088677366,Recommended,232430,10443379,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,[Headhitters] Jenna!,Emotional. Personal. Genius 10/10
,Recommended,232430,10454457,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,knibbers,OMG... This game was lame. I was hoping for a little scary mystery.. It was a lame♥♥♥♥♥teeny bopper love story.. SNOOZE!
,Recommended,232430,8561196,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,ironcladfolly,"A beautiful, haunting game with an immersive story."
,Recommended,232430,8581203,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Osarusan,"The story in this game... wow! Just awesome. It wasn't at all what I expected, and the story changed a lot as I played it, but I loved every moment of it. My suggestion: don't read anything about this game. Just play it and enjoy where it goes -- like the first time you ever played Myst, before you could go online and look for spoilers."
76561198110483386,Recommended,232430,13907997,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,TarjaS,"This is a game for people who like going around exploring, taking their time, looking into every closet, drawer and box to see if there's something there to add to the story. It's not for everybody, but I liked Dear Esther and Serena, so this was my kind of game. I liked the story, but the ending falls a bit flat. Also, there were parts in the story that could have been expanded.I got the game from a sale and I recommend you do the same. The full price is too much considering the length of the game."
76561197965936691,Recommended,232430,9741721,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Butt Sexxington,"Absolutely amazing.  To anyone who thinks video games can't be art, this is absolute living proof that it is.  I feel one of the most important things this game does is to never break your immersion, there's no cutscenes to pull you out of the game world.  If you give it even a modicum of a chance you'll be absolutely enthralled.  The story ISN'T the most original in the world, but the delivery of it is unparalelled.    Nearly every story has been told before, but some of them are worth hearing again."
,Not Recommended,232430,10834471,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Sarasala,"Gone Home is a two to three hour game that has you returning from an overseas trip. As you navigate the late 80's / early 90's scape, you find that something has happened while you were away. Through exploring your suburban home, you find notes left by your sister as she reflects upon her rather typical teenage life. And that is the premise of Gone Home in a nutshell.The reason I do not recommend this game is because I found the story to be rather cliche, the gameplay terribly basic, and not at all challenging. It would be one thing if there was something interesting to discover, but ultimately I cannot take Gone Home seriously, nor will I herald it as a unique and inspiring experience. I won't spoil anything, but the ending is completely predictable, and for me personally, not really that enjoyable. Because the game focuses on a single narrative with little depth, you will only be playing through Gone Home once. Perhaps, eventually you may feel the urge to return to see if you missed something, but chances are you won't bother.As a child of the 90's, I understand the nostalgia of record players, cassette tapes, and life without decent internet. However, that hardly makes Gone Home a more fulfilling experience. No doubt the game is well polished in terms of graphics and design--the home seems real enough, and the detail on the objects is fantastic. But is it worth the price? Absolutely not.I will end this review with a grain of salt. I am somewhat bitter about paying a full $20 for a game I was rather excited for. If this game is on sale, maybe it'll be worth it for you. This game has gotten many rave reviews, and I have read some of them, and disagree entirely with their points. This game may invoke a sense of nostalgia, but maybe you should visit an antique shop, or your attic instead?"
76561198098724395,Not Recommended,232430,10822039,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,bubblez2687,"I love exploring in games. I was born in the 80s and grew up in the 90s. Honestly, the most interesting thing for me about an apocolypse scenario would be exploring people's houses and seeing the things they left behind. Because of all of that, I was sure this would be the game for me.The Positives:Creepy game. The sounds constantly had me turning around to make sure there was nothing behind meRemembering the 90s tech was pretty funGreat musicSimple controlsThe sister's story is interestingThe Negatives:The graphics kinda suck, for a realistic gameThere's a lot of filler. Repetitive items, and very few things matter at allIf you moved fast you could easily complete the game in an hour - hour and a halfOther than the sister's story, nothing else is really going onYou feel like the story is kind of leading up to something, I found the ending was disappointing.All in all I think they had a cool concept, but didn't put nearly enough work into it. They could have expanded on the mom and dad's stories. They could have made more items that matter. It could have been replayable, exploring the history of the house and the people who died in it. They give you tastes of interesting stories but you never get to explore them further. It's too bad, could have been a great game.I honestly wouldn't recommend buying this for more than $2. It's like reading a crappy book, too much filler and the ending isn't worth it. Save your money for something better."
76561197996946209,Recommended,232430,10780357,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,StrayTanooki,"The most refreshing and affecting experience I have had in games for a long time. Thoroughly engaging while rejecting all the usual expectations.I grew up in the mid-nineties, during which the game is set, so many of the cultural references resonated with me strongly--as did many details of the characters' lives. I don't want to be more specific. You should play this, regardless of your life experience, especially if you've ever given some thought to life as you've grown a little older."
,Recommended,232430,8540331,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Whopula,"I just finished this and, in the end, I have mixed feelings about this interesting game. As person who is driven and thoroughly enjoys the narrative of a story and/or game. I really enjoyed this. It was a very nice change of pace to alot of games out there right now, and a definite through back to the point n' click adventures. The objects in house built on the story, and they tied me to the story that much more.I can tell you I knew nothing of this game. I know it won a few awards, and that was it. So I hunkered down, and spent most of the game in a state of curiousity coupled with that sense of impending dread that is almost instinctual now because of most games. I waiting for the Poe'esc plot twist hinted upon throughout the game to be fully realized but it was never truly explored. That, sort of disappointed me.I don't think I can recommend this game at a $20 price point. I don't think the value for money is there in terms of playtime. At the $10 mark, I would say it would be a good pick up. $15, you have to weigh how much narrative and story drive your purchasing decision for a game.Was an interesting game with a good story.  A welcome break from everything else in the world to play."
,Recommended,232430,9182930,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,sfn,It's good.
,Recommended,232430,9238090,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,CubicVirtuoso,"Excellent game, now I see why everyone said it was the best game of 2013.  It was a refreshing tale, don't want to ruin it too much, but certainly surprised me at the end.  A good surprise.  I liked being an investigator, piecing together the story with the game holding my hand the whole way.  You're never truely alone either, with the extremely suttle ghost of Uncle Masan floating around -- in a guiding way."
76561197978289980,Recommended,232430,9283044,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Amer,"Walking simulator, took about 1h to complete....♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and not worth the money"
,Recommended,232430,9309793,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,honeytrapping,"I spent the first hour expecting a jump scare, but what I found was something else entirely. I look for really awesome story-telling in games that allows the player to become attached to the characters - this game is a clear representation that we've come a long way in gaming from saving a princess from a barrel-chucking monkey (or two lines and a dot if you wanna go back that far). Gone Home tells an emotional story that many of us - regardless of sexuality - have experienced in high school and moving into a new neighborhood. Absolutely beautiful."
,Recommended,232430,9704936,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Coznesster Smiff,"I liked it. Obviously there wasn't really much to do in terms of gameplay but you have to realise that Gone Home isn't really a game. The story was engaging and I geniunely wanted to know what happened to Sam.All in all, it was a nice little game with a moving story."
,Not Recommended,232430,8611878,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,TPlaricBlaST,"--= So what's the fuss about?????=--Recommend Rating: 2/5Good: Inventive gameplay, very atmospheric, good soundtrack and sound effectBad:  story isn't that good, way too expensive//SPOILER ALERT// I WILL TELL YOU WHY I THINK THE STORY ISN'T INTERESTINGPlaying this game is like an attempt of new video game storytelling. Although it sounds cool, but the story isn't cool at all. Maybe because I'm not American. I do not feel intimate about the narrative. From the beginning it was quite obvious that the protagonist and her sister are in a sort of binary opposition. While the player is more of a socially-acceptable person, her sister has a lot of traits of marginal people in school, family and society. This is why I don't like this game. It is to tag lesbian, unsporty, hard-rock hipsters with ""marginal people."" Although it is quite true, the story is like a soap drama on how marginal people cares about something that socially-normal people wouldn't understand. It is like the oldest topic in YA movie. I don't understand what the fuss is about on the story.Other than that, the devs put lots of effor on illustrating the family members' struggle. You can get the information by interacting with the stuffs in the house, which is quite a good new way of storytelling. Overall it gives you a vague sadness. You know that the family is not happy, but they are struggling to be. It reminds me a lot about the movie American Beauty. It is a story of American urban depression."
76561197980136917,Recommended,232430,28786310,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DarkChocobo,""" Home is where the heart is..""+ Decent voice acting+ Good build up+ Atmospheric- Unsatisfying ending- Identifty Crisis of a game. Horror or camp fire stories?I enjoyed the story telling mechanics of Gone Home and for what its worth was done quite well. But the ending led to just more questions. The development team wasn't sure if they wanted to produce a horror game, point and click or walking simulator. If you can catch it for $5 bucks or less, its still a decent game for the story telling mechanic alone. But the story itself is passable. This somewhat sounds contradictory but trust.3/5"
,Recommended,232430,8899354,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Crag,"I haven't finished the game yet but I would highly recommend this game for the unique experience it gives. From fear to shock to curiosity, not many games have produced something like this before. Its all about telling a story through interacting with it's environment, something only a video game can do, and this game does it well. Just don't expect to be hand held through it or lots of action. BUY!"
76561198030334811,Recommended,232430,8892740,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Wagrid,"Gone Home is a genuinely beautiful game. I could talk about the wonderful storytelling, atmosphere, exploration and music. Like I said, they are all wonderful. But I wouldn't have anything to say that other people haven't said better.You need to play this game if you have any appreciation for interactive storytelling. If you don't appreciate interactive storytelling, then play Gone Home, because it will give you that experience. I know I'm repeating myself a lot in such a short review, but this really is a truly beautiful game.EDIT: I just replayed Gone Home. It is perfect."
,Recommended,232430,8852482,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Phazorknight,"Revised and full review.Mentioned several times during 2013’s Game of the Year award, this indie-title tries a different approach to storytelling than most games.In Gone Home, you play a family member that enters the home returning from a longer trip. Things have happened while you were gone. You discover what exactly by exploring the house and picking up various items that are scattered in the rooms. Every time you do, you learn something about your family or yourself, like puzzle pieces slowly coming together.Wandering through the house worked extremely well for me as my curiosity took over. It feels almost like reading a forbidden diary. That being said, this game does not feature a lot of other typical game mechanics: There are no puzzles, no challenges - except searching and picking up stuff - that is practically the only game mechanic. Gone Home’s main focus clearly lies on telling the player a story and using the game environment as a tool to do so - and that works excellent. It is an example that interactive media can offer mature and sensitive entertainment and does not have to feature traditional game mechanics to be an immersive experience.But with the games nature come a few things to take into consideration:I found that I best enjoyed and comprehended the story while finishing the game in one sitting, basically instead of watching a movie.This also tells you that the game is not very long: As there is hardly any challenge you can basically walk through the game, and once you know the story, thats it. As the asking price for the game is around 20,- US$, you feel like you don’t get your moneys worth. If it would cost as much as a movie ticket, it would be fairer in my opinion, as it offers around the same value of entertainment. The overall length, the overall theme and the lack of typical challenge based mechanics also means that Gone Home is a very approachable game for people who usually don’t play games or don’t see their appeal. Taking this into account Gone Home offers an excellent stepping stone into interactive entertainment for people who never thought games could be interesting to them."
76561197973804734,Recommended,232430,8893467,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,ian,"A fantastic game/story... it kept me right on the edge of my seat. Completely brilliant.Some people complain that it isn't a game - there's a degree of truth in that (although on a philosophical level many of today's most popular ""games"" have more in common with a hamster-wheel than a game).I thought the voice acting was very good, maybe excellent. There was enough extraneous stuff to rummage through that there was some (albeit small) sense of effort on progressing the story. There were one or two surprises - at least in that the story could have gone in a couple very different directions, and a small number of somewhat-developed sub-plots.In the end, I thought it was a really lovely way to tell a story.(I cracked through it in about an hour and a half. It felt like much longer in that I was completely immersed for that period)."
,Recommended,232430,9672695,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,t1nKing,"Some will love it, others will ask “what’s the point?”. Me - I loved it. Great story driven narrative and strong atmosphere. The subtly told tale fits well into the 90's time period (featuring plenty of L7 style punk) that doesn’t stray into cliché territory which is well done given the subject and genre. Basically it’s a first person exploration game in which the story unfolds as you move around the environment, your family’s home, investigating objects and scenes.I really enjoyed this indie, but it's not recommended for those expecting your more typical gaming experience - you're not going to get your puzzle, gun or action fix here! Given the short game length you might want to wait for Steam sales.Either way it's recommended - so turn down the lights, put on your headphones and enjoy."
,Recommended,232430,10068413,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Icyphoenix,"Lesbihonest here, your the sister of a♥♥♥♥♥♥who falls in love with another degenerate democrat girl. Eventualy you will learn of satanic worship happening in the house.Then your sister runs off...."
76561198147061519,Recommended,232430,13245546,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Charlify,"I would recommend playing through this game to anyone, it has a nicely developed story line - short (took me 1hr 40mins although I missed a few things), and humorous. It's one of those games that you play between the hardcore ones you're constantly on. It's refreshing."
,Recommended,232430,13234210,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,dragonbrand,Nice little game. Not very challenging. The story carries it along.
,Recommended,232430,21039386,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,One More Tom,"Still one of my favorite games of all time. Not every game has to be skyrim, friends."
,Recommended,232430,24791320,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Darth Vaper,"Is it just me, or is the music forGone Homeeerily similar, if not identical to the David Fincher movieGone Girl??Coincidence??I think not!!Gone Homeis a heavily narrative driven walking simulator. The entire game takes place in one evening in one house. The gameplay consists of standard ""walking simulator"" fare (walking, interacting with the environment, looking for clues) and listening to audio diaries.While not exactly heavy on the gameplay side, Gone Home's interactiveness (or what little of it Gone Home has, owing to it's linear narrative progression) transforms what might seem like a cutesy but cliched teenage ""coming of age"" story into something that you ""experience"", as much as you would ""experience"" a scavenger hunt.Short but sweet story with many cute quirks and heartfelt beats. 7/10"
,Recommended,232430,8466625,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,popoki,"What can be said about Gone Home without giving too much away?Basically, it's a first-person adventure (""adventure"" in the terms of old point-n-click games like King's Quest or Monkey Island) that for all intents and purposes feels closer tonally and gameplay-wise to modern horror faire like Penumbra or Amnesia than anything else I can think of.  You're set to explore all the nooks and crannies of your family's rather large new home, after coming back from an extensive stay abroad, in the middle of the night and when no one else is home.  That's the whole premise.It may seem like a fairly drab and uninteresting concept of a game but from the moment you begin you're enveloped in a thick robe of atmosphere, and the less I describe things beyond that, the better.  To put it one way, you're going to feel a surprising range of things that will become swayed in ways you wouldn't initially expect as you explore more and more of this house and learn more about your family than most young adults may find comfortable.  But it's okay, because it's a fictional character's family, not yours!  ...plus, it's interesting in a way most game's narratives fail to capture -- in fact, most media I've explerienced has failed to capture -- as you get to know these characters, their stories, their personalities, their trials and their secrets through simply poking around their house.   The experience is unique and fresh, and this strong character writing plus the subtle yet powerful tonal shifts throughout the game make it feel quite unlike anything I've played before, or perhaps watched, or read.  It's NEAT.There are but two complaints I have for this gem of a game; first of all, and the most obvious one, is its rather short length, only a handful of hours even if you absolutely scour every square inch like I personally love to do, and maybe as short as a couple if you're just rushing through and going through the obvious stuff.  The second would be something that's a bit difficult to describe, but basically it feels like, as many interesting things as there are to find and read and listen to, it feels like there could have been *more* -- I feel that there are many stretches of emptiness or rooms/closets/sections altogether that have only one real item of any interest, too many opportunities where extermely interesting little tidbits could have been hidden in especially hard-to-find places for the truly scrutinous.. it just seems, well, not quite 'barebones' by any means but a bit.. less-flowing a cornucopia of NEAT LITTLE THINGS as I feel it could *easily* have been for some of us.  But at the same time, once you've finished this game, it may make sense, in some ways, that things weren't as.. saturated as they could have been?  Either way, I feel it's a valid point to bring up, if only perhaps as a grasp to justify my own good two hours or so of wastefully exploring every teensy weensy corner, move around every single object in the 3D-held-item-view mode looking for clues that weren't there or looking down every single roll of toilet paper's hole in hopes of finding some kind of mystical bauble from some fantasy world as if I were playing a game that Gone Home, decidedly, is not.What Gone Home is, however, is a wonderful experience that, despite its brevity, is absolutely worth your time.  So, like, get it n' stuff."
76561198003067576,Recommended,232430,8160916,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Maggot9,"Amazing.  A completely unique experience, unlike anything I've played before."
76561198080983898,Recommended,232430,8386774,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Corn Bread!,"I loved this game. You essentially play a snoop on the private lives of some fictional characters.Great story, and very memorable characters. More games need to follow this formula.My only knock against it was it duration. I completed it in a little over 2 hours, and I explored EVERYTHING."
76561198020778418,Recommended,232430,8420347,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Self Esteem Medic,"The game is pretty accurate, it doens't stop raining in Oregon."
,Recommended,232430,1150960,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Sleeper,Good.
,Recommended,232430,1113108,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Do The Watusi,"I'll fess up here, I have a serious thing for environmental storytelling. The little pieces of fluff and scene setting I find in RPGs and FPS games fill me with glee and I stop to read them all.So when I discovered someone had made a game that was entirely that? I was delighted.I went in with high expectations and it did not dissapoint - this is the best one of this genre I've seen yet. There is so much attention to detail but none of it feels overdone or artificial - the vibe is perfect. I'm hoping very much this succeeds and we get to see more like this from these devs :)."
76561197973052125,Recommended,232430,7463441,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Lord Dyran,It's impressive how much story this game tells without you ever meeting another character.
76561198010941205,Not Recommended,232430,14558070,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Snooze,"After reading a lot of good reviews for this game, I thought I'd give it a shot. An hour later I realize how stupid I have been. Boring game, crappy storyline and NOT worth the price."
76561198076586372,Recommended,232430,12399822,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,A Cloudy Sheep,"Gone Home is not so much a game, as a way ofstory telling. It weaves together superb stories and characters with a narration/(""gameplay"") that works remarkably well, fells natural and is simply well done. Therefore thumbs up: Buy this game if (and only if) you are into exploring well written stories, and do not mind lack of traditional game elements.As acaveat, prospective buyers should be aware that this game will likely take around 2 hours to complete and has little replay value. If you think 20 quid is too much for that, I would recommend waiting for a sale.As a further recommendation, I suggest considering to turn off the audio diary in the settings. What this does is play pieces of an audio diary when you discover related pieces. The diary provides much more explicit information than the items alone, and therefore considerably reduce the amount of own deduction you need to unpuzzle this story line. Personally I found it useful and engaging, but if you want to be a bit more hardcore you might want to disable it."
,Recommended,232430,8618881,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,freyjaFX,"It's no wonder that so many people/rags are talking about this.Rather than regurgitate what so many reviewers have said, I'lljust succinctly say...No, it's not (IMHO) a ""game"" in the most traditional sense, it'san exploration shared between you and the character (in game yoursister) Sam. As you explore the house, you share in her selfdiscovery and perhaps get a chance to explore some inner discoveryas well.The story is beautifully done and the ""game"" very well executed.It's (again IMHO) well worth the small cost($$) and I think, bigreward when you reach the end; hell, I'd almost offer a money backguarantee - that's how much *I* enjoyed it!And supporting this little gaming company and giving them a financialbase to develop more new content doesn't suck either - do it!!"
,Recommended,232430,7460718,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,guttermanek,Loved this game. Very creepy and intriguing.
,Recommended,232430,7478122,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Mookie,"If you don't buy this, expect it me to gift it to you. It won't blow your mind, but it might just leave you with a few tears in your eyes, as it did to me."
,Recommended,232430,195781,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,KingSchiebi,"Finished it after 2 hours and I have to admit that it is an interesting interactive narration. A bit short for the steep price of 17 €, but very strong in making you feel uncomfortable. However, it did not make me feel uncomfortable in the role of someone coming home, but instead of a complete stranger who digs through the personal history of the entire place.To be frank, as with Dear Esther, I have a really hard time to even classify this remotely as a game. It essentially boils down to a fairly mindless ""walk forward and be bombarded by exposition"" experience. While the presented story is captivating, I would have like to see this realized in a way that involves the player more and presents some actual challenges.For what it is, I wouldn't recommend it to a friend at the current price for the scale of content that is offered, even if it hurts me to say that, while having to recognize the excellence of the parts that Fullbright got right."
,Recommended,232430,7620715,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Veliremus,"Gone Home is the kind of game that lasts about two hours real-time, but will probably live on longer in your mind than most other 30-hour games. All you do here is explore the house and learn of what has transpired while you were away on a long trip abroad. You never meet anyone in person, but you get to know all the inhabitants of the house quite well regardless. Gone Home is a beautiful narrative game, very well-written and quite touching. One of the most emotional gaming moments I have experienced in 2013. I highly recommend it. (Tip: make the time to play it through in one sitting!)"
,Recommended,232430,8329231,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,JustinSix,"While its a short game and I finished it rather quickly, I really enjoyed every second I spent with the game. It hit me on an emotional level even though I couldn't relate completely to any of the characters. I would suggest it if you want a well told love story provided in a non-conventional way."
76561198059630913,Recommended,232430,6129530,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Novemeber5th,Fun game set with a really creepy vibe. The story will give you mad feels and the ending will break your heart. Get it on sale though.
76561198063451020,Recommended,232430,8063080,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,[WL] Cyborg Squid GL,"Gone Home is an excellent example of storytelling through gaming. On the surface, it is an adventure game with very light puzzles that are easy to solve. But in actuality the game is merely a device to tell a very touching story. As the story is pretty much the main reason you would play this game, I will refrain from giving any spoilers, or even describe it in detail. Just know that you will not regret playing this game. The only downside is its steep price. While being an excellent game with a great story, it is only 3 hours long - tops. Definitely not worth 20 dollars. If this game was priced at 5 dollars base price, it would be golden.  To conclude, I would highly recommend playing this game, but only if you can get it for 5 dollars or less through a sale."
,Recommended,232430,7818604,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Cecil [QuackQuack],"Beautiful story, but very short (about 3 hours).  I would highly recommend this to anyone when it drops to $10 or less, but not for full price.This game has made me more emotional than any other, with the possible exceptions only of Dishonored and Spec-Ops: The Line; and I think that if you're comparing something to those two works of art, then that shows what kind of quality you can expect from it.Both graphically and aesthetically, Gone home is beautiful.  The textures are high resolution and actually look good, and there are plenty of option for lower end machines like mine.  It has an amazing ambience and great sound design and music (including a brilliant soundtrack by Chris Remo), along with consistantly high quality voice-acting.  The only break from immersion I had was when I found out I couldn't jump.Some may object to the disembodied voice that starts talking when you pick up some items, and there is an option in game to disable those, but it felt completely natural to me.Overall, I would easily recommend this game to anyone, anytime (but not for any price)."
76561198025465647,Recommended,232430,8720565,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,ThatLauraChick,"Thought provoking and awesome. If you weren't alive in the 90s, you likely won't get most of this.  Take it as a history lesson. :)"
,Recommended,232430,102952,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Sankis,Deeply moving game. You won't play anything else like it. Buy this.
,Recommended,232430,7471627,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Elyscape,It's been a long time since something has affected me as much as this game has.  Playing it was a mistake.  I mean that in the best possible way.
,Recommended,232430,10999240,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,VioletAmnesia,"I loved the story of gone home, but it will warn those that dont know that there is very little gaming involed. I think of more as a point & click style adventure game, where you look around, grab some items and go back to the first place to use them. I dont think I would hav got the same investment in the story just watching it, so it is more game than movie but i understand thats theres plenty disagreement out there.Overall it took me 2-3 hours to complete so if you see it on sale for a price youd happliy pay for a dvd, pick it up and give it a go."
76561198048059552,Recommended,232430,12066525,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Snappy the Devil,"Wow. I've read through some reviews on this game, and I'm honestly kinda bummed out. I really like Gone Home.I've noticed one of the biggest complaints against this game is ""no real gameplay"" or ""walking simulator"". Considering the game in question uses the concept of exploration and discovery to drive a personal and growing narrative, I think that these complaints are really unfair.The story is arguably the greatest part of Gone Home. I hear so many people complain that the ending was  ""obvious"" and ""lackluster"", but I was kinda satisfied with it. Even if the ending wasn't exactly a ""grand finale"", it was the progression that was made me want to continue. Even coming across a few stories involving the other members of the family was really neat. You have to read between the lines, in most cases, and a lot of critics seemed to want the story fed to them through a straw.Don't expect much from the ""puzzles"", though. Most, if not all, of the game's enjoyment comes from unraveling a very personal story about youth and ambition. If you buy this game expecting Amnesia, your going to be disappointed."
,Recommended,232430,16784530,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Rainn,"It's difficult to tell why a lot of the best reviews for this game are negative, I think it's mainly because the game is short (1.1 Hrs it took me to complete, and I was distracted) and usually sells for an astronomical $20. Another reason could be that it seems like a horror game and really isn't, a bait and switch in that regard.I paid $2 on sale and was very happy with the game, it put the chills up me and had a enthralling story that I wanted to discover more of and finish as soon as possible. My only wish is that it was longer, since I finished the game before receiving a single card drop.I'm fairly certain I'll replay this game since it's easy to finish in one sitting for a short entertaining experience (Interactive film perhaps?). Grab the game if you catch it on sale, but at $20 I'd steer clear."
76561197971724802,Recommended,232430,10905475,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Pontifex Maximus,"Understand that this is an interactive story, and are probably not for everyone.  The plot of the story itself is neither spooky nor  mindblowing, but it is very touching. Also be at peace with a two hour playthrough."
,Recommended,232430,9164352,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Sandwiches!!!,"Gone Home is a very unique game. The best way to describe it would be those audio logs you find everywhere in Bioshock. Except every journal entry and every item you find here make sense. Instead of ""look at me an exposition audio log machine that contains only one message and abandoned here for no reason!"", you examine ordinary objects in a house. There are several concurrent stories going on in this game that you will need to think about to understand.The game is a must if only to experience passive exposition done right in games. One down side is that it is at most 3 hours long. If you play it again (there's a commentary mode) you can maybe stretch it to 5 hours. 5 hours is a bit pricey for $20. I bought it on sale for $8. That's a more reasonable price for this game I think. Wait for it to come out on Humble bundle or something."
,Not Recommended,232430,29240838,Posted: 13 January,all,WeAreTheCosmos,"So... That was a well written waste of time.- The few voice acted journal entries are good.- All of the cassettes have terrible music.- Most of the movable items are... unnecessary, but are an appreciated emersion device.- The atmosphere is creepy, and you'll be wondering if there are any NPCs to encounter, but eventually, you just end up trying to get it over with."
,Recommended,232430,11789065,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Nerevarine,"Excellent experiment in a new mode of storytelling, A bit clunky, and shorter than I would have liked, but absolutely worth playing. Very unique."
76561198001273577,Not Recommended,232430,14439067,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Greg,boring
,Recommended,232430,10870787,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ケネディ (KNDY),"I purchased ""Gone Home"" after reviewing many positive reviews and  with the game going down in price for the Summer Sale, suffice to say, it was time for me to try this game out.For its price, the game is rather fascinating.  You play a young woman who has come back from Europe and to visit her family who are not there.The game focuses on the younger sister Sam and piecing together what happened while you were gone.The game is not very challenging.  If there was any challenge, it was trying to find locker or file cabinet combinations.  Or secret rooms in a massive house.But aside from finding and discovering things about Sam and the main character's parents, I enjoyed the music and the voice acting.The graphics were good and the game ran smoothly on my PC and Mac with no problems whatsoever.These are the positives, if I had a negative, I would say the game was overhyped and my expectations were set to high.  I'll tell you right now, don't set it to high, don't even read reviews.  This is a game that is subjective to the user, it's a game that can be beaten quickly and there are some lingering questions about the characters that definitely don't give you complete finality.Aside from that, for its price, for its non-banal approach, I give it a positive recommendation.  Not a very high recommendation (more like 82%) but I do recommend this game for casual gamers."
,Recommended,232430,8547301,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Hey_Trevor,"You. Must. Play.It's just...i'm crying, i cant even write anything.One of the best games i've ever played.I'm...grateful.~feels~"
,Recommended,232430,8118309,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,bridge on the river kawaii,"The worst thing I can say about Gone Home is that I wish there were more of it. It tells a story effectively, brings about excellent moments of emotional investment, and leaves plenty of details for players to discover on their own. By the time the end came, I had teared up pretty fierce, but I only wanted more.For best results, go in with no expectations. Discovering the game on its own terms is a joy. Every detail you already know is a stolen moment of revalation. I already had several key points spoiled for me before the game started, and I kinda regret it. On the other hand, I'm not sure I would've bought it if I didn't know generally what it was about. So if you think you might enjoy it based on what you know, by God get it. It's probably gonna be $5 here in the winter sale. I would've been happy dropping twice that.Some people report beating the game in less than an hour. It took me something like two and a half. As long as your take your time and explore the little things, there's plenty to find. You'll enjoy yourself more if you play CSI and read into the placement of objects. Was the butter knife on the floor simply knocked over, or thrown down in anger?Oh, and clear your schedule before you play. Get a free snowy afternoon, make a pot of tea, wrap yourself in a blanket, and play straight through."
,Recommended,232430,8792683,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Klipo89,"The game has a lesbian character, what isn't to love about that?"
,Recommended,232430,2684522,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,A Spooky Dog,"Gone Home is an interactive story where you must piece all of the details together yourself. The main story will be given to you as you explore the house, but there are tons of little details to pick up on for your entire family. It's a beautiful game about love and family.I could talk for hours about why I like this game but all I will say is this: if you can spare the money, go. Buy this, play it, take your time and enjoy it. Unless you're only playing games to shoot people in the face, buy this game."
,Recommended,232430,7358695,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,eva,ur family not very welcoming in this gam about coming home
,Recommended,232430,33286054,Posted: 5 July,all,BGFH,"Gone Home starts out with what seems to be a horror game atmosphere, but turns into something different, but just as good.  I love the attention to detail of every room and object in this game.  You really get a feeling that you know this family by the end of the game, based on everything in this giant house.  I'd really love to play this in VR on my Oculus Rift though."
,Recommended,232430,33292459,Posted: 5 July,all,Nocturnal,"So I just fininished Gone Home and it was alright.Not a masterpiece, not a disasterpiece, just in the middle of the bunch.Definitely a ""walking simulator"", so if you're not a fan of those, stay clear.Story is heartfelt and personal, but lacks the interesting settings of for example Dear Esther.Linux port is pretty poor, but not impossible to get running. Just something to be aware of if you don't want to debug the game to get it running properly."
,Recommended,232430,8638559,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,roseofbattle,"I had heard all the hubbub over Gone Home -- lots of people talking about how it was a very different kind of game that they really enjoyed. When I first began the game, I was partly excited to try it out finally and worried that the massive amounts of hype would ruin my experience. Well, it lived up to my expectations. I'm not ashamed to say that I shed some tears during a few segments of the game. Sam is a very interesting character, as is Lonnie.The game is a bit short, but it didn't overstay its welcome. As much as I would have loved to learn more about Oscar and Sam and Katie's parents (as what I did get to learn made me want to know more), I think it was right to have the content focus on Sam as Gone Home is very much her story."
,Recommended,232430,32284029,Posted: 8 June,all,♞Llamarama♞,"Gone Home is simply a game made to play to tell a story. If you're looking to reminisce in your own past or just the thought of family, this game should have some appeal for you as it brings everything back home. The story may hints at some very strong themes, and when I say that, I mean homosexuality and unfaithful relationships, but overall it maintains an appropriate demeanor. I must say that the story line really creates a sense of belonging while also engaging with the player's emotions. Though I feel like this was meant to be played by an emo teenaged girl, I don't regret playing a single moment of it lol... And not because I am one of which I just described, but because the story was so damn good. I would definitely recommend to all of those looking for an entertaining and engaging story. I also hope it doesn't disappoint as it didn't for me!"
,Recommended,232430,10641743,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Consider Sudoku,Gone Homo is a game where you find out your sister is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Oh and you can beat it in under 2 minutes. Also why the ♥♥♥♥ did that chick have pink hair while in uniform?
,Recommended,232430,9208655,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Prios,"If you've ever wanted to wander through a big ol' house crammed full of people's stories and dig into their lives (and the interactions of each other's lives) by rifling through their scattered stuff like a giant voyuer, this is for you.If that kind of thing ISN'T right up your alley then get the heck away from me, what kind of animal are you, get your filthy eyeballs off my review you gross weird creature, how can you not enjoy that kind of thing it's like somebody who hates fuzzy yellow ducklings.The game's pretty dull if you just play it as ""dur I'm going to poke stuff until I find the red key to fit the red door,"" and unfortunately it starts turning into that kind of game towards the ""main"" story's end--you open some small new areas without that much to look at, plus the blue key to get into the blue doors, YAWN--but you know that's kind of a stupid thing to run towards when you've got a whole family's worth of sensitive material to ogle over.And what's in the safe? Don't forget the safe. You can, in fact, open it if you can figure out how. Consider it a sidequest.(spoiler)Probably my favorite moment was when I found the liquid courage tucked away atop a tall bookcase and I'm all ""wow nice try did you 'hide' this when you were drunk?"" That and your character's reaction to certain items found in and around her parents' bedroom."
,Recommended,232430,16914682,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,QuizTheCannon,"Gone Home was a short mystery/walking simulator game. Honestly, I never played a game like this before and I'm really impressed by the details and design of it all. The ending was a bit lame, but mainly because I expected something a lot more. The game's current price is $19.99 but I say don't buy it unless its on sale. Overall great game, good story, good mystery, but rather short for its price."
76561198010934172,Not Recommended,232430,28755556,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,I just wanna be pure,"I love walking simulators, but this ""game"" if you can call it that, isn't mysterious, it isn't beautiful, it isn't thought provoking, its like reading a book when I clearly wanted to play a video game. You spend your hour walking through a house reading bits of paper. The whole, ""where is everybody"" feeling dissolves after ten minutes. Its clear to me that the devs didn't know where they wanted this game to go. Pretty sure they even quote in the game, ""Jack of all trades, master of none"". Well that is just spot on. This game tries to have a mystery, it tries to have a story, it tries to be eerie at times, it tries to make you feel something for this person going through an every day struggle that is so overused in this day and age, and it just fails at all of them."
,Recommended,232430,7461258,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Woodthorn,"Loved it! Great atmosphere-builder throughout. I would point out to potential buyers that this game might not be as ""gamey"" as is common with the main protion of gameplay revolving around walking through the house, interacting with objects and maybe solve a puzzle or two. I finished the game after about 100 minutes of playing and offer that as a measuring mark for others to decide what this game is worth to them. All in all, a great story."
,Not Recommended,232430,9130477,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,♡ Cthuloops ♡,"The game itself had so much potential, you can't deny it had amazing atmospheric techniques, every corner I turned I was half expecting something to jump out at me, but the game built up so much tension just to end with a commercial love story.**Spoiler**When passing the occult séance addressing Oscar my mind was thinking ""finally, the ending I've been waiting for. They've released a ghost and he's gone on a rampage killing everyone in the house which would explain the house's poor condition"" but no. If you want an atmospheric game, buy Dear Ester and save half your money. Much disappoint."
,Recommended,232430,9092795,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,CaptainBP,"My second favourite game of 2013, and it damn deserves it. Many dislike the interactive story narrative attached to these kind of games, and I didn't have the best of experiences when I originally played Dear Esther. However, I bought this game solely because of the unique gameplay. Sadly, I had the ending spoiled. It was still an emotional rollercoaster, but I hated knowing the end.In terms of a horror game, this game is genius. Yes, I know it's not a horror game but allow me to speak about what I dub ""the fear of the staircase."" No matter how many times you walk a staircase, it still feels eerie to step off into pure bleak darkness. This is your home. You know there are no intruders but you are still scared. Images flash through your mind. You are scared when you have no reason to be. This is the idea that this game plucks so beautifully and plunges you into. You didn't have the familiar staircase. This is a game. For all you know, their could be demented monsters around the corner. You understand it is only a game, and that is what makes it scary.The story is enthralling. It tackles some LGBT issues I have not seen discussed before in the medium of video games. There is a huge lack of gay characters, let alone convincing gay relationships. The genius' at Fullbright have created a fully realised character. Because you never see them, you only hear her voice you build herself up in your mind each audiobook at her time. You see a single picture of her love intrest, and then only hear about her from the perspective of the girl madly in love with her. Hence the genius of this game. You see the issues of homophobia and family destructoin through the eyes of a girl caught in all of it. You do not play as this girl ; You play as her sister. This creates an even more envoking idea, as not only is Kaitlin learning all of this about her sister but so are you. You do not care about Kaitlin as a character, but you share a love and care for her sister. Kaitlin is a incredibly well realised character, and you feel close to her.The gamepaly is perfect. There is very little to speak of, but it twists itself in so well with the story. It intertwines itself in such a fashion that you do not feel like you are playing a game. You are not completing physics puzzles that are distinctly out of place. You are piecing together someones life.I have very few issues with this game, but if I have one plea to the developers it is this: MODDING SUPPORT. Allow people to create their own Greenbriar mansions and Kaitlins. Give people the freedom to tell stories, and let this game overcome it's dissapointingly short playtime."
,Recommended,232430,12123411,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Synga (PC died),More like***Spoiler***Gone Homo
76561198097323476,Recommended,232430,31351648,Posted: 24 April,all,Melder_Scrolls,"Good story.  No replay, IMO.  Get it cheap on sale if possible."
,Not Recommended,232430,20347994,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Taylem,"Not worth the money, unless you can get it for a buck or two. Extremely short, misleading game description- plays more like an afterschool lifetime special than anything else."
76561198039765118,Recommended,232430,20836693,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,collin,"A very different kind of game. Not long at all, but if it were any longer, I dont think the concept would hold up.I think this is the sort of game that is best approached without any sort of advanced knowledge or expectations- so if this happens to be the first review you read, go ahead and stop here. Ask yourself if you like mysteries and games/stories that build up slowly. If the answer is yes, and you feel the current price for the game is resonable for an experiance that will take you around 2-3 hours to finish (with ZERO replayability) then go ahead and buy it.I enjoyed this game, not knowing at all what it was when I started playing it, and I think you might too- it was... Different."
,Not Recommended,232430,20535960,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Johnny KaBoom,"I'm all for atmospheric walking simulators, but this fell flat.  Maybe I'm too old and jaded for the young love story, and the red herrings were easy to spot, but overall it's just not an experience I would reccomend."
,Not Recommended,232430,19858085,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,KingRiddler,"The game is short, I mean really short.At first the game was creepy but it just seemed to be a hipster attempt at explaining a love story. There is not much to explore and you soon realise that the game does not culminate in a great ending. By the end you are left wondering, did I really pay money for this?If you want to play something for the sake of playing something, then go ahead and get this game. Otherwise, you will not miss out on anything by not getting this game."
,Recommended,232430,20137064,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,KAWAIIMASTER( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"For an appropriate audience this game would be good though some may say gone home has a shallow story, bad gameplay, not worth your money,etc. For me it was actually a really fun experience, and a change from all the games that constantly demands you to play in their pace. Again, i cant recommend this to everybody because it might not be their liking but to a few people i know this will be enjoyable and worth while."
,Recommended,232430,19835444,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,FIONA THE QUEEN,I came here for girl on girl action because I'm a 40 year old creep living under his mom's basement. I didn't exactly get that but it was a cute story.
76561198079209554,Not Recommended,232430,19948821,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Potato,"Lol, steam glitched. It thinks I played this for 336 hours. I wasn't a fan, played it for maybe 30 minutes but it says it's my most played game. Oh well."
76561198027614699,Recommended,232430,20225343,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,NathanGPLC,"Gone Home is one of my favorite games now--it's exactly the right length to make it most enjoyable, atmospheric enough that my first playthrough both frightened and intrigued me before I understood the plot, and heartfelt enough that it feels real."
76561198005068981,Recommended,232430,20718088,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Master_Eeg,"This game was a short but interesting indie experience; if you enjoy games like Dear Esther then this is for you.You won't find the typical violence we are assailed with as gamers in this title. Instead it is a moodier, slower pace that feels more like skimming through a book via a first person view point.You rummage through the belongs of a family in an empty house during a storm piecing together their lives in an almost voyeuristic manner.This game is not for those seeking thrill or adventure but more of an interesting take on what the medium of gaming is capable of – I think it should be encouraged if we want to see the medium mature as a whole and not be dominated by the next COD or Halo game..."
,Recommended,232430,20805488,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,schlagt die Bong,"Oh, it’s so cute, so lovely."
76561198059843340,Not Recommended,232430,20847896,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,frippertronic81,Too short and not too interesting interactive story.
,Not Recommended,232430,19859017,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Enrico Matassa,"It's a great story, not a good game. No replay value.Want to play the game to find out the story?Watch someone play it on YouTube. It'll be $20 cheaper."
76561198042866355,Not Recommended,232430,20153403,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,zen850,"** Mild spoilers **I'm going to be completely unfair and compare this to Ethan Carter. It was the last walking sim I played so it's fresh on my mind and I'm trying to determine why I liked Carter and disliked this. With walking simulators I expect superb storytelling to make up for the lack of gameplay, but I felt both of these games would make terrible books. With Carter you're immersed in the world through breathtaking graphics, open world and a sense something may be lurking around the corner. With Gone Home, after walking into the first bathroom that lacked mirrors, I knew the developer took shortcuts to prevent having to do any character rendering .... Therefore I knew there would be no human interactions and Oscar's ghost wouldn't likely be popping around the corner, which sort of spoiled it for me. I found the ghost story (and house noises) more compelling than the story of a teenager finding herself.The whole take on the 90s was ok. Sort of felt like I was playing it on my 90s PC as well. A bit too many useless objects to pick up (pens, pencils?!). The Riot grrrrl tapes were a nice addition. I'd probably be more likely to give this a thumbs up if it were ported as a more casual $2.99 mobile app."
76561198090082035,Not Recommended,232430,20234351,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Kathryn,"Not going to lie, this game is pretty average.The way the story unfolds is more of a detective looking for clues rather than a big sister worried about her missing little sis. The story itself is not bad but a bit pretensious and overly done.For the full price of £14.99 this game is a rip off, it took me 1.4 hours to complete and that was looking in every nook and cranny picking up everything I could find (The ""Puzzles"" are super simple and I kept expecting to find hidden things) and even at sale price (£4.49) its still pretty expensive for less than two hours of relative boredom.I dont mean to sound harsh but it leaves a lot to be desired."
76561198081972143,Not Recommended,232430,20302353,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,jmt_blue1,"This ""game"" was the biggest disappointment I have experienced throughout over 2 decades of gaming .  I read several reviews about this game that praised it and gave it a 9.5/10 or even perfect 10 rating.   This ""game"" (if you can consider it a game) consist of walking around a large empty house and clicking on things.  While you walk around you are told little stories about the lead characters childhood.  At some point you realize the story is about the lead character being a lesbian and her coming to terms with that fact.  People... this does not make for a very fun game.  Shame on the reviewers who mislead me into believing that this game was going to be ""epic"".  Do not waste your time.  How this game did so well with professional reviewers is a mystery to me."
,Not Recommended,232430,20363038,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,GuitarGod76,The story couldve gone so many ways and the choose the worst one. a near 3 hour story that entertains you and keeps you on the edge of your seat for 2 hours and 59 min. and then the endgin is revealed and its to late to get your money back.
76561198159302495,Recommended,232430,20543681,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,ianmiller30,Hunting for Uncle Oscar.#creephuntingacreep10/10
,Recommended,232430,20782625,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Significant❗🌀,"Disclaimer: This review is opinion based and has been made due to playing the game on my YouTube Channel and is also aimed at other ""Let's Players"". I will also include a rating to whether this game is easy for recording!Hello everyone!My name is SynificHD and I am a YouTuber who uploads many gameplay content, such as this game.This review will show my thoughts and opinions towards the game, also including a link to the game for you guys to check out and hopefully enjoy; and give you an insight of the game!A Gone Home Review:Description:The game ""Gone Home"" is a first-person walking simulator, where you play as a girl named Kaitlin Greenbrair, who arrives home from a holiday trip, only to find out that no-one is home; the house is deserted and you are to solve the mystery to why the house is empty.The game is ""Narrator based"", where you find diary entries that belong to your sister Samantha Greenbrair, as you explore around the house you eventually uncover strange events that eventually lead up to a dramatic ending.Personal Opinion:""Gone Home"" is a very 'emotional' game that requires you to sit through a lot of dialogue to understand what is happening in the household. As a walking simulator it features many basic concepts but the story does take a rather sharp turn towards the end that makes you rethink everything you have been told. This game would best suit people who are open minded to most situations and interests - ""I hope I worded that correctly...""TL;DRI recommend this game to people who enjoy basic walking simulators that are narrator based which features minimal puzzles, and involves sitting through a lot of dialogue.Easy For Recording?At the time, recording was an issue and like ive mentioned in another review of mine this would be easier to record now. I would give this a 7-8/10 being that its a game full of lots of dialogue which makes editing more of an issue having an unnecessarily long video.Gameplay Here for Reference ►https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7v_DQV6RW0"
,Not Recommended,232430,20793807,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Myrmidon,"Very few games have ever disappointed me as much a Gone Home did. After reading all the critic reviews of how amazing this game is and the interesting description for the game, I had fairly high expectations. The description for the game leads you to believe there will be an interesting mystery as you arrive at your home and no one is there. I really expected a game where I would be at the edge of my seat trying to figure out the answers to the mysteries of the game all the way up to the very end. This obviously didn't happen. In the first 10 minutes of the game, things are quiet interesting. Trying to figure out where everyone is and why no one is home keeps you in the mystery of the game for a little bit. However, after searching the house and progressing in the story, Gone Home quickly becomes less and less interesting. Not only does it become increasingly annoying to move around the house, because your character is incredibly slow (I swear she is part snail), but not even half way through the game you will figure out the entire mystery.[Spoilers below](Once again, spoilers) Really, the mystery isn't hard at all the figure out and once you do, you will be disappointed. The big GIANT reveal is that your sister is just a rebellious teen that has run off with her lover. After about the half way mark of the game, once I figured it out, I kept thinking this can't be it. This cannot be the amazing mystery critics raved about. I was wrong. It was the entire mystery. Even as a story on it's own, it's nothing unique. Almost every single teenage that has ever lived has gone through a rebellious stage. Many run away just like the main character's sister. It happens, it's nothing new or intriguing and it is especially not something worthy of making a mystery game over. If the story was to realistically progress, I guarantee that the main character's sister would be back home going to school. She may still dream of what could have happened, but it was a stage. She will grow out of it. In the story, she talks like she is special and that she truly has found her true love and what she plans to do for the rest of her life. However, this is exactly how all teens in the rebellious stage feel. This part of her story isn't special or unique. After her hormones balance out, things would change. It's a cycle of life.My expectations were crushed by this uninteresting and easy to figure out mystery game. Gone Home: The Snail Simulator is one of the few games that I am ashamed to have in my steam library."
76561197971893106,Not Recommended,232430,20815172,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Stealth-XS,"Seriously, how is this 'game' so highly rated. Even if you don't class it as a game it is still awful. You get more of a story out of an agony aunt column..."
76561197985007263,Not Recommended,232430,20275133,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Maxwell,"1.4 hours on record. Beat the game. Got to the end and thought...""really?"""
76561198048360615,Not Recommended,232430,20650734,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,TheGameIs0n,"After one year away from her family, Kaitlin Greenbriar arrives from her European trip only to find her home empty with no signs of her sister and parents. It's up to the player, then, to figure out what is going on, by exploring the house, interacting with objects, and unlocking letters from Kaitlin's sister.With so many positive reviews, especially from the big ones, I was expecting a very good game with a decent gameplay at least and an excellent story. The truth is that I was very disappointed as there is no gameplay other than looking things around (without the need of actually think or any challenge) and the story, even though it's a touching and emotional one, doesn't have that much content.I only can recommend to buy this game on a very good steam sale, but you can find better games than this one with challenging puzzles and more complex narratives."
,Not Recommended,232430,20656457,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Leander (Llama),"Before anything I feel like I should say that this was tagged as horror and I dowloaded with the intent to play a horror game. Had I known that is had NOTHING to do with the horror genre I would not have gone through the process of putting money in the pockets of the developers. So, I am biased.SPOILERS!Great setup for a horror game, but it turned out to be an interractive tale about a girl that discovered she is homosexual. Great dissapointment. In a game a mediocre story is usually accompanied with great gameplay that compensates for the lack of interest that the story might have or the other way around. This had neither a great gameplay, nor a compelling story. I imagine it must feel great to come out as gay and I can see how the LGBT community would praise it for its story, but it seriously is not compeling.What happens in the game pretty much is that you are the older sister of a teenage little brat who left the house and you are trying to find ""wut is up"", since nobody is at home, cause mommy is ♥♥♥♥ing some other dude and daddy... who the ♥♥♥♥ cares about daddy. Daddy is too absorbed in his book.  and there is this storm that makes the whole experience kinda spooky. GG. WP.The whole thing takes place in the spookiest of all the houses, there is heavy rain falling all around the place and the thick forest that surounds your house gives you that feeling of isolations right off the start. Great setup for a horror game.Even some mechanics and a lot of elements of the game make it  suspensful, for example having to turn on the lights, and the red paint on one of the letters was it? (it's been a long time since I finnished it)SO starting the game, I was expecting just that. A good old traditional horror game, setup in a spooky house, but all i got was some gay♥♥♥♥♥♥ I am not bashing on gay people. I would love it if her character was gay AF, but just don't expect me to invest in a character that her only traits are that she likes punk and women. I can relate, but I don't care.In terms of the gameplay, it is fantastic! with a variety of different styles to play, new strategies to explore, finding the right choice of actions when you are in a tight situation! <---- This is what I would say for games like, Total War franchise, Bioshock Franchise, Half life franchise, Outlast, Amnesia, Tetris, Pokemon franchise, Rubiks Cude, Lego, Playmobil, a can of coca cola... Not this game though... this game is just you going around picking pieces of paper that tell you what happened to you little sis.Dissapointed..."
76561198079256210,Not Recommended,232430,19960966,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,repeatuntilend,"About me: i am the intended audience for this game ... im a 80s-90s kid and i am very open minded ... i dont mind if there is no action if there is a story that i can connect with...About the game:love between teen girls isn't deep...The 90s environment is fun and well made, but this isn't worth the money... go look at 90s photos on google for free nostalgia...The game is way overpriced, way too overhyped.Unfortunately, I bought it when there was no charge back... after I completed the game, I spent hours to find out how I could get my money back... I couldn't. it still sits in my library and I get always angry when I see it....."
76561198170249755,Recommended,232430,20208374,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,pepc72,"I enjoyed it a lot. This game is what it is, slow of pace, heavily influenced by the Riot Grrrl movement of the 90's,  it tells a good story. Recommended for open-minded people, particularly those who are somewhat nostalgic about the early 90's. I had already read spoilers, and still liked how the game unfolded, will play again"
,Not Recommended,232430,20410477,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,KCG.YSlivka,"Just don't buy this game. If you want to waste 2/3/4h just get wasted and play d2/lfd2/tf2. 0.99$ is best price for this game, Claim game, but disappointed as half-life 3 *jk*. Rly. if you MUST play it, watch letsplay. It's hasn't even one interesting minute of gameplay."
76561198043162654,Recommended,232430,20534490,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Toricon,ow my heart
,Recommended,232430,506017,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Slot,"Not worth 18 bucks. Not bad, but not 18 bucks good."
76561198030617705,Recommended,232430,7835462,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Emperor Xunks,GOD DAAAAAAAMN!!!!!
,Not Recommended,232430,8494925,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,🐾Slayth Shichiroji,"This game had great potential.  You're supposed to immerse yourself completely, look at every little detail, as if going through a house you deserted for years, and came back and everything is supposed to bring back a memory.  The problem is, it's just too short.  I completed it within an hour, and once you finish the story, it's hard to go back and try and explore and look / listen to more things.I only got this for a dollar, and honestly I feel as if it wasen't worth that even."
,Recommended,232430,9893636,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Meta4,"I hate to be the lone voice of dissent, but I found Gone Home to be a thoroughly enjoyable experience.  My wife and I played the game together and spent a couple hours working our way through the story.  Although the writing isn't exactly Pulitzer-quality, it was sufficiently engaging and it threw us for a couple loops.I thought the creators did an excellent job of creating a believable universe that drew players into an environment totally devoid of direct interaction with other characters.  Despite never seeing another character in person, you get to know the protagonist's immediate family in a believable and intimate manner.  A great deal of focus is placed on the protagonist's younger sister, Sam, who felt like a very real young woman fighting her way through her angsty teenage years.If you don't mind a game that is light on gameplay and heavy on story, Gone Home is worth a look."
76561198003420249,Recommended,232430,9900495,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Handy,"Great narrative game, very evocative. I don't want to delve to deeply into the specifics, as I don't want to ruin any of it. Suffice to say, the game is all plot and I mean that in a very positive way. The design and sound/music are superb, as is the voice acting.... I'm struggling to write more without giving the game away. Just play it. Very good."
,Recommended,232430,9897982,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,saul,"Gone Home is a nice environmental storytelling experiment. Is good and entertaining, even it doesn't reach the ""masterpiece"" category some people is claiming for it in the nets.I see mainly two reasons preventing it from becoming a reference for me:1. You are taken out of your ""mood"" too often due to the constant voice overs. It's obvious someone wanted to ensure ""you understand"" the, rather previsible, ending. V.O.s weren't really needed and every time I heard one, I was forced to stop my own exploration. Sorry, I can't read and hear two different things at the same time.2. The game is built around very few core mechanics, which is good, but they are not properly exploited, and that's really not good. Why allowing to rotate the objects you grab? There is no usability for it, at all. Would have been nice to get some clues on the back of an object, and justify the whole ""grab an object and rotate it at your will"" system a bit better. After half an hour doing it, it shows completely useless, so you stop doing it, for good.I was expecting a bit more, due to the hype I've seen around, but even I might be a bit disappointed, I don't regret spending 1.5 hours in this  game, looking for clues of what happened. Was interesting while it last."
76561198028465102,Recommended,232430,9905882,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,BigRyneStones,One of my favorite games from 2013! A must play.
,Recommended,232430,9889555,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,iRajiv,"One of my favourite games of all time. Tells a great narrative story with light adventuring around an old house. That's all I say, the less you know going in the better the story will play out."
,Recommended,232430,9876496,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Sicsided,"I didn't expect I'd become so engrossed in this when I first started it up. The narrative and how it unfolds while creepy in retrospect, is very interesting and makes sense giving the nature of what has happened. There is a message here and somewhat forced but it makes sense for the story. Sucks to be vague about this but if you are looking for an story with meat to it and presented in an interactive way, this is it."
,Recommended,232430,10195316,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Eternal sun tan Jim Carey,"Gone Home made me feel things.  Remember feelings?  I had to sit in silence for a while after finishing this ""game"".  Gonna go play bf4 so i don't feel no more."
,Recommended,232430,10193676,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,AmbientSidewalk,"What an excellent, atmospheric game.  Incredible story.  I can't recommend enough."
,Recommended,232430,9885171,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Jimahl,What a great game! It really shows the potential of storytelling in a video game. I really hope to see more along the lines of this game in the future. Some of it is a bit rough around the edges but there's such great incentive here.
,Recommended,232430,8358667,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,jinyx,"Short, sweet, great atmosphere, and nostalgic.  One of my personal favorites of the year.  Recommended for anyone who doesn't mind a fun little interactive story, just don't go into it thinking you'll be doing much as there is no violence, bloodshed etc.  It's just a fun little mystery that takes place in the mid-90's.Game only takes about 2-3 hours to finish, so it's perfect for anyone who doesn't have alot of time to game."
,Recommended,232430,8391309,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,calyps,"It's short, so definitely get it on sale. I see people trashing it for being what it is, but for what it is, I think it was done very well. Honestly I can't think how to recommend this without spoiling it, so I'll just say, I really enjoyed it and it expanded my emotional awareness in some ways and helped me see things from another person's perspective. That's worth the cover price alone. But get it on sale, just in case it doesn't have that effect on you."
,Recommended,232430,8420055,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,spydersvenom,"To bash on my peers (although they would never consider themselves ""reduced"" to that), Gone Home is not the greatest video game love story ever told.  You shouldn't be surprised to see yourself in this game if you were ever: a teen, older than 12 but younger than 25 in the mid 90s, in or closely knew someone else in a minority group (or all three).  Having said that, this is a game for those who appreciate the gaming medium as a method of storytelling and not much else.  It's not bad, and frankly the only thing not fresh about the title is the yarn it spins, but it's not for everyone.  I played this game on a cold evening with the wind howling outside my window and nothing to warm me but a blanket and a glass of red wine.  Under these circumstances - and the fact that I was heavily invested in the story and the way this developer unfolds it - Gone Home touched me.  I like when a game sparks an emotional response, even if it's style isn't all that revolutionary and the story isn't all that unique.  It's excused on the simple fact that this title as a whole is effective.  Forget the talk of how long (or rather short) it is and the nagging about whether or not it's ""a video game"", neither is relevant if your experience mirrors mine.  In marketing we refer to the intangible enjoyment of the user in return for money as a value propostion and I can promise you that this game has it, regardless of the pacing or how long it takes you to complete it.  If every indie title had this degree of polish and care given to it, not only would we have far fewer titles on the market but the term indie would surely become more than a niche genre or label.  I don't do scores, but highly recommended provided the caveat that this is a title about unwinding a story through slow pacing, personal experiences, and exploration."
,Recommended,232430,12575795,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,MrNinjaSquirrel,"Gone Home is an emphatic example of a developer showcasing how games as a medium can be more than they are often perceived or designed to be.Not because it's mechanics are superb, simple and clumsy as they are. Nor because it crafts a grand and extensive world, instead content to set itself entirely within a normal home somewhere during the mid 90's. It's noteworthy almost for the fact that it's so ordinary and simplistic, intended not as an epic adventure, an adrenaline pumping blockbuster, or a deep and intricate journey to build up your character before the final battle.Gone Home is merely the story of a family, flawed and broken in places but held together by an intrinsic bond they're unable or unwilling to break, and thus are forced to come to terms with their own internal issues or watch as their world begins to fall apart around them.In this you are little more than an onlooker; an intruder even. Rifling through drawers, reading through letters and diaries; looking in places people aren't supposed to be looking and the private affairs contained within. It creates an almost uncomfortable intimacy between you and these characters, who despite being nothing but fictional creations feel very real and relatable.And that is where Gone Home's ""boring"" premise proves its brilliance. In creating such an unremarkable setting it presents itself with an opportunity to tell a story that feels almost biographical, centering largely around a teenage girl on a personal journey of self discovery as she makes her way through adolescences with a familiar naivety and passion. It's a narrative that exists almost more for discussion and contemplation than simply a piece of fiction to be taken in and then discarded like so much other enjoyable yet shallow entertainment we absorb, nuanced and deeply personal and demanding of further dissection and analysis than I'm likely capable of providing.And not everyone is going to appreciate it for what it is, writing it off as ""not a game"", overhyped, and no doubt ""pretentious"" and ""preachy"", and that's fine. Gone Home isn't a game designed for the larger gaming audience; the people who would rather play an online match with some friends or ponder over stat choices than spend time discussing a narrative that's so close to home (pun not intended) and fulled by larger societal issues and contexts.Gone Home is here as more of an example that games have the ability to exist as more than a bundle of flashy mechanics and visuals; that they can inspire topics of debate and interest beyond their immediate selves as a more thoughtful voice amid so much noise. I hope its not the only one I'll be hearing in the future."
,Recommended,232430,8991329,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,DovahKim,"I absolutely loved every second of this game.That being said, it was hard for me to recommend this game, as I understand it is not for everyone. It isn't as much of a game as it is an interactive narrative, playing with the medium by using incredibly simple gameplay to force the player to focus on the story.If you're looking for a great horror/adventure game, your in the wrong place. The game manages to stay unsettling and eerie throughout, but you are not going to find any cheap thrills here or scares here. All of the ghosts are metaphorical.I had no idea what to expect from Gone Home, and I was pleasantly surprised. The game isn't meant to be sped through—it is meant to be an experience. That said, it is a VERY short game. Even if you search every nook and cranny, I can't imagine the game would take you more than a few hours.Again, this game isn't for everyone. It isn't long, it doesn't feature any insane twists, but it makes you work for the story. While not incredibly in-depth, it is amazing how the story is able to unfold by forcing us to piece together clues. I would absolutely recommend this to anyone with some patience who is looking for something different. It isn't your typical video game, but it is definitely worth the time."
,Recommended,232430,14677007,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,LadyDustBunny,"I stayed away from all spoilers before playing and this game was pretty interesting. It definitely set in a really creepy guide and many times I was expecting a ghost or something to pop out. As the story progressed, I started to get an idea of what was going on and also expected something horrible to be revealed. The build up was great and the ending was totally satisfying. Definitely gives you something to think about."
,Not Recommended,232430,31618660,Posted: 7 May,all,agriba,"This isnt a game.This is a quick hour or two of story telling.  The medium may be a video game, but honestly it should not be considered as such.  It's subtle and doesnt try to be anything too grand, and at the end of the day it just makes me say, ""Is that it?""The only thing to talk about here is the story, as that is all there is.  It doesnt feel like great story.  Thats the short of it.  It is small, character driven (which is fine), but the inevitable question I kept coming back to is: So?  There is no point to this story.  The set up is fine but it never ammounts to anything.  This is the definition of bland.I appreciate creators trying to explore new mediums and explore story telling, but this game comes to a horrible cross road of bland and over priced.I would pay a dollar for this story.  It feels like something written in a creative arts class in college.  It's a solid A+ assignment no doubt, but that doesnt equate to being fit for publication to the masses.More 'games' of this style in the future would be great, but this is not the one to launch the genre by any means.  It is worth the time it takes to play but not the price.  If you have it for free or incredibly cheap give it a go, but beyond that don't bother."
76561198115122259,Not Recommended,232430,25379635,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,nathfuzz,meh.
,Not Recommended,232430,25482197,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,SkullRadar,"Great story, but I beat it in just under two hours. $20 is way too ♥♥♥♥ing much to ask for a game you beat in a couple hours. I've taken ♥♥♥♥♥ that lasted longer than this game, and those ♥♥♥♥♥ didn't cost me a dime. Get it on sale for cheap, or watch a playthough of it on YouTube."
,Recommended,232430,10434574,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,•SADBOY•,"Awww this was so sweet. Charming little story with a semi creepy setting... empty house with thunderstorms outside. It was very short but as you go through the house theres so much to pick up and look at. its very detailed. The music is brilliant, i could feel the love. Do buy 10/10"
76561197976279580,Recommended,232430,10454917,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,EricTheCavalier,"It's less of a game than it is an interactive multimedia story. That said, it's beautiflly done -- I was hooked from start to finish."
,Recommended,232430,7910059,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,snivelak,"When I finished Gone Home, I was, initially, massively underwhelmed. So as to avoid spoilers, I can't tell you specifically why, but in hindsight it's come over me that this feeling was not only entirely my own fault, but part of the game's message. The nature of games as a medium to provide cheap thrills and fireworks has taught us to expect the unreal; something far removed from our own lives. Characters in games are largely abstracted silhouettic stereotypes, and even when they aren't, you're hard-pressed to find one that isn't involved with killing, or some kind of supernatural phenomena. People in real life don't shoot aliens, or open time portals. They don't even cook blue meth. Real people ask other people to watch their scotch. They have conflicts with their parents. They question their life and sexuality then get a driver's license. That Gone Home is this first breakthrough game to tell an unashamedly human story is both a tragic and monumental thing for gaming.In ten years, recent innovative games like Journey, Shadow of the Colossus, The Last of Us, Dear Esther, Bioshock and The Stanley Parable will be commemorated for their demonstration that games can truly be an artistic and meaningful medium. All of these games are absolutely fantastic, but Gone Home will be standing in its own league. It doesn't simply provide meaningful commentary in an innovative way, it does so without gimmick, without abstraction from the really real human condition. Gone Home won't tear out your heart with a twist, it won't horrify you with some hidden monster, nor will it tease gaming conventions by breaking the fourth wall. But it will sure as hell make you feel something for some expertly crafted characters who exist within the context of the really real world, in a way that's never been done before. This is the most important game of 2013."
,Recommended,232430,3198483,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,WineCannon,"You can finish the game in under 4 hours easily, but so long as you're into story more than action, you'll love every minute of uncovering it. Wait for it to go on sale if you're unsure but definitely play this at some point. The less you know about it going in, the better."
,Recommended,232430,30377742,Posted: 7 March,all,NONMOOD,"There are so many little stories in this game, some told through little more than an unplugged TV.Brilliantly evocative of adolescent idealism and the small stories that betray immense depth."
,Not Recommended,232430,30459701,Posted: 11 March,all,quasimoto,"Jogo curto demais para o preço, mesmo eu tendo comprado em alguma promoção por 5 reais. Levei 2h para chegar nos créditos, mesmo explorando todo o ambiente com calma.Sobre a história, ela tem um plot interessante, mas, creio que pelo jogo ser curto, ela acabou sendo mal desenvolvida e com um final previsível. Fico pensando se o jogo fez sucesso pelo momento em que foi lançado, em meio à propagação da aceitação da comunidade LGBT.O jogo teve alguns momentos aleatórios onde houve uma redução no framerate, mas poucos.Se ele fosse mais longo, seria ideal, mas foi uma boa experiência. Não recomendo comprar o jogo, pois há jogos de exploração melhores no mercado. Mesmo se houver desconto em promoção."
,Not Recommended,232430,14533316,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Arrakisdef,"This wasn't really a game.  The story is barely interesting.  You can interact with almost every drawer/object, but it does nothing.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone."
76561198032792131,Not Recommended,232430,14397525,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,crungerdmd,Do not recommend at any price.
,Not Recommended,232430,14500074,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,IntrepidSon,This game is NOT so much about mystery and clue-solving as it is about guiding players into experiencing 2 gay girls secret love.   I was disappointed that at the end of the game you still don't know where anyone is for certain.
,Not Recommended,232430,8029793,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,GaiusBertus,"As much as I would like to recommend this game, I simply cannot at this price. While I appreciate an exploring ""game"" like this (I loved Dear Esther) and the game's environment itself is interesting enough with lots of little details, in the end the story just didn't do it for me. Perhaps my expectations were just too high after all the rave reviews on the web. I was expecting to be moved and challenged on a philosophical level. Instead I was served a set of angsty love stories and small suburban drama's. Which have already been done much more satisfying by other media (American Beauty comes to mind).So in the end, Gone Home has it's charming moments, but is not near the masterpiece other (professional) reviewers say this to be. Wait for it when it's 75% off or skip it."
,Recommended,232430,25048414,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,nikomedes,"Gone Home is a warm coming-of-age story told in a point-and-click adventure style. Full of rich characterization and honest heart, it's a compelling story to play through, and one which I'm sure other LGBTQ+ gamers will find just as touching as I did. Absolutely recommend it to any player, but especially young LGBTQ+ people looking for drama that, for once, doesn't linger on suffering."
,Recommended,232430,25310245,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ferdican,"A very nice & emotionally touching game. Suitable for those wanting to explore a mansion and uncover the mystery of the family inside it, and open-minded enough to tolerate what they'll find. In addition, the game successfully conveys the socio cultural (as well as decorational) atmosphere of 90s. Those bothered by different-than-ordinary human emotions and wanting a lenghty puzzle or horror game should stay away from this.Only downside the game has is its frustrating shortness leaving you wanting more...In short, the game is strongly recommended."
76561198036183179,Recommended,232430,25217131,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,TechnoMistress,"If you're looking for a game where all you do is mindlessly hack or shoot things, then Gone Home is not the game for you.  If you're looking to be immersed in a rich story, while trying to solve the mystery of where your family has gone, then Gone Home is definitely worth a try.I played this on a beautiful day, with sunlight streaming through the window, and I found myself nervous walking into some of the rooms because I was so immersed in the story and the storm outside the house I was exploring."
,Not Recommended,232430,11080032,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Itrocan,"$20, you'd think you're getting a lengthy detective game putting together clues as to what is going on.  Instead you get a hour or two walkathon where ""clues"" involve clicking one of a couple items in a room to be given a spectral voice beyond the house outright saying what was occurring days/weeks ago, and I don't mean as a ghost, I mean some artibrary trinket in the house must have had a diary page scratched into the surface to be able to infer what it means.Stories are either about the plot or characters.  This game's plot is insignificant, like a story about how you lost your keys 354 days ago but then noticed you were holding them.  However many characters the story is trying to detail, all but one of them are shallow and forgettable before the game ends.  The exceptioned character is shallow also, but left so many interesting leads ignored combined with the let down of an ending, the character is not forgettable but is memorably bad instead.  It's about the depth of character that a 6 page children's picture book contains.Save yourself one cent, watch a youtube LP if you must, it will cover 100% of the entire game."
,Recommended,232430,12433470,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,elman,"Rather then a game, it's more of an interactive story, you play as a girl that came back home after a year of traveling and she find that her family's house is empty (sound like the start of a horror game but it's not), then you pretty much walk around the house to unravel the reason behind the empty house and what heppend in the year you weren't there.it's a 100% about story telling while exploring, the story is not epic and unforgettable but the method of geting pieces of the story by exploring the environment has never been executed that well before (atleast i haven't seen it done that well before), i actually felt that the people in the story really live in that house and that i see a part of their life.overall i had fun playing it and i enjoyed the way the story was told, i recommand it for 5$ or less mainly because like i said it's not really a game and also it's very short (2-4 hours for normal gameplay), buy it if you want to experiance story telling from a new perspective."
,Not Recommended,232430,16496694,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Leonardo Da Sidci,"Even on a decent system, running the game on Medium gave me massive frame rate drops, which wasn't particularly pleasant, considering that there isn't much going on in this game besides the level design and the narration.The combination of the narrative and level design make for a somewhat interesting experience, giving us, the players, an insight into the direction that games can go when it comes to evolving what narratives can work in games.The game is short, which is completely acceptable given this particular story. It ended when it should have ended, just as the point in time when the playters attention begines to dwindle.Gone Home is interesting. Is it a worthwhile purchase? No. As a game for the sake of entertainment, paying for this game may make users feel sour unless bought in a sale. As a game for the sake of academia, this is a worthwhile piece of game development that can be studied."
,Not Recommended,232430,16773263,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,FaeRaven,Much too short. Completed in one evening. Not scary. Female protagonist is a plus.
76561198079602090,Not Recommended,232430,16567047,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Chronic Crystal,"Though the attention to detail and visuals are pretty stunning, the entire setting is inside of a house. Exploring room to room, you uncover scraps of paper and audio journals that reveal a rather brief storyline. There just doesnt seem much of a point to this ""game""."
,Not Recommended,232430,16686787,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,JimmyFresshh,"That was it?  I did enjoy exploring the huge house and searching for clues etc, but disappointed.  Not worth the full price."
76561198012390122,Not Recommended,232430,16461349,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Fateweaver,A short story/game that aside from being very linear is good. Only concern is the non-sale price of this game doesn't justify the 1.5 to 2 hours of gameplay that you actually get. Get it while it's cheap or give it a miss. 5/10.
,Not Recommended,232430,16462873,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Fresh Pimp Juice,It's not really a game. It's more of an indoor interactive environment that you could walkthrough.
,Not Recommended,232430,16569235,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Swizard,"Due to the nature of the subject of the story, hardly any review will give you a straight answer as to what this 'game' is. It's a mediocre story, told in a poorly programmed, yet slightly interesting way.It sets itself up that you think you'll find most out by the objects you discover, but eventually, 90% of the story is directly told to you by automated voice over events. For a very low price, it's worth it, but be warned, the duration (and you'll see EVERYTHING) is less then an hour."
76561198057536574,Not Recommended,232430,16571017,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Azure,Watch a video playthrough online and save yourself $5
76561197993371557,Not Recommended,232430,16872169,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,JohnnnyRngo,I feel cheated.  I rate this game  a 1 on a scale of 1 to 10.  Very disappointing.  Bait and switch.  Not what you would expect.  It is a gay teen story.
,Not Recommended,232430,16897821,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Ali Kharazi,"I had never heard so many mixed reviews about a game as I did with Gone Home. The game still looked interesting however, and knowing that it could be completed in a couple of hours, I waited for a sale and got the game for around $2. Well I'll get straight to the point. The game markets itself as a great big mystery. You come home, and your parents and sister are not there. Surely there will be some deep reasoning behind this... WRONG. Your parents areaway on their anniversary vacationand your sisterran away with her girlfriendwhich you can EASILY guess within 30 minutes of playing the game. Other than that the game tries to make you think there is some significance to the former owner of the house,(which is your father's uncle who went crazy and may or may not have committed suicide)however there really isn't any. Also, this game has horrible optimization. You can look at screenshots to see this game is by no means winning any awards in the graphics department, yet my PC which can run pretty much any modern AAA game at High to Max Settings at 1080p and 60fps, gets framerate drops to 40 fps!Bottom Line: If you were expecting a dark mystery with puzzles to solve that will lead you to the whereabouts of your family, then prepare to be disappointed. Instead be ready to walk around a house and read notes. If you still want to pick this game up, wait for a big sale."
,Not Recommended,232430,16488972,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Rogue Stave,"Horrible excuse for a ""game"", it barely qualifies as one and the worst part is that the overrated and awful narrative oversold by gaming ""journalists"" of dubious moral assets, seems to insists it's ""amazing"" or ""groundbreaking"".There is nothing ""groundbreaking"" about this garbage, the story is awful and the script is even worse, filled with 90's nostalgia pandering and a senseless love story that competes with soap operas.Don't bother with this filth, if you wanna play a narrative-driven game that can be called at least competent, try Dear Esther or Anna, and stop feeding these kinds of talentless hacks of ""indie devs"", put your ♥♥♥♥ing money where your mouth is, goddammit."
76561198186874007,Not Recommended,232430,16588816,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Stummpi,I felt like I had to force myself to finish the game thank god i got it on sale and got a refund too because I would had been really mad if I dropped 20$ on a game that took me 2 hours to beat its like you knew where the story was going before you beat it but I kept playing becuase I thought well maybe it gets better later on but nope it dosent I wish I could ask for my 2 hours of life back...
,Not Recommended,232430,16472395,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Pie,"SPOILER FREE REVIEW:Even £1.79 was too much. I agree with the other negative reviews and wish I'd paid more attention to them before buying this. Watch a Let's Play on Youtube, it will be no different to you playing the game yourself.Semi-spoiler to avoid disappointment: Don't be tricked by the screenshots and video - they imply it's a mysterious, dark, macabre storyline. It's not. At all."
76561197979112157,Not Recommended,232430,16474219,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,alienthrylos,"20Euros for a game you need 2H to complete. No ghosts, no mystery, no content apart from discovering the where abouts of a girl coming out and running away with her girlfriend. If you choose to buy it, don pay more than 2Euros."
,Not Recommended,232430,16575889,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sarah Bear,"It is way overpriced for a less than an hour long game. All you do is search for clues as to why your sister ranaway.I will say, that at some points, I thought something was going to pop out and frighten me, but no. Truth be told, it's not worth buying."
,Recommended,232430,16957741,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Demon27248,"Pros:+Great Atmosphere+Great Sound Design+Innovative Storytelling & Gameplay+Wonderfully Constructed SettingCons:-$24-lolUnity3dEngineThe critically polarising Gone Home surprised me. I went in expecting averageness yet ended up liking the game a lot. The gameplay revolves around exploring an empty house to discover the whereabouts of your family by interacting with objects, some involving text, with a voice recording occasionally playing as you encounter key story objects, the reason for doing so you'll learn at the end. This is also the method of storytelling in Gone Home & a very original one at that.The story itself isn't that unique though Gone Home does manage to be somewhat unpredictable by [Minor Spoilers] originally leading players to believe the story is about ghosts or paranormal activities [Minor Spoilers End]The game has limited replay value & the asking price of $24 is way too high, though I got it for less than $3 so no complaints from me personally.Definitely give Gone Home a try at some point, it's well worth your time.8/10"
76561198064427349,Recommended,232430,14906467,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,madavis9,"Some will reject this game because of it's subject matter, or it's length, or it's gameplay. I, however, recommend it on all three accounts. I don't want to spoil any of the story, so I won't go into any details. The game is best played with complete lack of knowledge, and in one sitting if you can manage it. I do recommend having an open-mind. If even that statement rubs you the wrong way, then this game may not be for you. I also want to get it out there that the subject matter is treated honestly and tastefully throughout. I would have no problem giving this game to a mature-minded teenager, since the story centers around a 17 year old girl. I think a teenager today could relate to the story every bit as much as an adult. As far as the game's length, I think it's just right. Sure you can play through the game in 1 to 2 hours, but that would be rushing it. I took me 4 hours to fully explore the house in my methodical fashion, and I think there are very few story pieces I missed. The story telling through exploration and discovery is very well done in Gone Home, and I can't recommend it enough. The game's length is just right, in my mind. Any longer, and it risked dragging on. $20 may seem steep for a game of this length, but consider how many times you've spent much more on a game you regretted. To me, it's worth it, and if this game interests you at all, don't hesitate to jump in."
,Not Recommended,232430,18319041,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Hayley,not worth
,Recommended,232430,18363682,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Ash Wednesday,pretty and melancholic. 9/10.
,Recommended,232430,8100987,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Hairbautt,"Gone Home is a first-person adventure game that requires you to explore a vacant house in order to piece together what has happened to your character's family. The game's focus is on the atmosphere and the exploratory narrative. Gone Home feels great, sounds great and looks great, but is frankly priced too high considering the length of gameplay. Still, Gone Home provides an awesome experience and should not be passed up on any future sales."
,Recommended,232430,8837598,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,mom,"The best game I've played in a long time. Gone Home is a perfect example of how gaming can be used as a storytelling medium. It's hard to say much without spoiling the plot, but it's a touching, relatable story that really draws you in. The gameplay is simple enough to not get in the way of the story but interesting enough to keep things interesting. Lastly, the voice acting is far above par, better than I could ever have guessed. I've already personally recommended it to several of my friends and even took time to write a review of it, which should say something. Stop wasting your time reasing this and go buy Gone Home."
76561197969794207,Recommended,232430,8838407,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Mazafakka,Great game!  Just don't look around too hard until you need to!
,Recommended,232430,8841523,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,D e v i,"Not really a game, but good 1-2 h entertaiment anyway (for 2 euros or something). Great for nosy people. :DThe mouse sensitivity and settings were HORRIBLE and took a while to get used to. I got motion sick pretty fast. Use a controller if you can.Much efford was put in the house, nice high quality textures on objects. It's interesting how much you could learn about the family by just looking through their stuff. AND YOU MUST LOOK AT STUFF, otherwise, you wont get what is going on and it's confusing.However, the story about the 2 friends is extremely typical and cliche teenage stuff.. got pretty boring. Oh well, was refreshing to have such characters in a ""game"" anyway."
,Recommended,232430,8848249,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,stoat77,"I came late to this one. While the concept interested me, I just put it off for weeks with other things to do but when it kept popping up on multiple GOTY lists I knew I had to sit down and play it.  So I did - and even then it took me close to an hour before I got really on board with the storyline.  I think the moment that turned me from ""playing it because it's an Important Game"" to ""playing it because I can't wait to see what happens next"" was the glow stars in Sam's bedroom.  That kind of detail was just perfect.I could write essays about this game and how groundbreaking it is, but at core its a small-scale intimate story where you're not even the protagonist.  But playing it is very different from watching a Let's Play and spending time on Arbor Hill is something that everyone who likes stories should do.  Not since Portal I have I played a game that was just so right."
,Recommended,232430,8863772,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,rafael,"Amazing game, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,232430,8826318,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,SirDucKykins,"Absolutely astounding! I loved every minute of it. I  have played quite allot of games in my lifetime and I must say this has to be my favourite. A very interesting and perfect love story with allot of mystery, something I very much enjoy. Even though it wasn't a horror, I still felt the eeriness, loneliness you would feel being alone in such a huge house. The thunder and lightning made me jump and I had no idea what to expect next.I couldn't stop playing."
,Recommended,232430,8829426,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Mercury,"Loved it. This game does what I would like to see more of in every medium. It tells you lots by showing you a little, and it knows how to wield subtlety, and best of all it examines little interesting bits of the human condition--things that can resonate with all of us.All of this is done without explosions or zombies or something chasing you or a ticking clock or quicktime events or any noise like that. It's just a profound and interesting little short story not unlike any other well-written love story, but it's told in this really innovative way that gives me a lot of faith in the idea that games can be used to present thoughtful and artistic narratives and not just the same gritty hero's journey that we see all the time, and that it can make the story into the primary focus, rather than something that's wedged awkwardly into the gaps between combat arenas and puzzles.Thumbs up."
,Recommended,232430,8832626,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,10KStreams,"An unexpectedly pleasant experience.  Very much along the lines of ""Dear Esther.""  No battles to fight, no puzzles to solve, so those who would could argue that it's not a game, but rather an interactive story.  If you're good with that, you're in for something special.  Bros, probably need not apply.8.5/10Run Time: Three hours"
,Recommended,232430,8833138,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Lord_Raken,"My god. This game takes first place for interactive storytelling. The emotional range from horror game like fear, to  genuine humor, to sadness, and then joy, then true fear, and finaly love. The skill with which I was lead through this story was profound. The nuance of the deveopers ability to guid my attention and thoughts is only matched by their respect for my agency as the player.If you have a heart, there will be tears."
76561198000441007,Recommended,232430,8838551,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,supernova433,Was a great experience to play.  Surprisingly emotional and sweet.  Recommened if you want something different and need 2 hours to kill.  Recommened only if you don't mind searching every nook and cranny for things.  It's the ONLY way you'll be able to progress the narriative.
,Recommended,232430,8839620,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Tutty The Fruity,"An engaging explorative title that does a great job at telling a story through interactions with the environment. Ultimately, the game is fairly linear, but you wouldn't know it by how surreal it is to explore the house. Sam's narrative is the major focus, but the environment cues to other threads that leave much to the imagination. It's a really interesting narrative experience I definitely feel is worth experiencing."
,Recommended,232430,8846986,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Luwe,"Short, but charming little game that will keep you glued to your screen. It isn't your typical game where you shoot people in the face or stab them in the gut, but that's just what makes Gone Home so refreshing. Just relax and enjoy the compelling story which is played out to you by investigating objects, reading letters and listening to audio diaries."
76561198096079278,Recommended,232430,16632708,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,FriendFive,"I feel conflicted about this game, but overall, I would recommend it. It was very well executed in terms of the detail of the world and the story, but for as short as it was, I found myself wanting it to be over toward the end. There are virtually no puzzles to solve; the main thing you do is go from room to room picking up personal items, notes, forms, letters, etc. and as you do, you unravel the story. However, after a while, it got tedious, and when I felt like I was making progress toward the story's resolution, I kept finding more--it started to feel like a grind.I can say though, that the voice acting was top notch, and the use of sounds and music did a good job of instilling fear and dread, even though this is NOT a horror game. The game was constantly throwing red herrings at you trying to convince you that it was a horror game and it sort of colored the story for me. I wonder how I would have responded to the story if the game took place on a bright sunshiny day instead of a dark and stormy night.Anyway, at some point in the game I got over the ""blue balls"" of anticipating some jump scare that never came and I found the calculated lightning strikes and thunder peals at opportune moments to be a little annoying. It was definitely an interesting experience, playing this walking simulator, but, as I said, it was short and has no replay value whatsoever, at least for me. In the end I am glad I played it, but it's hard to recommend it whole-heartedly as I can see that it's not for everyone. I commend the developers for trying something different and succeeding on some level."
,Recommended,232430,16723731,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Xander77,"Eh. It was an ok enough way to spend two hours, and the ending got me a bit emotional, but I don't think I would have missed much by youtubing a playthrough.Buy it if it's on sale, I guess?"
,Recommended,232430,10676926,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,physicsmongoose,Suspenseful.  Detailed.  Sweet and tart.  Brings back fond memories from when I was a kid in the nineties.
,Recommended,232430,8351514,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,NickyEnchilada,"Gone Home is much less of what I would call a ""game"" but more of an example of completely immersive interactive storytelling.   Wandering though an empty house, Rumaging through drawers for scraps of paper and consequencely discovering information about Katie's absent family feels very ""just so"". From the little bits of information and the occasional voiced journal from Katie's sister Sam, you get taken on an emotional journey of struggle, love, adolescences, and at the same time an emotional journey of your very own. I don't think this game is for everyone. There are very few puzzles to be solved, no monsters to fight and no achievements to be won. The whole game depends on your personal curiosity to find out about the family, and if you don't have the patience or will to spend hours picking up every darn tissuebox in the house then this game is not for you. But if you do manage to go through it like I did. You find the good in one or two hours spent looking around in the nostalgic 1995 setting the spookyness of walking alone in a dark hallway, some very real characters (especially Katie's sister Sam), and a great love story."
,Recommended,232430,9665645,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Gunseng,"The atmosphere is incredible. Between the thunderstorm, the creaking floorboards, and other sounds that insist somebody else is in there with you, I (accidentally) found myself creeping around every corner, and desperately reaching for every light switch. I thought it was silly starting a game and seeing an option to begin with all lights turned on by default, but a few minutes into it I thought ""yeah....now I see why"". This is good example of how exploration and story can combine to be more than adequate at providing a worthwhile experience."
,Recommended,232430,18662403,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,KingIsaacLinksr,"A Paladin’s Steam Review: Gone Home. A Short Exploration Game That's Not For Everyone.Genre: First Person Exploration Game With Environmental Storytelling.Developed and Published by: The FullBright CompanyPlatform: Windows, Mac and Linux.Business Model: Base Game.Copy Purchased by MyselfPreambleI’ve talked about Gone Home before and I’ll admit that I came down on it pretty hard at the time. Especially in retrospect, as I’ve given other similar games in the genre positive recommendations. As I try to think back on why and reading what I had said at the time, it's not hard to figure out what went wrong. Gone Home had been hyped up to such a ridiculous degree for me that it was destined to fail my expectations. This is something I rarely deal with because I often review games (especially now) long after most reviewers have said their piece. With Gone Home though, I hadn’t returned to reviewing and mostly wrote that review out of frustration. Additionally, I tried to compare this to other games that weren’t even in the same genre and I should know better. I do know better, now. Even after reviewing games for over five years, I still make some silly mistakes. I could just blame this one on that not being an actual official review (which it technically wasn’t) but I still said those words and still made that comparison. That’s why I’m here now, to correct that mistake.Overall Gameplay ThoughtsGone Home is a game entirely about exploring the environment of an old two story mansion in Portland OR and finding pieces to the stories of the people that lived there. You’ve arrived at this mansion in the middle of a storm and are completely alone. There’s an audio log that plays that identifies you as Kaitlyn, returning home from a trip abroad. Outside of that, what you do is up to you. It will, however, subtly encourage you to explore the house. The story is about a typical American middle-class family, that’s slightly dysfunctional, trying to deal with the average pressures of everyday life: highschool, relationships and work obligations. It’s not a setting that we often see in games outside of simulators. While there’s a hint of something supernatural going on (which IS typical of games), it seems to be the wild imagination of teenagers. The story is largely told through environmental objects, written notes and audio logs that play when you find an important item in the house. I’m not going to talk about the story and plot but I will say that while it seems to be a rather stereotypical American story, it’s still a very well told story and there are some interesting quirks. It handles the relationships and people very well, to the point that they sound like regular yet flawed human beings. Even though most of it is done through audio logs.Inside this house, you can choose to go anywhere in the house that you like and either explore every nook and cranny or try to blitz it. There are some locked doors that will block your progress and require you to find the keys for them, but outside of that? You’re free to do whatever you want: open all the doors, pick up pens, notebooks and cassettes and turn on all the lights as it's all fair game. Short of destroying anything that is. A journal and map will record what you find and remind you of what you can do next. Additionally, there are certain key items that will stay with you in your inventory but the rest of the items in the house can only be picked up and looked at in full 360 degrees of glory. The exploration is pretty good and well paced so long as you don’t completely miss important clues. While this wasn’t a horror game, I did find myself tensing up a little bit as I explored the house. Gone Home’s audio quality is superb enough to give that creepy feeling of being alone, no doubt assisted with the storm going on.PC Settings and Rather Demanding PerformanceOptions are a bit more sparse with Gone Home. There’s a good selection of resolution options (though it’ll show the resolutions it detects will work best), fullscreen on/off and a graphics quality selection. The advanced options include antialiasing, V-sync, anisotropic filtering, ambient occlusion, bloom and motion blur that can either be turned on or off. Which doesn’t allow for a lot of flexibility. There’s an adjustable field of slider that has presets every five between 60 and 90. Shadow distance can also be set from none to “max”. There’s five different audio sliders for main, voice, music and sound effects volumes. If you don’t like headbob, that can be disabled as well as training messages, reticle and interaction highlights and text. Controls can be changed for keyboard and mouse (not the controller).The bigger issue with Gone Home is just how much resources it demands. Running it on my system was difficult to get it run at a smooth 60FPS even with many of the graphics options turned off. It wasn’t until I set the graphics quality to low that I got a stable framerate. At that point, the game really doesn't look good so suffering through varying framerates of 30-50fps is probably better than looking at an ugly house. I don’t know why it’s such a resource hog either but it suggests that optimization isn’t as good as it could have been.Gone Home goes for a realistic look into a modern American mansion that’s done a bit of aging but has clearly been well maintained. Most of the items you’ll find range from as old as the 50s to more modern times though it always seems to fit. The soundtrack has an electronic and slightly orchestral sound to it that’s very calm. Almost like elevator music but without the annoying repetitiveness to it. The soundtrack will only play during audio logs, otherwise you’ll be listening to the rain and creaking house instead.Final ThoughtsGone Home has gotten better with age since the rather overhyped release and the deluge of similar titles onto the market. That being said, this isn’t a game for everyone. As with all games in this genre, you have to approach it from a different expectation. It’s purely an exploration game with no failure state and no real tension except for what you make. It’s also really short, especially if you attempt to blitz through it as fast as you can. Understandably, those two things will turn most people away from it and I don’t blame them. I am hesitant to recommend this but if a purely environmental exploration game is something you’re looking for, Gone Home is definitely a title to check out.Read this review and more on A Paladin Without A Crusade"
,Recommended,232430,2002982,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Gangles,"Explore a richly detailed house, as quotidien objects reveal secrets about the people who live there. Pure environmental storytelling at its finest."
,Recommended,232430,8207067,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,lauriejaney,"Gone Home is beautifully written and the attention to detail throughout is wonderful. Don't enter the house expecting action. It's a story; a touching, intriguing and unexpected story that will stay with you long after you've finished playing. You'll probably also find yourself wanting to move into a big old house and maybe go back and time and relive a bit of the 1990s. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,232430,8365053,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,一番キツネ,wow. such emotions. many tears wow
,Recommended,232430,7810129,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Erbkaiser,"Play this game in the dark. It is a thriller with a lot to discover, and a well written story.A good example of how to make a game that makes you feel uneasy without the need for gore or jump scares."
,Recommended,232430,7847904,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,WilliamFlattener,"Stop reading anything about Gone Home. Play it before it is spoiled for you!If you are passionate about games as a valid artform, don't miss out on this thing. It's a major victory for storytelling in the medium."
76561197965928460,Recommended,232430,7858373,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,starwatcher,"In Gone Home you play a girl who returns home from a holiday to an empty house. You then explore the house and find out what has happened to your sister and parents and some other life details. Refreshingly there are no puzzles. Suprisingly immersive, emotive, different, and....short. Recommended."
76561198012273350,Recommended,232430,8298201,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Draden,"I really enjoyed this game.+ Nice story (includes some creepy elements too, which have been vowen into the story with good taste)+ Good atmosphere+ Fitting audiovisual design- The price is too high for a game this short"
76561198043540083,Recommended,232430,8320557,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Snow Ocelot,One of the most emotional stories I played in a long time. Good payoff. Hits home for me.
,Recommended,232430,8409287,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,raddevon,"Satisfies voyeuristic tendencies while telling a great human story. The objects you'll find which reveal the story feel very authentic, if conveniently placed."
76561198113089332,Recommended,232430,7598831,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Sulaco,"If you were a teenager in the 90's, Gone Home is your nostalgic DeLorean, equipped with more story and heart than 90% of the AAA titles out there. A completely original experience with an absolutely stunning sense of place and a story that stays with you long after its conclusion.I Played Gone Home in one sitting, just couldn't put it down.Play this game."
76561197973027454,Recommended,232430,8012309,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Hampig,"Great game with an interesting story. Don't go into this one looking for a horror story or jump scares, it is not that kind of game. This is more about experiencing a story and getting to know it's characters."
,Recommended,232430,8348458,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,jsianes,A great love story told in a magnificent way
,Recommended,232430,8372497,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Conservacrab,"There's a lot of criticism for Gone Home on whether or not it qualifies as a game, but I think that only detracts from actually talking about what it is.Gone Home is more like a short story or novella than a game in an extremely literal sense. It's about letting you walk through a story instead of reading carefully selected words or watching purposely positioned shots. Everything found while exploring has some story element to it; be it answering why the house is empty or why things are still packed in moving boxes.Fullbright meticulously crafted and stationed every object, every light, every sound to carefully influence your emotions and perspectives as you move through the house. I must say, the ride is pretty nice. Gone Home features a large spectrum of emotions: uncertainty, optimism, erieness, melancholia, and even love (I even jumped at one point, ♥♥♥♥ing lights). Better yet, these emotions are conveyed through only sparse narration and player exploration; one of the true successes of Gone Home. No cutscenes or long expositions, your player agency is complete (arguing the game thing again, you could even say it's more a real game than others depending on your definition of a game).The story is simple but characters are rich and complexly constructed in-game. Characters, who never once appear in-game, go through arcs, reveal ambitions, weaknesses, and all conclude well enough by the end. For those diligent enough, even the mysterious uncle gets some closure.But I think that really captures what Gone Home offers: only what you're willing to give it. If you want a quick linear narrative to walk through, maybe Gone Home isn't for your. Looking for a mind-bending story or amazingly well written plot? Once again, Gone Home doesn't really give that too.Instead, what Gone Home offers up is the chance to legitimately experience something different. Something that just oozes with love of craft and an emphasis on the player's curiosity. It rewards those looking for something, those who really take the time to stop and look, the most.Gone Home truly encapsulates a labor of love and willingness to look at interactive entertainment as more than simply fantastical experiences. I recommend this on the same level I do books: that someone will sit down, unravel it, and hopefully enjoy themselves at some point."
76561198232132392,Not Recommended,232430,29540240,Posted: 28 January,all,dannondorf,"The atmosphere is well done. I kept thinking that something bad was going to happen, or that I saw something down the dark hallway peering at me.Unfortunately, all those moments amounted to nothing. At the end of the game you realize that there was never anything to worry about, meaning the experience was just an unnerving walking simulator."
,Recommended,232430,29544042,Posted: 28 January,all,AwSmCreator,"This game wasn't very long but it felt like just the right amount. I had no idea what to expect when I started playing, but I am very happy that I got to play this game. The story is quite good and I really enjoyed the mystery aspect of it as well as the gameplay. You really can't go wrong with this game."
76561198104633976,Not Recommended,232430,30020427,Posted: 18 February,all,roweroweboat,"Do not waste your money.This is not a game, it is a story. Literally nothing happens and it is over before you know it. I had heard only good things, but I feel duped out of my cash. Wouldn't want that to happen to anyone else. Seriously, don't bother."
,Recommended,232430,31035187,Posted: 9 April,all,Falcon,"I want to give a concise, effective, and interesting review of Gone Home, but I'm not sure I can do it.Do I like it? Yes. Why? Well, that's not so simple.Technically, this game is fairly unremarkable. The graphics are fine, the controls are so simple that it would have been a feat to screw them up, the music does its job properly but doesn't amaze. To be honest, that's by and large how it goes - every component of the game is perfectly sufficient to do its job but fails to go above and beyond what is expected.The sole exception to that, from a technical standpoint, is the level design. While it all takes place in one ""level,"" the house that is the setting is masterfully designed to direct the player towards the next step of the journey while never feeling too restrictive. It directs the player in a linear experience while feeling like it is the player themself who is deciding where to go next (with a few notable, but natural exceptions).Of course, this is a story-driven game, so the technical aspects might be considered secondary for its appeal, but even there I am not as completely and utterly amazed as some reviewers have been. The story itself is good, and the way its told is interesting and novel. It is this narrative delivery (something that is inextricably tied to the aforementioend level design) that deserves the most praise.Unfortunately, a narrative delivery mechanism alone is not enough to carry a game, and while the narrative it delivers is good, it left me wanting. I got the sense that when I reached the end of the game, what I had really reached was the end of the first act of a bigger story. I appreciate the attempt for an open-ended narrative, but I felt that much of the most interesting content in the story was what happened next. This disappointed me.Of course, when the biggest quibble is that there isn't enough of something, obviously whatever is happening, it's doing something right. So, overall, yes, I would recommend this game. Specifically, I recommend it to people who enjoy exploration narratives with a heavy character focus, clever design, and impressive atmosphere. If you're looking for engaging gameplay, epic story, massive worlds, or anything besides an interesting, small story, do not look here, because you will be left wanting. If however, you come to this seeking a small piece of beautiful, understandable, relatable humanity, give Gone Home a try."
76561198060931631,Not Recommended,232430,31207706,Posted: 17 April,all,Ebusmc08,I beat this game within 2 hours. Not worth $20.
,Recommended,232430,33641231,Posted: 18 July,all,Stimspooks Madhouse,"The feels are very strong with this oneYou wont get a particularly long experience out of this game (I finished in two and a half hours while examening every object) but the emotions you will feel certainly make up for this short amount of time.I wont say too much about it as I certainly wouldnt want to spoil the experience. I will say however that thisIS NOTa horror game at all as some may think at first glance,THIS ISan emotional experience that I believe most people should enjoy."
,Recommended,232430,31172592,Posted: 16 April,all,DWZ,"Nice story line. Not a long game at all, but very interesting and fun.  Worthwhile if you can get it cheap."
76561198309486913,Not Recommended,232430,31213547,Posted: 18 April,all,Herr Death,"This game is not worth your time, or your money.  This was the biggest waste of $20 I have ever spent.  I would hardly pay 99 cents for it.  The story was ok but it is juxtaposed with a strange horror/thriller esthetic.  I bought the game thinking it would be a suspensful mystery game, an idea I gained from the game summery, but soon realized that I was very wrong.  Any hope of playing an intersting, thriller, exploration game quickly dissolved into an hour long grind through anangsty telling of a young girls transition into a punk rock lesbian.  Not that there is anything wrong with that but if you are going to tell that story make sure it is an intersting one.  And if you do, don't trick people into thinking they are buying a mystery game when they are realling buying a punk romance novel."
,Recommended,232430,31014027,Posted: 8 April,all,Spksh,Lovely.
76561197983801038,Recommended,232430,14671344,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Genghis Kob,"Very gutsy game design, with clever writing and excellent voice work. Not a horror game at all, more like a mystery where you unfold the plot through scraps of information with a very satisfying ending."
,Recommended,232430,16514753,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,alexis,i like lesbians
76561197999099461,Recommended,232430,8168295,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Serenade,Highly unique and well handled subject matter and decent atmosphere/pacing/exploration but I wasn't blown away by it like some. I'd recommend it if it's your kind of game but you should get it on sale.
76561198036943222,Recommended,232430,8279205,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Piggo,"WARNING, THIS IS NOT A HORROR GAME.9/10Good game overall, but  bit short."
,Recommended,232430,8784008,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,jamesinjapan,"Stunningly atmospheric with top-notch voice acting. If you go into this thinking you are going to be scared, you will be wrong. Despite the tension and darkness, it is not going to make you wet yourself.Check it out."
,Recommended,232430,6707072,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Hanroo,"From only looking at the screenshots to begin with, this turned out a lot better then what I was expecting. Everyone should defiantly give this game a go, its different, engaging, emotional and I simply couldn't stop playing until I got to the end. This game is perfect."
,Recommended,232430,3622960,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,drspoik,"Beautiful game. No guns, no puzzles, just atmosphere and a story told in an extraordinary way."
,Recommended,232430,833046,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Retroblique,"If you thought Dear Esther was all tell and no show, Gone Home represents the perfect antitode. Incredibly atmospheric, funny, sad, and a little spooky, Gone Home is a beautifully woven interactive narrative that will defy your expectations. Put 2 or 3 hours aside one evening and play this alone, with the lights low, and savor an exceptional gaming experience. (I'd also recommend heading straight to the options menu when you first fire it up to turn off the object highlighting.)"
,Recommended,232430,7501837,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,dud root,Any game that makes MRAs froth at the mouth is OK by me
,Recommended,232430,7471522,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Bieeanda,"It's basically a young adult short story translated into a game-like medium, something a little like Dear Esther. There is one core narrative that drives exploration in the game, but there are a couple of other side stories inferred by documents and objects that can be found here and there, and some non-interactive objects offer mute testimony that would be heavy-handed in a written story.Don't go into it expecting a horror story, unless you're a parent. There are elements there, but ultimately they're the same kind you could find in your own darkened, empty home.Gone Home isn't without flaws, however. Even ignoring the voiceovers that interrupt now and then, the main story is about as subtle as a tack-hammer to the head, and there's no real closure on any of the satellite stories. The 'search everywhere' approach that the game encourages and an odd design choice makes it possible to short-circuit the whole thing by examining the front hall too thoroughly.I enjoyed it. It does funny things with the interface on occasion, the stories were engaging, and I have a -thing- for exploring. It -is- short though: roughly two hours, if you're digging through every cupboard, so if you're a stickler for some kind of time:money ratio, wait for a sale."
,Recommended,232430,14505760,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Lailachu,"Gone Home... I can't even put into words how much I loved this game. I cried, like legitimately cried. You play the game reliving Sam's memories through different items and notes you find throughout the house. I highly recommend this game to anybody who just wants to grab a cozy blacket, a cup of hot tea/choco, and just play a short interactive heart-warming story. I hope you enjoy this game because I definitely did!"
76561198096132618,Recommended,232430,20011282,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,PorthPixie,This game is a relaxing point and click with an interesting story. It is only like an hour or two long but once you start playing you will want to unravel the mystery of the game. It is simple and fun.
,Recommended,232430,20024034,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,PsychoticPrincess,"Amazing game.  Emersive atmosphere.  The game is very well made and I highly recommend playing it.  This isn't a horror game, as the trailer and atmosphere initially lead me to believe - but it emerses you as if it is a horror game and it certainly plays into the creep factor.  I've played it over multiple times and I'm still finding new bits to the story that I didn't catch before."
,Recommended,232430,9226217,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,CanisAnubis,"You arrive home from a college semester abroad, looking forward to seeing your family and telling them of your many adventures in Europe. You see a note on the door from your sister who has apparently run off, and your parents are nowhere to be found. As 20-year old Kaitlin Greenbriar, you enter the house. Your goal: to figure out what has happened to your family.This Indie adventure game will provide you with 2-3 hours of incredible storytelling through notes, journals and other personal effects of the Greenbriar family. As you explore the family's mansion, you actuallybecomeKaitlin Greenbriar. The lighting, music and textures really make this game come alive and you feel as if you are actually in the house yourself. The story is brilliant and inspiring and there is MUCH to be learned about the Greenbriars.Don't play this game just to finish but rather to understand as much as you can about the Greenbriar family. There are hidden gems of information that take very good intuition and reasoning to pick up on. If you play this game correctly, the intricacies will blow you away."
76561198116487156,Recommended,232430,34330829,Posted: 18 August,all,tomparkes1987,"I'm quite new to this style of game, and thoroughly enjoyed this title. I played Firewatch about a month ago (still my current favourite!), and it completely opened my eyes to an entirely new genre of game, which I hadn't encountered previously. I gave Gone Home a try, based on the recommendations of others, and I wasn't disappointed. I enjoyed the storyline, and the atmosphere was fantastic - I had an almost constant feeling of nervous anticipation, wondering what I might find behind each new door of the house.It's a short game, but the storyline, atmosphere and visuals are excellent - well worth a play. 9/10 from me."
,Recommended,232430,10741030,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,russellmz least annoying scout,"good story that's revealed as you rifle through the rooms of your family home. some creepy moments, some subtle moments, and some funny moments packed into a short game."
,Recommended,232430,24101412,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,leonthesleepy,"First off, yes this is a ""Walking Simulator"". So if you already made up your mind that you hate those types of games where you cant die and its focused on simply unravelling the story, then this isnt for you.Still here? Great, because Gone Home is a fantastic game/experience that should not be missed for those itching for a great story. But i'm not going to tell you what the story is about. Suffice to say, you come home after being away for a few years to an empty home. While waiting, you poke around the house, and discover why everyones missing, and the stories hidden inside the house.To put it simply, the story is incredible in the way it is told to you, and part of the fun is the mystery and intrigue of discovering why everyone is missing. Unlike most games, Gone Home felt genuinely real to me. Terrific voice work helped to cement the experience, and the result is one of the most involving stories i have been a part of in years. (and i loved The Last of Us and Mass Effect)Its sad to see such hate being thrown at the game because of its subject matter, and its ""lack of gameplay'. Yes, there are no death states in the game, no bosses, no fighting mechanic. You walk, explore and interact. Which is not a bad thing at all. The only downside i have to warn you about, is the game length. Its 3 hours for 20 bucks. Personally, that is overpriced, so i reccomend getting it at a sale. But it is a must play game."
,Recommended,232430,26890593,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Li Kao,"A game I'm so glad to have experienced, heartfelt thanks to the dev !"
,Recommended,232430,28017119,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Beta,"This game is so amazing. The way all of the elements work together to draw you in is something I haven't seen in any other games. The less you know going in, the better. So much of the fun is being able to explore and draw your own conclusions.It's the sort of game where, after you finish it, you wish you could forget everything so you could play it again for the first time."
76561198120154854,Recommended,232430,27251672,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,gothmj,"Emotional game, recommended if you want to just go around this huge house and discover slowly a story.It's not an action game, the atmosphere can make you think that it will become a horror or scary game at any point, but it's not.Best of the game: the story."
,Not Recommended,232430,7965318,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,NITE OWL II,Hour long game for an anti-climatic and boring ending yay
,Not Recommended,232430,28383005,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Kill em all,"What an utter dissapointment, I bought this game hoping for a good story, but not only was the story cliche but the entire plot is revealed almost immediately. It seems like the creators tried to be coy with setting up the ""grand reveal"" but it ended up being painfully obvious what the story would revolve around.The entire time I couldn't help but be annoyed at how likely it was that the creators picked the plot purely based on being ""edgy"" and ""progressive"" only to have their sentiments fall flat on their face by coming up with such an unoriginal soap opera esque plot line. Seriously, for the money I paid, I want some better written than an episode of some trash show on the CW. If you are going to play that card, at least come up with something better.Forget this game, get Firewatch instead."
,Not Recommended,232430,28398885,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,inky,"Picked this game up for 75 or 80% off on sale. Good music (Chris Remo is a good composer), and good atmosphere. That's about it. The story is extremely cliched and even despite this, it will manage to hold your interest for a while until you realize it doesn't go anywhere. The ending that they build up to the whole game (it's heavily implied that something very bad happens to Sam, your sister in the game) does not even come to fruition, the side story with the father and mother is interesting for a while as well until that also turns out that it doesn't go anywhere. The journey is somewhat engaging for a little while, but there is no conclusion whatsoever. I suppose it's somewhat like real life in this sense, that the events just sort of happen and keep happening, and keep happening, but eventually you look back on the whole game and ask yourself: what the hell is the point? If the story went in an interesting direction and had a meaningful conclusion, I would have enjoyed this game so much more, as then the several hours you spend playing would actually lead to something.In terms of gameplay, there's nothing here. It's very much like Dear Esther in the sense that you sort of just walk around and the story is revealed to you. Yes you have to look for clues and hints to move the story along, but this mostly just consists of opening up drawers to find letters and diaries and such. There is nothing challenging whatsoever about this game, and the gameplay does not change or evolve one iota during the entire playthrough.TL;DR - Bad game, meh story that goes nowhere, good soundtrack (the score, not the in game music). Very short and unrewarding. Even if you enjoy coming of age stories about homosexuality (the game's main theme), don't spend money on this, just watch a playthrough on youtube. You will get the exact same level of enjoyment out of just watching."
76561198081504208,Not Recommended,232430,28496686,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,bthnygrdnr,"Not worth the money. Don't get me wrong. There was nothing wrong with the storyline, per-se, but there was no real mystery to solve. And nothing that interesting about the story either. I would have been happier if Sam had gone crazy and was keeping Lonnie chained up somewhere, or if one if them was possesed. You don't get a pass on a cliched story of young forbidden love just because it involved an ""untraditional"" pairing."
76561198038084472,Recommended,232430,28610100,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,fxds,"Even more than most games, whether or not I'd recommendGone Homedepends upon your taste and preferences.Mostly that's because of the kind of game this is.Gone Homereminds me of some of the adventure games of my youth.  (Yes, I'm old.)  You're dropped into a situation that is quite unexpected for your character and left to explore your environment (the titular home) while slowly uncovering the story of what happened to lead to the current situation.There are no enemies or combat.  The puzzles you encounter, if they can even be called puzzles, revolve entirely around gaining access to more areas of the house.  They're ""solved"" through simple exploration and really serve as a device to keep the story discovery in order rather than as any kind of challenge.  And that story, as you'll quickly realize, is mainly a coming of age story.  Whether any or all of that is good, bad, or indifferent is completely in the eye of the beholder.Which leads to the other part of why I would or wouldn't recommendGone Home.  In the interest of avoiding spoilers I'll simply say that the main story involves a topic that has been one of the primary fronts for the past decade or two in the ongoing culture war in the US.  If you strongly identify as either progressive or conservative on social issues you may be either elated or disgusted, respectively, by that aspect of the story.  On the other hand, if you're somewhere between those two extremes your enjoyment of the game probably won't hinge on the matter.Personally I enjoyedGone Home.  The environment is just a little bit creepy, which befits the situation perfectly and helped highlight the inflection points in the story where I genuinely feared what I was going to find next.  And I don't mean feared in the horror movie sense.  I mean the story drew me in enough that I was concerned about the fate of the characters.  To call the game a ""walking simulator"" sells it short.  While there may be exploration involved in taking a walk, there usually isn't much of a story to be revealed, at least in my experience.  I suppose your milage may vary if you commonly take walks in your friends' or family's homes when you arrive and unexpectely find them gone, with a cryptic note addressed to you tacked on the front door.If you choose to playGone HomeI would recommend doing so at a time when you have several hours available, so you can play through in a single session.  I would also recommend taking your time and exploring the house throughly rather than trying to rush through.  Much ofGone Homeis in the details and I imagine it would be something of a thin experience if you bypass most of that in favor of pushing to reach the story's conclusion as swiftly as possible.  Case in point, in reading through some of the discussion threads here on Steam after playing the game through, I saw reference to some things I didn't find even though I thought I had explored completely.  So I'm looking forward to playing through again at some point with an eye toward figuring out where I missed those bits.Finally, to address a point that is commonly mentioned in reviews, I have to agree that the regular price feels a bit steep for the amount of contentGone Homeoffers and its fairly limited replayability, especially this long after release.  But it goes on sale fairly often and is a decent to very good value at the common sale prices.So, can you enjoy a game that's about exploration and story, without any guns, explosions, platforming, crafting, or zombies involved?  If you are socially/religously conservative, can you still enjoy a story even though it casts a generally positive light on a topic with which you may personally disagree?  Then yes, I do indeed recommendGone Home."
,Recommended,232430,28621406,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,liquidhorses,One of the most enjoyable storylines I've had the pleasure of experiencing. Excellent soundtrack and the puzzles/gameplay was an average. I recommend this game.
76561198220558784,Not Recommended,232430,28411586,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,midgettus,"I accidently got to the end of the story without having all the bits filled in for me so I ended up quite confused and sort of felt a bit like I'd been told the ending, so there is no point in me going through it again. I wasn't entirely sure what was going to happen, the atmosphere made it feel like something would jump out at me but it never does. It was a bit disappointing that I was allowed to get to the end without hearing all the information, I would have preferred the game to have had exploration goals that triggered another part of the story to be revealed. Oh well."
,Not Recommended,232430,29592981,Posted: 30 January,all,BarbeQ,Interesting story. Horribly uninteresting game.Don't get this game for anything more than five dollars.
,Recommended,232430,21822672,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,bishely,"This game made me cry. There, ok, I said it. At the very end, it made me cry, and I cried for my lost youth. Yep, that's right, I'm old now (32 as I write) and I remember the 90s and being young and hopeful, and days that stretched out forever, full of promise and the sense that anything could happen, and just letting it all happen to me. I taught myself to play guitar, started a band and played terrible music at an offensive volume. That was late 90s though, and Gone Home is firmly set in the early 90s. I digress.Honestly, this game has been around forever, so you probably know all the details - it's a walking sim with a creepy setting (empty house, late at night, in a storm) which teases you into expecting jump scares while it actually slowly unravels a plot that organically becomes more and more gripping. If you've no interest in wandering around a house, poking through other people's junk and listening to very earnest teenagers wrestle with their angst, you will hate this game. That's ok, no one is saying you're wrong. You've probably got a very different set of memories, experiences and ideas about what a game is.Me? I told you, I come from the 90s, so remember videotaping the X-Files and making cassette mixtapes of post-grunge bands. We had fanzines back then. Remember those? No? Ok, so this will either be a period drama for you, or you'll simply hate it.Why do I keep suggesting you might hate it? Because it's very, very niche. You could remake the game with the exact same story but shift the timeframe to the 80s, 70s, 60s, whenever, and I'd probably not have enjoyed it nearly as much. I suspect a big part of the disconnect between GamerGaters and games journalists is that most of the journos are a generation older than most of the GamerGaters. We come from a different world, a world before mobile phones, colour printers and the Internet - we speak a different language. I completely understand why lots and lots of people would hate this game. I'm just not one of them, and I absolutely adore it.If you've read this far and I haven't put you off, what are you waiting for? Give it a go."
,Recommended,232430,28126080,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Eugenia123345,Such amazing game!! 9.5/10
,Not Recommended,232430,28322151,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Argonautical,Marketing led me to believe this was a horror game. I wasted $20.
76561198018801344,Recommended,232430,25704680,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Don Quixote,"Gone Home proves to be a brilliant use of narrative and level design to envelop the player in someone else’s word. The player uses ephemera to connect the dots and “explore” their family’s history and whereabouts. Worth a play through, especially if you can avoid spoilers before your first game. Thumbs up for the ace punk tunes too."
76561198289293960,Recommended,232430,25710741,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Neko B.,Pros: An emotional experience. Great soundtrack. Beautiful story.Cons: Short.
76561198060815448,Recommended,232430,21974547,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,OGbobman,"Not worth $20 more like $5. But its an interesting story, I hoped that it was longer, because I was hoping to see more in the game. A longer story, it would of been interesting, to see this hunt to find your sister. But oh well it kinda felt like, Chole's (from Life Is Strange) story before her friend (Rachel) went missing."
,Not Recommended,232430,16776298,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Peirson,"Super Short, I managed to buy it on sale and used money I got from selling CSGO crates. I paid 60 cents. Any more and I would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,232430,16761099,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,RendCycle,"I am a very busy person. I like checking out games and buying some that I find being offered at a really good deal. Whenever I get some recreation time, I tend to play games for a few minutes or hours while switching back and forth from one title to another. Thus since I've discovered Steam, with their many sale offers, I never did truly finish any games at all... until now. Not sure if that is a good thing but I'm confident to say ""Gone Home"" is really a short game. I needed to go back to it once I finished it because I may have accidentally accessed the end game item early on that I felt I have to check out the other areas first before I can leave this one alone. After I believe I've done everything within the game, I still felt dissatisfied. I've read many reviews giving ""Gone Home"" high ratings that I expected a lot. Well, please lower your expectations significantly. The experience felt like I just watched a bad B movie which I willl soon forget and not care at all."
,Not Recommended,232430,11828302,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Winstontaneous,"I wish I had read some reviews about this one before buying it, even though I think I got it on sale for about $4, I say you probably would rather rent a movie. There is maybe an hour of gameplay if I'm being really generous with this walking-simulator. I had the misconception that this was a horror game, but it's actually a story game, and the story that it tells didn't appeal to me. By the end I felt really bored, and (spoilers?) even though I thought a twist ending was coming (or a horror ending) it didn't."
76561198153455108,Recommended,232430,13041279,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Martin,"A lot of people don't get the game. That's because you have to be very open-minded to play it. First of all, you have to see that as an experience, not a game. You cannot expect a big story and lots of scare, because that's not the focus. If you enter the heavy atmosphere you can really feel its objective. Just put yourself in it, without any distractions around. Play it like it's you in that situation. Then you're going to see that this game is unique because, different from other games, it's so close to our reality that it can immerse you and go deeper and deeper inside your feelings. Simply fantastic. 10/10"
,Recommended,232430,13674520,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ZekeDMS,The oppressive darkness of the house is almost as scary as coming to grips with the difficulties of interpersonal relations through ransacking my family's drawers. 10/10
,Not Recommended,232430,8286993,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Lesbian Lucario,"You arrive home after a year abroad in the middle of the night, only to find that your family is gone. Confused as to what happened, you begin to explore your family's house, hoping to find answers. However, while exploring the house's twisting hallways, you will not find a game that was worth purchasing. Gone Home is one of the most disappointing games I've ever played. I read through critic scores and hypothesized that it must be an amazing game. ""An amazing story!"" ""Such superb design!"" ""I loved every moment of it!"" After an hour of wandering halls, reading through papers, finding keys and unlocking doors, I finally finished the game... and that's it. No flash, no bang, just a story that was pieced together through exploring a home. If anything, this game feels like BioShock if all it consisted of was listening to audio logs and exploring Rapture for a 60 minutes. Gone Home is far from boring. Piecing together the story and exploring the large home is quite enjoyable. The stories sprawled throughout the home will probably intrigue you. However, Gone Home is also far from being worth its $19.99 price tag. I finished the game in about an hour and I have absolutely no urge to replay it. I would not recommend this game unless its price tag goes down to under $10. It's just not worth what it's priced at. Not worth it at all."
,Not Recommended,232430,8320543,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Lynma,"Let me be clear, it's not a bad ""game"" (even if it's not really a game at all). But it's really expensive for what it worths. The main plot is nice, but rather simple, a lot of things about the relationships in this family could have gone deeper, but we barely scratch the surface of the plot.The other questions of the game are ALL unanswered. Well, finally, we get to know why everybody's gone, but... we don't really care, only the sister matters, and that's sad. Both the stories of the mother and the father could be at least as interesting as the sister's one, but no, we feel they are just here to keep us busy so the game doesn't last 1h.The gameplay is also pretty stiff, and breaks the immersion. I mean, when you have to drop a tape you're holding so you can open a door, it's boring, specially when you try to forget you're in a game.The real strengh of this game is the voice acting of the girl playing Sam, she has really done a great job, and all her emotions are conveyed to us without flaw.I bought it at -66%, so 6.45€, and it's still too expensive for a game lasting 2 hours that you can't do again. (When you have finished it once, the game lasts 47 secondes, no joke).It's a cool short experience, but way overated and waaaay too expensive, even at -66%."
,Not Recommended,232430,8325355,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,[GONDY] RAPTOR,"This game is NOT worth $20 USD, and I'm glad to say I got it on sale. Its story is unambitious and incredibly straightforward, and even when I tried to take this game slowly and ""savour the story and the edginess and the indieness"" I still finished it in about an hour and a half. If you want an edgy indie game that has few mechanics, play Journey. If you want a game that lets you uncover the story, play Papers, Please. If you want a point and click story, play The Walking Dead or The Wolf Among us. This game is simply a disappointment and does not live up to the hype in my eyes.Maybe if you were born in 1980 and want some nostalgia, and you have money to spare, this could be the game for you. I just don't like it."
,Not Recommended,232430,8343301,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,BMONO,"Didn't feel worth my money, even at sale.The game is very short, and only prolongued by the slow walk speed. The only redeeming value that made me continue playing is the 90's nostalgia they throw around the house.It's not all bad though. The atmosphere was nice enough, and I do sense potential for the devs to make something more elaborate than this (And possibly charge a more reasonable price) But this game did not live up to it's journalistic hype.I bought this game for $7, but it feels like it's worth $3."
,Not Recommended,232430,8350331,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Fingleberry McHingleberry,"Ok, before I get flamed for this, it is a wondeful story. But that's about it. The graphics don't really matter and the gameplay isn't really actual gameplay. Someone could've easily just made a short story outta this using a camera in first person, sort of like Blaire Witch. But anway, the point is that I could've watched anyone play this and get the same feeling as I did playing it. It emphasizes, for once, the story way too much over the gameplay. So do I recommend watching a playthrough of this? Yes. Do I recommend buying it full price? No."
,Not Recommended,232430,8351194,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Legomaster86,"This is an awful story.  I can't call it a game, because it has no gameplay elements other than ""pick up an object, now set it down"".  There are no puzzles that use this mechanic, and it seems that the only real interaction with the environment is turning lights on and opening doors.  Also, for those who like to find all hiddin secrets about the story, expect to read.  A lot.  Also, anybody opposed to homosexual love will want to steer clear of this story, as that is really the only plot point.  I am thankful that I purchased this while it was on sale, because otherwise I would have been out $20 as opposed to the $6.79 that I spent.  Out of all the steam games I have purchased over the past few years, this is one of the few that I promply uninstalled after one 88 minute playthrough."
,Not Recommended,232430,8352292,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Saftle,"Gone Home is a more of an interactive story than a game. Similar to A Stanley Parable and Dear Esther, it is demonstrating that a game can be used as a way to tell a story and nothing more.In this case, the game doesn't deserve a lengthy review, and if anyone is looking for a game in this genre, then the two games mentioned above, would be the best ones to play.The environment is very well done, and you really feel a connection with the characters due to all the little details scattered around, but the entire time you're expecting something big, or you feel like you're getting closer to where the story really starts, or the climax, but instead the story ends before anything really starts.It felt more like a concept/prototype and is definitely not worth the full purchase price. At maybe $5, it may be worth your time, but even then there are 1000s of indie titles that you haven't played yet, I'm sure.2/10"
76561198041774909,Not Recommended,232430,8415919,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Neko,I want my money and my time back. Seriously.
,Not Recommended,232430,8423432,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Guthar,"First off, It's not a game. It's an interactive short story. When I say short I mean 1-2 hours depending on if you go threw everything.Possible Spoilers Below! YOU'VE BEEN WARNED!The Good:Story is a decent one. Even though it was dragged on for way longer than it should have been. (Yes I know, the ""Game"" is short as hell, but honestly the story could of been told in 30 seconds on one piece of paper from your sister as soon as you walked into the house)Nostalgia: if you grew up in the 90's you probably can connect to somethings that were laying around the house.Emotion: I guess if you have experienced some of the things that your ""Game"" sister when through. In example: being a teenager who is stuggling with personal things and school, being bullied or growing up gay you may have felt a little more emotional than I have while playing. I however felt happy with how things turned out in the end, even though I felt cheated by the endless rollercoaster the ""Game"" made me ride even though I didn't have to, to come to the ultimate ending.The Bad:Gameplay: It's not a game. If walking around a virtual world and picking things up counts as a game then I guess you can call it a game. However my idea of game involves a little more interaction than just walking around a house picking up pieces of paper.Length: Short, not short enough? I guess I'm torn because I feel as if the story could be wrapped up in the first 5 minutes but then it wouldn't be much of a ""Game"". Still all in all its very short for the price tag.Price: Way to much for the length. If this game was less than 5 dollars I wouldn't have a problem with it. However I paid almost $7 and it was 66% off. $20 full price is something you pay for a game that lasts 10+ hours and has some replay value.Summary:The only redeming value I got from buying this game is the story kind of sticks with you. I'm happy the way it ended. I felt good for most of the characters and how they ended up. I wish there was more of a story, maybe shedding more light on Oscar even though seems there's a pretty obvious assumption of why he was the way he was. (google it)Score: 6/10 (8/10 if the price wasn't so high)"
76561197988839245,Not Recommended,232430,8425290,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Roxc,I dont have problems with interacive stories.  Problem with gone home is that the story is  poor. Kudos  to the voice actor doing Sam though. She at least managed to make me a little interested in the game.Bought it at 50% for  9.49 Euros and I feel kind of ripped of. I think 5 euros is a decent asking price for such a short game.
76561198045129677,Not Recommended,232430,8475368,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,JlNX,"Gone Home is a story adventure that unfortunately falls flat.I love a good mystery and thought this would be right up my alley. A college-aged girl comes home, circa 1995, from traveling abroad and finds the entire home empty when she arrives late on a stormy night. The family had just moved into what some in town call the ""psycho house"". Lights flicker, thunder booms and you hear the sound of your footsteps in the old house.That sounds like the beginning of great, spooky adventure. But it soon becomes clear that the only background narrative you get is from your sister, Sam, who is 17. You hear bits of an audio journal after examining key clues. You do find bits and pieces out on other family members through the notes and items they leave around, but Sam is the only voice over.What you soon find is Gone Home is more of a coming of age (and coming out) story within a spooky setting. (Trust me, I'm not giving anything away here.) While you can pick up a lot of things and open drawers and such, almost none of the things you find, save notes and letters, are useful. You can only keep a few items, like keys, that you will need to unlock certain areas. And, although at the very start, Sam warns you not to poke around, she certainly doesn't act like that was the intent throughout the rest of story.There is some indie band music (on cassette tapes, of course) that you can pop in a player and listen to. Personally, I thought it sounded terrible--unless you like death metal women bands who scream their lyrics. I was hoping they'd have some clues on tape or that you would be able to pop in a VHS into the player for some visual clues. Oh well....There are no real puzzles save finding keys to unlock doors and combinations that unlock other items. It's a very short game--only a few hours. The graphics are good, the voice acting is done well, but unless you find this type of storyline appealing, you'll probably be disappointed."
76561198016886767,Not Recommended,232430,8496690,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Tuesday Evening,"I laughed when i heard people spent 20 dollars on this, I regret dashing 7. By definition, this is a video game, by my standerds, no. Yea, many people would say, 'not all games have to have shooting magic and swords.' A video game must have more then, 'open inventory, open drawer, pick up this and crouch.' Thats all you do, read, and you can find a better story in paper. Spoilers ahead, and trust me, if you plan on buying this, do not even glance after this. There are no ghosts, nothing, the developers set it up as it would be, but the only scare is how boring the story is. Honestly its just about your lesbian sister, cheating mother and somewhat unsuccessful author of a father. As soon as she described 'Lorriane' I knew she was a lesbian, and the ending became so much more clear afterwards. The funniest thing was how your parents dont even care about you, they leave your postcards strewn across the house, and they didnt even put the effort to setting your room up. I mean they had months to do it, and considering your father is an author, there really isnt an escuse. All in all, your better off watching someone else play it on youtube, because the experiance will be near identical."
,Not Recommended,232430,8498873,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ants in my eyes johnson,"preachy as hell, I have nothing agianst being gay, but this game made it seem like if your gay, that's the only thing you write about think about etc."
76561197997504588,Not Recommended,232430,8500190,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kassiesue,"Cute Story, and mildly amusing if you grew up in the 90's.  2 hours of gameplay....  No replay value.  So, buy this if it's on sale for a dollar or less, play it for two hours, and go on with your life.  Or don't.  Whichever."
,Not Recommended,232430,8520056,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,FernandoDante,"Honestly, I think it's pretty damn ridiculous that this game requires me to deactivate my antivirus to play it. Here I am, scanning my computer after a threat surfaced as soon as I deactivated the anti-virus. I could be playing the game, but no. Malware searching it is.Please fix this game-breaking bug."
,Not Recommended,232430,8536756,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,bloodyNASsassin,"This is not a game. It's basically a book with visuals that you can explore. It's a small setting. It has been highly overrated. DO NOT pay $20 for it, not even $10. It takes less than 2 hours to thoroughly explore. There is no gameplay. SPOILERThe tone of the ""game"" is nothing but a distraction. There's nothing to be scared of. This is not a horror game. There's no spooky creature encounter. The whole ""game"" is about purposely misleading the player, making something out of nothing.  END GAME SPOILER lights are out due to no one being home. END OF END GAME SPOILER"
76561198020209153,Not Recommended,232430,8546453,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Jesusaurus Rex,"You'd be better served saving your money on this game and buying a good book.  It's mostly a narrative and you don't have much influence on the game.  You have to explore a little bit, but everything's pretty much mapped out for you.  The narrative isn't all that interesting either.  I'm extremely disappointed in this game.  Don't be fooled by all the postive reviews on this one."
76561198027368592,Not Recommended,232430,8549818,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,ProtoQuasar,"Initially the atmosphere of this game pulled me in then it fairly quickly turned to disappointment. This is a very short story game, shorter than Portal. The acting is decent, the story is simple. This game is similar to Dear Esther in many ways. You have the ability to interact with most objects you see. The interaction is to shallow however, you can pick up and drop things or look at them. Thats it. The gameplay ends there. There are also audio clips that play but they come out of thin air. At least in bioshock they had tape decks playing back audio. I had to force myself from the first audio clip to accept it did not make sense and move on. The audio seems to be the thoughts of someone else and you have no way to have known them. Also the fact your sister leaves all of these notes out in the open when her parents dont approve of what she is doing also does not make sense. Despite that, I think this is a good first game for this studio. I enjoy the overall concept of this game and would like to see more games from them similar in style to this."
,Not Recommended,232430,8562565,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,dec1mat0r,"I know what this game was trying to do and for some it might be their cup of tea. It felt a lot like Dear Esther. A game who tries to be creepy and maybe even hints at providing SOME sort of gameplay, but in the end falls flat on its face and doesn't DO much. I do admit I was creeped out by it at points, but after you get through a certain point, it left me thinking.. ""Really?"" There was a lot of potential here and I feel they tried to make a heart touching story out of something that didn't really matter to me at all."
76561198040187511,Not Recommended,232430,8713875,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,413xdl,"The concept is solid but the writing and execution is poor. The few restrictions imposed on the player are somewhat hamfisted. Good sound design and lighting dynamics keep this game afloat.  If you're interested in atmosphere, sentimentalism, 90's nostalgia, and an anti-male/anti-domestic storyline you'll probably enjoy this ""game."" It's not for most people though."
,Not Recommended,232430,9128143,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Wirelesspony,"This game overall does have an engaging story and some intresting and riveting side aspects. Amazing when pay attention to little details.But overall this game is NOT worth 20$, the like i said the story is intresting but nothing THAT special, obviously this game does not focus on gameplay at all, nothing standing out or amazing about the enviornment as well. It has little secret rooms, but over all a bland and boring game. And there are many other amazing games that provide amazing gameplay, enviornment feel AND story as well rather than this mediocre indie game."
,Not Recommended,232430,9145238,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Binky,"This game is criminally fraudulent. It is not worth the bandwidth required to download its intro page. Its entire existance and the elaborate lie that is its review process I highly suspect to be part of some political organization's utterly failed attempt at positive propaganda. It is a lesbian lovestory, that's it. It's not even a good story. Someone should pay the ultimate price for this crime against art."
76561198007659692,Not Recommended,232430,9145576,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,NihilistMERC,Brilliant idea and game mechanics. Stupid partisan story.
76561197992519743,Not Recommended,232430,9167796,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,jmu,"Spoilers!  This game is sort of cheap in how it strings you along.  The doom and gloom setting with the weather, lights flickering, ""psycho house"".  In the end its just the story of some family drama.  Which would be fine but why is the game setup the way it is?  I think its disingenuous at best and at worst literally to trick people into buying thinking its more than it really is.  This is like a murder mystery where the the culprit ends up being old age."
76561197964599599,Not Recommended,232430,9188117,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,selderane,"The atmosphere works well and the gameplay is simple, but enjoyable.  That said, however, the critical acclaim surrounding this game is completely unwarranted and underserved.  Sam, your sister, is gay and in love with a high school misfit.  The story explores their growing relationship.  The problem is, the story is banal.  The only twist is that it's about two girls in love, rather than a boy and a girl.It's a story ripped from any teenage drama you've seen, and were the central characters of the game opposite genders (because the game is really about Sam and her love, not you) no critic in their right mind would be praising it as hard and loudly as they do.So, if you're just gushing to play any game about lesbian love, I suppose this is a title for you.  If you like a good story, there's a lot better out there."
,Not Recommended,232430,9199823,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,MsMya,"After hearing a lot of praise for this game by my friends, I picked up Gone Home when it was on sale to see what it was all about. I was rather disappointed.This is a first-person adventure and exploration game. The gameplay is actually pretty short. I beat it in a little under 2 hours. I feel like they could have done a lot more with this game, such as character development and the sub plots of the story.I also became rather annoyed with opening drawers, cabinets, and closets and not finding anything in them that added to the story.The story was good, with some feels, but I guess for me, it wasn't enough. Overall, I think that this could have been a much better game. I do not recommend purchasing, especially at full price."
,Not Recommended,232430,9367513,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,nutmeg3,"This game has too many problems for me to play it. It's the only computer game I've played on this computer (MSI GT70) that crashes every 15 minutes, and every time I play it, I get stuck walking to the side and cannot stop until I exit the game. At first I thought the buttons on my keyboard were getting stuck, but I eventually realized that it happens only with this game, and when I exit out, the keys are not stuck with any other program. After a while, I noticed that it even started happening without my even touching the buttons. So for me, this game is just unplayable.I haven't played it long enough to give the content a more thorough review, but from what I have played, it doesn't seem that interesting. I wouldn't buy it again even if I had more confidence in its technical performance."
76561198044691968,Not Recommended,232430,9419801,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,LondoBell Captain,"Althogh the story of this game is good and the atmosphere in this game is really appropriate, the length of this game is not worth the price. 19 dollars ? I feel a little regretful and I swear that I will never spend money on such a short game unless the price for it is cheap. I thought the elder sister would leave home to look for her little lesbian sister but the game just ended with her little sister's words""we will meet, someday""."
76561198058268174,Not Recommended,232430,9463701,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Alpha Drew,"Ehh, the exploration facter was dope, but the storyline was a bit too corny for my taste. If this was a horror game I would of went NUTS with excitement, but for what it was, its ok. Gotta admit though, when I purchased the game I didn't expect it to be what it was actually about. Had I'd own what the story had been before hand, I probably would of passed. However I can see how somebody could enjoy this game completely, unfortunately that somebody isn't me."
76561197971762733,Not Recommended,232430,9916642,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Noxious,"Video games are a strong platform for storytelling. Gone Home uses the medium well to convey its social commentary in a gripping, thought-provoking manner. Alas, with the a price tag of $20, I find myself needing to warn off potential buyers.Gone Home's story sheds new light and encourages the player to think about modern social taboos from a different angle; whilst noble, is not enough to hold a game together. Outside of its story line, Gone Home's single enviroment is blocky, pixelated, dispropartionate, uninspired and poorly lit. The gameplay is quite linear and is driven by grab and pull mechanics, which initially makes exploration exciting, but eventually starts feeling like a chore.The audio side of Gone Home really adds tension to the underlying plot. Though, in hindsight, its only purpose is to blind the player long enough that the actual plot line can emerge.Now comes the kicker, the real reason I would encourage people not to fork out the money for this game: replayability.Once you have finished Gone Home, any potential for replayability goes completely out the window. Gone Home relies so heavily on is linear gameplay to direct the player through the story that it makes replaying the game pointless. You will know each story point, each turn, where you are and where you need to go. Sadly, the emotional rollercoaster Gone Home provides is a one-way ride.Whilst short and sweet, $20 is an incredible amount of money to spend on a game that is fundamentally poorly made and only offers up to 2hrs gameplay (that's if you are really taking your time) and no replayability. I do not regret playing Gone Home, I simple regret paying for it.My recommendation: Save your money and watch a Youtube playthrough.Audio: 4/10Visual: 2/10Story: 7/10Gameplay: 3/10Length: 1/10Replayability: 0/10"
,Not Recommended,232430,10590713,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Berer89,"It's aight :/Not sure if I recommend or not...if you get it, at least don't get it for the full 20 bucks!"
,Not Recommended,232430,10735380,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,AHH QUIETUS,Playing this game is like letting a gross homeless guy explore your mouth with his fingers.
76561197993274097,Not Recommended,232430,10735493,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sonicrain,Not a game. Do not waste money on this.
,Not Recommended,232430,10741181,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Darksalchemist,"I had no idea this game's focus was a lesbian love story before I bought it... I have nothing against gay's, but I really wish I had known that was the focus of the game before I purchased it. I foolishly thought this game would be more of psychological thriller or mystery. I found the sub-plot of the failed writer dad character far more interesting then the main story. I wish there was more of a abstract as to what this game is about in the description, ""a girl coming home to find her family gone"" is just way to vague. I guess I should've picked up the hint when in the trailer the narrator says something about ""a girl named Lonnie."" Other than that, I loved listening to the punk music and exploring the house, for the most part."
,Recommended,232430,10744139,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,#turdcrew,"Gone Home was the first new game i've played in years. It was simple, and barebones and thats why it worked. In terms of game as interactive narrative, it may be a somewhat passive interaction (just reading stuff) but it works. it took a basic and much maligned convention of exploration in games and gave it heart. its not a ""game"" in the traditional based-on-boardgames-or-sports sense, but instead it gets closer to what you can do with video games when we stop thinking about them as (gonna be pretentious here) ""games"".  is it perfect? probably not, but that doesnt matter. will i play it again? i dunno, probably once or twice. but its definitely a game that sticks with you."
,Not Recommended,232430,10768634,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,bL4sT!,"So, Gone Home is an interactive story with exploration being the key of getting familiar with the characters and plot, but in my opinion I think that the plot is way too shallow, the characters and not well explored so you don't feel really immersed and the pacing is not the best, making the game lose it's charm as your curiosity leads you. But there's a problem with that: once you ""finish"" the game and unveil the plot behind it, you don't feel rewarded on any way and since there are no multiple endings, there's no reason to play again if you look at everything possible the first time playing.There are many more immersive games out there, with much more replayability and interesting plots to be unveiled as you play. Don't get me wrong, the game is not bad, but it isn't good enough to deserve a recommendation either."
76561198084436538,Not Recommended,232430,10772638,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Here in my Garage,This game is really short. Its also kind of gay unless your a 15 year old girl.
,Not Recommended,232430,10777053,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Straith,Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay to short to justify the price.  Even on sale for $5 it's not worth it.
76561198115519471,Not Recommended,232430,10778814,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TurdNugget,"♥♥♥♥ your symbolism, haiku, thought provoking  Indie ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Go write childrens stories!"
,Not Recommended,232430,10783081,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Elliot's Robot,"The full gameplay only took me somewhat less than 2 hours to play. Good-Okayish story, Good visuals. The story just isnt deep enough to suck me into the game experience. You should buy it if its on a steam sale, but for $20, its not worth it."
,Not Recommended,232430,10850633,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Karalee,I enjoyed the story of this game as well as the ability to interact with almost every object without having to worry about any enemies. I also did not mind the game was short and took me an hour and a half to complete. My problem however is there is no replay value. After I found Sam's journal entries I have no desire to play the game again because I already know what happened with Sam and Lonnie. I'm glad I bought this game while it was on sale because $20 is too much for  a game that has no replay value.
76561198028272970,Not Recommended,232430,10884059,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,kamstar,"People think this game is great, I don't agree.Review over."
,Recommended,232430,10892100,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Nipple Pubes,"I've read all about the comments for this game(story) and I gotta say that I'm glad that I purchased this. The atmosphere with the beautiful soundtrack relaxed me to the core. The story really had me interested but the ending was cliché but yet i still really enjoyed it. Had brought a tear to my eye :'). It was a lot shorter than I expected and not worth the normal price but it's one of those games that you really won't forget. The score was probaby my favorite part of all in the game, it was very relaxing and beautiful,plus hearing Sam's voice telling about Lonnie was just overall enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,232430,10912516,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MarioDragon,"This game is about as indie as it gets: it fills all of your wat jar and overflows enough to make your shoes wet. My disdain for this sad existence of an 'experience' makes me cry at night.I was never a fan of the artsy hipster better-than-mainstream feeling that early indie titles had (mainly Braid and Limbo) but those games were at least fun, challenging enough to keep playing, and worth their price tag. Gone Home is only one of these things, and it's definitely not fun or challenging or worth the price in any sense of the terms.I guess if you were a huge fan of Fez then you won't mind searching every inch of this mansion to unlock the secrets, small, bland, short, and boring though they are. I will admit my favorite thing about this game was how you could zoom in on papers and posters and see visibly clear text with an actual message instead of a low resolution scribble to give the impression of writing (mainly like in Mass Effect 2). That's the only thing I appreciated, everything else made me want to uninstall. But how could I? I already spent $20, I had to see it through.The atmosphere was also good. In fact some parts were creepier than Amnesia.If you don't like romances, don't buy this game. I hate romances. If there's a grand story with lots of characters in an epic setting, then a romance between two characters is fine. That's natural. A story, movie, or book that is only and foremost a romance is not what I like in my media. Had I know this game was just a romance, I wouldn't have bought it, but unfortunately you don't realize this until the end of the game and by then it's too late. Did I mention the end comes within two hours? I beat this game in less than the time it takes me to watch a good movie, and I could have rented one for a lot less than I paid for this. Video games are not movies, the experience has to be directly related to the cost of the game, and $20 is way too much.Would I recommend it for $5? No, I wouldn't, but if you want to see what all the craze is about then I guess the only time I would say you should buy it is for 99 cents. Better yet make your brother buy it and play it off Steam Family Sharing, at least then you won't have to stare at it in your own library."
76561198044492549,Not Recommended,232430,10924402,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Tartarus' balloon shop,"This is not a mystery or ""adventure"", it is a desent to boring story about a girl and her highschool/home life and it's drama."
,Not Recommended,232430,10925175,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Slicemage,"Steam Library Playthrough Update:Tonight I finished game #9 - Gone Home.To call Gone Home a game might be a stretch - it's more of an interactive story. The game environment (a large house) was well made, and the attention to detail was great.The underlying story of the game is revealed through journal entries that are uncovered by interacting with objects in the house. The story kept me interested, but I wouldn't call it particularly riveting.Overall, Gone Home as a piece of art is excellent, but as a game there really isn't much substance to it.Rating: 60%"
76561197991593132,Not Recommended,232430,10927261,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Droogs,"Game is broken. I put a cassette tape in the player and let it play, took it out, put it back in...and it started from the beggining."
76561198027870321,Not Recommended,232430,10931639,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,The Pillsbury Paladin,Not worth the amount paid.
,Not Recommended,232430,10935798,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Cynyx,"Not a game, average story, very very short."
76561198055659266,Not Recommended,232430,10955708,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mercymae,Gone home is a interesting little game with little re-play ability. It is very short I beat it in just under two hours. I was lucky and bought it on sale. For the normal Pice tag i would not recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,232430,10956330,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Caarl ?,"Honestly when i saw this i thought that this is gonna be a hard challenging game with a good story where you can explore everything and maybe find something fun in the process. My reaction after i beat the game was like: This is game is extremely short, yes short, the writing and how the story is told is great, the developers could have take more advantage of this kind of gameplay and story. Also the money that you pay for this game is not enough.In my opinion this game was a very good idea but it was too short, not finished, and not worth its high price.I honestly was expecting a lot from this game, but didnt satisfy me at all."
76561198085510422,Not Recommended,232430,10959168,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,JordanNett,Not worth the cost no matter how cheap. Too short. Too little content.
,Not Recommended,232430,10959907,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jin,"Short, first run gave me a good 30 mins wondering and searching without any trouble, not much of puzzle solving involves. It is too obvious where things are and the hidden doors for those who had any room escaping game expirence. This game tried to get you into the story and ""deep thoughts"" of each characters from objects you picked up, but sadly cannot get any of my attention. Personally not recommended."
76561198005238665,Not Recommended,232430,10984271,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,aleksiv1,Totally not worth the money. I like the game but the lenght is way too short for the price. I regret buying this even though it was on sale for -80% price.
,Not Recommended,232430,10984286,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Archer Eclipse,"Could've been a good game, but isn't. The gameplay is likable enough, but it was too linear - literally, one clue led to the next led to the next...for about 2 hours. For a single-player, 20$ game there wasn't nearly enough content in the game - and the plot sucked. Really, there were too many loose ends. In the end, it comes off as trying to push a pro-homosexual agenda on me, the player. If I wanted that, I could just go to the library, or school, or any other public place. Very, very predictable plotline in a game style that emphasizes plot."
76561197967194577,Not Recommended,232430,10986369,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,biggz24,I can't believe I paid money for this.
,Not Recommended,232430,10991537,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Bdarka,Gone Home has an amazing premise. You arrive home one rainy night from a trip to find your family missing. The player must then search their humble abode trying to piece together the mystery. As you find things like your sister's secret diaries or your dad's porn collection one thing becomes clear: your family is fairly low on the priority list. Rather the tale of your sister's new-found sexuality is the main focus. This could be a wonderful social commentary if the writing didn't feel more like a 13 year old dreaming up lesbian fantasties than a woman truly finding herself. As the game draws to a close it becomes clearer and clearer that the mystery is a farce and the ending become anti-climatic. I would have loved to see this game with far more story to it rather than invading your sister's privacy
76561198116209691,Not Recommended,232430,10991825,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,brandon.wellington25,"This ""game""is a sham. 20 dollars is a rip off. This is 3 hours of my life i'll never get back and just a huge waste of time. It makes you believe theres something sinister at work here but only to find you're getting the run around for some stupid notes from a lesbian lover and then you do it for a little while and the end, your sister ran off with her gf and thats why she isnt home. Loved the 90s throw back feel but def not worth it. Oh the story is really shallow, cliche and boring. This game can be beaten in 20 min. I took my sweet time and only got a few hours out of it."
76561198030288551,Not Recommended,232430,11003678,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Speker3,"This game is good, the story and all. The price is the problem, im not paying that much for a 2 hour playthrough.  It's a good game but once you beat it the first time you can never replay it because you know everything that happened and where to go, it just kills the fun.  I bought this game on sale for 3$ and i still regret it."
76561198079058757,Not Recommended,232430,11026204,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,cptsockpuppet,"It's fun enough to waste some time with, but overall there is not much to it other than exploring the house and unraveling the clues. The mystery at least kept me engaged for a few hours, but the ending was actually rather disappointing. The story feels sort of incomplete. And if you get motion sick easily, avoid this game!"
,Not Recommended,232430,11340914,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,McNiiby,If you're looking for a scary interactive story game this isn't for you. Whole story goes on about the inner struggle of the main characters life and just wasn't what I thought the game was going to be. Other than that though the graphics were awesome and so was the audio.
76561198030490138,Not Recommended,232430,11397418,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,X0Azrael0X,Complete waste of money. Don't bother.
76561198056867148,Not Recommended,232430,11478793,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Laterose,"I would not describe gone home as a horror game and even a mystery game is pushing it. Although there is initial tension it quickly dissipates. Given the way the game throws you many leads I would have thought there may have been different consequences depending on what you pursued and maybe a different ending. Sadly this isn't the case.I spent most of my game time searching draws in an attempt to get as much out of it as possible. This did prove fruitful as I found things out about the minor plotlines that I would have otherwise missed. After about 15 minutes I was considering the possibility of it being more like Myst and prepared myself for some nice complicated puzzles. Unfortunately there were no puzzles!On a more positive note the game played flawlessly, it had nice graphics and the time era was well researched and presented. The storyline is good and would make an interesting book. However, this is not enough to make it a good game. If you would like a good story-telling experience then Gone Home is probably for you but consider that £15 is a lot of money to pay for what you are getting."
76561198097456174,Not Recommended,232430,11528256,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,BlazingZarix,Only took me 2 hours to complete. not worth it.
,Not Recommended,232430,11533156,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Hipst3rJesus,"This game was kind of a let down. I anticipated this to be a much scarier game then it was (and the way the music and everything set the game up to be just that). This game took me about 2 hours to complete because i took my time and read everything, but at the end I was still expecting something scary. Maybe it was my fault, but I felt like this game was a waste of time. i give it 2/5. If youre not looking for a scary game and youre looking for a cute little adventure/romance game 5/5."
76561198044027094,Not Recommended,232430,12018089,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,3vgen,"The most disappointing game I have ever played. All you do is walk around. No good story, no good gameplay, nothing.."
76561198042721313,Not Recommended,232430,13044346,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,RobBoss,"Pros:+ Very atmospheric+ Good voice acting+ Good graphicsCons:- Playtime is short- Lot of pointless exploration- Weak storyI'm not sure what this game was trying to be. It's not adventure. There are no puzzles. You literally walk around a big house during a storm looking for clues to retrace the steps of Samantha. It is very atmospheric and does a good job of providing a spooky mood. There are a lot of objects you can pick up and examine, but there are so many that don't help you progress that you'll find most of the time you spend in this game is picking up useless objects to examine them. I guess I would categorize this game as an exploration game more than anything. It's definitely not worth more than $5. I wouldn't buy it for anything more. Besides the atmosphere the whole experience felt meh. I'm not going to recommend this game simply as there are many better options out there for a cheaper price."
,Not Recommended,232430,7801082,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Doyle,"Ignore the reviews, this game sucks. The story is shallow as ♥♥♥♥. The idea is to piece together what happened to your family after you arrive and no one is there. After reading about 5 journal entries and♥♥♥♥♥♥ you can piece it together on your own. Only 5. I played it for about 20 minutes and found out what was happening. And it isn't something super epic or anything either, it is just some♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,232430,7933987,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,[LP] a dog tryn to catch da moon,"A passable story that introduces themes not common in games trapped in system shock 2 with no combat.I didn't like it at all, even if I didn't feel guilty playing it like I normally do with games."
76561198015462041,Not Recommended,232430,7979397,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Magnum PI,"Absolute ballsI was expecting something other than a point and click story about discovery of sexual preference and marital tension.I kept waiting for the engaging part of the ""game"" to occur and was sorely dissapointed.I played it all the way through (more fool me) thinking ""this cannot be all there is to the game, there must be more soon..."" and then it endedThis is not a game, you cannot impact or interact with the story in anyway at all, there are no choices or meaningful decisions to make.In short, it took the fast bus to sucktown"
,Not Recommended,232430,8313747,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,JonB,€20 for a 40 minute game with not much replay value. I've read better stories on the back of a penguin bar...
76561198042015124,Not Recommended,232430,8465048,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,OMGUKILLKENNY,"Good for what it is but nearly enough is given to justify the cost. I finished it in just over an hour and while I did find the story interesting the final imprestion I got at the end was a giant meh. That is until i realized I had spent $20 on it. I felt cheated at that point. This is not a game, it is an interactive story and as far as stories go there are books and movies that are longer, cheaper and better."
76561198025678887,Not Recommended,232430,8527402,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,seanpfitzgibbon,"I liked what was happening, when I could get the game to work.  On my Mac OSX the screen was badly cut off at the menu and the buttons to start the game or exit wouldn't work when I clicked them.  I installed it on a friend's pc running vista and it completely crashed his computer twice in 30 minutes,  Buyer beware"
,Not Recommended,232430,8537605,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,TheDevilDweller,"4/10 ~ Interesting narrative but... simply put... as it stands, Gone Home is boring. For it being a game, there is no enjoyment in it. Even if you are interested in the story, there is no end reward. I felt like i was just cheated. After reading so many positive reviews about the game i had to try it. I like the idea but, it was just simply... boring. It's very short too and (to me anyway) isn't worth the full price."
76561197983190864,Not Recommended,232430,8599785,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,gruevy,"I expected something a little creepier, given the premise, than a silly teenage lesbian romance. Did not enjoy."
,Not Recommended,232430,10771553,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Rot256,"Just as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay as Dear Esther, but a much ♥♥♥♥♥ier story, with a non existing plot and lack of clever story telling. Why the reviewers love this game I have no idea."
,Not Recommended,232430,10851836,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Günther Fell,"This is not a game, it's a story about a lesbian, That's it. Not worth any money at all."
76561197997862598,Not Recommended,232430,10952878,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,xtrabran,"This ""game"" is very short. There is no challenge or dificulty, just follow the trail from beginning to end. The layout and placement of items makes no sense in the context of the story. There are no characters and you dont do anything except except walk around reading papers and listening to ""journal entries.""The only good point is the humor."
76561197961836041,Not Recommended,232430,9445634,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Migo420,"Walk through house, listen to lesbian sob story. Be bored. Do not waste money on this."
,Not Recommended,232430,10953645,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,rmz,"I got it for a fiver and I have enjoyed it. Why I don't recommend it then? Stay a while and listen...Before I bought it I have read all of the this-is-a-game this-is-not-a-game debates. I like slow games where nothing happens. They are still games. After playing Gona Home for myself I would have to say it is not a game. It is an interactive story. Actually barely interactive. You walk around the house and uncover what happened to your sister while you were away, and why the house is empty when you arrive.To be honest I found the story pretty meh, think The Stanley Parable, but with teenage harlequin romance plot instead of ironic videogame'y stuff. The walking around the house uncovering clues about what happened to my character's family was pretty nice though.So, if you like walking around empty houses and reading things you should have some fun, hell I had. On the other hand I would not recommend it to the general public, or in simpler terms, if you expect a game... just give it a pass. And if you want to buy it, never ever buy it for the original price, it's 2-3 hrs at most, so €20 is a bit steep."
76561198031883464,Not Recommended,232430,10996084,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Moncom,"Although bought in sale - still waste of money and time.I grew up on classic adventures and IMHO this short story (and yes, it is not adventure but only narrated story) is boring and shallow.Start seemed to be interesting and mysterious but after two/three hours of ""gameplay"" it all ends in total dissapointment. Half of the game is just philosofical contemplation on adolescent (mainly sexual) problems.I want my money and time back..."
76561198024981266,Not Recommended,232430,11079125,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,dr venkman,"Don't buy this steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ $20, 1 hour, and no way to get your life back even if you only wasted one hour playing it end-to-end. Second, ths isn't a horror game."
,Not Recommended,232430,11385831,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,VIII,"Why is this game so expensive? I like the themes the story touches up on, I really do. But the mood forces me to not rush into rooms and explore with the incentive that something will jump out at me... When there's no one there. This is one of the few times that a game could be a better novel. The interactivity is almost pointless."
,Not Recommended,232430,12782171,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Brazilian Blindsnake,the amount of joy i have gotten from hating this game still wasnt worth the price of admission but it was enjoyable nonetheless
,Not Recommended,232430,8205566,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Lucathegreat,"Story isn't that bad, is narrated pretty well and the only voice actress is good, but overall it's hard to even consider this as a ""game"". The only thing you do is going around an empty house to collect a dozen of letters and books, and hear what happened to Sam. No puzzles, nothing else, a whole bunch of useless items to pick up since they don't have any purpose, that's it.Discovering the rest of the family side-stories are as interesting as reading logs or notes from a random character you never see in, like, ANY other game.It's 1,5-2 hours long, with no replayability whatsoever, so paying more than $2-3 for this is literally a legalized theft, supported by the press who makes player think this is a.. I can't even say it.. a ""GOTY"".The sole reason this game is praised is because of the politically correct theme it decided to handle, a theme that you can't un-praise, in a clever and somewhat slimy operation to gain easy consensus, thing proved by the fact that the developers tend to ban users and lock/delete threads who dare to move even the slightiest criticism on their ""perfect"" game."
,Not Recommended,232430,8340333,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Zachary,"Less than an hour in and I already essentially know the ending. Googling confirmed it. I do not want to post spoilers so I'll just say it's really shallow, with no twist. Your first assumption 10 minutes in is the right one and the game is under 2 hours long."
,Not Recommended,232430,10599271,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Rambo First Blunt,"This game sucks, do not buy. Do not buy. You have been warned. The story is sad and all, but you know what i didn't play a game to hear about some teen lesbian romance.  God this game sucks.  No controller support, can't rebind your keys.  Somehow i was able to finish it.   It isn't worth playing.  It is like Myst.  With teenage lesbian love.The picture made me think it was some sort of mystery game, possibly a scary game. IT is not, it is a teen drama about a girl who falls in love with another girl and THEY ARE OPRESSED. Jesus christ its the ♥♥♥♥ing 2015s ,  I'm more repressed than Gay People.You can't rebind you controls.The story is told to you by collecting notes,If you support the gay/lesbian thing, GREAT , i do too. Instead of buying this game donate money to your favoirte gay charity.    SERIOUSLY DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. Don't, do not encourage reviewers to give games passes because they don't want to be called a bigot.♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198031440865,Not Recommended,232430,10813933,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Terry,"In my opinion, not worth the time played... If I can call it ""played"". In the beginning it was creepy, the best part of it i guess, seemed like an horror game but then.. oh well there's nothing at all. Story all along about people you never get to see, some teenage witchcraft and girl love that just ends like, ""THIS IS THE END, BEAR WITH IT!"""
76561198011830419,Not Recommended,232430,10823709,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,DatPug,"A beautiful, heart-warming story far too short. While I thoroughly enjoyed (maybe even shed a tear for) this game and it's emotional and immersive environment and story, this is a piece of art - not a game, and that is the most unfortunate part of it."
76561198094497964,Not Recommended,232430,10846917,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Fade_Bannon,I was a good way to kill a couple of hours. It would have been way more awesome if they had added a fear element. The game stopped abruptly and was done. More of a search and find game than anyhting.
76561198048697578,Not Recommended,232430,8418869,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Forty,I've never made the tour of a game so freaking fast !?
,Not Recommended,232430,8558595,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,hoserama99,"This is more of an interactive story than a game, and so far I don't find the story particularly compelling. I am getting good at turning on lights and reading notes though.Edit: I've finished the game now, so let me add a few more comments. First, the game is very short - 90 minutes or so. You could probably stretch that out to 2 hours if you obsessively listen to every cassette tape, I guess.I can also see the game having perhaps a larger appeal if you were a teenager in the early 90s. Although I will say that even as a teenager in the late 80s, I'm surprised at the use of cassette tapes throughout the game vs. CDs.One final thing I forgot to mention - the Mac port appears to have technical issues. I saw black blobs throughout the game play. In fact, when I first launched it, all I got was a black screen and some music. I was only able to see the game after force-quitting and relaunching. YMMV, of course."
76561198006348428,Not Recommended,232430,9092172,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Jackhammer,"This game definitely took some chances. I'm afraid it didn't hit any of the spots.The game is ridiculously short. I finished it in 1.5h, and I searched every room in the house!!! You can actually finish this game in under 10 minutes if you just go straight to where is needed.... this is no bueno!!!Also, this game feels like there is no point to the plot. I mean ok, you go around looking for clues but you never actually find anything interesting other than the fact that your family is not there (which you already knew from the game's trailer!)I go this game for cheap so I don't complain much, but I don't it's worth more than 3-4 dollars. And if you were born in the mid 90's, do yourself a favor and don't get this game. Because most probably you won't get this game."
76561197985983635,Not Recommended,232430,9376013,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Okami,"This is not a gameFor all of you that are looking for an point&click-style adventure game, this is not what you want.Although advertized as an adventure, it is not an adventure game, but a minimal interactive adventure movie. Others have named it a walking simulator, which is kind of correct.I will not spoiler anything, but the only thing that you do is walking around the house, opening doors, picking-up things, reading notes and letters or other stuff and listening to some audio files.You don't have to combine anything (there are three ""puzzles"" in the game, which are not required to end the game), you don't need to pick and place something, no required decisions to make, no succesion where to go or what to see/read first.If you are looking for something like that, wrong ""game"". That's why I don't vote for this ""game"".What you ""experience"" in this - for lacking a proper word - ""software art work"" is a dive into some family story with a setting in the 1990s. In some way it is like a book story where you get a feeling about the individual characters, what happened to them and why they are doing what they are doing. However, there are no characters to see, only ego perspective, not even a mirror anywhere.If you are looking for a slightly interactive movie, a book story with visuals, that would be marked as a melodrama if it were a movie, then you fit right here.Now, this ""software"" is not bad. But it is not a game and definitely no adventure, which was what I was looking for.I admit I haven't read a lot of reviews before playing the game as it sounded quite interresting in the description. This is because I don't want to spolier the game experience for me. The game received high markings everywhere so I ventured it.As I was through (after not 3 hours), I only thought: ""That was all?"" A feeling of disappointment appeared, but I will not go into details.If this game was 10€ or less, I wouldn't have made this review, because then the ""experience"" would be ok, as it would be like a  novel. But for ~20€ it is too expensive for too less content.So this is my first review here. Never felt it necessary reviewing something, but with this I felt compelled to do so.(edit: added rating):1/10 (if that would be possible here)"
76561198001397717,Not Recommended,232430,10867950,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Cheez,Short...Glad I waited to grab it for 5.....They are laughing all the way to the bank.
,Not Recommended,232430,10895852,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,James,"Had some spooky moments, even had me on the edge of my chair, was leading up like it was going to have this big grand moment or ending and then just ended, with a crappy lame ending at that...I want my $5.00 back,, #notworth"
76561198039431355,Not Recommended,232430,10951569,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,cidster77,"Meh. I kept waiting for soemthing to happen and it never did. The end was very disappointing and I reached it in a few hours, so did my 11 year old son when he played it."
76561198069975974,Not Recommended,232430,10984221,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mannly Mann,"Good story, waste of time. Half an hour of gameplay. They should've just made this an independant short film instead of a game. 3/10"
76561198049942924,Not Recommended,232430,10987774,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,RocknRolla,"Game does a superb job of building up a creepy, even satisfying atmosphere.  I was very much into this game in the early going, but much akin to LOST, its a lot of suspense build up for absolutely no pay off.  Story fell through and left this game feeling flat.  I would've loved to have recommended this game, but after the finish, I'm forced to give it a 2/10.  Unfortunate."
76561198024088728,Not Recommended,232430,10993179,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,MrTokas,"A HUGE disappointment. I am a big fan of games that are heavy on story and light on gameplay like Dear Esther, Journey, Thomas Was Alone, To The Moon etc and thought I'd give this game a shot with it being on sale. Playing through the game and experiencing the ending, I couldnt help thinking ""Thats it?!?!?!?"", I felt duped out of 3 bux.My advice, look up the ending on Google, if it still appeals to you then by all means give it a try, at least you won't be under any false pretense of what the game really is; but don't expect a compelling or original story, its not to be found here."
,Not Recommended,232430,10906427,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Hupples,"-TL;DR- Spoiler FreeRating: 2/10It is barely a game, and there are better stories out there more worthy of your time and money.It is about two hours long.-TL;DR- Spoiler FreeActual Review-Objective- Spoiler FreeIn Gone Home you come home from a journey to Europe to find your family home empty. You then wander around the house picking up things trying to find those that trigger auditory journal entries from your younger sister or give clues to where other entry triggering items may be. There are also subplots about your mother and father which do not have auditory journal entries. After one to two (realtime) hours of searching the house you discover why your family is not present, the screen fades to black, music plays, and credits roll.-Objective- Spoiler Free-Subjective- SpoilersThe stories told in Gone Home are generic. They may seem unique to people who only play video games, but such stories have been told before, with superior presentation, and superior depth in other artistic mediums. The main story is focused on the player character's younger sister. PC's younger sister has a hard time making friends and gets in trouble with authority figures because of teenage angst. It is then revealed that the younger sister is a homosexual, and the rest of the story is about her romantic involvement with another teenage girl. PC's parents deny their daughter's homosexuality and ground her for a month and disallow her girlfriend being alone with her with closed doors afterwards. Naturally the younger sister dislikes this because she is unable to see her girlfriend for a month and afterwards they would not be able to have sex. Then younger sister and her girlfriend will have to break up because of reasons, but then because of feelings they decide to stay together and drive away together, which is why  neither of them are at home.The dad is a struggling author.The mom works in the forest.They have relationship problems and head to a couples retreat, which is why neither of them are home.Little sister's former male friend took his SNES back after finding out she is a lesbian, leaving PC with no games at all in the house. Thanks a lot, you jerk.-Subjective- Spoilers"
76561197966569386,Not Recommended,232430,11077123,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,hortzilla,"This game has a great narrative and characters which compel you to sympathize with the ""main"" character Sam throughout the entirety of the game. The game is well made, though it's an incredibly simple one for what it's worth. The ability to interact with almost any object in the game is a nice feature.However, the game (in my experience), is less than two hours long. The fact that a short story is being conveyed in a video game medium makes critics go wild for such a medicore experience for the player. Instead of being reviewed as a game, it's put on a wall in a frame right next to Warhol's and Rockwell's so they can ""ooh"" and ""aah"" at it, and themselves.There are developers who do interactive stories done right (Lucas Arts and TellTale come to mind), but for a $20 pricepoint, you'd be better off watching a Let's Play on YouTube rather than buying this interactive 3D model viewer."
,Not Recommended,232430,11538557,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,gumbie,"The ending is such a huge let down. It has a desent start but after youve spent your time completing it, you get a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ending that is very unfilling."
76561197989096039,Not Recommended,232430,8218502,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Just The Tip,"Definitely not for everyone, not just because it is a very different experience compared to many releases lately, but not everyone will agree with the subject matter neither. I was one of these people. And to reveal it would be a spoiler, so that's all I can really say about it. Other than that, it was a so so time waster for the sale price I paid, just very disappointed in certain content.For the price this game goes for, it just doesn't seem worth the 2 hours of ""gameplay"". In fact, even at the low sale price I still felt ripped off. No replay value whatsoever, and I took my time and still finished in a quick sitting.Not exactly the best thing for the average gamer to experience (being male and into violent games). I love trying new things every once in a while, but this is the first game I reviewed where I just couldn't recommend it.!!!!!!!SPOILER ALERT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This is a love story about a couple lesbians."
76561198041800486,Not Recommended,232430,8351852,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Tambo,THIS IS LITTERALLY A 2 HOUR LESBIAN LOVE STORY!!!!!! WHY THE FRIG DID I BUY THIS?!?!?! DO NOT BUY THIS IT ISNT EVEN A GAME!!! IT PROMISES GHOSTS AND IT TURNS OUT THAT THERE ISNT EVEN A GHOST AND THAT IN THE END IT WAS ALL ABOUT SOME TEENAGE LESBIAN AND HER LOVER GOING INTO THE MILITERY AND I CAN NOT BELIEVE I SPENT $5.00 ON THIS WHEN I COULD HAVE BOUGHT SOMTHING THAT DOESNT ♥♥♥♥IGN SUCK!!! I HOPE THAT THE DEVELOPERS OF THIS GAME DIE OF CANCER AND AIDS COMBINED!!!
,Not Recommended,232430,8522662,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,AugustVance,"Deciding whether or not to recommend this game was difficult, because part of me liked the game and wants to recommend it. But I have a lot of critiques.Gone Home was overall an enjoyable game, up until you reach the end. The gameplay is fun and the graphics are gorgeous, but the ending is inconclusive, and the entire game is pretty short. There were also some mildly disturbing things about the story that you find out as you play, but that can be an enjoyable thing, depending on your personal game preferences. It didn't really bother me, but I can see it bothering some.One thing I did like was the music; it didn't play often, but when it did, it was nice, and it fit the mood of the game.If you're not a patient person (I actually am a patient person so I'm just guessing here), I'd say this isn't the game for you. You really have to stop and read/examine EVERYTHING, and there are a lot of things to stop and read/examine.For me to recommend this game, it would have to be a bit longer, and the ending would have to resolve things somehow. An inconclusive ending in any game is enough to ruin the game for me.If you really want to get Gone Home, I'd recommend waiting until it goes on sale, because it's not worth the full price."
,Not Recommended,232430,8543725,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Lando Calrissian,"Game was dissapointing for me, I went in expecting some kind of murder mistery, or a ghost story, and got some dumb lesbian discovery story. Started  off good, had the enviorment right, but the revelation it was trying to make just came off as forced and lackluster. Everything in a good story has to meld together to get the full effectivness of the gaming medium. Starting off with a thunderstorm, a missing family, hidden passages, and talk of a ghost does not support the rest of the game.  Glad I got it on sale, not worth what I paid for it, and most certainly not worth 20 dollers."
,Not Recommended,232430,10736002,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,fatman907,"Well, it won't even start up for me.  No, I do not recommend this game"
76561197996095816,Recommended,232430,10795111,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Spudheds,"WoW, what an emotional rollercoaster! this game amazed me at what emotion it can stir inside you. This game is highly recomended by me."
,Recommended,232430,10795852,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,NarCoManceR,Very good game.
,Not Recommended,232430,10823364,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,UGotGlocked,"When I bought this game I originally thought: ""Oh cool! A horror game like Amnesia with a different story!! This will be ♥♥♥♥ing terrifying!""SPOILER! IT'S NOT SCARY AT ALL!!!!Without giving away any of the plot (and believe me, there isn't much more than this) the game is about coming home from college. Legit, that's all that happens. You get home from college and wander around your house.No twists, no turns, nothing. Buy Outlast or Betrayer instead. I regret wasting my money on this game."
76561198017540430,Not Recommended,232430,10946503,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DarkGamer1,"This game had potential, but it was way too short. I finished the game in one 3 hour sitting. I was hoping for more interaction. There was no explanation as to why the house was empty. Interesting idea, but no follow through."
,Recommended,232430,10970633,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,PastelSparkles,"I liked this game a lot but I think I liked it because I only got it for $5 on sale and I think I would only recommend it at that price.I don't enjoy horror games but my brother said he loved this so I gave it a go. At the start it sets it up to be a haunted house type of situation and so the whole time I was playing (total game play is like 1.5 hours if you look at everything) I was cringing and waiting for something to pop out at me. I was cringing all the way to the end.There was only one part where it is actually like a haunted house and that is just an easter egg down a passageway.Despite the lack of actual horror, I did enjoy this game although I'm not sure that I would have enjoyed it so much if I had known that there was no scary parts. Even right at the end I was waiting to see if anything would happen but yeah nothing scary really happens.I liked finding out what happens to your sister and I like learning about this family and caring about where they are and finding a condom in your dad's draw and actually going 'ew' like you would if you really found that at home.So, if you like short games at a pretty g price then you might like this. I like that its set in the 90s."
,Not Recommended,232430,11013391,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ruddias,"This ""game"" isnt really so much a game but an interactive novel. And a shot novel as well. It's a pretty interesting walking simulator, but thats about it. It's also pretty slow paced, it definately fits a niche crowd. If its on sale I would recommend it, but at $20 its theft."
,Not Recommended,232430,9339909,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,sundaeflower,"While I can commend the developers for trying something newish, factors like the initial price, time spent playing and the lack of replayability pretty much shoot Gone Home in the foot. Unless you enjoy developer diaries there's no reason to go back to this game and I for one felt ripped off after I was done. If you must get it, get it the next time it goes on sale."
76561197970857814,Not Recommended,232430,9393736,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,structuredmayhem,"Not a lot of fun.  I spent most of my time trying to fight the poor object interaction system.  I had cases where I was prompted to open a door when I was pointed at the table seveal feet away, and asked to pick up one old trophy WHILE I WAS FACING THE OTHER!But my worst two experiences with this system:1. Dealing with the frustration of opening a junk drawer, being prompted to read the itenerary contained inside only momentatily (went away as the drawer opened), and then never being able to actually read the itenerary while the drawer is fully opened.2. Being unable to pick up a key clearly markd as access to the attic.  Even crouching and zooming in did not activate the interation dialog."
,Not Recommended,232430,9445978,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,CaptainSnaggle,"This Game Was Very Misleading. Like the whole game you're wondering what could be the ending and i   got to the ending and Wow. I was really disappointed i was expecting it to be like a dead body at the end or a ghost at the end or something but no it was a love story. Its not worth 20$ i feel sorry for the people who got this game for 20 bucks. i am glad that i got it while it was on sale. but anyways the game is not worth it, A game thats worth your time is Serena. A good love story, AND for Spoilers Theres a plot twist in the end that shocked me. + ITS FREE where can you go wrong with that? this game gets a 4\10"
76561198025867862,Not Recommended,232430,9612741,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,TouchFuzzy,"Gone Home combines the excitement of wading through molasses with the fun of reading your family's mail. Turning on every light and faucet, throwing every identical drinking glass and empty binder in the hall, and listening to every awful cassette tape and journal entry will take you about as much time as a trip to the movie theater, and for only double the cost."
,Not Recommended,232430,11021751,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Athlos,"Critically-acclaimed Gone Home is... kinda crappy. It's a decent story you slowly uncover while you explore a creepy mansion. No gameplay mechanics, not really any puzzles, it's just going through a relatively simple coming of age story. The world is built very well, the atmosphere is good, the engine doesn't run well. It does feel like it gains a little something by being a videogame and not a film, but still... go for the film, unless you find this one super-cheap."
,Not Recommended,232430,11025779,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,passTheJack,"I do not know why I played this game through. Provides you with a lot of expectations, ultimately poops on your face."
76561197995732762,Not Recommended,232430,8396305,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,vort1,Quick cash-grab with dull and cliche-filled story that goes in hand with meaningless 'artsy' walking simulators like Dear Esther. At least the latter has nice graphics that justify its existence as screenshot gallery source while Gone Home has nothing to it except for amateurish retelling of Shakespeare with homosexual flavour added in just to be a story that touches 'taboo' theme.
,Not Recommended,232430,8440974,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Spinal Tap,"Bought on sale for $10, really only worth $2. It's a short trip through a house, guided by a weak story and minimal gameplay. I kept expecting for something to happen, yet nothing does. Did manage to fap to it though, so that's a plus."
,Not Recommended,232430,10777352,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,thebaconfarmer,Why.  I blame myself for not knowing what I was getting into.
76561198089252408,Not Recommended,232430,10788196,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Tiffy_Princess,"Normally, I don't mind short games but, this was just way too disappointing."
,Not Recommended,232430,8477169,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,seriesx10,What is that? Obviously not a game! You walk through house with worst GFX last 20 years and read letters??!!! Maybe would be more interesting as text adventure?
,Not Recommended,232430,8546899,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Erimore Whistleblade,"Played this ""game"" through in about 2 hours time.  It was more of a ""discover the story"" with vioce overlays and music.  There are options to turn off the interactive points, but they are pretty obvious anyway.  It looked cool, but played much too fast for me to recommend it."
,Not Recommended,232430,9094370,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Lubricant Piano,Tumblr/10
,Not Recommended,232430,9103789,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,DagerHappens,"POSITIVEI went into this game without reading any reviews, description, or articles. All I saw on IGN one day was a headline stating that how well this game has done. So I bought it.This adventure game is kind of creepy at first. The creators made the ambiance just right to where if a jump scare came at me, I would have screamed like a little girl. It turns out that this game is more of a mystery than anything. I do enjoy a good mystery!NEGATIVEPlayed it all the way to the end...I was expecting to be ambushed by aliens or a murderer, instead I was ambushed by the feels. This game turned out to be an emotional novel brought to life through video game.CONCLUSIONI do not recommend this game if you are looking for an adventure. This is more for the person who is wanting a game that can pull the emotions out of you and not stress you out. Also, not for someone who has conservative beliefs."
,Not Recommended,232430,9402075,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Mr. BackLog,"Absolutely wasted potential.  It tells a decent enough story, but that's all it is.  Even then, the story isn't *that* great.  If you want to walk around an environment and be told a story, this is for you.  By the time you've taken the effort to find everything you possibly can, however, there will be nothing left to do."
,Not Recommended,232430,9445599,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Jigsawed,"The sounds, thunder, lightning, ghosty stuff had me crapping myself for most of the game.  This was the main highlight, and I wish SOMETHING came of it.  I really enjoyed popping in the audio in all the rooms that had it available, so I could listen while I searched.  The nostalgia from the 1990's and for being a kid again from all the notes really made me happy too.  This is the extent of the highlights; no replay value, wouldn't recommend."
,Not Recommended,232430,9490254,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Sabred,"After reading a bunch of reviews on how ""Gone Home"" revolutionises storytelling in gaming, and how it's a deep, rewarding and emotionally rich experience, I decided to give it a spin. What I came across instead was a voyuer's romp through a family home (albeit a well fleshed out retro one), pixel hunting for clues to a story that could be summed up as a hipster's wet dream.Call me immature, but my character's right click farts in South Park, were far more entertaining and emotionally engaging than my entire run in Gone Home, which I pretty much finished in under an hour.Avoid, and try something along the lines of ""Papers please"" to get your alt gaming fix."
,Recommended,232430,12987256,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Norman Reedus,"I wouldn't call this a game, its more of an experenice, a fantastic expereince 10/10"
76561198056145089,Not Recommended,232430,8030439,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,cheshire_mouse,"It is not a game at all... it's something like an interactive book. No challenge, no puzzles, simple story. This worth 3$, not more. If developers think, that story about two <SPOILER> makes an excelent game out of a garbage, they are definitely wrong."
,Not Recommended,232430,8179038,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,stevonidas,"It's obvious to any intelligent gamer that, upon completing the story, that this game only received the high scores and praise it has because there are biased, liberal reviewers out there who are desperate for something, ANYTHING gay-related to be seen as a success in the games industry.The story has no twists, is full of clichés, and ultimately comes to an unsatisfying, anti-climactic ending. The rest of the adventure is littered with red herrings and Chekov's guns that serve only to distract you from beating the game in 20 minutes or less. The graphics, particularly the lighting and textures, are inexcusably bad for a game made exclusively for PC rather than a console port. The menu controls are laggy and imprecise when using an Xbox 360 controller to play the game. The only enjoyable part of this adventure is the 90's nostalgia, which will go unappreciated by anyone under the age of 30.Save your money. This isn't even worth a during a Steam sale at ANY price.2/10."
,Not Recommended,232430,8277800,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Akiba秋葉,"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME! I have warned you. Many people with me included can't launch the game yet. Whenever we launch it the game goes on an infinite black screen loading where you have to end the process in order to go on with your life. This problem has been there since the release date and the developers didn't care to do anything about it.If you think I'm lying check the steam forums for this error, no one to this date got it fixed. What a waste of $20 that this game wouldn't deserve even if it launched."
,Not Recommended,232430,8316199,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Carpe Deez Nuts,"This is wayy too much money for such a short game, even on sale. The atmosphere is fantastic. I hoped to get spooked a few times, but never did. Some puzzles to solve would help this game out a ton."
,Not Recommended,232430,10933943,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Edi-Hr,Gone Lezbian
,Not Recommended,232430,10941258,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jaco,"Dont let the game fool you as being some kind of haunted mansion ghost game because its not.. I spent the entire game searching through rooms looking for stuff in drawers, under pillows, and on desks  just to find out every one buggered off and basically forgot you were coming home or something..Best ""I Cant Find My keys\Neglected Daughter"" simulator 10/10"
,Not Recommended,232430,11221280,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,oTTer,Extremely boring story which turns out to be about nothing. The gameplay is slowpaced and boring.
76561198051311363,Not Recommended,232430,8500005,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ollegal,"Some good features but marred by technical problems. I liked the idea of this game, being a fan of the 'problem-solving' of puzzles and narrative style games rather than the adrenalin-packed fps type games which I dont have the dexterity or reactions to fully enjoy. I liked finding clues to the mystery and pieces of the story around the house, however got a little bored of picking up useless items like folders, pens, and etc.The random problems with the start-up (not fixed by posted solutions on the technical forum) were a total pain, I dont know if I will actually get to the end of this one. For this reason I would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,232430,9511451,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Coffee,Not a game.
,Recommended,232430,28196383,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,spencercarlin,I've never been so emotionally involved in a PC game in my life. 10/10. I want everyone I know to play this game.
,Recommended,232430,35488317,Posted: 5 October,all,Homersimp,I love this game.
,Recommended,232430,29025048,Posted: 4 January,all,"2,4-DNPH",A very touching story.You are yourself.You are free. Totally.
,Not Recommended,232430,25336329,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Saman,"You are able to predict the ending of the game whithin the first 5 minutes of exploring. It's kind of cute hearing about how your sister falls in love, but I wish I didnt spend two hours doing it."
,Recommended,232430,34939857,Posted: 13 September,all,KevLarsen0,"A very rewarding exploration game.  You arrive at your parents' house after traveling in Europe, and have to figure out why noone is home.  It lasted me 3 hours of gameplay, but I learned a lot about the house and the people in it.  Very rewarding storyline."
,Not Recommended,232430,8049006,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,King Crimson,"Pretentious boring crap selling for a ridiculous price. Am I supposed to care about this? It's barely a game, I've played visual novels with more gameplay than this.I bought this at the Steam Autumn sale and still feel ripped off.Avoid avoid avoid."
,Recommended,232430,12994892,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,seels,"I got this game when it was on sale for $4.99 and I'd definitely recommend it at that price; had I bought it at $20, I'd probably feel a little less thumbs uppy. So this is a recommendation with an asterisk.I appreciate the way it creates tension by playing with our expectations of waiting for the worst. Whether or not that worst does end up coming...A long game does not necessarily equal a good game, of course, and this one definitely doesn't overstay its welcome. You're not buying this one for 80 hours of emergent gameplay and sidequests aplenty; you're buying it for the atmosphere, for the slice of 1995 life it presents, for the resonant story it tells. And in those categories, it succeeds."
,Recommended,232430,18742438,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Knickerweasels,Played this and now I'm gay
,Recommended,232430,7800768,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,King Grimroc,"I’m sure by now you have heard of a little indie title called “Gone Home”. When it came out, it become the talk of forums for 1 reason. That reason being how well it was liked by critics, despite looking to be bland as hell. It was the butt of many jokes from there on. Some called it hipster garbage. Some said it was pretentious trash. Others ridiculed it for its short length. Yeah, we’ve all heard. Not many of these guys have actually sat down and given it a chance beyond the hearsay and descriptions of the game.I am not going to lie and say I was not on the same bandwagon. I was. But I decided to give the game a little whirl when it hit a flash deal for $4.99 on Steam’s autumn sale. Well, here’s my little ditty of a review…Gone Home begins with the eldest daughter of a small family coming home from abroad to find her house empty. Mom and dad are not home. Something smells afoul in this home. So now we’re on for a good mystery!Not quite…Gone Home is not the typical fun adventure exploration game you might think when looking at screens. It’s quite different. This would be closer in comparison to a game like Dear Esther. But much less symbolism and metaphors than you would ever hope to find in a game like this. There is no deciphering of messages. It’s all there, and it is thick. What makes Gone Home so special for each person is probably going to be different. For some it may very well be the story. A story full of spoken dialogue from a journal of the younger sister. And also smaller stories about the parents. But nobody every talks about the parents in other reviews! I found their story to be quite real. I’m glad this was not just about the sister. In any event, the story was not what I liked the most. For me, that had to be…The set-piece. The house and everything in it had to be the star of the game. It’s a decent sized house. Lots of rooms. A few hidden corridors here and there. Lots of things in each room to explore. And a big nostalgia trip, for me at least. Being a teenager for the better part of the 90’s, this really hit home. The VHS tapes with names scribbled on the labels. The SNES carts (though no real games). And well, I won’t go into specifics. You’ll just need to see for yourself. I’d say anyone who was not a teenager or adult in the 90’s may not appreciate this, as it is more of a reflection on our lives, and not your own.My only complaint about the game is that it is yes, very short. And also I would have loved to be able to click on and read more of the things that lay about. Especially newspaper articles. And while we have licensed music, and licensed movie titles, everything else in the game has made up titles, like on food for example. Was still kind of cool how authentic some of the cans and boxes of cereal looked. Like any typical store brand product.In any event, at the $19.99 price tag may seem a bit steep, given how short the game is. But for the $4.99 I spent, it was a decent investment. Speaking of which, at the time of writing this review, it is indeed on sale for that price. For a few more hours at least!I'm going to leave this a thumbs up, despite the price. Because it is not really a bad game."
,Recommended,232430,13611301,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ultro,"Very short, but atmospheric and emotional game. Original, cute, cosy and sincere. Lacking in gameplay department, but overall an enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,232430,11075767,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Pakkidis,"Rating 7/10Status: Good but not at full priceWhat is it?First person explorationThe Good:+ The games main strength is that you explore a mansion finding letters, objects and diaries as you peice together a story unfolding.+ The story itself touches on things not often if not rarely heard in games which is refreshing+ Great voice acting and writing+ Good graphics and atmosphereThe Bad:- Sadly the only thing the game has is its exploration, no puzzles, nothing, just exploration, this wouldn't be bad per se however the game is short, really short, I completed it roughly 1 hour and 30 minutes. If the story doesn't interest you than you will really loose interest in the game because thats all its got. I however enjoyed it.-zero replaybility (unless you want to hear the story over again)ConclusionIts a fun diversion but I would feel really ripped off if I paid full price for it. Anything under $5 is a good deal."
,Recommended,232430,23440170,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,*Dramatic pause for effect*,"No joke, the ending gave me chills. Didn't even skip through the credits, I was so moved I just let them roll... S&L forever <3"
,Not Recommended,232430,9058607,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Demadizzle,Story - Meh.Length - Way too short!Gameplay - Dark and gloomy point and click adventure with an eerie overtoneOverall - Too expensive for value of gameplay/story
,Recommended,232430,11219462,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,SeaPig,"This review has been modified from the original, which can be foundhereThe Fullbright team went above and beyond making the house and its occupants come alive even though no one is at home. It’s like the house takes on the personality of each of its inhabitants, weaving an immersive, intricate story that is also interactive. I almost felt bad rummaging through belongings because the developers do such a great job of conveying the intimacy of a person’s living space. Like a real home, everyone has their own private living space. The library, office, and bar belong to the father while the mom has her greenhouse and kitchen. Oscar, the deceased uncle, still haunts the basement with his possessions, while Sam inhabits the upper rooms. Surprisingly, while the parents stay within their respective areas, Sam overtakes the whole house, laying claim to rooms that aren’t even hers.  This in of itself speaks volumes about Sam.There are an array of items that delve into each family member’s personalities, relationships, and struggles while adding layers of complexity to their decisions and coping mechanisms, particularly for the dad and Sam.As far as game mechanics go, Gone Home is not a puzzle exploration game. It is still a game, nonetheless. It’s a simple point-and-click  interaction with the surrounding environment in order to better understand the people in the house and where they have gone. I don’t believe Fullbright’s intention for the game was for people to focus on solving a puzzle. It’s designed to be an artistic, interactive platform for exploring young love and the human condition of one family, and in that, they excelled. This requires patience and a personal investment on the part of the gamer with Kate’s family.Understandably, this type of game is not for everyone. If you go into it perceiving it to be a horror/puzzle themed game (or have certain disdain for love stories) then it will fall short of your expectations. If you’re a person who doesn’t have the patience to thoroughly search a house for clues, and desire more of an action-packed rush, then this game is probably not for you. Likewise, if you are a person that needs resolution at the end of your games, then you may want to skip on buying this one because you’ll be left disappointed.Personally, I think the game is incredible. I was floored by all the rich detail and love that the Fullbright team poured into it. While the mechanics of Gone Home are not meant to be difficult or complex, the game itself challenges you to identify and empathize with the family – perhaps even relate to them.The only significant drawback to the game is that it is insanely short. It took me two hours to complete it, and once the story concludes, there isn’t any replay value to it. It is still worth playing through once, however, because it is an amazing rendering of a family trying to find its identity. If the price of the game versus the amount of total playing hours concerns you, wait for it to go on sale in order to justify the cost."
,Recommended,232430,14753425,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,nifboy,"The fundamental problem with reviewing Gone Home is that, for this game to have its maximum effect, you have to start playing with barely any idea what the game is about. If you know the game is literally nothing but walking around a big empty house with a narrative voiceover and a bunch of objects littering the place, the game loses a lot of its impact.If you go in wondering if you've picked up a survival horror game or not, Gone Home is much more effective at giving you that ""haunted house"" feel for the first half-hour or so. Otherwise the house is just empty, dark, and kind of annoying to navigate. At that point the game either lives or dies on the strength of its plot, and while the main story is straightforward and weak, the side-stories are better at encouraging you to actively think about what's going on with the characters and their futures.Ultimately I think Gone Home rewards curious sorts willing to engage the game on its own terms. A curiosity, if you will."
76561198018234866,Recommended,232430,10940911,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Asari Bartender,Really good game. A+ 10/10. Would emotionally destroy myself with it again
,Recommended,232430,14705145,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,benwhoski,"An enjoyable exploration story game. Be aware that it's mostly a love story, so if that's not your thing, you may want to skip it. It's short, so the regular price tag may be a bit off-putting to a lot of players. The environment looks good and while you can't interact with _everything_, you can interact with quite a lot of it.Also, I can't say I didn't enjoy the 90's nostalgia."
,Recommended,232430,12990949,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Mainsail,"Gone Home is a very interesting game, in which you explore a house to disover its secrets and the story of the people who live there. In this game you will not shoot a gun, or drive a vehicle, you can't even run! However, you can view each item, look at it closely, read notes that will help you get through the house: and this makes it seem real. As you walk through this house, you will learn the story of Sam, and it is an interesting, very well narrated one. The game is very short (can be completed in under 2 hrs), but is definitely worth buying, even though I recommend waiting for a discount because 20€ is a little expensive for 2 hours of gameplay."
76561198166760987,Recommended,232430,13666687,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ultimatequeenb,seemed pretty scary I was constantly waiting for the jumps. I loved the story behind it. Loved how you could intertact with everything.Nice short little game.
76561198053316353,Recommended,232430,12728073,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Snow,"This was brilliant. Amazing story. I was crying my eyes out at the end. Definately worth playing. But wait till it goes on special, $20 is a little too much to ask for this."
,Not Recommended,232430,12849758,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,smh fam,"I want to be objective but this game is just crap. I paid nearly six bucks for this game and even at that price I feel as if I have been scammed...smh...Please classify if you are selling a game or some weird newage artform.game/ɡām/nounnoun: game; plural noun: games1.a form of play or sport, especially a competitive one played according to rules and decided by skill, strength, or luck."
,Not Recommended,232430,12807828,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,jenyoseph,"I'm pretty sure this shouldn't even be classified as a game.No challenge. No point. No entertainment. No satisfaction.More chore than fun. Luckily, it was only an hour or two of gameplay.Did like the 90s nods, though!"
76561198078833617,Not Recommended,232430,22659612,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Minna,"As I love this type of game, I had hopes for this one. It just felt flat. The story isn't compelling. I got really bored after about  50 min of play and I am pretty sorry I spent the money."
,Recommended,232430,7820598,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,zkylon,it never becomes pretentious and drags you personally into topics games are uncomfortable with. it's greatalso that 90s aesthetic is adorable
,Recommended,232430,12989804,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Sleeper of R'lyeh,"Let's start with the obvious drawback that has everyone balking : This exploration game is extremely short. I finished it in little less than two hours - and I took my time reading everything, listening to audio tapes, the works.Is it worth its price ? In my opinion, yes. 20 bucks is something you could pay for a Blu-ray, and that's exactly what this game is term of gameplay : an interactive movie.Not an action movie packed with cinematics, though - the entire game is spent walking around the house, discovering secrets, picking clues, and hearing the voice of your sister (the voice acting is spot on, by the way) telling you what happened with her during your absence. Plus some other side stories - your sister isn't the only one with a story, though hers is the most developed.All of this contribute to make you feel engaged about the characters - you want to know how the story end. That's the whole point.And that's the problem with this game, like all story-driven games. It's pretty much hit or miss : either you like the story or you don't.SO - if you like a well-delivered love story, with excellent acting and character developement, then go for it. You're going to love it. Otherwise, don't bother."
,Not Recommended,232430,12619542,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,dB,Was promised lesbians but never saw any.1/10
,Not Recommended,232430,12712346,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,weenie,"This game is incredibly short. I wouldn't recommend getting it for any price above $5.The story is ok, but you catch on to what it's building up to about 20 minutes in. I kept playing hoping there would be something more to it if I just stuck it out, but nothing fresh or interesting ever came to be."
,Recommended,232430,12946319,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,nianowen,"Excellent storytelling in a point-and-click adventure format... I was incredibly surprised by this game, and the fact that it was not -- at all -- what I thought it would be. It was way, way better."
,Recommended,232430,13007288,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Bloonface,"It's a good game, visually beautiful and the story was excellent, although it is quite short and I don't think the length of gameplay or depth of content justified the £15 purchase price. I'd recommend it, when the price comes down."
76561198003064128,Recommended,232430,13667079,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Adyfish30,Really enjoyed this interactive story. This reminded me of the DLC for The Last of Us - it was clear Naughty Dog were heavbily inspired by Gone Home. I recommend this game for anyone who enjoys an intriuging story.
,Recommended,232430,13225605,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Hox,"Not as much a game as a play that unfolds at your pace depending upon how you interact with the items in the environment. You learn the story of the Greenbriar family through what you read and see in their home upon your arrival. Definitely an interesting piece, although don't expect action or much interactivity, as you mostly experience the setting passively.I recommend it for anyone willing to invest as much time and money on a piece of narrative software as they would a motion picture at a theater."
,Recommended,232430,14692675,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,clint,"A good game if you're the patient type with a knack for detective work. It's been a novel approach back then and it's good enough to earn a recommedation.It suffers from a few flaws, though. One might even spoil the whole game for you just after a few minutes of playing. Unfortunately warning the reader about it, would just make matters worse.Anyway, not the game you'll replay over and over, but you'll find decent entertainmet for 3-5 hours."
,Not Recommended,232430,14091194,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Cool Ranch,SJW walking around a house simulator 2013
76561198073627784,Not Recommended,232430,29360306,Posted: 19 January,all,brotza,"this is not a game. you are paying 20 dollars for a pretentious. angsty, teenage lesbian story. stop using tumblr and make something of your life"
,Recommended,232430,17556592,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,BigBadDuran,"One of the best games I've ever played. The story was done very very well, and as minimalist as the gameplay was I ended up playing it through twice and finding all of the secrets. It has a phenominal atmosphere and really captures the mid 90s.I love it so much and I want more"
76561197983820489,Not Recommended,232430,12657597,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,The FullMetal Alchemist,My account got hacked i did not buy this Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game and now steam wont help me.
,Not Recommended,232430,12945555,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,akarik77,"The sense of mystery is very intriguing at the beginning but it quickly becomes obvious as to what is going on. The house isn't particularly fun to explore, the story is weak and it just didn't move me emotionally at all. Interesting presentation of the idea, and I'm not concerned about any arguments as to whether it's a game or not but I don't think the hour or two you get is worth the money."
76561198042748656,Not Recommended,232430,12718103,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,justanotherdayattheoffice,"I'm a huge adventure game fan, so I liked the aspects of discovering the story along the way. I also appreciated the attention to detail and the human aspect to the storyline. Unfortunately, I had to rate this not recommended because of the price tag: $20 is way too steep for what you get in this game. Recommended for $5 or less!"
,Not Recommended,232430,12652747,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,OOPman,"Unoptimized trash. Had to pirate the game to finally get working, all for two hours of a 90's nostalgia trip. The story is toned to be heartwrenching and deep, but Scratches (More of a better game and story than this) had a more immersive story than this ever had and its almost a decade older. Absolutely not worthy of the masterpiece as what many reviewers would have you believe. Buy something actually fun to play."
76561198023354483,Not Recommended,232430,12940407,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,OrlandoBrett,"This has to be one of the worst games ever produced. I don't disagree with the messege this game was trying to communicate. The core of the game is just a basic adventure game which doesn't do anything new or revolutionary. The bottom line is this is NOT a fun game. Games should be fun in some sense; this is not. This is an extremely short game which I completed in about 4 hours. Many have completed this game quicker. For those that say they liked this game probably didn't really like this game, they just liked what the messege behind the game was. So for the messege. I would give it an 8/10. For the game itself, I give it a 2/10. Don't waste your money on this game, even when it is on sale. Even a dollar is too much for this so-called game."
,Recommended,232430,12960024,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ScarFox,"Would recommend but only if you enjoy indie games and like the idea of exploration in an empty house! But on the whole I think the story and how it unfolds is really well done, I was invested in the characters"
,Recommended,232430,12962475,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Zubon,"Good story. Worth the time, likely not worth the price unless you have a great sale or a bundle."
,Recommended,232430,13012263,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Posi,"Not a lot of games, movies, or books, have moved me as much as this game did. I ♥♥♥♥ing cried, multiple times.That being said, don't spend $20 on this game because it's not worth that much. I spent $5 and I felt validated in that. Others have not felt the same.This is the first game that Fullbright has developed and published. Gone Home is not the greatest ""game,"" but I think that with their next project they will show a large improvement, given the flak they've gotten. I'd like to believe that they now understand that gameplay does not have to be sacrificed in order to have a strong, rich story.Just look at some of Telltale's games, they're certainly not the most challenging games, yet they're more than just point-and-click, and the storylines still have good arcs and some depth to them. Furthermore, before The Walking Dead their previous releases were terrible but they kept at it. Fullbright has the opportunity to take all of the media attention they were given from this ""experiment,"" to step back and figure out a formula that makes their stories fun, worthwhile, and eventful."
76561198012931704,Recommended,232430,13289441,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Wolvenfire86,"A masterpiece!Creepy, though I wouldn't have minded if they amped the fear up a bit. I was waiting for a scene where the power goes out.Surprisingly magnificent story…or at the very least one that tugs at your heart strings enough for you to care about the little details. Without ever seeing a person (or even your own reflection for that matter), you know the characters involved with the story and feel their emotions as you play.Great graphics, attention to detail.My only “complaint” is that it is criminally short. It doesn’t overstay its welcome, which is good, but for $20 I expected something with more playtime.It also….well, I can’t say any more good or bad things without spoilers. But if you like stories, and if you like atmosphere, you will most likely love this game. I did!"
,Recommended,232430,11351825,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,leshge,"An Amazing Way to Tell a Great StoryGone Homeis a game that is completely focussed on the narrative. The game does not contain complex 3D models or many animations. It is not even hard to finish. However it contains an amazing story, that takes the player on an emotional ride over three to four hours and is told in a different way than other games.Rating: 5/5"
76561198030738767,Recommended,232430,17641893,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,SuboBuckaroo,"I can see how people at different points in their lives can have different reactions to this title. For me I was 13 in 1995, so the music, setting, atmosphere it was all dead-on. Whether that was xfiles in the tv guide, the couples retreat pamplet you'd see advertised, the music from weezer to the misfits, or just the nature of the home phone and ansering machine; and for me all of these small components came with memories of losing innocence and discovering new aspects in life. Now at 33 I have a bit of a jaded outlook; too much past to look back at for reference on how to handle the future and none of it contains what it felt like to truly like someone for the first time. This game specifically reminded me of my teenage self and how I used to think, and for that reason I can only say that this game for me, at age 33, was absolutely perfect."
76561198035126630,Not Recommended,232430,23517548,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Spoderman,Overrated and a really lame plot.
76561198116854324,Recommended,232430,12957493,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Foots,"Let's get this out of the way: Gone Home isn't worth $20. That's the cost of 3 to 4 very good books containing 3 to 4 very good stories--the primary element that Gone Home utilizes to drive its appeal. This interactive story is, however, well worth the $5 I paid for it.If you like shooting or antagonists or running or violence, this won't be a good purchase for you. In fact, I actually turned to Gone Home in my hiatus from Borderlands; I wanted to think hard about subtle details, to read between their lines and discern truths about life through them.My favorite element of Gone Home is that every questions IS answered, despite what other reviewers have written. If you take the time to find the answers to the questions, it's abundantly clear where Katie's parents are, where her sister is, why she's in a strange mansion, why the lights sometimes flicker, and why it is June 7th, 1995. There's an intricate story arc--all details worked out--that runs behind most of the trinkets Katie picks up, and it's the players' challenge and pleasure to identify it.In short, people who don't enjoy Gone Home aren't looking to sort through the details of the game, and I dare say that it is impossible to really complete this story in less than 2 hours. Maybe someone much more clever than I could exhaust it 2, whereas I spent nearly 4 in my leisurely enjoyment of the experience. I'm glad I bought Gone Home rather than a Wendy's burger or a pack of cigarettes."
76561198001823756,Recommended,232430,14299756,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,°F451,"Whilst people are obviously entitled to their opinions and call this game a walking simulator, I would have to firmly disagree with them on this one. Personally I really enjoyed the creepy house and the 90's settings, the way it set up a sense of foreboding that was perfectly apt in subverting expectations for the personal and moving story you eventually unravel.My main criticism if I had to give one, would be that I wish there was more interactivity in the way you piece together the puzzle of what had happened and I appreciate that if the story didn't grab you then you may be disappointed. For me however I felt like a detective creeping around an old mansion, trying to solve the mystery of its past (much like Fox Mulder and Dana Scully, as referenced in the X-Files videos found in one of the rooms). I liked the way it didn't always give you all the information, for all the stories, but just enough to read between the lines and work out the truths for yourself.I feel that whilst the game and its story might not be for everyone, it is certainly a refreshing look at gaming. It shows us the possibilities gaming has to expand the types of themes and ideas that it can offer insight and discussion on; the rational man with gun, things go boom approach (that we all still embrace and love) can only take us so far after all. Whilst I would not want every game to be like this, I feel that we can only gain by broadening the gaming medium to try different game play styles, embrace new (more complex) themes and appeal to new audiences, as only by doing this can our hobby develop a more nuanced world view that has legitimate things to say about the world we live in and the nature of the human condition and in doing so be considered art at more than a superficial level."
,Recommended,232430,11863391,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Voltemond,"There's a lot of hate on this game not actually being a ""game"".  So let me start by stating: If you're expecting a shoot-'em-up takeover halfway through you will be thoroughly disappointed.That said, for better or for worse, this game emulates an honest human experience.  You find yourself empathizing with the characters even though you can't physically see or interact with them.  This noted absence caters to a unique experience that breaks away from the character development you'd typically expect from a game.AND if you happen to be a ‘90s kid, it doesn't hurt that this game is generously sprinkled with nostalgic value.  ""Can Play Cassette Tape 11/10"" (Hurhurhurhurhur)There’s a very simple formula I would recommend going into this game:Embrace Your Humanity -> Receive Feels"
,Recommended,232430,7467902,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,KevinLongtime,Honestly I wasn't expecting a whole lot when I first started playing but once I started digging around examining stuff the story kind of pulls you in.The feels..ohh man the feels.
76561198015330213,Not Recommended,232430,24068792,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ThomasTebo,"I can't recommend this game. I bought it at the summer sale price so I don't feel cheated. Had I paid $20...oh hell yeah I would. I felt like the game had a lot of potential to be something special and ended up being little more than a public service announcment for the plight of misunderstood gay teens. So yeah, the story was weak and the ending was something scipted for the Hallmark Channel. Game mechanics were good. Atmosphere was on point and with all the supernatural undertones could have really kept you on the edge of your seat. Sadly, we ended our journey learning about 1. The reproductive system 2. Misunderstood youth and 3. Even bad authors have nice houses."
,Not Recommended,232430,14609613,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Redn❖ck,"This game is not what i expected from it.Think twice before buying, check video on Youtube or whatever. If u re over 25 (like I am) then u wont like this story. I dont like teenage stories, meh.Ofc its sort of fun to walk through this huuuge dark  house while rain is falling down outside, but this is  not a horror game in the end.Game is too expensive. I ve just played ""Serena"" (its free-to-play) and I rly liked it more.ru note: а как круто все начиналось-пустой дом, все куда-то делись, дом такой большой, ливень такой громкий, привидения, уууу. Но нет :("
,Recommended,232430,11352944,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,-=LCS=- nevermelt,Brilliant. Sexy. Tragic. Relaxing. Scary. Beautiful. One of the most solid titles I have ever played.
,Recommended,232430,8113016,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Futura&!,"You come home at 1:15 AM after a year away to a new family house you do not recognize. Of the three family members you expect to see, you find none. Doors are closed and lights are off. You begin your cautious search of this alien place. Among your first pieces of evidence are journal entries from your sister: apparently, your family has moved into this town's ""psycho house."" Your mind races to dark fantasies of poltergeists and serial killers. All of the clichés apply; it is a dark and stormy night.Gone Home gives us constant hints that, at any time, it's going to lay it on thick. However, The Fullbright Company's inaugural game is more interested in dismantling and repurposing these horror tropes than reveling in them. We expect a ""video game,"" broad and sensational; what we get is an emotional drama, affecting, sensitive, and satisfying – not to mention quietly ground-breaking for the medium of video games.Nestled within a familiar framework of extreme fiction is an intimate story focused instead on the dramatic of the everyday. You are Kaitlin Greenbriar, coming home from a year abroad to a house you find unfamiliar. Your family isn't there. Gone Home will have you asking, in the most common yet resonant sense, if they are OK.Gone Home pushes aside the exaggerated in favor of the real. It is not a game of thrills or reflexes, but that doesn't make it any less of an engrossing story experience. You will only experience as much as you find, but that is not to say that the story is hidden away – most of your family's things and thoughts are left in plain sight, though puzzle adventure game instincts will drive you to eventually leave no corner unexplored. However, as your thoroughness uncovers more guarded secrets and insecurities, you may come to feel that your roving eyes are piling on multiple counts of casual voyeurism. You may also feel ever more unable to rein in your curiosity. The various feelings you find laid bare in each successive tidbit, from humor to heartbreak, spur you on to find the next. The stories and characters are the driving force here, falling into place in a way that is nothing short of impressive. If you think of yourself as particularly empathetic, these emotional beats might make you feel as if you were discovering your own family.Throughout the game, you are never sure if you'll see another person in this empty house, but you will discover a full sense of the characters nevertheless. They are presences absent and missing from the house: not just ""offscreen."" You'll find your father's discarded drafts and the regular distractions he used to dispel his writer's block. You'll find your mother's attempts at artistic appreciation and creation that took her mind off of what she sees as a happy marriage becoming less so. But most of all, you'll find your sister – every aspect of her – as growing up a teenager tends to leave behind many rambling thoughts. It is clear that she questions who she is and what she's doing with her life, but amid the uncertainty is the core of a wonderful little sister who has grown a lot in the year you were away. Her mixtapes of cathartic and immediate riot grrrl singles are my absolute favorite of the family's artifacts.Human connection comes at a premium. The disconnected lives of our average, nuclear, suburban family have led to the conception of many modern horror stories and the clichés they represent. In a medium so commonly used as a delivery system for escapist fiction, it means very much that this small game has opted instead to tell us a down-to-earth story of love and its byproducts. Gone Home is about connection over separation, and the wonderful contradiction that is extraordinary love from ordinary circumstances. One can only hope that there will be more such stories to follow."
76561198062452046,Recommended,232430,17511315,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,popa910,"Wow.  One of the most interesting, bittersweet, heart-tugging stories in any of the videogames I've ever played.  If you enjoy story-based games, this is one of the better ones I've encountered."
,Recommended,232430,17637555,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Lady Fefa,"I played this game without knowing what was about and really suprised me. Not only the story but how you are oriented to gather all the pieces to come up with what is going on.It is a very short game but worth every minute (and dollars) that you will spent on it. It is not cliche or cheesy. Ok, maybe a little cheesy but still a really good story. Play it. Now. It is an order.If you are looking for a different gaming experience with original plot, this game is for you. But you need to like this kind of genre... which for me it is one of the best.I am serious, buy and play this game before you get some spoiler from someone."
,Recommended,232430,23018926,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Evaheist,"Can't say how I feel about this game. There are two conflicting parts in it for me that really make recommending this game hard for me:THE GOOD:The gameplay is probably one of the greatest representation of how a walking simulator should play. There's a huge mansion to walk around to your heart's content and interact with the objects in every room. The mansion feels lived-in and pretty detailed in all aspects. The graphics aren't TOO realistic but so much thought has been put in little details scattered throughout the house that it felt truly unique and rewarding to explore.Once you start exploring, you'll come across the story of the empty house and slowly but surely work your way up to the reasons why the house is empty when you arrive from your trip. This leads to the only negative aspect of the game.THE BAD:I swear I've read better lesbian fan fiction written by my 14-year-old niece than the stuff represented in here. The main character which is the primary focus of the story (who is also the main character's younger sister) is Sam. A punk-rock loving teen rebel who doesn't know the difference between the stains in her panties and the strawberry jam on her toast ....and thinks she's a lesbian because her parents probably didn't give her enough attention and the new highschool she's moved to doesn't regard her as a royal princess.So she does what most teens do when they feel they're under pressure: going gay (well, to give credit to some of the more creative ones, they could go bisexual).I don't know if this was a dark cautionary tale written by parents for parents with rebelious teens or by actual horny, shallow teens who want to express the diversity in probably the most woefully controversial and important subjects on the western youth's general mindset: sexuality... because that's the only freedom they feel they have.... I guess? I don't know whether to take the story seriously especially when it turns out to be a faulty, shallow and unexciting romance without a solid basis for a good story.To be honest, I don't care after Gone Home's ending because I feel exhausted after tagging along with the game which promises mysterious twists and turns and puts me in a very interesting environment for around 3 hours just to keep slapping me left and right with its ovaries and finally unload its full load of estrogen on my face.On the other hand, if you're into walking simulators or want to experience the interactive bliss which can be achieved through this genre, by all means check Gone Home out. The detailed environments and the general atmosphere was what pulled me towards finishing it.MARGINAL THUMBS UPOverrated."
76561198071641787,Recommended,232430,7965215,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,billsomething,Totally immersive and one of the moodiest atmospheres I've ever experienced in a game.  For gamers who like an engrossing story this one is complex enough to keep you thinking for a long time.
,Recommended,232430,18020201,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,blahhzz,"This game has the best story telling I have seen in a game to date. The atmosphere and mystery of the house add to the effect of learning about the life of your sister once you have Gone Home.I highly recomend this game to anyone who has ~3 hours to spend playing through a story. Remember this game is a story, not anything else."
76561198200975998,Not Recommended,232430,26301208,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,cdh,"I'm conflicted: I liked playing through this game/experience, and yet I still don't feel like I should recommend it with much enthusasm. 6.5/10 for me? Some people would probably like it a lot.I definitely found it compelling to learn about a family by looking at the different artifacts around their house. And it was ultimately interesting to learn why nobody was home. All this involved me going through and opening up every last drawer and cabinet in the house, which was occasionally boring but which was mostly interesting because how often do you get to snoop around a normal family's home like that in real life. The game also reminded me of the quaint old days when we used landlines and answering machines, which was fun.I think what bothered me was that things weren't realistic, which didn't actually bother me that much while playing the game, but which bothered me in retrospect. I was left with questions like: Why are there so many conveniently useful scraps of paper everywhere? Why am I spending all this time looking at background information I should already know (given that  I've lived with these people for years)? Even more so because right now the house is creeping me out a little. What about my sister's situation required her to be so drastic? It also seemed debateable whether it was a good storytelling choice to have my sister read her diary entries before I actually found her diary. (It probably made the story more compelling, but it's a bit lacking in temporal realism.)"
,Recommended,232430,16336035,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Dispari Scuro,"I was encouraged to play this game after playing and liking Life is Strange. I'll keep it short: this game made me cry, which I don't think a game has done to me before. It was really, really good, despite the shortness. I think it was just as long as it needed to be, and what we got was really beautiful. I'm new to the ""interactive story"" genre of video games, but I already love it a lot and I hope to see more games like this in the future.My only negative remark would be that I got the game on sale ($6.79) and I probably would not have picked it up for its original $19.99 price tag. I completed the game in 2 hours, so that's a little steep for the experience, which has no actual replayability. Price-wise I would try to compare it more to a movie than a game, and I can see a movie for $8-12. Pick this up on sale.10/10 if on sale."
76561198013140216,Not Recommended,232430,12463702,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,ImLovin'It,"I normally love these games, those story driven, immersive types. I wouldn't mind if it is too short or if it had no action. However I cannot recommend this game simply because... the story wasn't great... I mean I liked the atmosphere, i liked how it tried to reveal every little detail about the family members... except most of them aren't even remotely related to the story. After finishing the game, all it left me was emptiness... as empty as the house itself.If I should compare this game with something, I would compare it with these rickrolling videos on youtube... It present you an intriguing profile picture but once you click on the video..."
,Recommended,232430,13462231,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,inneedofnap,"I don't know what I paid for this, but it wasn't enough.  Sorry I can't say why it's so good, just free an afternoon/evening and enjoy this gem."
,Not Recommended,232430,12943599,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Paul,"I really wanted to like this game. Once I got into it, and started to learn the ""story"", I was really disappointed. I couldn't make myself care about these people or their situations at all. Also, the graphics are poorly optimized and the framerate drags inconsistently."
,Recommended,232430,14347321,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Shippo1992,"A short game that I did enjoy, although I would recommend getting it on sale, as I don't think the short length of the game warrants the $20 price tag. That aside though, I enjoyed my session with this game. I was quite surprised by the amount of detail in this game, but being more of an exploration game, I guess it wasn't a huge shocker. Lots of objects to interact with, notes and other stuff to read, etc. I think what got me really connected to the game is what happened with the main character's younger sister and another person whilst the main character was away on her trip abroad before the game. Can't say on here due to potential spoilers, but basically, I found it to be something I could really relate myself to, which got me to feel some emotions with this game. So that's my experience with the game. Overall, with the game itself, it's short and not worth the $20 price tag, but I thought it had a good story, lots of interactive stuff, etc. But it's not the type of game where I'd play it again anytime soon. But I enjoyed the game nonetheless."
76561198067552243,Recommended,232430,8262988,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,lekidney,Loved the concept but it was too short.
,Recommended,232430,8024942,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,mitch,8/10 would experience again
,Recommended,232430,11868114,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,shiznizzle fuckbucket,"I absolutely hate this game.And I say that with some amount of awe. Gone home does a horrifyingly good job of exploiting every little fear you ever had while you were home alone, but were always too cool to admit to; as a matter of fact, it absolutely preys upon it. You hear your own footsteps, the doors creak open when you move through the rooms, and naturally, there's a thunderstorm raging outside. It's the type of game that reminds you why you bolted upstairs the second you turned off the lights (and maybe still do).Coming home from studying abroad only to discover that your family has disappeared (rather cryptically) doesn't exactly lift the mood right off the bat. After which time, you stumble across a series of notes, most of which are bits and pieces of your younger sister's life as she made her way through her teens while you were at school. Most tell a story, build her character, and construct a narrative around a very lovable girl, only to have the occasional ""Please don't tell mom and dad about the attic."" thrown in for good ominous measure.Have I finished the game? No. But it scares the ♥♥♥♥ out of me. Realistic horror is what I find really gets to me, and this game thrives on it. And yet the gameplay is a strange and jaunty ebb and flow of emotional backstory with dark, shadowy undertones. I find I can't play it for long, but I still keep coming back to play it more.In short, I hate playing this game. It makes me anxious, antsy, and jumpy.Buy it."
76561198092545382,Recommended,232430,14504070,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Jaey,"I played the game a while back. I didn't read any reviews or watched any YouTube videos as to not spoil anything for myself.ENDING SPOILERS AHEAD!During the game I was constantly anxious for a ghost to pop out right in front of me, but that did not happen once. Why did I expect it? Well, because they intentionally make it creepy. But it is not. It's about a girl coming home and her family is gone. The house is totally dark and you can hear the thunderstorm outside. But... the story isn't creepy at all. Her mom and dad are away for the weekend working on their marriage and the sister has run away with her girlfriend. They mislead you to think the house is haunted and they create a whole story behind it but in the end it was just something the sister was exploring with her girlfriend and leads to nothing (at least not for me, maybe I missed something). I was happy (cause I'm a ♥♥♥♥♥ for jump scares), but also a little bit disappointed. Still the game was very (!!) fun to play but I felt a bit cheated in the end.Maybe a sequel to the story? :)+ Original and realistic storyline+ Playing detective and finding clues- Scary for no reason- 19,99 is a bit much for 2-3 hours of gameplay"
,Recommended,232430,9130273,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,|ZCG| Zone Dymo,"Briliant Experience, mind you, gameplay is on the low side, much like Amnesia in that affect, its a light weight Adventure title.Its all about the story and that is done briliantly with great Voice work.I recommend it but mind you, you will be done within 3 hours."
,Recommended,232430,16466801,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Feared Alien Voodoo,"If you spent your junior high summer nights playing Rygar on the NES with girls sneaking into your room while The Cure ""Inbetween Days"" blasted out of your cassette player. This is your game."
,Recommended,232430,14692844,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Samurai,"Sped ran in 20 minutes, and did mostly wandering and playing with random items. Most interactive items."
,Not Recommended,232430,32066939,Posted: 30 May,all,brettzx,"Gone Home fits into multiple genres: gay romance, walking simulator, hidden object mystery, and interactive novel. It has good production values, great voice acting and intuitive mechanics, but I did not enjoy the story ofteen angst, teen romance, running away, unsatisfied lives, child molestation, and infidelity.< WARNING: MAJOR SPOILER! If the game had the same production values but a different, more mysterious, rather than a melodramatic and depressing storyline, I would definitely give it a thumbs up. Instead of feeling immersed as the main character, I instead felt like an intruder into a family that had fallen apart; in the end, it felt too much like voyeurism."
,Not Recommended,232430,16782585,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,ѕтeven ѕavage,"Got this for my wife, didn't realize the gameplay time at around an hour, or an hour and half.She seemed to enjoy it in that time, but from watching over her shoulder:1) I wouldn't have been happy if this was bought off sale.2) What is even the point of this?She said she came home to her parents missing, as well as her sister, but instead of trying to find out what's going on, she's more just walking around the house reliving her lesbian experiences.So... It's... okay? Maybe? She says ""No, unless you have an hour flight you need to pass time on."""
76561197967434170,Not Recommended,232430,15578355,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Spaaaace_Monkey,"Awful. SJW garbage made by worthless hipster trash.Suckered into buying this by such BS as this description ""You arrive home after a year abroad. You expect your family to greet you, but the house is empty. Something's not right. Where is everyone? And what's happened here? Unravel the mystery for yourself in Gone Home, a story exploration game from The Fullbright Company""Sounds interesting. It isn't."
,Recommended,232430,17465131,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,jwisser,"I've been meaning to play this game for months now--maybe years--because a lot of my friends had great things to say about it. Today I finally decided to sit down and do it. It turns out I'd actually been spoiled on a major plot point, and I expected that to ruin my experience. It didn't.Play this game. It's a good one."
,Recommended,232430,17638125,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,TheCafFiend,"This game was an interesting take on a story in a different medium: It's less of a ""video game"" and more of a different way to interface with a story, instead of just reading it. Strongly recommend to anyone with actual life experience who would appreciate a good story. Also anyone who grew up in the 90s."
,Recommended,232430,10959456,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,An_Onion,"Proof that video games can convey complex emotional stories. This is one of the greatest love stories I've ever known, and by far the best ever in a video game. If you aren't tearing up by the end...It's also really fun and funny."
,Recommended,232430,16307962,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Certifiable,"I was bored so I tried this. I got drawn in swiftly! O_OShort but sweet, this tale has you as the eldest daughter arriving home from a year in Europe.You can explore every inch of the house (bloody TARDIS of a place!) and interact with many (but not all) items.At first you may think the tale revolves around your character, but get ready, because there's tales told, but not yours!(And ALL via found objects! Well, except voice over narrated items, but they're rare.)13/10 would weep into a hankie with a happy smile again."
,Recommended,232430,7817268,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Bread•ʸᵃʸ,"I LOVE this game. Yeah, it's a short game, and it might be a little overpriced, but the story is amazing. The love story with Sam and Lonnie had me in tears at times. It's a little spooky with the lights flickering, house creeking, slow walking, thunderstorm and ouija board. I think my heart exploded while playing this."
76561198048939485,Recommended,232430,13610970,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Snoogans,I enjoyed it. Yes it's short but it's different. It pulls you in with suspense but there's a lot more to it than that. It had an almost Perks Of Being A Wallflower feel to it by the end. Also the 90s references are brilliant!
76561197992694173,Recommended,232430,10752551,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Raphus Cucullatus,If you feel games have yet to become their full potential in terms of storytelling you should make sure to check this out.
76561197989829771,Recommended,232430,11342112,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Boss Daddy,"Gone Home is less a game, and rather, more the experience of living a pivatol day in the life of a troubled family. Throughout the course of this first person ""adventure"", you will find bits and pieces of your family's life spread out throughout their house, and slowly build a narration through those finds, culminating in a conclusion that won't leave you feeling like you just beat a video game. Instead, you'll feel uplifted or repulsed, but how ever it plays out for you, you will end this game feeling something. A wonderful, albeit brief journey through the life of a modern family."
,Recommended,232430,14855242,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,highlysuspectusername,Looking back this game tries to be really edgy and honestly isn't.  Even so the game world is very interesting and a lot of detail was put into it.  Teenage angst was well known by the creators of this game.  There are hidden back stories that you can learn about the family members of the protagonist along the way if the game interests you enough and they don't dissapoint either.  If for no other reason I was glad to purchase this game and be immersed into the drama.
,Recommended,232430,16506092,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,th0ma5,This game is like reading through a short story. The environment the game takes place in is very atmospheric and most of the time quite creepy. At €19.99 I would say the game is overpriced as I finished the game in about 2hrs and it's probably not a game I would play over and over once completed. But it was an enjoyable and interesting 2hrs so I would recommend trying to pick it up at a sale price for less than a tenner.
,Recommended,232430,17876446,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,kazereal,Short (~2h) but interesting interactive story.
76561198102603440,Recommended,232430,13011164,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,rockchick_67,"Game of 2013!! Need I say more, this touching beautiful piece of art is something EVERYONE needs to experience to call themselves a versatial gamer"
76561198142290211,Recommended,232430,13011401,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,BlackBeltBock,"A triumph of interactive storytelling.  Not a game in the strictest sense, but exemplary of what the medium can truly be.Take your time.  Don't rush.  Don't treat it like a game to win or complete, but rather a rich, shaded story to be slowly absorbed."
76561197993065496,Recommended,232430,13019427,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,[DRU] Timmy will know later,"An emotionally provocative, well-thought out interactive story."
,Recommended,232430,14164965,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,pH. RustySpannerz,"I thought Gone Home was absolutely fantastic. It was beautifully atmospheric, the thunder giving me a fright every time it thundered. I absolutely love unravelling a story when I play a game, and that's what this is. It's an interactive story, with every note that you read placing another piece to the puzzle of where are your family. I didn't know what to expect when I played this game, and I think that's the best way to play it. I think you have to want to play a game with no action. It's wonderfully crafted with thought going into your character and her relationship with her family. I felt at home in my character's body, I felt scared for her, and I felt happy for her.Perhaps the price is a little high, I bought it for £4 or so on a sale, but I think £8 is an appropriate price point. It took me 2 and half hours to play, offering very little replayability. Except perhaps in a few years once I've forgotten what has happened. But that playtime is the equivelent to watching a film. And I pay £7 to go to the cinema, or £10 to buy a new DVD.I loved this game and would definitely recommend it if you enjoy unravelling a story. And perhaps it's on sale."
76561198054428755,Recommended,232430,12030673,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Schnitzel,"This game, for those who are unaware, is all about the struggles of a young hermaphrodite named Bortlov. She-he-it-they is the messiah of the lgbtqlmnop sjw and has come to reap the sinners. Bortlov also finds love! Unlike hoatful byiardfryiend, which has absolutely no bird on human sexy time Gone Home (more colloquially known as ""Bortlov 5: skyrim: the eletric boogaloo"", is built on the premise that copulation between avian and terrestrial beings in not only neccessary but is, in fact, fun too.All things considered I rate Gone Home, or ""Bortlov 7: monster rancher"" as it is known in its home country of Texas, a seven out of Bortlov. Bortlov is love, Bortlov is life, Bortlov will waste an hour of your life for 20 Goddamn dollars."
,Recommended,232430,11668275,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,FlipFlop,5 Stars. A well thought out and brilliant game. Leaves you feeling surprisingly satisfied.
,Recommended,232430,7997974,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,McDonald Friend Sam The Toilet,"Gone Home is an intricate love letter to atmosphere, discovery and interactive story telling.Whether you are the kind of person that enjoys the recent First Person Discovery/Adventure genre (Dear Esther, The Stanley Parable, Gone Home) I'm going to presume that you're the kind of person who likes a good story.If that is the case, you can already click that green buy button and set aside 2-3 hours to play Gone Home.Although the experience is short (as seen by today's gaming standards) the pacing feels just right. As the player I never felt tempted to pause the game and do something else, look up a solution online, or get distracted from the story. Gone Home manages to hold the next advancement of it's tale just close enough that you can't help but keep going.The story is presented to the player in a variety of ways. Notes, Audio Journals and the Environment of the house itself. Each room has you searching every corner for the next note, every area must be examined to find the whole picture of the story. Except that in Gone Home, the story is very simple, very familiar and therefore twice as brilliant. The ""story"" felt more like an ""atmosphere"" to me as I went from room to room finding out about the family who lived there. The notes weren't written about the characters - they were written by them. Thus you find scribblings such as shopping lists, childhood notes passed to friends, book recommendations, cassette's with the character's favourite bands and music. It's a very organic experience which is so akin to a realistic house you'll get sucked in into the life of the Greenbrier family.I'm not going to provide any plot points or story archs - half the wonder of this game lies in discovering it and piecing together your own backstory based on your experience.Regardless of the short length of the game, Gone Home stands out as one of the more fascinating games I've had to deal with thus far - and it's surprising that it's wonder and genius lies in the simplicity and the familiar.I recommend this to everyone - no matter what gaming genres and tropes you may be into, Gone Home will provide an experience that will leave you staring at the credits screen with a wide smile spread across your lips.Who would have expected walking around a house can be a rollercoaster of emotion and experience?"
,Recommended,232430,8378114,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Hailz,"A lot of the top reviews have negative things to say about this game... that is unfortunate. I really enjoyed the narrative and the amount of detail put into every aspect. It's worth it to reserve 2 hours and turn off all distractions while you experience this game. We pay upwards of $10 for a movie ticket these days, I'd say an interesting movie-length game is worth the current 50% off price of $9.99, especially if it encourages more content that is longer from this developer.The most important thing about this game is that it demands you care about its characters and piece together their stories from the objects you find. You have to be willing to stop and read. There is definitely some fun to be had exploring this game and listening to the story, more fun than I had with Dear Esther (at least in this game you can inspect objects in the environment like Amnesia, this is far better than Dear Esther which I only played because of a Humble Bundle, although Dear Esther certainly wasn't bad).As for the story, I got sucked in right away. I have a sister, I grew up in the 90s, and I even studied abroad for several months. So it was easy to put myself in the shoes of the girl arriving home to a creepy empty house. At the end there's a message in the game I wasn't expecting, but I liked the emotional impact of it all. I applaud the developers for taking this risk in both the direction of the storyline and the gameplay, and I hope we see more from them soon.Now, if you don't like story-driven games, you're going to have a bad time. The gameplay involves exploring, inspecting, reading and listening. I'm sure there are details that I missed so I would probably play it again, and perhaps even a third time to listen to the Developer Commentary, but it's not heavy on the replayability (your playthrough will probably only last 90 minutes or so).Granted, I bought this game for $6 and I might not have felt as positive about it if I had paid $20. But I'm sure the price will go down or it will end up on a Humble Bundle at some point, so it's definitely worth adding to your wishlist for later play.In short, if you like exploration and an intriguing story, you will like this. If you have a sibling, and/or you grew up in the 90s, you will appreciate the nostalgia of it all. And if you want to play a game that has good emotional impact and a unique story, all without a lot of time investment, you'll like Gone Home."
76561198064394119,Recommended,232430,7914559,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Mikey Not Mickey,"First off. Do not buy this game if you are expecting a lot of gameplay, as there isn't much at all.You play as a woman called Katie. After returning from a trip traveling Europe, you are thrown straight into her shoes at the porch of her family house. With no explanation, you are left to explore the house on your own.The atmosphere in Gone Home is fantastic. It really does give the player an immersive feeling as they wander around the large but lifeless house, looking for clue as to what is happening. The story isn't pushed into the player's face, they have to work to find out what is happening in the backstory. But once the player does, they are in for one of the best told out stories ever shown in a video game.The story takes the player through different emotions. Those of horror as they wander the amazing house, depressing emotions as some of the story is revealed to the player throughout the game and pleasing ones too. The story sticks with the player, even more so if they can relate in some form.Although there isn't much gameplay at all. Just opening and closing draws, cupboard and rooms to find clues that help push the story along. What there is of the gameplay is engaging and enjoyable. The developers have clearly added in some dramtic sounds as you wander the rooms. The player really gets a sense of not being alone in the house, added sounds like coughing and floorboards creaking help to add a horror factor to the short game.Yes, this is a short game, players will be lucky if they are even able to pull away with a solid three hours of gameplay. Even though it is short and most certainly not worth the price tag it has. I do recommend this game with 4/5 stars. It's atmosphere as well as it's unique story telling pulls this short and gameplay-lacking game so high is outstanding.Buy this game when it is on offer to get the best out of it."
,Not Recommended,232430,12322760,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,ArkonBlade,I beat this game in 1.5 hrs...1.5HRS!!! All the hype on this game and i just dont see it. You wonder through a house reading tons of notes learning about your sisters romance . That about sums up the game play of it. on rare occasions you will need to find a key or a slip of papper with a code to unlock some thing. The story starts out kind of interesting with you coming home from the army and no one is home. Then just goes south from there. $20 for this? i dont see it.
,Not Recommended,232430,12396493,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,harpstrings,Don't waste your time with this one.  I really like story based games but this wasn't a game OR a story.
,Recommended,232430,9111714,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Nocebo,Rain is beating down on the roof.  Bratmobile is in the tape deck.  Now we just have to figure out what the hell happened to everybody.  Fullbright did an absolutely wonderful job weaving several mysteries through multiple generations of detritus in an old house.  This was definitely one of my favorite games of 2013.
,Not Recommended,232430,29350335,Posted: 18 January,all,Whark,Utter wank.
,Not Recommended,232430,16470536,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Murph The Smurf,Played it... hoped to find your parents and you sister dead in attic with a .44 Mag or something very disapointed..... would have made it a lot more interesting
,Recommended,232430,18211960,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ohrenclez,"Anything I could say about this game would probably be too much and spoil the amazing experience I had playing it. Although it has been a while since it came out, I managed to not be spoiled about anything that's happening in the game or even what it is you are doing in it, and I have to recommend you to do the same. Just play and experience this story for yourself!!"
76561197971277811,Recommended,232430,14697448,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Merchant of Menace,"This is a suberb title - I won't say 'game' because really it is an interactive story, and an excellent one. Take time to leave no stone unturned and you will discover the stories of Sam and her parents unfold over a couple of hours's play, as the house - and its ghost? - creak andgroan around you. Fantastic effort, showing that story telling can be at the heart of a gaming experience."
,Recommended,232430,11094937,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Chief Tyrol,"A very solid story, it's less like a video game and more like a movie you get to play through. Despite appearances, it's not actually scary."
76561198053292286,Not Recommended,232430,23419403,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,mysteriousgirl,"Definitely fooled by the positive reviews for this game! Thankfully purchased on sale because it is NOT worse the $20! It is a complete waste of time and money. While it was a little interesting walking through the house and exploring, there wasn't anything creepy or great about this game. When it ended I literally thought ""This can't be it... this seriously can't be the ending..."" Very disappointed. Could have been so much better if it wasn't so short and there had been more thought into making the plot."
,Recommended,232430,12982327,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,mhinson1,"So very short, but so very good.  The mystery you slowly uncover is fantastic and the gameplay, while simple, is excellent.  This title showed me that indie games can have as much, if not more, story and heart than any blockbuster title."
,Recommended,232430,13777700,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Hipsterduck,"It's upsetting how many negative reviews have been posted solely based on the fact that ""there aren't any enemies"". It says in the discription it's an ""exploration game"". I loved this game and wish there were more like it on the market. If you want action, gore or difficult puzzles, don't play this game. If you love stories and exploration this is a great game for you."
76561197990879399,Recommended,232430,13622120,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Blackfang,"an engaging story that i really enjoyed playing. Nothing to shoot, kill or maim. Just a girl who came back from a year in europe to her new familys home that she has never been in and nobidy home at 1am. set in the 90s this is an exploration game where everything needs to be examined to find the story of the family while you have been away for a year.Only negative i have is it is a short game at under 2 hours and the price. I bought it for $4 on winter sale but i see that its goes for almost $20. wait for it to go on sale.Still a great game though"
,Recommended,232430,16838128,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,womboducker,really nice house
,Recommended,232430,18090897,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,The Eater of Dreams,"An interactive story that offers a special kind of personal insight into the lives of others that only the medium of games could provide. If you connect strongly with themes of family and coming-of-age drama, you'll find the writing here is convincing and reinforced by the home you're exploring as you go. The story itself is fine, but the way the setting and environment design communicates with you as you move through it is what sets this apart as a memorable experience.If you're not a fan of the interactive narrative style of game, there's nothing here for you to enjoy, but if you want a well-crafted experience, this one has a story to tell that's funny, honest, and heartwarming."
,Recommended,232430,23011942,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Eli the Grey,"I loved Gone Home.  I'm a little surprised by some of the negative reviews.  As long as you have the right expectations going into the game, it is a fantastic experience.  This is a short, interactive story about a family dealing with a number of issues, and the process of discovering exactly what has happened to them.  The narrative is revealed gradually as you explore a vacant house, and the game effectively builds suspense as it plays with your expectations about what you're going to find.  The soundtrack and '90s setting also enhance the experience tremendously.  If you're expecting a lot of action, or in-depth puzzle solving, you're going to be disappointed.  But if you're open to simply participating in a well-crafted, mysterious short story, you may find Gone Home to be as moving as I did."
,Recommended,232430,7626435,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Hitchet,"Very specific explorational game. Emotional, but storyline is too personal.7/10"
,Recommended,232430,13593143,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,caesarbear,A masterclass in immersive storytelling design.
,Recommended,232430,15903611,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,jasaevan,"Great game. I loved the slight creepyness of the setting with the darkness, storms, and mysterious empty house. The story was great developing throughout the game."
,Recommended,232430,18773132,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Mittsie,I wish I could scrub the memory of this game from my brain just so I can experience it again.
,Recommended,232430,11023060,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,aim for the top,this game is cute
,Recommended,232430,8474967,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Triscuit,So good I cried
76561198079299172,Recommended,232430,7964025,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,StarWolf,Damn good storytelling. It really pushes the question of what can be considered a game in the right direction. I hope there is more like it in the future.Though I will admit $20 was a bit much for the amount of entertainment offered.
76561197993332388,Recommended,232430,16734601,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Malice,"Very unique experience. Tremendously ambient, roaming around, not doinga a whole lot, but I pretty much had chills the entire time. Great pacing of the story, that of which made for a very sobering / mellowing experience.Try to play this game in one sitting, late at night, when it's quiet and the world is asleep."
,Recommended,232430,16750734,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,DreamBit,"You know when you were little and your parents left you home alone for the first time? This was pretty much the atmosphere of the game for me. You have the cool scary storm and the desire to turn all the lights you can find in fear of a scary monster getting the jump on you. Sadly the ending was a bit anticlimactic for me.Take my recommendation lightly though, like only grab it on a sale. The game itself is pretty short... actually very short."
76561198123347902,Not Recommended,232430,9022310,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,xxpoapoaxx,all the hype on this game and I was completely let down. Way too short.
,Recommended,232430,13489658,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,James Norman,"This game does an excellent job narrating a story with only pieces of writing and occasional narration. It's an hour or two of calm immersion, I liek."
76561198114827528,Recommended,232430,11109885,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Rusty Reamer,"A short game, roughly 2-3 hours, with no real re-playability. But it tells a wonderful story, and the the way it's told is quite unique. Those who enjoy a good story, I highly recommend Gone Home."
,Recommended,232430,12960756,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,thenightmirage,"I believe a lot of the disappointment is coming from a lack of understanding.This game was refreshing. It plays with your mind and presents itself as a horror story which ultimately it is not. It is a very real story about familial strife, and a young woman who is very much in love.Nice to see a game with positive representation of women and lesbian relationships.Also you get to throw Christmas themed ducks around."
,Recommended,232430,12384263,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,nathanbobathan,"A thorough playthrough of Gone Home will take you about 1.5 - 4 hours, depending on how thorough you are, and it doesn't star a protagonist who wanders around the world looking at things over the barrel of a gun. If for you, those two qualities constitute a poor game, you will not like Gone Home. Fortunately, there are plenty of other games that allow you to walk around shooting things for 40+ hours. Go play those games, and know they are in no danger of extinction.Gone Home can also exist. It's not about violence, but instead about teenage rebellion, little family dramas, and the subtle ways that ancestors continue to haunt their living descendents. The story is told entirely by exploring and observing your environment. It allows the player to connect personally with the setting with a degree of specificity that would not be possible in any other storytelling medium.At one point, you find a school-preparation list with all items checked off except for ""a positive attitude."" This kind of attention to detail will allow you to discover secrets and emotional truths from these characters organically. I love it when game designers include these kinds of touches, and am thrilled that someone with a good story to tell has made a game built entirely from the sort of subtle cues we too often rush past on our way to complete some hollow objective.Gone Home is full of voices and objects and set pieces I am not used to seeing in games. I am glad that I have been able to encounter them here. I am saddened that those who prefer the more prevalent gameplaying paradigms feel threatened by the fact that this game got made, and that some are playing and enjoying it.It is possible for many different kinds of games to exist, and Gone Home is a rare sort of game. It deserves the critical acclaim it has received, and is too good for the ludicrous scorn that some member of the gaming community have felt the need to heap on it."
,Recommended,232430,12179992,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Carpenterbator,"Touched me in areas I would not tell you over the Internet. Great experience, and great game. The pacing is slow and the narrative is well structured. Gone home is a great example of good storytelling. I can't say any more, since the rest must be felt and is mostly difficult to express through words."
,Recommended,232430,13639490,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Appear,A game with lots of emotions! The feeling of just walking around the house is creepy but really exciting! I liked this game more and more as I played and in the end it was all worth playing! It only took me 72 minutes to complete but the story is worth it!Pros:- Nice graphics- Good sounds quality- Very nice ambient- Never boring-  Exciting story!Cons:- Could've been longer (but this is not really a con at all).9/10 - If you are into story games! Amazing!
76561197977974060,Recommended,232430,11457649,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Whitedelight,"This isn't just an achievement in gaming this was an achievement in story telling. I'm usually NOT a big fan of unconventional games but once I started Gone Home, out of curiousity, I couldn't stop until I had uncovered the whole story. The story is why this game is worth your money and time. Telling a period specific story in such a different way while staying so meticulously accurate to that period is down right brilliant. I honestly can't think of another game so deserving of the title ""game of the year."" Yet it deserves more than that I genuinely wish the pulitzer prize awards would recognize such outstanding story telling even though it's not print."
,Recommended,232430,11917231,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Pixie,"NO SPOILERS.I absolutely loved this game. Gone Home is captivating and sinks you knee-deep into the lives and personal dramas of a family living in Oregon. I went in expecting one thing and came out completely surprised. I vastly enjoyed my playthrough and loved the art and the story and the IMMENSE attention to detail. The only problems I found is that there isn't much replayability, it's very short for the price. If this goes on sale (or even if it doesn't) I would definitely recommend you pick it up and give it a playthrough and avoid spoilers and other reviews.I can't wait for the sequel to this game. My body is ready."
76561198103043778,Not Recommended,232430,25335446,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,ranteal,"Lesbian PropagandaI see what you did there, but we won't be fooled!!"
,Not Recommended,232430,24633108,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Plucky Brit,"God this game is dull.I don't want to spoil the ""Storyline"" but suffice to say it's♥♥♥♥♥♥Pretentious nonsense. 4 hours I will never get back."
,Recommended,232430,4712287,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,MacroPower,"I've never played anything quite like Gone Home before - it's not quite the same as other interactive experiences or purely story games, such as Dear Esther or The 39 Steps. To reiterate a little from the store description, you've arrived at your home after an extended trip, only to find everyone missing. From there, you explore a very large home in search of clues as to the where and why of your families' disappearance.I found forming a story in my own mind, based on clues left around the house, to be very interesting and enjoyable. There is also a narrative, but it only covers a small part of the story. (If you were to just fly through the game, only listening to the narrative, it would not be a very enjoyable experience.) Also, the story is a little bit mature and could probably be easily misinterpreted - this isn't necessarily a bad thing, it just means that the younger audience will likely not find the game enjoyable.The graphics in Gone Home are acceptable; however, they are nothing spectacular, such as what you might see in other games of this type, i.e. Dear Esther. Graphics are, however, not very important to the story of the game. There isn't much music, but there is ambiance - again, it's nothing spectacular; and again, it's not all that important to the story of Gone Home.Overall, Gone Home is a game that is certainly unique. Although I did enjoy it, I don't think it's worth the current $20 price tag - especially considering there's only about 3 hours in it, even if you read every single piece of material in the game. If it ever gets bundled or drops below $10, I recommend that you buy and play it for yourself."
,Recommended,232430,10563865,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Telperion,"This is one of the best games I have played in a long, long time. There's no violence, there's no button mashing, it's just you in an empty house - and not just any empty house, a house with a story to tell. In photographs, notes, and behind loose panels lies this story. It took me a few hours to get through the game, and I enjoyed every single moment of it.The story was... I don't have words for it. It isn't really your everyday story, it's different, and some of us might have seen similar stories around us in real life, or in movies, or whatever, but this story from the viewpoint of a third-person... it left me speechless.It's realistic, original, and I couldn't help but shed a tear by the end of this. A certain section of people might enjoy it more than everyone else, a certain section will not enjoy it at all. It isn't really for everyone; some people won't relate and they'll dismiss it for lack of suspense or whatever, but this game has shown me that a story can be told in a straightforward manner, without turns and twists, and still be enjoyable.Buy it, seriously, it's like $4.99 now and worth every cent."
,Recommended,232430,11236275,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,[Linux] comrad,"Don't expect a game to play. You will be disappointed. But if you are open to stories told by this kind of ""walking simulator"", this is a nice experience. The story is nice and well developing well throughout the storyline. Great job!"
76561198026140233,Recommended,232430,8593881,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,MaryClarice,"I really don't know if I recommend this game or not. For a person like me, impatient and not concerned about every little detail (and/or depth of games), I would say it's not a good idea. But, if you like to enjoy the moment while you play, this is the game for you! You can listen to different (and good) music, enjoy the experience as well as ""find yourself"" in the game. Well, let me ask, did you like Dear Esther? If you answered positively then Yep! Highly recommended!"
,Not Recommended,232430,9700879,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,The Diddly Gorilla,Didn't enjoy it wanted to but i didn't :c
,Recommended,232430,11098346,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Gregor Samsa,"While it is a bit of an annoying trend that new games that seem to incessantly try to ""pull at your heart strings"" from indie studios happen to be popping up, occasionally you get a gold nugget. Gone Home is a pretty intense experience; the first-person point and click-em-up gameplay is in full force, with a lot to be digested. The artwork and aesthetics designed for this game definitely fit with the themes and enhance the game, but occasionally the low budget is noticeable. Probably my favourite part of this whole game is the sound, the original composer for this game does a great job with a score that's neither intrusive nor too passive, while the diagetic songs are genuinely quite enjoyable. The voice acting, while not the best, is still convincing enough to be affecting.That being said, I personally finished this in a little over an hour, so the price point might feel a bit alienating, in which case, wait for a sale. Of course, some people pay more for experiences that aren't as lasting or enjoyable (Call of Duty campaigns typically last more than 6 hours), so why hold off?"
,Recommended,232430,11225650,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Jensen sans Sarif,"Gone Home is a beautifully made game. There's no rush to complete the game, so you can take your time to explore every inch of your new home, and everything that has happened in it over the past year. If you like exploration games and a good story, then you should get this game."
,Not Recommended,232430,23523050,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Molotov Slacker,"WTF did I just play, I bought this a long time ago based on overwhelmingly potistive reviews everywhere... This isn't a game it's just someone reading to you when you click items, I kept waiting there is backpack you collect like 2 items, then it's over... I restarted it thinking the last hour had been just an intro to the main game... no it's just stoooopid short.  If you pay full price for this you will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at yourself.  It is so short you won't be able to collect all the trading cards without idling... that is how short this game is, a replay you could literally finish in 2 minutes just walk to the last room pick up the book done."
,Recommended,232430,12271957,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Alchemist,"The premise is simple, you have arrived home from abroad to an empty house and a note from your sister telling you not to try find out what happened or where she has gone. I won’t spoil any more of the story as remaining uninformed of the plot I think is vital to this game.Gone Home manages to generate an oppressive and foreboding tone from the outset and sets up a mystery for the player to be solved. The sound design, although limited to the sounds of an empty house in a storm, are very effective and help to make you feel as though you are lost in your own home.The aesthetic style is simple stylised and effective, with a lot of care and detail going into the everyday objects around the house that you can inspect to gain a better idea of what happened while you were away. These reveals more often than not take the form of journal articles being narrated by your sister Sam, these are very well voice acted and convey emotion well.Gone Home is very light on gameplay. The presence of mechanics to occupy the player are minimal. This may switch off many people but it is quite impressive how engaging this uncovering of events and getting to the bottom of the mystery can be without the need for further game mechanics.In fact it is when more traditional game mechanics that Gone Home experiences issues. Most of the time the player has free reign to gather clues around the house and piece together the story, but areas of the house are locked. The key hunting for progression is problematic because although it is presumably there to ensure that discovery happens in a linear fashion, the end of the game can be found prior to experiencing much of the story found behind these locked doors. This leaves a skeletal version of the story without the depth that all of the journal entries provide, something which routing of the game through locked areas would ostensibly be there to prevent.Perhaps my biggest issue with the game surrounds the finale, which I don’t feel carries sufficient resolution to the dread and foreboding that the game sets up within the first few minutes. It feels as though the emotions the game wanted to elicit from the player were inappropriate and misplaced in light of revealing the whole story.That said I think it was a good experience and worth playing. It is an experiment in subtle environmental storytelling which I felt was very effective and worth exploring. It is very short (I found everything the game had to offer within 2 hours) so it pays to keep this in mind as I don’t think the game is very repayable.In short, Gone Home is to games what short stories are to books. An opportunity to explore unique and interesting concepts that can be powerful, but are short experiences which would not benefit from extension."
,Recommended,232430,26073160,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Guns,"Ok so I would recommend this game to whoever likes walking simulators.Gone Home is indeed a walking game, a very short walking game, where you play Kaitlin, a girl who come back after a year in Europe. As your beloved family just don't care, you're home alone, and you'll eventually find your sister left some letters to you. You can now explore the big mansion and try to figure out what happened.I must say I was not expecting this. The corridors in the house reminded me too much the first Resident Evil so I played the whole (short) game (I mean short) with a kind of constant tense. The graphic were not good enough to help immersion, I felt the interaction with object was a bit boring, and even if the story is quite good, I was not involved enough. Smaller house, more object, more photos, more personnal stuff would have increase the overall quality a lot.Anyway, I'm a sucker for story driven game, so I liked this one, not in my top list, but if you can buy it for a couple of bucks it's okay. I mean, it's a 2 hours game for someone who read everything like me, and if you don't it's a 20 minutes game."
76561198093931397,Recommended,232430,16483070,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,missXvamp,"I really enjoyed this interactive story game. Its the second time i have played. I bought it on sale on steam just to add to my collection and to replay it. I love the way it looks and the way it feels. I wish it could have had more to it as i really enjoyed playing it. I do hope another game but with more to it is made at some point.A lovely story, excellent voice acting and music and the graphics are great. 10/10.BUTI only recommend buying on sale for less than £2 it just would not be worth the full price. No offence to the developer but in order for people to want to pay them prices it needs more to it and longer gameplay. BUY ON SALE ONLY. And enjoy xx"
76561198142747039,Recommended,232430,14440595,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,ingraval,"An interesting, touching game with a fantastic atmosphere and wonderful story, if you're willing to put in the effort to uncover it. 10/10"
76561198004474588,Recommended,232430,13577413,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Kingguy1™,"This was my game of the year for 2013. I understand it not being for everyone. If you even had the thought, ""Is this really a game?"" then give up now, you're not going to enjoy it no matter what. This isn't a game for people who are worried about things like that, it's a game for people who are looking for a real artistic experience that has been, in my opinion, sorely lacking in games. Gone Home was a profound experience for me and my friends, and has stuck with me ever since I played it over a year ago. If you're hung up on the price point and ""whether or not it's a game"", I feel bad for you, but if that's not the case, check out Gone Home. It's an experience you don't want to miss out on."
76561197977881160,Recommended,232430,12977808,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Brodo Swaggins,"Unbelievably gorgeous. The epitome of the term ""environmental storytelling,"" with none of the buzzword shallowness associated with it. This game is chilling, sweet, heartbreaking, and above all truly empathetic. No other medium could tell this story the way it needs to be told, and by God, what an incredible story. Human to the core, despite there being no actual people with whom you directly interact. A little bit ""Thief,"" a little bit ""Dear Esther,"" a little bit ""To The Moon,"" and a whole lot of genuine storytelling magic.Obviously, if you want action, look elsewhere. But if you want to be moved beyond anything you could have expected, look here. And look hard, and long, and well, because there are threads of the story hidden everywhere, and they are all worth finding."
,Recommended,232430,12977846,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,PouncingChicken,"This was awesome. Gripping story, great plot. Loved every minute of angsty teenage drama and the creepy feel of the game."
,Recommended,232430,14508020,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,lchecket,"This game is fantastic as an exploration of narrative possibilities of videogames. It has the feel of oldschool point-and-click adventure games like Myst and Darkfall: The Journal; you find yourself in an empty home trying to figure out what happened. Unlike those games, however, the puzzles of Gone Home are minimal, and when they do pop up, they feel more organic and less artificial than in traditional adventure games. You are also treated to multiple story lines for characters you never meet, going back, in some cases, years or decades. The narratives are interesting and engaging; the characters are mostly sympathetic and certainly realistic.Don't play if you're looking for a ""realistic"" bullet hell or ultra-violent shooter. Do play if you liked games like Syberia or Analogue: A Hate Story."
,Recommended,232430,8219410,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kestrel,GOTY 2013
76561198097575049,Recommended,232430,12977023,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,WorldRuler1234,"Absolutely one of the best games I've played in a long time! So much emotion and tension! This reminded me of the 90's in many ways, and with such elegance. The story in somewhat cliche but, it was real, and had depth, and was told in a truly masterful way. You cannot play this with others though, you must be alone and preferably in the dark to get the immersion the game gives. I highly recommend this game!"
,Not Recommended,232430,32683613,Posted: 23 June,all,Brodadtv,this was cool then i got to the end and it was a big let down....
,Recommended,232430,14933552,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Pixie,"This is not a game, it's an interactive story.The story itself is lovely and very sweet.I loved it and i can't say i didn't cry a single manly tear at some point in this game.Enjoy!"
76561198094296438,Recommended,232430,14754444,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Dragoneye3,"okay, im going to brake the hate train, for one if you do not like the price, be patient and get it durring the spring or summer sale.I have only logged a short time on gone home untill my computer was able to run it desently, i highly enjoyed the story unlike most hatefull comments mine is going to bring alot of light on this subject. Gone Home is a well exicuted mystery walking story, it is liner enough that its hard to get the dates out of match, but dynamic enough to let you explore the house, i looked over the house admiring the detaild in the work. it makes it seem alittle more personal when you real the letters, you can connect with katie and sam. Now from here i will have a few minor or major SPOILERS: when first getting on and having to find the key it makes you set your mind in a state to play a mystery, second it is too short for being a 1.5 to 2 hour story, it is lacking but it was great in its excicution. lastly, the ambieance of the storm makes it alittle nerve racking and makes a person hold the edge of there seets because of previous experiances in horror. all in all good game"
,Recommended,232430,33728477,Posted: 22 July,all,PB Yuki Onna,"This game is great. First things first though, this is a romance story with horror elements, not a horror story with romance elements. If you're going into this expecting some Amnesia Dark Descent stuff, that's not what you're going to get.What you WILL get is a very powerful love story between two girls, and a game that is amazingly well thought out in terms of what's there to find. Every person who lives in the house has their own story, and you can piece together their personality and historys just from what you find. Every item and its placement seem to have been very carefully thought out, and then there's the soundtrack.As a fan of early grrrl punk rock, it was a JOY to hear Bratmobile and the other bands here. It helped add to the characters - and the character of the game itself.Now, I think this game IS worth the twenty dollars, but that's for someone like me who has a deep connection to this game and its themes and to whom it speaks to very well. Others, who don't have that same connections, may not find it worth that much and should wait for it to be on sale. Still others may not like the idea of a romance story at all - they should buy something else. That said, if you happen to find yourself in possession of a copy of this game, no matter who you are, play it. Your eyes may be opened to a story you may have never even considered."
,Recommended,232430,23272566,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Swirlsie,"2 hours of gameplay and i finished it, but itt was a fun experience and well guided that i never felt lost."
76561198082478234,Not Recommended,232430,16576729,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,oldspice77,"This game wasn't for me.  A lot of reviewer praised the different approach to gameplay and you could spend a lot of time exploring and looking at different this.  But for me, I found it boring and slow.I'm not saying that it is a bad game, it is well designed and looks good but it just wasn't for me."
76561197972076777,Not Recommended,232430,16829101,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Jellycrusher,"Promissing but dissapointing walking simulator with at first interesting plot which turns out to be a mediocre and dull teenage love story with trivial homosexual twist. No replayability value. Many ingame notes are just too illegible to bother with reading them (and they're supposed to tell THE STORY!). Most of the in-game music is some puny girlie ""punk"". The whole potential of the mood created by lonely exploration of an awkward, old-fashioned manor - lost. Price range of this game is a pathetic joke."
,Not Recommended,232430,16932746,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Sadhydra,"The devs expecting $20 for this short game which lacks enough content to be even considered good is criminal.  One of the greatest examples of the terible gaming media, this game was said by many to be ""revolutionary"", however is instead it is a borefest whose length is less than that of an episode of Law and Order, it took me less than an hour to finish this game.An obsolute insult for $20"
76561198072423935,Recommended,232430,13024127,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Spontaneous-Epiphany,"Gone Home is a great, short little game. It has an atmosphere like a horror game throughout most of the game, but the expected scares never come, which I actually enjoyed because I'm not a big fan of horror. Also, the 90s music is awesome. Plus the story has a lot of relateable points about being a teenager trying to work out who you are and what you want in life."
,Recommended,232430,13013859,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Marceline: Uprising,"Beautiful, story filled game! There isn't a lot of game play but i think this works, this game is heavly story based, the writing for the characters is perfect!"
,Recommended,232430,15411730,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,wesdizzle,This is a fantastic game with a great narrative experience. The world really feels tangible as you explore the environment and learn more about it and the characters. I'd recommend that you give it a shot if you enjoy exploration and story in games.
76561198156841635,Not Recommended,232430,17422591,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,evanaphillips,Come home to ur creepy house to find out your sister bailed with her lesbo friend. I saved you a solid 2 hours. You're welcome!
,Recommended,232430,13626852,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Seaniemaurice,"I can see why people might not enjoy this game as it does not follow traditional gameplay elements. This is a walking simulator rich in story and very real characters even though you don't actually ever get to see them.The story is absolutely supurb and if you are considering purchasing this, it should be purely for the story. It's rare to find a game that is so human and so believable. The great voice acting used through journal logs, as well as the notes found all around the house make up a well rounded story that doesn't hold your hand.This is a game without the game. A subgenre in gaming that isn't for everyone.I recommend this to anyone that has previously enjoyed other walking sims or anyone that is interested in storytelling and games as a medium to do so."
,Recommended,232430,13778598,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Seamoous,"Gone Home wasen't just a ""good game"". It was absoloutly brilliant. The story of Sam and how love carries her thoughout the time she spends during her life when she meets Lonnie was heart-breaking to find out the end only to reunite with her, to have Lonnie abandon her dreams. And the fact her parents didn't agree at all with it was astonishing. How she dealt with it. The developers wrote Sam's story like any average teenage girl's life and every event that followed in a perfect order. Everyone needs to pay this game and get to the end, atleast once."
,Recommended,232430,7964506,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,FatManOnACouch,"I absolutely loved this game, but I wouldn't recommend it for everybody. I equate this game to a movie in several ways. You pay $10 to $20 on average to either see a movie or buy one, and it lasts you about 1.5 to 2 hours. This game is very similar. It's very short and the gameplay is simple. But the story it told was amazing.I would probably advise waiting for a sale, however, because $20 does seem a bit too high for what you get. If you enjoy short story based games like Journey, To the Moon, Dear Esther, or other similar games, this one is perfect for you.Also, this game is by no means scary. For a lot of the game I thought something would jump out at me, but this is not that type of game whatsoever."
76561197972368100,Not Recommended,232430,22733331,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,crabbycobra1,"Propaganda story about alternative lifestyles. No real game aspect, more of a Dear Esther type."
,Recommended,232430,25814057,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,mrcheshire,"I understand why people would be disappointed in this game. There's not an immense amount of interaction, and even with the limited set of actions that the game allows, there isn't a massive amount of content to interact with. If your primary determination of value from a game comes from the amount of time it takes to beat it, this will not seem like a very good value.However, I enjoyed it immensely. As ""walking simulators"" go, I thought the setting was wonderful, and the story that was told in the game was perfectly constructed for the way it was gradually revealed as different pieces were uncovered. And it was the story that was the most compelling part of the game.I think that video games are still figuring out the best ways to tell stories, and I think that Gone Home was an excellent example of how a story can be told. For me, it was well worth the price, but I am probably more interested in artsy games, casual games, and narrative-driven games. If those sorts of things appeal to you, this is a highlight of those genres."
,Recommended,232430,30458799,Posted: 11 March,all,s8g,"First up: I don't think I paid the 20 € on steam.... the game is short and has next-to-no gameplay. There are some related themes and storys the player can explore. Exploration seems to be the key, here - if you are chronically impatient like me, you won't find every clue and you won't play the game after the ending. So the question has to be: Is the main plot worth it?My answer is: yes. It's a nice coming-of-age-story that is filled with a lot of nostalgia for the 90s. Most people who grew up during that time will be able to relate to the plot even if they areneither female nor lesbian.How much is it worth? Probably not 20 €, but I don't think anybody has to pay that price in 2017..."
,Recommended,232430,15337336,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,ICS,"Paid 2.99€ last summer, dug this game up and played it. Lasted 1.4 hours but was worth the money. Great story."
,Recommended,232430,15369147,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Absolutely 3rd,"Gone home is a very beautiful and sensitve game. Very atmospheric, but not only contemplative. I loved it !Also, like a friend told me : ""It took me at least half the game to realise I would not be attacked at any part in this game."""
,Recommended,232430,12170011,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Witch of Breath,This is a beautiful game.
,Recommended,232430,20011580,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Harkenstein,"Good story-game. Nice atmosphere, nice sounds, nice graphics, nice level design. Only downside is that this is REALLY short. It takes only few hours to play through but those are good few hours :)"
,Recommended,232430,20021308,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SecretariatRulez96,"This game is a little over two years old now when I played it. It was quite the experience for me because I related to Sam so much, went through a very similar situation. So, perhaps for me and people in the LGBTQ community it will be especially special for us.To make clear, this game is not a horror game. There are a few scary moments but nothing will attack you. I got scared several times which was quite distracting lol but I assure you, its not a horror game and there are no jump scares from what I can tell.This game is not for people who play games for button mashing, fighting bosses, shooting things, etc. Nothing wrong with that, this game is just not for you. The number of poor reviews for this game is from people who were never the intended audience. This game is definitely more like an art form, very much like Life is Strange. If you enjoyed Life is Strange, you will enjoy this game and viceversa.  The way you learn about the MC's family is through rummaging through the house, reading papers and examining the room. As you explore the house, certain items will access you to the journal of the MC's sister, Sam. It reminded me very much of the audiobooks in BioShock, actually. You learn about Sam this way quite intimately. Its a very interesting and story rich game. If you love to read books, play games for the story and characters before anything else, then this might be for you. I've played this game for a little over 3 hours and I still have not found everything there is to explore..nor did I pick up on the entirity of the father's past (I learned from wikipedia and was surprised..) I sort of wish there were achievements just so I can be sure to attain everything there is to discover in the game. But not having achievements is also nice because it becomes more about story than another list of achievements to complete, I do think that was the creators' intention. I do have a few complaints. One is just how many items I could interact with that were pointless. For a while, I'd throw everything out of its original place thinking I'd find something secretly stashed away. Well, I did find a certain something in the Dad's room because of that....lol Also, it does make the screenshot gallery amusing though..I can't belive someone collected everything you could and placed them all in the foyer lol But I overall really loved and enjoyed this game. I don't know if I would be saying the same thing if I didn't catch it on sale, though. It is very short, so I would recommend waiting for it on sale. I bought it for $6. To me, the game's price tag is a bit high. However, I do recognize the hard work that went into this game. Perhaps I am being stingy. Either way, I do recommend it. And I'll probably try to play again in the future."
,Recommended,232430,19861172,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Croy,This is one of the best 90 minutes I've spent playing video games. Period. Worth every penny.
76561198072977837,Recommended,232430,13006793,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,hopy16,I thought this game was pretty good. I didnt know much about it when I bought it. It was listed as one of the top games of the year so I thought I would try it. I thought the story was really cool. The game is really easy.
76561198036296155,Recommended,232430,24654080,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,qwertycrackers,"I can barely tell you anything about this game without spoiling it. Gone Home is an excellent little story, about 1.5 hours for me, and a true roller-coaster of plotline.Drop the $4.00, buy this game, and enjoy an atmospheric and nerve-wracking mystery."
76561198140997600,Recommended,232430,22579510,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Sacrificial Lamb,"I promise that this game is NOT scary! Even though it may seem like it would be. It details a wonderful story and is very touching. The ending gives you a good feeling, but I kinda wanted it to go further, but oh well! Still a good game!"
,Recommended,232430,28160129,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,shamelesswhyte,"Beautiful game, shows the amazing potential of games to tell stories in ways no other medium could."
76561197978247545,Recommended,232430,11527593,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,J-Dubs,"People say all the time about games ""not for everyone"". I kind of tend to ignore that now (really? Not everyone on the planet is going to enjoy this?! No way!) because it seems like something that should be fairly obvious. HOWEVER, if one game does actually deserve the dreaded ""not for everyone"" tag, it's this one.Gone Home is not a ""typical"" game by any stretch of the imagination. The actual gameplay revolves around simply exploring a house. This involves picking up items and examining them, listening to mixtapes (the fact that the game takes place in the pre-iPod glory days of the 1990s is key), and reading notes. It's up to you to piece the story together as you go, and really the only driving forces compelling you to go on are your own curiosity and the degree to which you become invested in the story. To say anything about that story is to do this game a great disservice, you really should go in unspoiled. Suffice it to say (to use my least favorite phrase) it won't appeal to everyone, but I personally found it hard not to get invested in it, which is a testament to the game's quality.To me, whether or not you enjoy Gone Home largely comes down to where you stand on the ""games as art"" question. If you believe that games can skew into the art territory, you owe it to yourself to play this game. If you don't, and tend to view games as more mindless/reflexive/action oriented pastime (not judging; I think games can be both and there's no need to ""choose sides""), you should probably skip this. Honestly, if you're here reading this review you should probably know enough about Gone Home and your own tastes to know whether or not you should give this game a go.Overall, I found this game to be an amazing experience, one that pushes the medium of gaming further into the ""art"" territory. It has a lot to say, and says it in a very simplistic but effective way that's certainly atypical for the medium. My only knock is that it's quite short, and $20 is a fairly steep ask for the amount of time that you will likely spend with it. Still, if gamers as a whole want to see gaming as a medium taken more seriously as a legitimate art form, perhaps that isn't such a high price to pay after all."
76561198047662426,Not Recommended,232430,8816190,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,lukeyguy,"This is one of those hipster videogames, that are ""cool"" to like, but are actually rubbish.You spend the entire game searching through a house, finding out that someone ran away from home. THE END.Over-rated and could have been improved by including zombies... (note that I don't even like zombie games, which speaks volumes of how underwhelming this game is)."
,Not Recommended,232430,8860487,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Digitaldreamer7,"Story - 5/10Atmosphere - 2/10 (more on this soon)Fun - 5/10Replayability - 0/10Value 1/10 (unless you paid 2.99 or less)This game, while having great voice acting, awesome writing, and good narritive, is terrible over all.  It's a bit misleading with it's creepy atmosphere and ghost references. Without giving anything away, after a very short time in the house you find that this is a total bait and switch deal.  After about 3-4 Journal entries you already know what's going to happen, but are left expecting more.  It sets up for a very deep experience, but falls pretty flat.  This feels like an episode of a typical teenage angst tv show.  This had a lot of promise.  Pass.A side note.  To those who say the sister's story isn't the center of the game, you apore wrong, if you pick up the last clue about her the credits roll (with in 45 to an hour in might I add)."
,Recommended,232430,11123229,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,{PR} Weasel,I don't have a sister but this game really made me want to hug her. That♥♥♥♥♥♥s deep man.
,Recommended,232430,11289438,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,brebbits,"An interesting immersive experience but I accidentally found a short cut that dramatically sped up the end of the game which was kinda disappointing. I went back and did things the ""right"" way but it was less satisfying. Stick to the map and information given you!"
76561197991017157,Recommended,232430,12005814,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,200 Ponies,Would go home again.10/10
,Recommended,232430,13022002,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,babyconnor,Was satisfying. I liked it.
76561198062584424,Recommended,232430,11118280,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,17th Edition,if you want a game that almost is of a diffrent genre of horror games then this is the game for you
,Recommended,232430,10845564,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,✿Rainy Season Hero Froppy✿,"It was a cute story. The house is spooky and my friend who was watching me play was being spooky. It was a good experience. It is not much of a game, but it is a good experience. I beat the whole game holding on to the duck. There is a lil easter egg if you hold on to the duck btw."
,Not Recommended,232430,10851997,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,estyles31,"I wanted to like this game, really.  And I did somewhat enjoy it.  It felt like there should have been some puzzles to solve, but there really weren't - it was just a linear walk-through ""experience.""  But I guess that's okay - I kind of knew that it was more of an interactive story than a game, so I'm willing to give it a pass on that.  I was pretty immersed in and interested in the story.  And I didn't HATE the 2 hours or so that I played it.  If there was a ""Sort-of recommend"" option, I'd pick that, but as is...SPOILERS AHEAD....*************************************What disappointed me about the game was the abrupt ending and how nothing really HAPPENED.  You're running through the house investigating everything you can find to see what happened to your family, and why they seem to have left in such a hurry.  And then it ends and it turns out that your parents are on vacation and your sister just ran away - she'll probably be back before the end of the summer, if you ask me.  All that worrying about what had happened to them and why the house was so disorganized, and expecting a final scene where you actually find them and maybe help them get out of trouble or something... nothing.  Just anticlimactic ending.From the beginning, something seems badly wrong with the house.  There's an invoice on a table in the foyer for the movers that moved the family into this house a year ago.  Looks like they disappeared shortly after ""I"" left on vacation.  What could have happened to them?  Boxes that were never unpacked everywhere.  Crumpled up notes from last summer sitting NEXT TO (only occasionally in) the trash can.   Not only has no one taken out the garbage in this house, but they haven't even bothered to pick up the paper that's been sitting right next to it for 10 months.  And unopened soda cans everywhere - but no empty ones in the trash.  At this point, I was pretty sure that I was walking through an old crime scene - a cold case to solve.  But no, the letters all progressed chronologically as I walked through the house, and eventually I found stuff from just yesterday.It's a little rough on immersion when you imagine that people were living in this house yesterday, but had left a chronological trail in the exact order that I happened to walk through.  Dad's typewriter and early work on his next novel still set up in his office, but then later work on a typewriter in the greenhouse - because it wouldn't do if I found the later work mixed in with the newer.And it seems like everyone in the house took their notes and letters to a new place every time they had something new to read, and then just left it sitting there on the table or under a binder or crumpled up near a trash can.  All of my postcards sitting, as if just read, in a different part of the house?  Haven't these people ever heard about organizing their mail?  And some documents that should have come FROM the denizens of the house but never seemed to make it out.  Not to mention the kitchen with nothing but milk and frozen peas, and no real cookware that I remember seeing.All in all, there was so much weirdness going on, and I just hoped that SOME of it would be explained at the end when I found everyone tied up in the attic - like why they never unpacked in the last year, or why they removed all the VCRs as if the Government, in association with the Rand Corporation and reverse vampires, were going to send out mind control rays through them.  But no, at the end - parents on vacation, sister ran away to be with her girlfriend.  Yawn.  Wouldn't have been so disappointing if there was more game rather than just hearing a story, but again - I was willing to give that a pass if it had just been going somewhere..."
76561198050451136,Recommended,232430,11328126,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Caves X,"Took every item in the house and threw it outside. Teach them not to pick me up from the airport.Also, porn and the X-Files in the same house.10/10"
,Recommended,232430,13044560,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,jammus,Gone Home is an excellent little game. In around two hours I found myself fully caring for Sam as though she was really my sister. I've not connected with a game like this for a while. 8.5 thumbs up.
,Recommended,232430,18926974,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Lord of Change,"Brilliant game, the atmosphere is chilling and the art is wonderful. The first time I played this game, I was truly blown away by how gorgeous the enviroments were accompanied by an abundance of detail. The storyline is amazing, and the end left me speechless; a beautiful tale of love (as well as showing that love can be felt and received by anyone). If you have the time, pick up Gone Home, and indulge yourself entirely in this wonderful game.The Controls are smooth and everything works the way you want it to, the house is well-designed and there are endless crevices to be explored, a particular example is a TV room, when you first enter it, you'll get hit with a overwhelming sense of nostalgia, pillow forts and the blue-ish light that the TV casts across the room will leaving you smiling. The lighting in this game can create some gorgeous sights, and the lack thereof can send chills down your spine, granted the game isn't a horror, and I don't know whether it was intended or simply my own paranoia, but there are some cases where you may get a little scared, I'm not going to post any spoilers; but let's just say the house has plenty of backstory.Gameplay 9/10 (Controls are smooth, game works as you want it too; occasionaly getting stuck in doors)Level Design 9/10 (Beautiful area, the house gains more complexity as the game continues, but stays gorgeous)Soundtrack 8/10 (Throwback songs, not to mention the chillingly haunting tunes whenever a note from Sam is played)"
76561198026882473,Recommended,232430,19382111,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Dan Denying Damnation,"""Gone Home"" happily made me understand thousands of people's romances, even when they go against my beliefs. Well, I guess agreeing wasn't the point — feeling in your own skin is. Great films do that. And OH BOY, did I feel it here! Them strings in my heart got pulled alright, and I was glad each time. This is not a videogame for videogamers. It is something greater, albeit much simpler: a cozy, awkward self-discovery.Sarah Grayson's performance as Sam's voice is so good it could make the whole thing work as an audiobook. Did you read ""Catcher in the Rye"" and felt you totally got a teenager's world in 1940's New York? ""Gone Home"" does that on — no kidding — the same level. Man, I'm a 20-year-old dude that grew in Brazil and they had me completely invested in 1990's Oregon-US girlhood — how big an accomplishment can that be?I agree my investment (emotional as well) is also due to you, the player, being the one piecing clues together. Some well-placed clues, I must add. Expect zero spoon-fed information and get used to working as in the following: Bookmark inscription + Concert tickets = Affair. I see why this game can be classified as a mystery...As the homecoming Kaitlin, you are indeed playing a detective. But instead of uncovering a muder, you discover your father's cult-followed work, your mother's frustation, and, at the core of all, your sister's candid, amusing and touching coming-of-age story. With that in a weirdly tense atmosphere, I confess me some subtle changes in pulse rate, throughout the board.You know what? I cannot possibly detatch Gone Home's experience from its format — This HAD to be a videogame."
76561198077452586,Recommended,232430,23479634,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Rathlak,"This game will forever be one of my favorites. An example of excelent immersion and exceptional pacing. I've always liked the ""walking simulator"" games, but I get they're not for everyone. So if thats you, then probably stay away, but maybe its worth a shot. I'd encourage it. Gone Home is something truely unique and an amazing experiance!"
76561198076338399,Recommended,232430,23606184,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,gab_cocoaloco,"I really like this game!! It is pretty detailed and much story behind it. Some things are for your intrepretation while others lead to more and more mysteries along the way. I have had a great time playing it so far and I am guaranteed to keep playing. There are many things to uncover to lead to the end discovery, which I have DEFINITELY not discovered yet. I have avoided reading other reviews for fear of spoliers....which I have unfortunetly witnessed.....but the few I did read were kinda negative! I personally like this game, and I look forward to playing more!Enjoy!"
76561198015030234,Not Recommended,232430,12959694,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Bisoneyes,"It took me just over 2hrs to complete. While the atmosphere is good and the story somewhat compelling it shouldn't be over that quickly. Basically it's a point and click and understand the story behind the family. The mystery is really about the acceptance of what we new see as social norms really. I suppose what it highlights is that over 20yrs somethings have changed and maybe in another way they are still the same.  It's an OK game for under £4, but don't pay anymore."
76561198025980821,Recommended,232430,10933793,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,RawShank,"Some will enjoy the experience of this game, or ""house walking simulator"" if you prefer calling it, and other will not like. Not catching all 90s references that it showed, I did enjoy hearing more and more how the main character's sister revealed more and more info about her by examining items. Although being a 2 hour game, I say it's worth playing for it's strong character reveals. Not much replay value unless your playing it with someone else. 8/10"
,Recommended,232430,11583240,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Beardsy,I waited until all the hype died down on this game to play it fresh.  Loved it.  Unique story telling and very real topics.  Great stuff.
76561198042713070,Recommended,232430,10582305,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,biotec,"One of the best games I've played in years, and a clear 10/10.It's impossible to say why it's so good without spoiling the story, so I'm afraid I can't say anything else.Just buy it.  You won't be dissapointed!"
,Recommended,232430,28999932,Posted: 4 January,all,Jataman96,"This was an interesting way of storytelling, I'll give it that!I'll admit that I guessed the entire story within the first fifteen minutes of playing it, so then it was more about picking up the clues that lead to the ending. It was still satisfying, though. I also liked the aesthetic and the eerie atmosphere of the older house.Overall, I'd say it's a good walking simulator. This is more alternative storytelling than it is a game, which isn't a bad thing by any means if that's what you're looking for. It's something you can finish in one sitting, which is nice and what I was looking for when I got it.I wouldn't say I was 'wowed' by anything here. If you can get it on sale, then it's worth it (and I mean a big sale--took me around 90 minutes and I was really taking my time). Do not buy this full price though, that's my recommendation."
,Not Recommended,232430,12972601,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Bubb,Really nice idea and tension but not worth full price.I was left feeling dissapointed but maybe others can enjoy this small experience.
,Recommended,232430,10977467,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Sluggo,"If you can pick it up for $5 or less, Gone Home is a no-brainer. Without spoiling anything, its story is several notches above what you normally get in videogames, and you're kept in suspense a lot of the way: as you find bits and pieces about your family, it feels like things could spiral in any number of directions, and even when the plot becomes clear, you're never sure what kind of ending you're in for until the very end.That said, keep in mind Gone Home is really short: it might be the size of one Half-Life level, is more interactive story than game, and even if you examine everything, you'll be done in 60-90 minutes. Unless you're specifically looking to support the developer, it's hard to recommend spending the full $20 on it."
,Recommended,232430,10981846,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Jmw2552,This is a fdantastic game especially if you go into it with no prior knowledge
76561198068604971,Recommended,232430,10987426,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,cockystocke,"This is a very beautiful game, a bitter sweet story."
76561197970003258,Recommended,232430,10636204,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,TedTheTrout,"Teenagers who are questioning their own sexuality are not to be depended upon for securing your homestead.  Any Tom, (Richard), or Harry can just waltz in your upper middle class residence and help themselves to every note in your cupboards and desk drawers.  WHERE ARE THEIR PARENTS?!  Oh, that's right...Same place as anyone or anything in this game, they don't exist.  As near as I can tell after 246.5 playthroughs (approx), one thing is certain.  If you buy this product, you will will find yourself a somewhat proud liscensee of said product.  Also, your in-game uncle may not be the most upstanding individual person ever.  Just like in real life...8,472.25 out of 10.Would peruse strange houses again."
,Recommended,232430,8391467,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,lolwut,Very powerful and beautiful story. Almost made a grown man cry
76561198041838898,Recommended,232430,11842689,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Lord Birdman,"This game is diferrent. The first time I played, i didn't know anything other than I was going to be alone in a house. I thought i would be some kind of horror game. But I was totally surprised, when I found a story good enough to make me search everywhere for any information I could getThe game is not for everyone, but if you like games where you are playing to find out the story I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,232430,10826074,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,apathy๏̯๏,"Game is sweet, and super good."
,Recommended,232430,10673910,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,vampiress cheekbones,"This game is an experience in storytelling. There is something to bed said about a story told almost solely through items you discover, and the journal of a girl being read aloud to you by her disembodied voice. There are no characters to see, they don't exist in a physical sense, but you will be immersed in a world that is so very vivid, one fleshed out for you by small notes, cassette tapes, and Sam's commentary. I got wrapped up into Sam's story, into her life and her love, her struggles and her successes, and the ways I found myself relating to her. You won't regret becoming invested in her.The atmosphere of this game screams 'survival horror' in a sense. Massive, old house with secret passages, a house that is vaguely implied to be the scene of some sort of horrific occurrence;  exploring, alone, on a dark, violent stormy night. In fact, I was worried most of the game of some sort of cheap jump scare, a ghost or a bloody scene, but it never came. That's, of course, not the point of the story, but my exploration was punctuated by the tenseness I felt, and the quiet, unsure fear of what each room held. There's something to be said about a game that creates an intense atmosphere, fills the world with details (labelled videotapes and Super Nintendo games? Nostalgia) and tiny things to discover, and just...lets you roam free.Let's just say, for the second hour of the game, I was near tears. By the end of the game, I was crying. This game constricted itself around my heart in a way no other game ever has, especially one this short. It actively blurs the lines of narrative, of the ways to tell a story, and it succeeds - many games have, but this one holds a place for me because of the simplicity of the story and the masterful execution of telling it. Simply put, this game is an experience."
,Recommended,232430,10693728,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dakotaraptor,"Gone Home is an extremely well done, heartfelt, and clever game. After seeing glowing reviews, and that the game prominently features riot grrl culture from the '90s, I was already sold - but it was playing through the game itself that really got me. I didn't realize just how much I would identify with the storyline. I most definitely recommend this game. Fantastic work."
76561198044560813,Recommended,232430,14173079,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,The Ghost of Eugene Debs,"I went in knowing nothing. I'm glad I did. It was a very different gaming experience. It's not heavy on gameplay or nazi-zombies or whatever, but the story was quite touching and the game is very atmospheric. Loved every minute."
,Recommended,232430,10961460,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Batsdom,"This was one of the most unique gaming experiences I've ever had. And that is exactly what it is, an experience. This game received a lot of criticism for it's 2-hour campaign and limited content. But that's like saying that a rollercoaster sucked because you couldn't derail and go bomb Russia. Gone Home is a breath of fresh air and really pushes the limits of creative and immersive story telling. If you have ever had troubles with family, identity, or have ever been a middle child or the black sheep, you will love this game. You will connect to this game. I sternly reccomend that you buy this game at whatever price it is listed and then find the time to sit down for an uninterrupted session and play the story all the way through. Take your time, explore, breath in the lives of the deeply detailed characters, and search for all the secrets in every nook and corner. You will not regret it. It is an ground-breaking experience that exemplifies the unique skill that video games have as an expressive art form. This game is one for the history books. Gone Home is now easily one of my favorite games that I suggest to everyone, whether they game or not. I hope you can enjoy this pleasure too."
,Recommended,232430,10987147,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,BenderB0t,The feel train stops for no man
,Recommended,232430,9124624,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Splain,"Let me start buy saying this game makes for a great experience if you are into slow paced exploration games, but do to it's short length and no major replay value it is not worth the $20 it goes for. If you can get it on sale for around $8 you may feel you got your monies worth out of it.You play as Kate and you just arrived home. Your family is gone when you arrive and your goal is to search the house to find out where they are and figure out exactly what is going on. There is a very ominous presence to the house that will make you feel unease.The game has a very real feeling to it in which anyone can relate. This game takes place in the mid 90s, and it brought me back to that time a lot. You can look at and examine the majority of the items in the house. You can learn about the lives of the family through reading notes, looking at picture, listening to recordings, mail and just by looking at the personality the rooms bring to the characters.~Pros~1. It is set in the 90s and feels very real.2. You can relate to the characters and family on a level rarely experienced in gaming.3. You can explore and examine pretty much everything in the house; each item helping tell a story.~Cons~1. The price feels about double what it should be. Way to high at $20.2. The game is short and lacks replay value.~Verdict~If I could give this game a sideways thumb I would. It is a great game! But it just doesn't not hold enough content to warrant paying $20 for it. I will give it a thumbs up because if you can grab this on a good sale, it is worth the playthough."
,Not Recommended,232430,10009264,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Silver_Paladin,overpriced game thats just about two lesbians
76561198049036065,Recommended,232430,14793619,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Mioniel,"This is one of those games that will stay with me for a very long time. When I first encountered it I assumed it was some kind of horror game (which is not a genre I generally enjoy) and almost skipped it. I'm glad I didn't. Gone home is a game about a young girl facing the struggles that come with being part of the LGBT+ comunity. As a part of said comunity, I get personally offended when people claim that Gone Home is not 'a game'.People who claim Gone Home is not a game are perhaps too self centered and homophobic to wrap their minds around the fact that a game can tell a story which is not about them. Maybe you think I'm being harsh by saying this, maybe this makes you shy away from this game, afraid that it will be a social justice warrior thing (which wouldn't be a bad thing if you ask me) but it shouldn't. Gone Home tells a story, but it's also a game and it's a good game."
76561198027751093,Recommended,232430,23298926,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Flying_toast,A very nice but short little narrative game. There's nothing flashy to be expected. No big plot to uncover or enemy to overcome. Just a beautiful experience of a girl who has come home to find her sister has just left.
76561198009651157,Not Recommended,232430,16493419,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,-SOA-> TorchThi3F,"Have you ever watched a movie that looked really great in all the trailers, but then turned out to be a big let down when it finally comes out? This describes Gone Home perfectly. The store page in Steam looks great. It looks like a mystery game with a 90's flashback kind of twist.Then you start playing. The game environment is gorgeous to say the least. The way the lights and shadows look, the sound of the raging thunderstorm outside, your footsteps on the old wooden floorboards. The ambiance is beautiful. The developers did a great job of sucking you into the game world. But that's sadly where the praise stops.When they said it's a short game, they aren't kidding. You can finish the game in an hour or two, depending on how thorough you are in your exploration. The story is rather vague to start out, which I suppose is good for a mystery game. But halfway through all the pieces just suddenly and abruptly fall into place, and you know the answer to all your questions at once. There are still a few things left to do before the game is ""done"", but you already know how it all ends.As for the story plot, the word cliche comes to mind, and the little side story (I won't tell you what it is should you still want to play) abruptly ends in a trail of loose ends. This is sad because it was actually more interesting than the main plot.Oh well. At least there was the nostalgia."
,Not Recommended,232430,16743825,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Emilio Estevez,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xinLivR8Sp0
,Not Recommended,232430,16551743,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Max Impact,"Overall, Gone Home was an interesting idea, but the whole game was only maybe an hour to an hour and a half long, and there's not a lot of gameplay/puzzles involved.I probably should have read more about it, but the game looks more to be a horror game, but ultimately it's closer to an interactive story book. I think the price point of 20 dollars is incredibly high for what this game is.  I purchased it as a steam sale for 4 dollars and it's barely worth that.I do think that the idea/story was interesting, but I can't in good faith recommend this to people who are looking for an honest to goodness game. If you are looking for a semi-interactive movie? It's pretty good, but managing expectations is important. Anyone who saw this game's title and artwork surrounding the game could never have expected a game like this."
,Not Recommended,232430,16540056,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,indigo12ash,"Snooping simulator with lesbians. Even a gay woman myself, I'm not impressed. Had so much potential. Would've been so much better if I was playing as the younger sister and I actually got to play through the love story instead of seeing it through letters that the older sister was reading and finding."
76561198082749779,Not Recommended,232430,16779083,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,papapolak,"Game doesn't meet expectations. Story is not that intelligent nor well presented, whole set-up seems too convinient. Ending is good and fulfilling, but delivery just didn't click for me."
76561198074679883,Not Recommended,232430,16780601,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Slurpee Shoes,"This isn't really a game. Its just run around clicking droors so you can find stuff to read a really lame story. Then it just ends. Go read a book. That would be a much better use of your time. The only good thing about this ""game"" is that you'll finish it in about an hour."
,Recommended,232430,10305418,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,toreyrawr,Suspenceful and beautiful. Short play-through.
76561197971951902,Not Recommended,232430,16500646,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,SaturnFX,"Its not a game. lets get this out of the way.Some minor spoilers ahead:If you get it thinking you have a good game you are about to play, you are gonna end up throwing your keyboard through your monitor.What it is, is a narrated exploration / story with elements of a mystery.In that respect, this title is good. it is dreadfully short, and I had my sister play (who absolutely hated it btw) and she found almost instantly the place where you get the attic key..aka, the end. I told her not to go in that one room yet as it is not meant to be..she of course did find the other place way beforehand also (missfits).Anyhow, I am going to hit no, because its titled like this: ""liked or disliked about this *game*. this is not a game, however, if you want to explore a house sort of frozen in time in 1995, and the story about the typical angst teen girl and her ""uniqueness"", then its definately worth picking up.As far as what it is..the exploration narrative. I like the idea. I would like to see other exnar's in different timeframes. perhaps a story in the 70s (play with lite brights and the atari 2600 in the kids rooms, etc), etc. so, as a way to tell stories, it is quite effective..just not a game. Not bad at all and a exciting new medium that should be matured, especially with virtual headsets coming out where exploration in simulations will be ""all the rage"""
,Recommended,232430,10329583,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Chicken Boo,"Beautiful game, creates an open environment in which you truly discover and explore."
,Recommended,232430,10193911,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,I MISS EVERY SHOT,A beautifully told story. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,232430,9507580,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,(´･ω･`),"One of the greastet games I have ever played. I would only recomend if you can enjoy a game just for its story, because thats what makes this game amazing."
,Not Recommended,232430,29948057,Posted: 15 February,all,MrCinimini,"I didn't really think the theme of the game was something I would enjoy but the story turned out to be pretty good (It does a great job at creating suspense). I liked the ambience - the amount of detail in the house and the sound direction (probably the backbone of all walking simulators).  But the actual gameplay I think was too monotonous. A lot of reading is involved. They decided to actually scan real life letters and drawings and handwriting in general, so some of the text is actually pretty unreadable. Not that it matters, because most of it is not what you’d call interesting or essential to the story. Also there are a lot of pointless interactive objects in the house. Things that again don't contribute anything to the story or immersion, in my opinion. And whilst the developers made a good job recreating a realistic 90s house in a video game, it’s still just that. One might even describe it as overwhelmingly mundane, but not in a nostalgic, cool kind of way, but just plain boring and predictable. And when you can complete the entire game in under a minute (whilst speedrunning) the 20 euro price tag seems utterly ludicrous. Now, this is the point where I was going to end my review saying ''Don't buy it'', but I went back and played the game once more, but this time with the developer commentary enabled. I mean the creative process of creating a game is very interesting. And building the game from nothing takes huge amount of time and skill, especially if there are only a few people working on it. The developers highlighted some things that I had missed on my first playthrough or rather took for granted. These insights reminded me of the time I made a 10 page newspaper for my english class assignment (smth like 8th grade). It took me roughly 5 months to produce six pages of content I was kind of happy with. It was an enormous chore to think out what was going to be in the newspaper: the attitude of the newspaper, the individual stories, the proportions, the layout, the overall design, the writing style, the pictures, the ads - everything had to be perfect (since it was WAY past the hand in deadline and I wanted to salvage a good grade and of course make the teacher feel bad for ever doubting my abilities). Anyway, after that much effort put into a project, it sure would be nice to be rewarded (*high price tag*). But we still have to look at everything objectively. Yes the teacher was very impressed by my efforts (so much so, that she decided to take it as a keepsake),but I still got an F. And so, while I did enjoy the game, no way should it get away with costing twice the money it’s worth. Snatch it on a sale though."
76561198070302520,Recommended,232430,19853723,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,SeniorNoodles,"No Spoilers kappa.If you enjoy listening to sounds of slippery rug rubbing this game is definitely not for you.  The utter lack of suspense and joy from this wonderful tale about a female feminist and her militaristic sex kitten is quite honestly the worst thing ive reviewed in my record of one review.... Also the code is 0501 theres some hot pics of lesbian hand holding in the attic. SMFD bioshock writers ya done ♥♥♥♥ed up. -JettThe best part about this game was the fact me and my friends making fun off it... it was obvious she was a lesbian and the story was just meh, and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥how many notes do you need??? The 10,000 pages of useless text offered no real immersion into the story. I was honestly hoping for a good story with some poltergiest♥♥♥♥♥♥involved, when playing it with Jett, Cameron and Me, we found the poltergiest books and I got excited, the creepy hallways and literally the biggest house ever. Assumed it would be good... No, just a meat curtian slug fest... -BraedenDeez Nutz, in retrospect, 10/10 would not buy again. - Cameron"
,Recommended,232430,20097175,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Axe Raider,"There's a lot of controversy about the fame and praise that this game has received, and that's because people lump this into the category of ""video games"". This is something else entirely. It's a landmark achievement in interactive storytelling.The people whining are the ones disappointed because they spent their money on a game where ""nothing happens"". They're looking at it completely wrong. There's a really well-written story here and you, as the player, piece it all together through the act of exploring a house.The way the story evolves over time and the method in which you slowly unlock different parts of the house is superbly done. Voice acting is phenomenal and the game has a few extremely emotional moments. Everything down to the little handwritten notes are done so convincingly that you want to believe it's real.In a video game industry constantly under fire for it's over-reliance on violence as a method of storytelling, Gone Home capitalizes on the power of player emotion and progressive storytelling. It goes to show the power of the medium and it sets the stage for more incredible things to come from here on out.It's really, really good."
,Recommended,232430,11010987,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,AkaJenny,"This isn’t so much of a game as it is an interactive story. You walk around a house and collect clues that builds up into the story. As you go along, you'll unlock entries in a journal that are read to you in the voice of Sam (of which the story is mostly centred) and that carries everything forward. If you hear a new diary entry, you are winning basically.The soundtrack is mostly gentle, and the outside raging storm add's a nice background tapping of rain to accompany you on your short adventure. It's kind of relaxing in a way, even if it seems to add in little bits of 'perhaps something spooky is going on' hints. The year is 1994, which makes it slightly nostalgic assuming you were born in the 1980s.It took me just over an hour to get to the end, and that was with me taking my time. I just do not think there is enough here as a game to be worth the none sale price, but its certainly worth experiencing and is by no means rubbish. You just have to know what it is you are buying. There is virtually no gameplay, no way to die, no mistakes, your only struggle is that you may end up lost in the house now and again retracing your steps to find something you missed."
76561198141238685,Recommended,232430,10864447,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,On Thin Ice,"Gone Home is a game I can't reccomend for everyone, because for the some the price doesn't justify the experience. But for those who want something different, a unique experience, then I fully reccomend Gone Home to those people. Some people argue that gone isn't a game, while I see the point these people make, in my opinion there is a substance to qualify it as a game. The story is interactive and provides incentive for exploration, you have to uncover the story, piecing together the events, it is possible to skip key points if you don't pay attention to the environment.This game is a unique experience for this medium and although it's not for everyone, those who do appreciate it will enjoy what this game has to offer.Also the game isn't 5 minutes long."
,Recommended,232430,11039969,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Faerly,"Very gay, A+"
,Recommended,232430,11314861,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Buddy Baker,"I had a great experience with playing this game. I enjoyed the story telling and I think the central love story is touching and something that needs to be seen more in video games/popular media in general. This game reminds me of Dear Esther, somewhat, but it's more interactive and I experienced much more suspense than the former."
,Not Recommended,232430,9867415,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Scoot,"I totally loved the first 30 minutes of this game.  The atmosphere was excellent and the mystery was personal and immense.  But then the exploration and study of the game that I had made my world turned to naught.  Nothing I worked for mattered because the actual final mysteries were about as interesting as finding out your grandma had 3 cats instead of 2, or that your neighbor's TV was broken.  The game morphed from surreal to real to normal to mundane.  I wouldn't recommend this game if it were free.  Everything after the initial feel of it is a pointless waste."
,Not Recommended,232430,10542884,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Tacolegs,"No. They presented it as a beautiful sorta creepy mystery type thing, when it's really just a story about lesbians. It was a massive letdown and I regret ever playing it."
76561198118681103,Recommended,232430,10546323,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Paco Bort,nice game... thought it was a thriller... turns out it wasn't scary at all... except the creepy music!
76561198037216801,Recommended,232430,10763566,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mister_Monday,"Gone Home somehow makes me feel nostalgia for a time that I don't remember and a life that I was never a part of. Whilst moodily lit side-on puzzlers like The Swapper carry atmosphere by the buckets, Gone Home manages to carry the same buckets despite being a frank, well-lit (sometimes) first person mystery/collect-'em-up.Story-driven gameplay has come into its own recently with fantastic titles like Bastion (and now Transistor) and To the Moon from small, independent developers, blowing away some of the cliched, predictable or plain boring plots seen in many AAA titles. I longed for more and couldn't resist playing one more room, until the credits ran at 3:30am to the eccentric, punchy, f**k-you-too 90's girl band rock that catalogues the whole game.You are used as a framing device to discover the difficulties that your younger sister has suffered whilst you have been travelling the world and really to say more than that would begin to enter spoiler territory.In the interest of completeness, whilst the story I feel is worth its £15/$20 pricetag, the max 3-5 hours gameplay you get from the game may not be and for some may be worth waiting for sales. At sale prices however, with 75% off it would be a mistake to miss it.Exciting, moreish, atmospheric, misleading, 90's-soaked and witty on its own terms; Gone Home is going home with a 9/10."
76561198029512662,Recommended,232430,11143568,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,ForeverlongPhoenix,"If you actually take your time instead of rushing through, it's pretty interesting and has a very nice story. For the five dollars I paid, it was about 2 hours of play. Movies cost more and usually dont last that long. They aren't interactive either. Don't play it if you're homophobic."
,Recommended,232430,11158587,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,狐,"One of the most touching stories I have ever read. Made me feel for Sam, sister of the protagonist."
,Recommended,232430,11179599,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,barthezz,"Great compact story, so much feels!However, be warned, the game is only 1-2 hours long, dont try to cheat and use a guide of some sort to get through the story, as you will end up missing out on a lot, just keep looking for the clues and figure it out on your own."
,Recommended,232430,9119943,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Soul,"This game is incredible, & shows some of what this medium is capable of when it sheds a few of its assumptions & focuses on telling a story in an honest, direct fashion. This isn't a meta-critique, or some kind of clever deconstruction, it's just a story told in a way that benefits from being a video game.Most of all, this game demonstrates how much gaming is being held back by its current narrow traditions. Mainstream films & video games are terribly stagnant, but Gone Home really highlights that while films seem to be coming down from their golden era, video games are only just finding their potential.This is a game you don't have to play like a game - you don't have to always been looking out for the tropes or usual boring expectations you automatically have of video games. It plays like a narrative which is trying its best to utilise the kind of engagement a game can offer. It's telling a story first, and being a video game where appropriate."
,Recommended,232430,8412619,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Gramblin' Man,"Jesus H. Tap-Dancing Christ, avoid if you don't want your heart broken into a million pieces and promptly sewn back together.Worth the price of admission, sale or no sale."
,Recommended,232430,16011608,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,The Scrivener,"Fantastic, atmospheric, inspired, angers whiny teenage boys on the Internet.11/10."
76561198025259934,Recommended,232430,13275371,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,ButButtBat,Warning! Requires empathy for optimal gaming experience!
,Recommended,232430,8470807,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Kryn,Genuinely scary without trying to be. A good love story unless you're with the westboro baptist church.
,Recommended,232430,13654014,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Prince Nicky La Flama Blanca,"It's definitely a story game, not an adventure or scary game in the slightest. It's also rather short so if aren't interested in a game like this I wouldn't purchase it. I found it rather enjoyable and it really showed me some 90s culture. Grab it on sale though because $19.99 is rather pricey. I got it for $5 so I was pleased. Check it out some time if you want. 8/10"
,Recommended,232430,11100104,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,darkMavis,"I wholly and heartily recommend this game.I'm certainly not going to spoil anything, but I wish there was a sprint button because I was getting desparate at the end of the game to find out what had happened to Sam.  The game brillantly forms an emotional attachment between players and characters through it's subtle story telling; show don't tell.A fine example of how computer games can be the highest form of story telling."
,Recommended,232430,11087967,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Pingk,"An interesting concept and story, but not without its issues:The mechanics of the game are minimal, which itself is not a bad thing. Thomas Was Alone also has very little in the way of complex mechanical interactions, and it was better for it. Gone Home rewards players who explore and try to find out more about the world, but exploring is slow, because walking is slow, and there is no run button, which doesn't make sense to me, even in the context of story: If I came home to find no one there, I'd be running around trying to figure out why.The story is clearly where the designers focused their effort, and what a story it is. I haven't finished it yet, but so far I like it. It starts fairly slowly, which may put off some people, and you need to be patient for the first 20 minutes or so, but after that the pace really kicks off."
,Recommended,232430,11110452,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Gamer,"Gone Home is an amazing love story about two teenage girls. The voice acting is fantastic and it kept me interested about Sam and Lonnie's love relationship in their lives. The atmosphere and the house is phenomenal! It made me felt i really was home. :)My rating of Gone Home....Atmosphere: 10/10The House: 20/10Plot:10/10Voice acting: 10/10Am I being biased? To others maybe.In my honest opinion, Gone Home is the best story driven game I've ever played! :D <3"
76561198123128927,Recommended,232430,11095394,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,kaoticelement,"Gone Home is a totally sweet, albeit short, experience. The game only took about two hours to complete, but I was glued to the damn screen from the beginning."
,Recommended,232430,11095994,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Danthebard,"Gone Home tells a great story. Just a headsup, there isn't a lot of gameplay or puzzle action here. The ""game"" is rather simple, but the buildup of the story and all the extra things you can learn and figure out as you make your way through the house will keep you hooked and entertained. That said the game should only last you 2-3 hours, so pick up on sale."
76561197993679462,Recommended,232430,11090150,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Fuza,Good game
76561198075830373,Not Recommended,232430,11297326,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Diplo,Walking simulator 2013
,Recommended,232430,7982301,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Torment,"Finally, computer games are coming of age.Great game."
76561198090448388,Recommended,232430,7989901,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Cool Hand Luke,"Short but sweet, Gone Home has a powerful and emotional story that pulls you in and doesn't let go. It's brilliant use of a horror atmosphere drives you onward and makes you want to discover the houses secrets while envoking suspense and dread throughout. A true masterpiece. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,232430,8359758,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,RedArcher,"Wonderful example of how awesome exploration games can be, no real puzzles , no combat. Just good story telling with multimedia.  Loved this one more than ""Dear Ester"" , which is saying alot. Good pacing, atmosphere and music really went a long way for me. I think it is worth aleast one play through by any one that likes and enjoys explorations games."
,Recommended,232430,7451956,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,★Die Outa Toe★,"A touching, yet simple, story told very well through exploration of a home."
76561198075808008,Recommended,232430,11097734,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,ThugitMcNugget,"Its a lovely lovely story. Great exploration and awesome 90's feel to it. The house felt like a house! Crazy, yes?I recommend playing it, but for the price.... wait for a special or just play it at a friends house (ask for no spoilers if you have those kind of friends!).The game is short and you would want to play it maybe twice, so think carefully before you purchase.Other than that, its a solid STORY."
76561198031868493,Recommended,232430,11103887,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Nixxitt,"The short:Recommended buy, if on sale for less than $5, because it is not worth the full price no matter how decent the game is.The less short:It is not a bad exploration game though at times it seems more a guided tour by your absent sibling. Once you find the map it is just a matter of clicking on objects until the story is told. There seems to be only one room to discover and that is the one that ends the game. Still it was enjoyable and the overall adventure ended, for me, on a positive note. Thankfully I purchased this two hour game on sale, as there is NO replayability. Its price per gaming time is a hard pill to swallow."
76561198025402217,Recommended,232430,11107984,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Fidgit Barksdale,Original in many ways.  Short and sweet.
,Recommended,232430,11108554,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Eye_of_Thoth,"What a wonderful experience that ""Gone Home"" offers.  More story than game, and I was drawn into it and couldn't stop till the end.  In many ways it felt like I was getting to sneak around and learn about real people and their lives...it never felt fake.Pros: Extreme attention to detail.  The ""Home"" is more like ""Mansion"" due to it's size and complexity.  The emotional involvement I felt is rare for this kind of game.  There was a reminiscence to ""Myst"".Cons: The game was rather straightforward, and lacked serious puzzle solving.  It was also rather short...I finished the main story in less than 3 hours and that was with me carefully examining everything I could get my hands on!...if only I could have experienced more of this ""world""!"
,Recommended,232430,11102965,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,neoadorable,"Was very cynical of this like many with the whole walking simulator thing, but thanks to the summer 2014 sale finally got it. On multiple levels. I mean, i got it. Everything said of Gone Home is true. If you're not from the era that the devs are aiming for, it won't touch you. But if you came of age in the 1990's then you're going to love this. It's purely emotional and nostalgic, and sure it's quite stereotypically Pacific Northwest and what would not be called emo - but back then there was no emo, really. There was shoegazing, there were VHS tapes, and there was Space Above and Beyond on TV - even though the devs got the dates wrong hahaha.I cried, no shame in admitting that i think. The mechanics of the game work great, the mood is great, but most of all it's a spectacular period piece. From the second i heard the first notes of the title music (which also plays in-game ALL the time, admittedly), i loved Gone Home.Kinda feel bad for being a doubter, though the criticism stands: this is a 100% committed period piece. If it was set in the 1970's I would not feel as strongly about it, but it takes place in the era when I became the person I am now, and brings back many vivid memories, good and bad. It's also the polar opposite of stuff like Dark Souls, which I also love. Gone Home is about immersion through relaxation, not challenge. In short, being born between i'd say 1968 and 1980 required ahead, and then quite something!"
76561198067248695,Recommended,232430,11107439,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,excitingelectrons,"I honestly found Gone Home a refreshing break from your standard gaming. It was nice to focus on story rather than learning complicated mechanics, dodging zombies, and the like. Though you can figure out the majority of the story early, exploring and learning the story is still highly worth it. 5/5"
76561198008900293,Recommended,232430,14643142,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Jasper,"This is a really great story. I'm not going to get into the debate of what video games are and all that. I enjoyed this. I like these sort of things better than reading a book, honestly."
76561198055736250,Recommended,232430,8555009,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,YDMfreshmaker,"Exceptional example of non-narrative story telling.Very moving, with wonderful levels of detail."
,Recommended,232430,13480999,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ferrosol,"Gone HomeIt's 1995. You've just arrived back home from a long trip in Europe to find your home deserted. Through a series of notes and a brilliantly atmospheric environment, you puzzle together the fate of your missing family and learn precisely what happened to your sister while you were away. I cannot recommend it highly enough. It manages to pack more pathos into its 2 hours than Skyrim managed in 60. I laughed I cried, I cringed and I felt for characters you never actually meet.Video Games may not have had their Citizen Kane yet, but if there is any justice in the worldGone Homewill certainly be remembered as it's Battleship Potemkin.A trendsetter and a sign that the medium is maturing.Pros-A deep and engaging story-Incredibly Atmospheric-A true interactive storyCons-Its short, 2 hours is enough to max the game and it has very little replay value.-The ""gameplay"" is weak. There are a handful of puzzles but otherwise there is no ""gameplay"" to speak of."
76561198086792176,Recommended,232430,13592953,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Robin,"I loved this game. It is a heavy story, told gracefully. The music was great, the atmosphere was awesome and I fell in love with the characters. I know a lot of people didn't like it, but as a punk girl growing up in the height of the Riot Grrl movement, this game could have been written specifically for me.Don't go into it expecting your classic platformer or shooter- this is its own beast. If you liked finding the recorders in Bioshock and hearing all the back story, then you'll probably enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,232430,16491476,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Silverflamezz,short & overrated
,Recommended,232430,9414808,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Walrasaurus,Awesome game with a beautiful story. I wish I could play it again not knowing the ending.
,Recommended,232430,18975504,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,val_waralic,"Oooo my little gay heart! Such an amazing game! I really loved the ""spooky"" aspect to it, but was very happy in the knowledge that it's a safe game to play if you scare easily! Took about an hour and a half to play. Highly recommended! I never expected to identify so much with a character, but Sam and I are two peas in a pod, props to the devs!"
76561198069584775,Recommended,232430,16774505,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Kim Jong Fun,It may seem scary but there's no ghosts. Also the ending is gonna have you going on a rollercoaster of feels and make you wonder what the actual ♥♥♥♥ just happened.
,Recommended,232430,19728571,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,mispy,"I see Gone Home as a kind of horror/suspense story built not on fear of the supernatural or dangerous, but the very real and human fear of rejection by family. The more you find out about Sam's story, the more you want to protect her (like a big sister would!), and the scarier the prospect of losing her becomes. If you've had experience with this kind of bigotry, even indirectly, the empathy will be particularly strong.In the end, though, it's also really heartwarming. <3"
76561198058707095,Recommended,232430,14539323,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Janos Xyn,"This was an excellent little game with a very heartfelt and authentic story. I really didn't know what to expect when I first started playing, but the game immediately creates a great atmosphere with just the right balance of eerie and mysterious. What especially struck me was how mundane the world was, but in a great way. It really feels like you are experiencing a true story, not living a larger than life video game. I appreciate the simple depth that it has, and as a child of the 90s, I loved the subtle throwbacks to teen culture.I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a short sojourn with a touching story and simple gameplay."
,Recommended,232430,16009619,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,oliverklee,"This game is unusual. It has an amotional and moving story about personal choices, finding one's identity, and about growing up. The game tells the story in a quite unconventional way: The player has to figure out what has happened by piecing together the items and clues found in a manor.There were some things I didn't like: The story moves far too slowly, and most of the time playing is spent wandering about the too-big house. The puzzles do not contribute to the plot or to the suspense, and the some puzzles just seem random (press some wall panels). In addition, the graphics looks quite unpolished, reducing the overall atmosphere."
,Recommended,232430,16003304,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Reidabee,"However short it may be, Gone Home left a lasting impression with me.  Exploring a house while unraveling a mystery through thoughtful diaries and top notch voice acting is a great experience.  If you're not into small, tight, story-based experiences, this one's not for you, but if you are, give it a go, you'll probably enjoy your time."
,Recommended,232430,14817125,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,[H.Y.Y] Tabbycat627,"One of those games where you think to yourself when it ends:Wait, was that IT? I clicked all around and got a really juicy story, and you end it like THAT? COME ON, MAN!"
,Recommended,232430,10960418,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Cimeries,"Lesbians, yo."
,Recommended,232430,16318931,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,KuroT1k,This game is a very short but sweet game. If you want a 90's experiance then here you go. The ending is a real tear jerker.
,Recommended,232430,16362350,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,mochiinvasion,"#relatableand also a fantastic experience, a great and very personal story, and a beautiful if short game. maybe not worth £15, but i got it on sale for very cheap, and i'd recommend it to anyone (on sale)."
,Recommended,232430,8929789,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Hopey,Gone Feels
76561198019536813,Recommended,232430,28724799,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Cú,This was great! Punk as ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,232430,10623856,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,end_user_options,"This is a really enjoyable game.  Just picked it up on at the Summer Sale price and I highly recommend it at his price, Less so if it were at full price.  THe only reason for this is the amount of content, it doesn't take too long to play through the game.  Although, what you do get is a very quality game that tells an interesting story.  Check it out."
,Recommended,232430,24656615,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,vilieto,"Got it for 4 bucks during the sale, and I feel like this is a more just price fot what you're getting.I can't say the game is bad, but rather misleading - plot suggesting a mystery house with a dark past, secret passeges, satanic references, emergency weather situation and all that. I went in expecting a spooky dark story, maybe some scares here and there, yet got quite the opposite by the end - a teenage love story.It wasn't a bad way to pass a couple hours, but I would like to see something a bit more advanced from the devs next time.PS: $5 for the soundtrack is a bit too ambitious. I wouldn't recommend getting that at all."
,Recommended,232430,14688065,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Mooxykins,Randomly bought this game - It wasn't bad if you enjoy this type of game but I actually had no idea what I bought it was just super cheap when I got it and I thought for like 50% of the game in it was going to turn into some scary game cause of all of the eerie sounds.. It was great lol. The sound effects/sound track was interesting but in the end I rather liked the storyline quite a bit.
76561198065514780,Recommended,232430,14909681,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,mikep621,"Great game. Very atmospheric, with a good, but basic, story throughout. Only real flaw is a lack of replayability."
76561198191875071,Recommended,232430,16608005,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,mojo,"It's not what it seems on the surface but it is a really touching, well narrated, interesting and involving story and I really enjoyed the experience."
,Recommended,232430,33464814,Posted: 11 July,all,SaraBearaAye,"This is one of the most moving games that I have had to luxury to play. If you're able to search the whole house, then you're able to learn so much about each of the family memebers. I recommend this game to anyone who just wants a calm game and a good story line. Fair warning, you may be in tears by the end of it."
76561198061915226,Recommended,232430,30853650,Posted: 31 March,all,vorox,"ONE. OF. THE. BEST. GAMES. EVER. I streamed my first playthyrough of this game and it was one of the greatest games I've ever played, and probably one of if not the best love stories I've seen in media AND IT WAS IN A GAME. I don't recall being moved to tears like that by any game, movie or book in a very long time, and the LGBTQ representaion is desperately needed in games and in general, I would like to write a more in depth review but I'm getting emotional just thinking about it and I really can't deal with that right now, plus, it might have spoilers, so to summerize, BUY. THIS. GAME."
,Recommended,232430,30317573,Posted: 4 March,all,Lyzzie,"Gone Home is an amazing game about a girl who get back from abroad and find herself in a completely empty house. Her family is gone and through the journals of her sister that you have to search in the entire house, we get to know what happened.The atmosphere of the game is amazing, as well as the music, graphics and the entire gameplay.And the narrative is an unexpected love history that kept me awake up to 2h30 am, when I finally finished it.Simply amazing!"
,Recommended,232430,23429851,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Shades Jackson,"Great atmosphere, BUT THIS WAS NOT WHAT I EXPECTED. Wouldn't mind a horror game in the same vein as this. Without any spoilers, going in I assumed that the ""mystery"" that we would be unraveling as to why there is no one home, would be that we would slowly come to realize that all our family had been murdered, kidnapped, etc. NOPE... honestly this game was worth the price, I was invested by the end. If there was anything that I would change, it's that the story seems to be building up to something, but then it just ends with an easy out."
76561198049188699,Recommended,232430,15427383,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Nikolaus I,Nice game with a great story and nice theme/plot change.
,Recommended,232430,12077536,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,yinyang_doggo.exe,"Great game for those starting to play FPS. This game will definitely help someone get used to using the keys and mouse as a controller. Gameplay was pretty standard, which left myself in familiar territory; One where I didn't feel like it needed anything extra. The plot was quite fantastic. I feel like I missed something in the plot, but I imagine a replay of this game will fill the missing piece. 5/5 Will recommend to those interested in stories. However my leaderboard friends woul be highly disappointed in this game. But you cna't make everyone happy, right?Still, 5/5, will be recommending."
,Recommended,232430,14753724,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Mettle,3 hour adventure reading about your sisters sexual curiousity in a spooky and bizarrely sized mansion/house.8/8
,Not Recommended,232430,15740874,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,SERATONIA,it triggered me
,Recommended,232430,13600543,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,b0x3d,"Love the concept. The intrigue. The story as it unfolds. And the house is very atmospheric; the sound and graphics are good, with lights blinking and floor boards creaking, especially when played on your own in the dark. But I was expecting more. More scares. More on the ghost. Overall found it has potential but lacks depth."
76561197995208134,Recommended,232430,32382066,Posted: 12 June,all,Byron29831,This is a really terrific game that tells a great story and really taps into my nostalgia.
,Recommended,232430,15597209,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,AwCmonPuddin,"Short but sweet.Gone Home is an interactive story. You come home to an empty house looking for clues to where your family has gone. The whole game you expect something creepy to happen but it never does. It is just a lesbian love story that you slowly piece together.I enjoyed the story, it was pretty entertaining. But the price is definitely an issue, only buy this on sale."
76561198044461179,Recommended,232430,18784937,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,kellerintheshadows,"This game was beautiful and heartfelt and uuuugh, I don't know what to say. I identified with it on such a personal level."
,Recommended,232430,16768816,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,EnterTheRobot,So '90s. The only thing it's missing is Sleater Kinney. It only takes about two hours to finish.7.5/10
76561198073865504,Recommended,232430,16768854,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Dirac,"First off, let's address the criticism: Yes, the game is a walking simulator.  Yes, the only gameplay elements are meandering through a house, reading notes, turning lights on and/or off, and picking up miscellaneous items to spin them around and examine their features - often for no substantial reason.  No, there are not any jump scares or really any horror elements.  It's pure exploration and piecing together a family's story.  And it takes about 2 hours to finish.That aside, I genuinely enjoyed this game.  It's one of those few examples where learning more about the story is a reward in itself.  The subject matter is quite mundane, but that's why it's so effective; it's a story that is grounded, believable, engrossing, and - at the risk of sounding like a pretentious snob - utterly human.  It did not thrill or challenge me, but it did affect me emotionally; not quite on the level that, say The Cat Lady or Silent Hill 2 did, but more than a lot of games.  And for that, I enjoyed it quite a bit.I can see why people hate this game; it hardly even qualifies as a game.  But for what it is - an experience of exploration and gradually uncovering an emotional story - it is excellent.  I will probably never play it again, but for the two hours that I did play it, it made a substantial impact on me.  It is also pertinent to note that I only paid $2.39, and I would say that is a fair price; $20 is too high for such a short experience - even though it is very well done."
,Recommended,232430,24144744,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,anuarlequerica,"I enjoyed every moment of Gone Home, including learning about each family member's life thru the objects in the house."
76561198047947642,Recommended,232430,24041280,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,michalk,"It’s not so different from something like exploring vaults in Fallout 3, so I don’t get the whole “it’s not a game” argument. Instead of shooting irradiated rats and reading old computer logs you get to listen to music from the 90s and explore a more personal love story. Attention to detail is astounding, even though the only point of reference I have are old TV shows from the US. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,232430,24210217,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Ryuk,"i think it was the best short game i played so far. Great story, good graphic and music. bought it on summer sale so the price wasn't high and worth it.it will take 2 hours to finish it (if you read the books and stuff) but man, what a beautiful 2 hours you will have! i think i will play it one more time just for experiencing the way story moves on. i am sure if devs lower the price, more people will buy it and also there will be no negative comments."
76561198014098113,Recommended,232430,8852021,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Logiwonk,"This game is a tight, well-crafted story and is well-worth the money. I don't think a game has ever felt so personal."
,Recommended,232430,8852389,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Xamus,"Heartwarming, heartbreaking.  Game of the year."
76561198109315541,Recommended,232430,16766792,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,apis_mellifera,"Very immersive with good story, however it is not worth 20$. Do yourself a favor and get this game when its on sale."
,Not Recommended,232430,23829966,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ShavedSheep🐑,I bought this when it first came out and all the collusion and high reviews were posted and it was made to look like a horror game. Nope. Tumblr lesbians. 90's kids. Don't buy this.
,Recommended,232430,8639004,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,OkGold,"Very touching unique gameplay, open story for the better, you get from it what you want"
,Recommended,232430,8598536,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Muhgains,It's so god damn powerful I cried like a little ♥♥♥♥♥. 10/10. Seriously buy it.
,Recommended,232430,15856538,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,God,Wait for it to go on sale. Very good atmospheric game with a pretty intense story. Worth playing but not worth 20.
76561198015395305,Recommended,232430,10986697,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,waterfairy,"This game is very short, but I enjoyed playing it. I would have been happier if a few of the things hinted at in the game, such as the house, and it's previous owner, had been expanded upon, but for $1.50 I am quite a happy camper."
,Recommended,232430,10966235,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Justin,"The best story exploration video game I've ever played. I haven't played many, but this one was still really really good."
76561197998889273,Recommended,232430,24136012,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,wander j,"I don't know how I feel about walking simulators. I've played many and found them...meh. If you go into Gone Home understanding that it's more of a 3d tour than a game and allow yourself to get invested in the story you may come away content with the experience. The home you travel through is convincingly detailed. The story is well written,paced and voiced. Overall a worthwhile hour and a half."
76561197983550318,Recommended,232430,24461612,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,ducttape12,"tl;dr: A short but enjoyable game that focuses more on story telling and atmosphere rather than violence.  Although a bit pretentious at times, the people and the environment feel real.  Worth it for <$5 if you're interested in this type of game.The Good:- Characters feel like real people- The house feels like a real house- Story kept me interested- Difficulty is spot on; this is more about exploring than mind bending puzzlesThe Bad:- It's about a 2.5 hour game (and they could have told more story if they wanted too!)  Not worth $20 but worth it for <$5.- Gets a bit pretentious at times- Felt it focused too much on one family member- Story was a bit predictableThe Ugly:- Doesn't work with the Xbox One controller - only the Xbox 360 controller :(- 90's punk rock"
,Recommended,232430,24628267,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,smashouille,"I played this game in one go.Once you start you want to know what happened.It is a story based game, if you like exploration game with a bit of investigation, then you will have fun for 2h.Definitely recommand it."
76561197971256349,Recommended,232430,24630832,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Lucas Is Awesome,"Enjoyable, good atmos.   I got it on special 80% off or something like that.  Only at this price the game is value for money."
76561198137068906,Recommended,232430,24139859,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,stellarine,"I played this game mostly late at night, with the lights off all around me. I recommend doing that to get the maximum effect from this game. It was nostalgic and heartfelt and beautiful and, at times, just the right amount of dreadful. The devil's in the details."
,Recommended,232430,34409791,Posted: 21 August,all,Nastusia,I walked around with the skull and steggy for a while. Turning things around would sometimes freak out the object for me but i suspect that's my mouse lol. 10/10 would throw stuff around so my parents can find a mess when they get home.
,Recommended,232430,17188872,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,ErikTheRed,I highly recommend this game if you like exploratory games. I found the story to be wonderful and well executed. I would say this game created just the right amount of tention to keep the atmosphere palpable.
,Recommended,232430,31707450,Posted: 12 May,all,PizzaMonster<3,"This game is absolutely amazing. It's relaxing, even tho some things scare me, nothing to be scared of really. If you're like me and you don't like to be in an empty house, this might be a problem, but it is a great story to unlock so I would absolutely recommend this game"
,Recommended,232430,24620575,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,ThatNickGuy,"I wouldn't say GONE HOME is worth the full price. If you can get it on a discount like 75% or higher, then I say get it. The voice work is fantastic, the house is incredibly well designed as a throwback to the 90s, and the short story is engaging.Personally, I think this is a good example of ""walking simulator"" or ""interactive storytelling,"" like Dear Esther. Unlike Dear Esther, though, there is more interactivity. You need to solve a few puzzles in order to progress through the house and the story (such as finding lock combinations, keys, and maps to secret passages). The game rewards these puzzles by furthering the story of a teenage girl. It's a good, short coming of age story, actually, as the girl discovers more about herself.BUT, it is short. As engaging as the story is, you can beat the game in only a couple of hours. Which is why I don't believe it's worth the full price. But I think it's worth experiencing it at least once."
,Recommended,232430,23759431,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,tess622,If you are looking for a spooky game this isn't for you. This is a story driven walking simulator game. Buy this when it's on sale. Gone Home is a nice game to play when you need to something to do.
,Recommended,232430,23756646,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,dani_xo,"Well, at the sales price I definitely recommend the game. I kind of got Life is Strange vibes when playing. I finished it in about 3 hours, but I took a lot of time looking for everything and having no mouse slowed me down. So it's a pretty short game. I found it interesting overall, but I was expecting more. The storyline didn't really shock me, but I suppose it's an emotional game. I was hoping for to see a ghost or something... I was pretty spooked at the beginning of the game, but all of that went away about 10 minutes in. But it's not supposed to be a horror game in the first place so it's not really anything to complain about. I also feel like the description of the game makes it seem like something more intense is supposed to happen and the ending would unfold something shocking, maybe even sinister. Overall, yeah, for the sales price I would recommend it. It was still enjoyable and it genuinely made me emotional at times. I wouldn't have spent 20 bucks on it though."
,Not Recommended,232430,13263797,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,canadianultra,"I payed $4 for this game and I still feel like it's a rip off.First of all the game is short, too short.I also understand that this game is about story, not gameplay. Too bad the story stinks......"
,Recommended,232430,12096021,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Scooter,"I really enjoyed this game. There isn't much traditional gameplay. It's more like an interactive story that unfolds at the pace you want it to.The story itself is endearing. I started playing it, and couldn't stop playing it until I got to the end. If I were to put this game into book form, it would make a very short book. It's more like a playable short story.There's an incredible attention to detail, both in the items and things you find and examine, and in the environment. You're home alone in an old house, and you notice every little creak that the house makes.I sort of understand the $20 price tag, given the amount of detail and thought that had to go into this game. However, I can't say that the price is worth the experience. It pains me to say that, because I think this is worth experiencing, but had I spent the full amount, I would have been disappointed.At time of writing, (September 14, 2014) it's part of the current Humble Bundle. It's worth beating the average to get this game, so go do that.I've heard some call this game scary. It's not. It invokes some small, primal dread that you're not alone in this big empty house, but overall, it's not scary. It did make me feel lots of feelings, and not all of them were good. But that's okay, a game story doesn't have to be good all the time.Definitely pick up this game if it's on sale, or if you're reading this during the aforementioned Humble Bundle. Just don't expect any agency or choices. Your only choices are how you explore the story."
,Recommended,232430,23479619,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,uLILgunSISSY =D,While I expected something along the lines of something from Frictional games I instead found myself moving along with the story and moved along by the great attention to detail through to the end. While the 80s nostalgia was a nice touch I found myself interested in the unraveling storyline of a family broken apart while attempting to peek through every little detail the developers made accessible.There's no way I can explain how good of an experience this game was better than what you'd find perusing online reviews but I recommend the buy—as long as you don't have ADHD. Have a great day.
,Recommended,232430,14041044,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Tawhidish,Played it. Finished it. Loved it. And missed it when it was over.
,Recommended,232430,25660488,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,[LG] Elinema,"this game was pretty therapeutic--i was scared that this game would add to the huge pile of corpses on the bury your gays trope pile, but you's gonna be okay"
76561198065259163,Recommended,232430,14041771,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,kimkipling,I enjoyed this game.  It did help that I got it on sale so did not pay $20.I easily put myself in this character's shoes and was scared that no one was home.  I ran around turning all the light on ... expecting something at any moment. The voice acting was good.  Being able to throw random things around was fun.I was curious about what happened to my sister and liked how you see her life in high school progress.  What really intrigued me was the side stories.  Where were my parents? Why did the uncle leave the house to my father?  What happened to my uncle?    Most of the stories are easy to figure it out.  I thought I had figured out the true puzzle of the uncle's life.  I looked online and I had not.  It affected and is sad.I love that you don't need to figure out the bigger puzzle or find all the pieces of any the puzzles.  It is there if you want to look for it.
76561198066710997,Not Recommended,232430,13458865,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,alwiththebeard,"This game is... not good. I should have read the reviews before purchasing.CONS:The game is only maybe 3 hours long.For some reason, it causes my system to experience EXTREME lag. It's odd, as no other game I have causes this kind of lag. There is no reason I can discern for this.The story sucks♥♥♥♥♥Welcome home!Your sister's gay!The endPROS:I suppose the music is kind of nice, but the tracks are entirely too similar."
,Not Recommended,232430,10214645,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Arkady,"This interactive story (becasue it's not a game) really failed to deliver for me. I was expecting mystery and plot twists, but those never materialized. I was expecting to find scraps to unlock clues that required some sleuthing. There is a lot of pointless interactive clicking with a weak story about an angsty teen sister and a dud of an ending.This title is vastly overrated and not worth the price even on sale.-- Warning: Some spoilerish stuff below--Pros:- Good atmosphere- The music on tapes you find- Sort of creepyCons:- Very weak story- No real mystery- Cliche lesbian angsty teen coming of age story- Abrupt weak ending- Absolutely no real replayability"
76561198094712264,Not Recommended,232430,9597715,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,bopatterson,"Gone Home seemed intriging at first. But, in the end it was simply a ""pick up, put down"" mechanic attached to a story that did not interest me at all."
,Not Recommended,232430,7946379,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Corban,Do not recommend.
76561198043963783,Not Recommended,232430,9584863,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,jcnfinch,"This isn't a game.  The first thing that needs to be understood about Gone Home is that is an interactive (short) story.  It has about 2 hours of actual ""play"" time, and that's it.   And it costs $20.None of the above are dealbreakers for me, except maybe the price.  The presentation of the story actually intrigues me, and reminds me how revolutionary Myst was when it came out (which may be why the game is inexplicably set in 1995).  What kills Gone Home is that the story, which is all there really is to it, kinda sucks.  It revolves around your character coming home from a year-long Eurotrip to a house your Dad inherited while you were gone.  Except nobody's there, and you walk around the house looking for clues as to what happened, revealed in the form of journal entries addressed to you from your angsty teenage budding-lesbian sister.  But nothing about the situation feels right.  The whole setup is contrived, and the ""dark and stormy night in a creepy old mansion"" atmosphere is either a complete red herring or *SPOILER* a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥metaphor for incestuous child sexual abuse.  Your sister's voice, which narrates the journal entries, sounds way too old; your player character comes off as a monumental♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ inexplicably tooling around in Europe for a year while sending inane postcards back to the family and tsk-tsking about girlie mags in the house; and the furniture models repeat throughout the whole house, which constantly made me wonder who buys 20 copies of the same desk, breaking immersion.  It just feels fake.If an actual game used similar mechanics to tell a compelling story, with an immersive atmosphere, I'd lap it up.  But that ain't Gone Home."
,Not Recommended,232430,7830910,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Butz,Teenage Lesbian Love in The Nineties: The Video Game as designed by Yu Suzuki
,Not Recommended,232430,10826773,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,mupheminsani,"False advertisement is all over this one... Sacrificing standard smooth fps controls for a try of giving more real motion feel while exploring, turning a regular house into a huge maze castle, again: no fricking run ability and above all... I specifically got this game for its story as it's described quite highly on web reviews, like  ""how great it was"" etc. instead I was forced to listen some gay teenager girl's memos. And gay dudes, no offense but I almost felt like I was throwing out wheh I reached kitchen.. The game is literally designed to make you vomit around. A huge let down. I am not much of a fan of exploration games but I got my hopes up for this one and it fails big time..."
76561198040901746,Not Recommended,232430,9604115,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Highwire,"Gone Home is not a game that I would particularly reccomend. I'm not sure how this got praises like GOTY and beyond because you can sum up this entire game as ""okay"". The two most notable features of this game would be the voice acting and the attention to detail in the world. The voice acting is some of the best I have heard in a long long time and the home itself is littered with so many little personal details and history that the house feels occupied and alive. Not only that but its accuracy to the time period (late 90's) in both its dialoge, cultural hopes and fears, and physical artifacts is sure to send you on a little bit of a nostalgia trip. Both of these achievements are quiet nice and help you keep going through the game but it doesn't save an otherwise boring game.While the main story itself is nicely paced, its kind of cliche, a little predictable and the ending doesn't leave much room for closure. I personally wasn't sure what to think of it. I didn't know wheather to feel happy for Sam or shake my head in dissappointment. So I did both and called it a day.The main story does have a lot of touching moments and some of those moments are really sold by the superb voice acting, but it doesn't save an other wise sub-par story.The side stories are even more boring than the main one, and I think I skimmed through a few of their entries due to lack of substantial change in their stories (Like say for example, not spoilers, the whole story is basicaly someone getting an A on their test. Then a BETTER A on their test. AND THATS LITERALLY THE WHOLE SUB STORY.) or the fact they were just plain boring and barely gave any insight or depth to the character's they revolved around as opposed to the amount of depth that can be yearned from the characters in the main story. The substories are really only worth looking into if you want a full clear picture as to why the house is vacant.As for the house itself, it is filled to the brim with visual content that makes the house feel truely alive and occupied. It is filled with personal and cultural touches in all the right places to help convey the other little aspects of each character. It is tonally flawed however. The thunderstorm raging outside, the dark home, and the creaking noises and footsteps heard every once and a while kept leading me on to thinking something was going to jump out at me at some point but nothing ever even came close to doing that. The creepy atmosephere was an odd choice considering the game revolves around a rather not creepy love story about highschool sweet hearts and it sometimes got in the way of the story telling. It might have just been me who got creeped out and everyone else who has played this hadn't, so take that point with you with a grain of salt.Overall, this game isn't really worth the hype. At all. Just watch it on youtube and you'll get your money's worth a lot better than paying $15 more than you should if you buy this."
,Not Recommended,232430,13132195,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Barricadas,"Contains minor spoilers from The Stanley Parable, Dear Esther and Gone Home.---SPOILER------SPOILER------SPOILER------SPOILER---As I loved The Stanley Parable and Dear Esther and read some detailed reviews (without spoilers) I felt like I had to play this. In a vacant mood tonight, I thought it would be a great time to begin a game that I expected a lot from, especially storywise.Lets see what we have here... The character we play as is gone for a year and comes back to her home to see her family is simply gone. Great, we already have the feeling of suspense so why would you try to increase it with some plain ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and cliche a newly bought (although in this case, it's not bought but essentially the same thing) mansion with a ghost in it? Although I'm pretty sure that it's just a reference for that cliche, making fun of it but a simple question comes to my mind: why? This cliche has been used plenty of times, parody of this cliche has been done plenty of times even the parody of the parody of this cliche is worn out today. So why did the devs had to take this kind of path, because it's new in gaming? As a relatively new artform, gaming has to create original ideas or remake the classics (by the way I would love to play ""The Birds"" or ""Les Miserables"" or any of Poe's stories) before hopping onto the easy and comfortable parody train.It is possible to see the evolution of art, a background of thousands of years, when you look at The Stanley Parable and Dear Esther. You can find the traces of Jonathan Swift in The Stanley Parable and Philip Sidney in Dear Esther but when you look at Gone Home, you'll only find Stephenie Meyer. Considering that Dear Esther and Gone Home revolves around the similar theme to some extent (loss of beloved people) it's surprising to see how one achieves to be a masterpiece that will survive for years and how the latter achieves to be a game that no one will remember in 5 years.Soundtrack is the only positive I can mention here, great stuff there at least.---SPOILER------SPOILER------SPOILER------SPOILER---"
,Not Recommended,232430,10014858,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,disco_stupid,"I thought this would be a nice game to play with the girlfriend one evening, instead of watching TV or a movie.The experience was thoroughly boring, though sometimes (unnecessarily) creepy. I would be absolutely angry if I had purchased it at the full asking price, rather than 75% off.Finished the game in 75 minutes, and that's because we were going slow. The story wasn't even that compelling, fairly clichéd stuff.Do not pay more than $2 for this, and even then, don't expect much for your money. I've played countless free flash games with deeper content than this."
,Not Recommended,232430,9279729,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Freestyler,"I just played ""Gone Home"", a creepy-looking, scenario-based, exploration-driven, narrative indie game. I'm a girl, so this is usually the kind of thing I like. The reviews were certainly good, with the major critics singing out their unanimous (and almost excessive) praise:Polygon: Game of the Year. ""A profoundly simple and deeply human experience, one that we can relate to in a way that video games don't normally allow.""IGN: Best PC Game of the Year, Best Story of the Year, Best Indie Game of the Year. ""Gone Home accomplishes in just two hours of total game time what most games with 20 times the length and development cost fail to muster: heartfelt human emotion.""You are Katie Greenbriar and you've just returned from a year overseas to find your family's home completely dark and empty. It's storming outside and the rumbling thunder sounds suspiciously like someone else is in the house. The floorboards creak, the lights flicker and the basement and attic are mysteriously locked. So you hesitantly venture forth, discovering letters, journals and secret compartments, hurriedly turning on every single light as you go. As the story begins with hints of a horror plot, with missing people, a history involving an insane uncle and rumours of ghost-sightings, I was genuinely creeped out! But about three quarters of the way through, the plot starts to degenerate into none other than... a gay love story! Bet you didn't see that coming. Neither did I!It turns out *spoiler alert* that you just coincidentally arrived home while your parents were away for the weekend and your sister had literally just run away with her lesbian lover. So... why all the cryptic clues? Why all the hidden newspaper clippings about the house's haunted history? Why the storm, the thunder and the dark? It all just amounted to nothing while the only thing that ended up being something was your sister's journal whinging about your family's lack of support for ""who she is"", and yes, she was born that way. At the end of the game, I felt like I'd fallen prey to a classic bait-and-switch. Even the official blurb was misleading, suggesting ""something's not right... unravel the mystery for yourself"". The mystery is that there is no mystery. It's just that your sister's a lesbian and everyone else will be home in the morning. What a rort.So, feeling disgruntled, I thought I'd peruse the community forums to see if I could find anyone else who was airing their dissatisfaction. About 95% of the user reviews displayed a big, red thumbs-down. Everyone was complaining about the boring story, the massive loose-ends in the plot, the brevity of the game, the absence of good gameplay, the price, etc. Now, I found this interesting indeed. Why the universally positive critic reviews, in stark contrast to the overwhelmingly negative user reviews? Is it because ""Gone Home"" is simply a piece of spectacular art and philosophical insight that the ordinary gamer couldn't possibly appreciate? Or is it because it's a game that actively justifies, promotes and endorses homosexuality? Has there been a little bit of funding, perchance, by GLBT lobbyists? Or maybe the largest and most influential game-reviewing companies are feeling the pressure to tip a political hat towards the left-wing? The reality is that gaming is a forum in which the gay agenda* can be promoted, and our games are becoming increasingly filled with gay themes, gay options and gay references. In the gaming world, we are certainly playing in gay-accepting environments.My husband was playing Dragon Age II recently and the very first major plot quest included a gay love-interest conversation option. So did the second quest. That's two gay opportunities before even one straight one! Perhaps BioWare are over-compensating for their lack of homosexuality in Mass Effects 1&2. Well, at least your Commander Shepard, who had been straight since the beginning of 2010, was finally allowed to come out in 2012 with Mass Effect 3's movement towards being ""inclusive""*. Yep, they would permit a major, mid-series, change to the lead character just to cater for the gay agenda. A lot changed in 2 short years.As a Christian, I have a problem with being bombarded by homosexual love offers while gaming. But how should Christians respond to the infiltration of homosexuality into our games?1. Don't just shrug it off and ignore it. While society's increasing acceptance of homosexuality might be ""just the way things are these days"", that doesn't mean that you shouldn't voice your Christian opinions. As soon as you shut up, or let someone else shut you up, you've lost the right to speak into that situation. The Christian view, when not voiced, becomes a minority view, then a socially taboo view and before you know it, Christian rights are as oppressed as homosexuals claim theirs are.2. Don't pursue the gay love-interest plot.  If you have a choice, don't role-play as a gay character. It's probably sin for you. If the game doesn't offer you a choice, and you have to either be or endorse homosexuality, consider why you're playing this game in the first place. Is it making you empathize with the gay character in a way that clouds your judgment or your understanding of right and wrong from Scripture*? Is the game trying to persuade you that it's OK to be gay? If so, play critically. I don't want to say put a blindfold on, but if you can't critically interact with what you're being fed, then you might just have to stop playing.3. Love the gay community. ""And this is love: not that we have loved God but that he loved us and sent his Son to be the atoning sacrifice for our sins (John 4:10)."" This is not a love that overlooks sin, or justifies it, but a love that calls the sinner to repent and believe in the God who has the power to save. Again, ""this is love: that we walk in obedience to his commands (2 John 3:16)."" When interacting with the gay community, it's not loving to affirm their homosexuality, it's loving to point them to Jesus. If you're gay, this is a call to stop loving your homosexual lifestyle and start loving God.So, Fullbright Company: I know this game represents very heartfelt and personal values of your dev team, but you don't need to trick your audience into playing it by setting up a false premise and blowing your own trumpet about how beautiful it is. Perhaps if this game was as well-executed as it claims to be, I could appreciate it despite the overt homosexual themes, but it's not, so I don't.*1. Yes, I said ""gay agenda"". Please don't tell me ""there is no gay agenda"". Read Michael Brown's ""A Queer Thing Happened in America"", reviewed here:www.solachurch.org.au)*2. From an interview with Mass Effect producer, Casey Hudson:http://io9.com/5890426/why-did-bioware-add-a-gay-option-to-mass-effect-3*3. Being gay is not OK as far as the bible is concerned. Romans 1:26-27 and 1 Cor 6:9-10 are just two examples of where it's condemned in the New Testament, not to mention the Old."
,Not Recommended,232430,12426566,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Dakturis,"Extremely disappointing game. It starts off like a mystery horror game, and turns into a weepy pointless drama. Everything intersting in the game is a red herring for a dull love story. Don't waste the 3 hours it will take you to complete it. Instead buy Scratches... I want my money back."
,Not Recommended,232430,10983020,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,LiiLii,I wasn't impressed with this game. I did like the creepy vibe it gives off at the start but I just did not care for the story. I could have gotten a better story of this by watching a LifeTime Movie. I would never pay full price for this game. Overall I would give this game a 3/10.
,Not Recommended,232430,8759184,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,setablaze777,"I was really excited to get this game. The idea of it seemed very intersting and the reviews posted in the store page sold that idea to me. I will say that it is a unique experience and does have fun elements. I particularly enjoyed moving through all of the house's various rooms and finding its secrets. It also captures the feel of a lived in home pretty well, which really pulls you in. However, that's as much praise as I can give this game. If I would have read the user reviews, I may not have purchased it. It is extreemly short. Once I finished it, I was disapointed by the (in my opinion) vague ending. My thought was, ""What? Is this really over already?"". If I hadn't purchased the game during the holiday sale, I would have been really upset. The $19.99 pricetag is way too steap for this short of a game. I can't recomend purchasing it, unless you can get it for a highly discounted price."
,Recommended,232430,14112698,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,GSG,"Refreshing, imaginative, human."
76561198043053799,Recommended,232430,13602373,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,holychair,"I really liked it and if you're into interactive novels and like the early 90ies, you might like it too. Otherwise please stay away. It's a soft spoken tale of a teenage girl and the emotional turmoil that comes with growing up. It's just two hours long, though, and for that the full price is way too high. I got it 80% off on holiday sale and think these were 4 bucks well spent."
,Recommended,232430,13794737,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Quido,"It's a game answering: are you lazy one MF or no.Remember to shut the doors, put things on places and turn off the lights.I'm lazy one MF though.10/10"
,Recommended,232430,18862593,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Sherlock Hound,Made me feel all the feels. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,232430,8343744,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Level 1 Boyscout,oh what a cute love story ;o; unintentionally scary because empty mansions are always creepy. can be finished in under two hours.
,Recommended,232430,8112283,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,lloyd,"A very moving experience, definitely worth playing!"
,Recommended,232430,7849734,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,DJJoeJoe,"This game makes me intensely proud to play video games, the fact that I was open to experience this is something I'm deeply glad of. It's just very powerful character building through a device that creates strong empathy for all of them."
,Recommended,232430,16519135,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,robotpukeko,"Not every game has to be 40 hours long and not every game has to have a life-changing, mind-bending payoff; a well-told story and engaging story structure can be just as compelling.Very enjoyable and for $3, a no-brainer. Far better value than your average movie ticket!"
76561198123954478,Recommended,232430,13743384,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,SalamanDalz,"Really enjoyed playing Gone Home, just wished it could've been longer!"
,Recommended,232430,16466931,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ckvega,"10/10 Game of the Year.Such depth and replayability.Can YOU turn on all the lights in this house?Only your skill at aiming your mouse and clicking the light switches will save you in this amazing, high octane, super fun, totally not a walking simulator."
,Recommended,232430,13602382,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,slowbro,"Beatiful game, regardless of it being a W-key simulator. The message and story is beatiful!"
,Not Recommended,232430,13728642,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ethan,"OK. I just finished this game and I'm quite disappointed. Heard the story is very good, but what exactly is good in this story? I gotta say this ""young gay love story"" is something I can relate to, but even being something I lived myself I can't understand why this game got such good reviews, the story is just lame. Not lame for being bad, but for not being interesting at all, there's nothing special about it. For 10 minutes I was excited, thinking the house was hiding some horror secrets, but no, the devs only tricked me to believe that with cheap talk. Ok, I probably missed something, so please somebody fill me in. I tried to read all the relevant stuff, but the only thing I could see is a dumb love story between two boring characters with a dumb happy ending. Twilight had a better love story. I'm not regreting buying this game, I have a lot of crap on my account anyway, I'm just trying to understand how this game is considered good. I don't care if there's no gameplay or if you can finish in 10 minutes, that's not the point and I tend to favor story over gameplay, but this story is lame."
76561198086545971,Not Recommended,232430,8710990,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,jacob4408,"If you need a poster child for NOT buying games on Steam Sale without doing proper research first then this would be it.  It poses as a game but is little more than lame cliche sexually confused teen angst posing as a game. Who developed this...three wasted 14 year olds?The so-called plot is so thin and predictable that I knew how it would turn out very early in. The characters are sophmoric and so cliche it is absured. Drunk has-been author, romantically promiscuous wife, angst ridden lesbian teen all set in 1995 grunge band background.This ""game"" appears to be more propaganda/cathartic autobiography than anything else. Complete waste of money and time."
,Recommended,232430,10745997,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,BlackEternity,"Gone Home is a story driven game where you play the sister uncovering the mystery about what happened to your family, Progressing the story by uncovering clues untill you find the truth.This game is for people who like a mystery or detective type games, This is purley story driven gameplay.If you ever find yourself needing a break and want a casual short story i recommend giving it a shot, You never know.But dont expect action."
76561198032298097,Recommended,232430,25041342,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,sudden death&general desolation,"Just finished.The hair on my arm is still standing up, my heart is still beating hard, and the grin on my face is still here.What an incredible game. An amazing story, wow. This is what the videogame medium can provide, art and story at the fingertips of the player, to be discovered at his will. Fabulous storytelling. What book or film or painting can erupt such feelings and thoughts? And the rush to see events through; relief, tension, joy, grief, all here, one room away awaiting for your ever curious FPS perspective.Buy it, give yourself 3 hours of alone time and check this one out. You won't regret for your life. Goddamn, I'll sure be checking on future releases from these people."
,Recommended,232430,31932892,Posted: 24 May,all,FeLLa,"Walk in to next to stair case where book shelf is, hit e on the wall, open panel grab key, go upstairs and open attic, then walk to the end of the attic and open diary simple as that game over 10/10 will probably never play again"
76561198254308984,Recommended,232430,29308142,Posted: 16 January,all,dana.steinhoff27,This was an incredibly engrossing game.
,Recommended,232430,14134584,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Guybrush,"I've been playing video games for close to 30 years and no game had ever made me cry before - only Journey had come close. I guess that's a first for everything. Grab this game - if you were a teenager in the '90s and if you have a heart, you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,232430,14177552,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,[Zmart] Toro,"A powerfull narrative experience, which is tailored only by your own curiosity and your attention to details. Totally worth to play if you enjoy games with rich character backstories.9/10"
76561198011001063,Not Recommended,232430,13567085,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Snowflake,"This piece of developer excrement was marketed as a horror game.They even altered scenes for the trailer.It starts like a horror game with a ''dark and stormy night'' and you being alone in the house,but it quickly boils down to a boring story about your parents not accepting your lesbian sister's relationship.Spoiler warning.This game cost me at least $10 (i don't even remember how much i bought it for,but i don't think it was on sale) and I regret that purchase ever day.I would rather have literally burned the money,just so this pretentious game wouldn't have benefited off of me.There is literally nothing to do in it and it can be completed in under an hour.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I want my money back so bad.Do not buy this.Please."
,Recommended,232430,13599803,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,sike,"Less a game, more an experience. This game really tells a good story through amazing attention to detail."
,Recommended,232430,29008515,Posted: 4 January,all,Lightning,"Beat it in an hour. Fun little diversion with an interesting story. Must-play for queer women. Everyone else will probably just find it boring. Many straight people will role their eyes at the storyline and call it old hat, but there is something to be said for a narrated take from our point of view, and there just aren't enough games which include LGBT folk."
76561198045370250,Recommended,232430,16777376,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Sketchyhawkins,"Okay so this is the first game I have actually been compelled to write a review for.I am not a game critic nor do I claim to be. In my opinion this game is a masterpiece. Games like this show that video games can truly be a work of art. This is my favorite game of all time in a long gaming career.That being said, I finished the game in about two hours and could have done it in half the time if I was moving at a faster pace. Charging 20 dollars for a 2 hour game is absurd."
76561198080724299,Recommended,232430,16773777,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Cole Blackblood,"I just finished playing this game (straight playthrough, no breaks) and so I'll sum up what I'm feeling right now:Wow. Simply, wow. This is truly an amazing game, and I say that with the utmost sincerity. With its simple controls and consistent stormy ambiance, it makes a fantastic choice for a casual play. Combined with the gripping plotline, I can say for sure this game will keep its players enraptured quite easily with its emotional rollercoaster of delightful twists and turns.The soundtrack is perfect, with none of the horrible glitched bytes or overpowering segments that are unfortunately found in some games. Don't want to listen to the music you just started? Turn it off - it won't effect the game.If you have a few hours to spare, or are looking for a new game to pull you in, play ""Gone Home"". I can assure you, it's well worth it.**EDIT** I just noticed that the discount I had when purchasing this game was much higher than realized, and am inclined to agree on one point with the various negative reviewers: while a delightful game with excellent ambiance, it is too short to charge $20. Buy it on sale."
,Recommended,232430,10649351,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,The Sniping Owl,"Gone Home is a story that bases itself upon exploration, You will not understand anything that is going on at first. That being said Gone Home is a narrative based game that plays on its story, After recently returning home you are left to explore the house that your family moved in after you went on your long trip to Europe. The house as you will quickly find out is emtpy in the fact that your family isn't there, And through exploration and narative journals you slowly find out why and understand. You will find out everything that has happened while you were away in Europe, and you will go home."
,Not Recommended,232430,14392511,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Th30be,A boring visual novel about your lesiban sister that isn't good at anything but writing badly.
76561198036509015,Recommended,232430,8316138,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,TetherBound,"This is a wonderful game. It uses its medium like nothing I've ever played, and to astonishing effect. It feels personal, and tangible, and it includes one of the best optional ways to influence the environment I've seen in a game: the option to put items back where they were.If you even have a passing interest in games as a method of telling stories, buy Gone Home and play it, for however long that is. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,232430,8388409,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Lefou,"Not my indie game of the year, but it has a very good narration, and a great atmosphere. Buy on sale :)"
,Recommended,232430,13416689,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,cookiechris 66,"This is one of my all time favorite games. Didn't think much of it at first. Alright another cheap indie game. Nope, 10 minutes in and I was hooked."
76561198070565479,Not Recommended,232430,15038420,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,mipbar,"I'm so irritated I spent money on this game, I will go out of my way to make sure I never buy another game made by the same developer.  I have never done this in my life, but will this time.   The Fullbright Company.  This is the game that made me realize I am not 'allowed' to  DELETE games out of my list on Steam, so now I'm stuck with this crap in my queue apparently for eternity."
76561198011247880,Recommended,232430,8351610,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Syntic,"I picked this game up, cause I wanted a storyline in first-person, which is what I got, but the mystery behind the game is basically fed to you with a spoon... which also means you can guess what's going on or happened before you're told. It's not going to be like The Stanley Parable, where every turn is going to be different, no; this story is very linear, and by the end of it you will probably get bored. The whispers, noises, and the lights that flicker keeps you on your toes, but the narration dulls it because this is not a horror game.tl;dr: It does some things right, some things not, so you may or may not enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,232430,16942561,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Boon,"Gone Home was revolutionary for me in multiple ways.It single-handedly convinced me that Myst was a lot better than I gave it credit for back in the day.It single-handedly convinced me that Steam needed a robust, consumer-friendly refund system.It single-handedly convinced me to never again buy a game based solely on reviews or awards given by professional gaming media.Thank you for these harsh and unpleasant lessons, Fullbright. And seriously, never again."
76561198137741842,Recommended,232430,10929605,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Macho Savage,"One of the greatest gaming experiences I have ever had the pleasure of enjoying. Everything about this game is near perfect. The story is exceptional, the atmosphere is wonderfully crafted, and the gameplay is spell-binding. What else could one possibly ask for?"
76561198093251564,Recommended,232430,14135047,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,SeaSlug,"This is one of my new favorite games ever. I'll never forget my first time playing this game. the atmostphere, the characters, and the attention to detail in this game are all things I'll never forget. all the secrets passages, sam's coming to terms as to who she is and who she loves, I won't ever forget these things. plus all the stuff such as the music cassettes and the SNES cartridges also gives this game a nostalgic bonus.Really the best why to describe how I felt playing this game is ""relaxed."" I felt relaxed the entire time I was playing this game.I recomend this game with all my heart but I still say only buy it on sale. $20 is a bit much for a 2 -3 hour game."
76561197999464699,Recommended,232430,10841453,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Toi Toi,"It was short but intesive ride full of feelings and emotions. I have never played something like this before and for my friends which have me for emotionless sick f*ck... I have an announcement, even I did shed a tear during this little adventure. People who dont like this ""game"" or whatever this is .... they did not actualy get it, so play this guys, again :)"
76561198059516640,Recommended,232430,10756251,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Subaquatico,found my dad's porn stash and then listened to his jazz vinyl.10/10
,Recommended,232430,10933749,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,tilmobaxter,"though I understand this is not for everybody, I urge you to give it a try. especially at the discounted price.it's more an experience than a game and if you watch&listen carefully you can guess where the story is going pretty early on.in the end this doesn't matter because I liked the game more for the atmosphere and the spot on 90's references.oh and the music is great!"
,Recommended,232430,10641227,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Dildo Baggins,"One of the most personal stories I've ever experienced in a video game. Although short, about 2-4 hours, its still a masterfully crafted game. If you know about 90's pop culture, this game will resonate a little better with you but I would still recommend it to anyone who wants to experience a story that is very unique in this medium. If you need your games to have action or huge amounts of replay value however, I probably would stay clear of Gone Home. 8/10"
,Recommended,232430,10819486,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,dances with woolite,"This was a good piece of interactive fiction, not too long and told well and with good voice acting. I frequently hear people gush about it and think it's in danger of becoming overrated, but it is really solid and totally worth playing."
76561198027751472,Recommended,232430,10957117,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,BadBoy,"I would give this game three out of five stars if I could.  For as much as I liked about it, there was a lot that I didn't.  If you can catch it on sale for under $3, I recommend purchasing this game just to try it for yourself.  Trust the reviews section - most of the praises and the criticisms I read there before making my purchase were spot on.  I picked up all of the Journal entries on my first play through to the end of the game.  It took about 5 hours for me (I'm not a fast gamer, I did stop to look at a lot of irrelevant game objects, and since steam is telling me my play duration is a lot shorter than the amount of time I was up playing, I think that has something to do with my resetting the game a few times.)  From here, I'll go ahead and point out some of the things I liked and disliked, and I'm not necessarily going to keep it spoiler free.PROS:* The young ladies in this story are genuinely loveable characters.  If you have a heart and an open mind, you'll find yourself wanting happy endings for all of them by the end of this story.  I hope you like love stories.*The setting is immaculate.  The designers really put a lot of detail into the number of objects you can handle in their environment, and for a house, it is an exceptionally large building to explore.  If you grew up in the mid 90s or ever wondered what it was like to do so, you'll get a kick out of the setting.*This game is entirely story driven.  There's nothing to fight.  There's nothing any more creepy than the feeling you get when you walk into your own home or basement when the lights are out and nobody else is there and it happens to be night time and stormy.  The challenges in this game all involve figuring out where keys are located to open doors and safes in the house that might further explain the absence of your family's presence there.*I'm not aware of too many games that address coming out/getting outed or even being the new kid in school, so kudos to this one on targeting whose issues.CONS:*There are not many Steam achievements to unlock for this game (5 I think).*From a technical standpoint, while I liked having control over the environment, certain tasks became menial very quickly.  Specifically, opening unlocked doors and turning on light switches that are near the doors.  There are a lot of doors and a lot of light switches in very obvious places in the house.  You'd think the developers could have automated the actions of turning on the lights and opening doors as the character approaches doorways, but nope.  You'll have to do it yourself every time.*The first con was exacerbated by the fact that, at least for my old system, the game was a bit laggy.  I didn't want to take extra time on menial tasks because my system was having trouble keeping up with the demands of the game.  For a game that is so short and seemingly simple, it sure does take up a lot of resources.  Check your specs before you buy.  I saw some improvements in the lag on my system when I optioned the game out of full screen and played it in a window instead.*What's with the journal?  Sam's narratives are basically the basis of the game story, and they come in the form of Journal entries that you hear periodically through Sam's voice as you explore the house.  But you don't ever ""pick up"" this journal when you walk into the house, and who would leave 20 pages of a journal scattered all over their house anyway?!  You're just expected to swallow and accept the idea of the phantom journal if you want to enjoy the game.  Maybe the ghost Sam was worried about found her journal and is relaying it to us telepathically somehow.  Uh...sure.*Back to the characters and the worst of the SPOILERS:  I loved the characters, but for a game that is riding on its story, I wanted both the story and the characters fleshed-out more by the end.  Mom and Dad are exactly who you'd expect them to be and you have to wonder why your lead couldn't at least hazard an educated guess as to why they weren't around without having to poke around the house.  Do you know when your parents' anniversary weekend is?  The character you play is not well developed either.  She is obviously well loved by her sister and enjoys travel, but beyond that, she's just a vessel for obtaining the story of the real lead, her sister Sam.  We get a good idea of who Sam is: a 3rd year high school student with a vivid imagination, a closeted lesbian with a new-found love interest, and the new kid in school whose peers would rather know rumors than know her.  We get some good development there, with the parents finding out about the love interest, and the stolen clothes in Sam's room, and Sam running away from home, but then we get lost because the story ends just a short while after we find out Sam has run off for good (as if we didn't guess at that way before the end of the game).  For a game that seems to be tugging at our heartstrings about how parents relate to their LGBT teens, this was a really poor way to wrap it up.  Sam's parents haven't gotten upset enough to put Sam out of the house, and even the love interest Lonnie is still allowed over to the house (albeit with the same no locked doors rule my parents enforced when I was a teen).  So if Lonnie called crying to be picked up, why wouldn't Sam just bring her on over to the empty house for a while and sort things out before running away?  And if Sam thinks her parents trust her older sister's judgement more, why wouldn't she try asking her sister to speak up on her behalf and work things out with them before over running off?  And why did Sam steal those clothes again?  So this is the part where we get to leave the house and go find Sam, bring her home, and talk sense, right?  Nope!  The game's over, and I still want to know what happens next!  That's no good!At the end of the night, I got my $3 worth of entertainment out of Going Home, but I would have been disappointed if I had paid any more than that.  It had a cute little love story that kept me playing, and I'll admit to having a soft spot for LGBT themes and kids who don't fit in in school, but if none of those things draws you in, this could be a very boring game that you'll never care to finish."
76561198011922920,Recommended,232430,10951350,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Myokinase,"I started it up, played it, finished it, adored itand wished I could be with my girlfriend that is studying abroad in Denmark.Makes you think about the people you love.How many games do that?10/10"
,Recommended,232430,10742412,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Gebirgsjäger,"10/10 Made a new friend in Steggy, carried him around the whole game then sacrificed him on the pentagram."
,Recommended,232430,10945387,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,horsfall3d,"Gone Home is a first person, story driven exploration game. You are left to uncover, investigate and piece together the events of the past 12 months by examining the house that has been abandoned by your family. The player is given the freedom to explore and uncover the story at their own pace, gleaning information from items such as notes, letters, pictures and everyday objects. What is so striking about the story telling in the game is how the player is subtly led to uncover and piece together the events in chronological order. As you move through the house room by room, you almost feel as if you are living out the events of the past year, month by month. Managing to do this within a relatively open game world filled with inanimate objects is astounding. The story is immersive, compelling and hard hitting. This is a gaming experience that stands out and will stay with you."
,Recommended,232430,10950477,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Megsaki,"While I liked this game and the overall story behind it, I thought that there were a LOT of items that you were able to interact with in the game that didn't DO anything or serve any purpose. For example, why have the ability to pick up cups or pens or pencils when you can't do anything with them? It just wasted a lot of time in my opinion. The overall story was sweet and poignant, but the ""bad guys"" don't really learn anything. They don't learn why their way of thinking is misguided. Interesting concept and I still recommend if you like point-n-click type adventures and problem solving. It's a good way to kill 2 hours."
76561198012660035,Recommended,232430,15285486,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,sivifimmus,"Truly an AMAZING game. Captivating and just so beautiful. Thank you, just Thank you for making such an amazing game."
,Recommended,232430,15257844,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Orange Mocha Frappaccino,"I liked this game.It's not very long.  It's not hard.  It's barely a game.  But I liked it.It was an interesting way to tell a story, and it's just doesn't tell a story.  It tells a good one.A game like this is a human litmus test.Did you pass it?  Or did you fail it?That being said it has a bit too high a price point for it's length.Wait for a sale and buy it because it is really quite good."
76561197978739657,Recommended,232430,13652305,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Kestryn,"A great short story told in the medium of video game.  My wife and I played this together over our Holiday break, and we enjoyed it very much."
76561198093818211,Recommended,232430,13652430,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,evaine,Not a game in the traditional sense - reminds me of Myst without the puzzles. Still a beautiful story and well worth it (I got it on crazy sale though).
76561198077812049,Recommended,232430,13654431,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,echosmyronx,"My personal favorite spooky/atmopheric exploration game. I love every bit of the game!! Totally erie and strange, yet calming and relaxing as well."
76561198079628337,Recommended,232430,11980264,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Submergedpenguin116 ツ,Like skyrim with missing family
76561197972534869,Recommended,232430,10927332,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Tylor!,"Gone Home has affected me in a very deep, permanent way.  At first, I was drawn in by the nostalgia.  Since it is set in the mid-1990s, it directly targeted my childhood and the average way of life during that time.  All over the house, there are cassette tapes with underground punk rock on them and VHSes labeled with classic films, obviously recorded from TV programs/  There are magazines and 'zines (remember those?) that feature music and politics of the day strewn about the coffee tables and desks.This game makes me remember how much we actually WROTE back then.  There are hand-witten notes and typewriter-typed letters all over the place, each revealing a little bit of what was going on in the family of the house's lives.After I got used to the nostalgia and the 90s setting, I became focused on unraveling the mystery of why this huge, beautiful, spooky house is empty. The story is mostly centered around Sam, your character's younger sister.  She is a rebellious, intelligent, and creative soul.  Any teenager that went against the grain will immediately connect with her.I didn't exactly know what to expect when I loaded this game and I think that uncertainty really helps the narrative.  I will say this: there is no combat, no monsters that will jump out at you, and no bloody or gory scenes that will pop out to shock you.  In those respects, it is very tame.  Emotionally, it is probably one of the most mature stories I’ve ever seen in a video game.I urge you to give this a shot.  Be open-minded, though.  You never know who you are going to hurt by not being so."
,Recommended,232430,10738052,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Wiretap,"Sometimes I wish I could come home and my family were missing, so I could play this game in peace."
,Recommended,232430,11879171,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Airitech,Great game.  I've been really enjoying games in this genre as of late and was really impressed with what I saw.  Definately worth the price.
76561197994456878,Recommended,232430,11942600,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Bandit King,"This is an example of how video games can be masterful storytelling mediums. The game puts you into the shoes of Katie Greenbriar, having just returned from a year long trip from Europe. You arrive home in the dead of night, in the middle of a rainstorm. From there, you go through and explore the house, piecing together what has transpired in your absence.I got this game during a sale, but it's well worth the base price as well. It's a beautifully story driven game with immersive music and (for anyone who was alive in the 90's) a sense of nostalgia as well, yet even if you weren't, it doesn't rely on nostalgia to bring the reader back in time. I cannot reccomened this game enough, 10/10."
,Recommended,232430,14270849,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Erebeon,"Play. This. Game.Perhaps I should warn that, although Gone home is a First Person game, you don't get to shoot anything. Instead it requires you to apply your reading, listening and observational skills. It's pretty short but what an experience! If you are looking for something story driven that is truly different, Gone Home most certainly delivers."
,Recommended,232430,14301634,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,TheEmeraldLegend,"Overall a story rich game where you explore the house to discover the story of a girl who just wanted to do what she wanted. A feel-good, emotional, classic indie game that definitely deserves a 9-10/10 for its creative plot and detailed surrounds that assure you that no detail is small enough to be skipped."
,Recommended,232430,14301544,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Velma Dinkley,yes
,Recommended,232430,16485517,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Rornir,"BeautifulStory telling. Great story, no it is not a jumpscare as I first thought."
76561198029814895,Not Recommended,232430,23906980,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,CaptainXMorgan,"A story about lesbians. Only really worth it if it's on sale. The interactive part is neat as well as the effort to detail. It's on a dark rainy night, so it has this idea that it'll be 'horror' as there are noises and hints to 'ghost' related things too, but there's honestly nothing. I didn't bother reading half the stuff for the side story about the parents, I just read up on it on wikipedia. Completed it in thirty minutes."
76561198062128326,Recommended,232430,8241798,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Balestrieri26,This game is definitly indie. It is a story driven piece of art and i recommend it to anyone.
76561197977368741,Recommended,232430,24937124,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,apostrophe,"A most delightful game with a wondeful atmosphere. Not really worth it at full price, but you should grab it on sale."
76561198039599352,Recommended,232430,29866312,Posted: 11 February,all,nmeagent,You'll probably like it if you have a soul.
76561198039136138,Not Recommended,232430,29151077,Posted: 9 January,all,Menghu,"A good story, but not a gameIn the credits you are thanked for playing, but not once did I feel I was playing a game.Gone Homeworks as an interactive story, but you’re mostly on rails for the ride. The story’s about Kate, coming home early after her European tour, finding both her parents and sister gone from the home they recently moved into. The question why each of them is gone is revealed through the story.Because the story pieces are offered piecemeal and in chronological order, there is no sense of achievement as you uncover them. Nor do you have to search the house: areas are locked and unlocked to insure you uncover the pieces in the right order. Where the game is left wanting, the story is more fulfilling.Kate’s sister’s story takes center stage, with the story of the parents taking a backseat. Her story is a worthwhile experience, but I felt cheated by the game’s ambivalence whether it was or wasn’t a horror tale (it isn’t). One particular instance, a rush to the attic, felt too gamey, and out of place with her story. The same goes for the lonely house in the woods. The story of the parents is worth uncovering too; the darkest one the story between the father and the person who left him the house.You should play this if the story intrigues you enough, since the balance between game and story is so lopsided. Since that balance has been better pulled off in games likeTo the MoonandThe Vanishing of Ethan Carter, I can’t recommend paying full price for this story.3/5"
,Not Recommended,232430,28948365,Posted: 2 January,all,Speed(1994),"I actually liked it, but the experience is more like reading a pop-up book than playing a computer game.Steam should have a separate store section called Toys. If it had, I would have given it a thumbs up."
76561198020054530,Recommended,232430,23815022,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Crazystride,"A confidently told, engaging interactive short story told through exploration and hunting for clues. Just don't get upset about the length."
,Not Recommended,232430,28872701,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Alex,"Ok so I wont say that I have a good computer. It is not meant to play high intensity games, but I can run almost everything in my library just fine. This game however, even on the bare minimum graphics settings ran at a single fram per second! Thankfully the game is short so I was able to beat it in only 45 minutes, but my point is that this game is really not optimised well.The story is lovely and I think anyone who enjoys a good love story should give it a go, but the game is just so boring to play. I also get the impression of a horror game from being in such a large, dark, empty house.In the end I suppose that if you even had any interest in this game, then you probably already played it, but if you havent, I recommend getting this game when it is on an extremely forgiving sale such as the 75%, $5 from the winter sale."
76561198061408330,Recommended,232430,10650877,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,FreezyPop,"If I could play this game fresh again, I would. Lets just say that."
,Recommended,232430,10711506,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,|<0/\/A,"+ Impeccable writing+ Fantastic voice work+ Original, powerful themes+ Amazing sense of exploration+ Evocative score/soundtrack9.5/10"
76561198066642453,Recommended,232430,10633307,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,WITCHES,"Excellent interactive fiction ""adventure"" game. Poignant story. Rad Riot Grrrl soundtrack. It's fun to read the negative reviews, too."
,Recommended,232430,10740539,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Darlan,"It may be no longer than a movie, but this is easily one of the most understated, beautiful, powerful games I've played. It's not so much of a game as it is a time portal to your childhood in the 90s, with a bittersweet coming of age story embedded in the environment. I can't possibly overstate how much I want to see more games like this."
76561198000078066,Recommended,232430,7461188,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Apotheosic,"Another solid entry in the furthering of games as an artistic storytelling medium. Like other games of this nature, it's more story than game, so don't expect really any gameplay beyond walking around a house picking things up. Aside from that, however, Gone Home tells a somewhat daring story of a troubled family and specifically their younger daughter's love story. The story is told in the form of a journal left for the older daughter to find upon coming home, fully voiced and revealed piecemeal as the house is explored. Other elements of the family are explored through notes scattered around the house. All in all it does an excellent job of forming an evocative image of a set of characters that the player never even directly interacts with. The progression is fluid and well-planned, the environment is eerie and lonely, but not oppressive or scary. This is clearly a very well-thought out game all around, and the story it works so dynamically to portray is satisfyingly poignant.9/10"
,Recommended,232430,11339548,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Niwoodworth,"Gone Home is a game unlike any I've played. You are the sole person in the game and it's only 2 hours long.I know. It seems short and not worth it.But this game is phenominal.You are a college-age woman who has come home to an empty house from studying abroad for a year. No one is home and it's up to you to find out why. You explore each room and through discovering clues you can put together what has happened while you were gone that year. Your little sister also has left you a journal that you hear pages from throughout the game.It's hauntingly beautiful, and had me second guessing the storyline.The ending is bittersweet. It's disappointingly not climatic but at the same time it's like a good book in that you never want to put it down. You want to keep playing. You want the story to continue. To find out what happens to the characters.Maybe it's just me. Maybe I just love this game. But I want a sequel."
,Recommended,232430,16774642,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Vincenator,"Gone Home is a well-written interactive story. It has little to offer in the vein of gameplay or puzzles, but it's a sufficiently thoughtful narrative to be worth the time. I wouldn't pay twenty dollars for it, but it's worth a few bucks in lieu of seeing a movie or reading a short story."
,Recommended,232430,16782603,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Patrick,"I really don't know what people complaining about the game were expecting? This game has the same feeling to it like 'Dear Esther', 'To the moon' and Ether One'. You walk around, you read, you observe and the storyline unfolds while you do just that. Maybe it helps to be born in the mid 80's so a lot of stuff is recognizable (the music, the rooms, the nerdy looking family photo's). But this game - however short - had me from start to finish.[Spoiler Alert]Okay so maybe it didn't get that much into the parents and focussed on the sister but you could fill in the blanks by the end. If you were expecting the parents or sister to be murdered or taken by aliens or whatever♥♥♥♥♥♥then you probably should focus on other game genres.These walking simulator games are not for everyone and if you want something with more action I suggest you check out TellTales' The Walking Dead. For me - as a huge fan of the genre - it was close to perfect and if you've like previous named games be sure to check this one out."
,Recommended,232430,16775532,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,frnknstn,"An interesting and tense exploration of an empty house, and the lives of the people who live there. The fun comes from examining the the environment to piece together the family's story."
76561197971562800,Recommended,232430,16774068,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,PsiCop,"It's just too short to be worth a $20 price tag, as it's a 2 1/2 hour playthrough with little to no replayability, but if you can grab it at a discount, it's well worth experiencing and  works wonderfully as an engrossing piece of lightly-interactive fiction."
,Recommended,232430,16775156,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,FRANKENCHRIS,"Gone Home builds such a wonderful dread and sadness, it's beautiful. With an amazing Riot Grrrl soundtrack. Take your time and enjoy this wonderful game."
76561198036539396,Recommended,232430,23658153,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Venomous Squishy Thing,I love this story so much <3
,Recommended,232430,23554511,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,nobody,This game is cooooooooooooool
,Recommended,232430,23475385,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,alexgrimmie,The story was so beautiful. I wish it was longer. I really got into the story and can definitely relate. *****
76561198330468807,Recommended,232430,28501754,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,sstraigh,"I payed too much for this game ($20) to use it only once. That being said, I intend on sharing this with friends; it's an easy, beautiful game, and I forgot about everything while I was playing it. That's the point, right?"
,Not Recommended,232430,33213450,Posted: 3 July,all,Zorosnake,"Good thing I bought this during a sale otherwise I would be mad, I mean 20 dollars for an hour of fun. Sure the story is relatively good, but not 20 dollars good. I was just expecting there to be more."
,Not Recommended,232430,24651704,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,NZ_NinjaSpeed,"I got this on sale at 80% off, not a bad gmae for the price but I'm glad I didn't pay more for it.Bought it because I enjoy walking sim/atmoshperic type games like ""Dr. Langeskov, The Tiger, and The Terribly Cursed Emerald A Whirlwind Heist"", ""Stanley Parable"", ""The Vanishing of Ethan Carter"",  all of which are games I would recommend.This seemed too ordinary, you find out everything and thats that, nothing too weird, no plot twists, just a normal old story, which is over quickly.I tried to stay away from the reviews as I didn't want spoilers but now I wish I had read a few."
,Not Recommended,232430,16148184,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Asclepius_xray,"What a terrible piece of crap.  I have no idea why it got such good reviews, the graphics are terrible, there is literally zero action, the plot is thin and predictable, and it's way too short.  I would seriously not recommend buying this game."
,Recommended,232430,8360669,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Shrouded Wolf,"This might not be a video game by the classic expectaitons of the term, it's certainly a great way to tell a story. And while the pricing might be a bit hefty for the length of the game (you'll probably get about two hours out of this. I dilly dallied around and clocked in 2:40, according to Raptr), I feel that it's worth it.It's a great story, has excellent voice acting, and I love the idea of getting to explore a situation, not by reading someone's narrative, but by looking around and gathering clues and getting to explore different aspects of different characters."
76561198050403071,Recommended,232430,8407732,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,nosperatu,"I had doubts if to recommend Gone Home or not.I was a bit disappointed in general, I probably expected more due to all the great reviews i read.I felt that I didn't connect to the story and characters like I could have and like I wanted to.The potential was there but it just didn't happen, not sure what was missing for me.The game is very short, i finished it in 3 hours and I was running around, picking every item I saw, reading everything, getting to know the characters on the way, but nothing happened with most of this information at the end.However, I decided I would recommend the game because even though I expected more, It was an interesting, different game, not something you play everyday.Being part of the story unfolding in front of you is special, and at the end, though it could have been much more than it was, I still felt some connection to the characters and I was glad to be part of their lives, even for only couple of hours.I think that for a game that is very short, if you want to try something different, do so, but wait for the game to be on sale first."
,Recommended,232430,8437619,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,F.,"Awesome game.  Very original story based game, more than worth the price and a great experience overall.  DEFINITELY reccomend for people that appreciate 'experience' games.Not much replay value, if any."
76561198011064182,Recommended,232430,8523841,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,AlphaRhoRho,"Going to need some time to fully process it, but I enjoyed Gone Home. I'm a fan of the experience ""games"" like this and Dear Esther, which is very much a requisite, I think. I believe there is a ton of story-telling potential unique to the medium of video games, and this is one of those games that proves it. Thought-provoking and poignant, with fantastic atmosphere and great tiny touches throughout.A few things I particularly liked, beyond the heartfelt tale, were:- The fact that it tried to fake you out into thinking it was going to be a supernatural story, with all of the ambient sounds the creepy house, all the way up to the end with the summoning circle.- If you find the note tucked under a desk in the basement where Sam talks about ""spending time with"" Lonnie (nudge, nudge, wink, wink) and Katie, your character, closes the examination screen after a couple seconds and refuses to pick the letter back up. That was hilarious.- I also liked the secondary stories that were told throughout about your parents; your Mom who read too much into attention from a new coworker (possibly because of her friend's insinuations?), but quickly got the message when he ended up marrying his girlfriend and your Dad whose writing career was in a sad state of affairs until his terrible old novels were rediscovered."
,Recommended,232430,9910668,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,a kewl dewd,"YOU CAN LISTEN TO PUNK MUSIC, THROW HOUSEHOLD ITEMS ALL OVER THE PLACE, AND THERE'S NO SPRINT BUTTON.  THIS GAME WILL BE LOOKED BACK ON AS A PROGENITOR TO THE FUTURE ULTRA-REALISM PRESENT IN GAMING IN THE YEARS TO COME.  2/10"
76561198025311000,Recommended,232430,10489142,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Ununnilium,"Warning: Play this only if you enjoy interesting stories, good atmosphere, adorable characters, deep characterization, or telling stories in an original way using the medium of computer games. Hell yeah."
,Recommended,232430,10514545,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Nautical Avenger,"This is when a game becomes art. I was caught up in the flow of the atmosphere from the first few moments and it really enhanced the storytelling. I think I will never forget this one. I'm constantly referencing it and telling my friends to give it a shot. It plays on all the right gaming tropes and dismantles them tenderly, I cannot recommend this game highly enough. Especially if you like narrative."
76561198010400262,Recommended,232430,10771523,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,NH4,"[Spoiler-free review]First off, I really enjoyed this game. I thought it looked interesting because I am a fan of the genre, and I was not dissapointed. If you hate walking-adventure-plot-driven-games, then this probably isn't for you.Second, I bought this game on sale for a couple dollers. My final play time clocked in at about two hours, which I was fine with as I greatly enjoyed the experience. If you buy the game full-price at $20, you may be disapointed by the length.Now to the actual review:Controls: I played with an Xbox 360 controller, and the controls were smooth and flawless. I had no issues picking things up, examining them, or manuvering around the world. There are many small details scattered around the world, many of them not plot-essential; yet you can pick up or interact with most things you see in the world, which I greatly enjoyed. Things you picked up can be examined closely and rotated, adding a depth not seen in most games like this.Graphics: While maybe not the best graphics out there, they were smooth and crisp to my liking. Some images and objects appeared flat in the world (socks, misc. papers in drawers), but as these items were just clutter, it did not bother me. These textures weren't very high res, but didn't interfere with the environment or atmosphere. All the notes themselves were legible (although I had some trouble reading some of the 'hand written' notes) and not grainy, even zoomed in. I think the only graphical glitch I found was when picking up a book late in the game and examining from the back, there was some clipping with the sticky notes. Everything else was remarkably clean.Plot: This is the strongest part of the game, and what made me fall in love with it. The basic premise is, you are a young girl just returning from a year abroud in Europe, late one rainy night. While you were away, your family moved into a new home of a relative. You come home to find the house empty, with both your parents and your younger sister Sam gone. Through careful wandering around the house and examining notes and objects from your family's daily life, you slowely put together some of the events of the past year. The main plot revolves around your sister Sam and what she has been dealing with, as you don't know where she is. From this there are also branching side stories about the other members of your family, their relationships, and even some backstory on the original house owner. Careful attention to detail is needed to piece together the whole picture, but once you do, it is very satisfying. A very realistic tale, full of soul.Music/Sound: Immersive, a little creepy at times, interspliced with your sister's choice of music. Personally I like to play games with a low level of background noise, so this is the aspect of the game I payed the least attention to. The voice acting was great: not cheesy, very emotional, helped you really connect to Sam.Overall a really great game for an indie title, if a little short. Considering how discounted this game gets on Steam, the price/length shouldn't be a problem. If you enjoy this genre of title, pick this one up as soon as possible."
76561198018614198,Recommended,232430,10778474,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Gazorpazorp,This was a wonderful experience of a game.
,Recommended,232430,10807737,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,colorlessness,"Fun and engaging walking simulator, plot-heavy, well-written even if you can predict a certain amount of what's coming ahead.   Walk around a house, listen to your sister's diaries, find out all the rest of your family's weird secrets by messing with their stuff while they're gone."
,Recommended,232430,10816797,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ghostiegirlc,"This is the first game I've played in quite a long time. That being said, I was afraid that i wouldn't like it simply because I am out of practice when it comes to video games. This is not just a video game, it's a completely immersive experience that made me laugh and cry (excuse the neccessary cliches).I would recommend this game to anyone like me who is trying to get back into the whole gaming scene. I would also recommend this to anybody who does not fully understand the issues this game deals with. I felt that it handled the subject matter beautifully and told the story with a raw intesity I have not seen in many of the books I've read in the recent past.Please, please, please play this game. It will change you and keep you thinking about it for a long time."
76561198000829610,Recommended,232430,10852783,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Doctor Donkey,"good game, 8/10.  the story is well written and the voice acting is performed well.  the default controls are a bit funky, but you dont really need anything other than the joysticks and the A button to complete the game.  walk speed can be annoying slow at time, like when you want to go from one end of the house to the other.the ending is pretty intense, which is a good thing."
76561198073748123,Recommended,232430,10852973,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Monte Crisco,This isn't a game I expected to be as enthralling.  However from the time I started I basically could not quit until I was done.  It's fairly short 1-2 hours worth of gameplay but well worth the price of admission.  Excellent storytelling and the first adventure game I've played in a long while.
76561198062620265,Recommended,232430,10862150,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,RathianKing,"When playing Gone Home, it's best to remember that the adventure is in the journey as much as the conclusion. The game has you start off with nothing, but it makes you leave with a load of knowledge that transforms the house into something else. The game does an incredible job of building tension, developing mystery well enough to also let the player formulate their own ideas as to what could be happening. It's these speculations and thoughts that develops a certain anxiety in the player, which can make something as mundane as the sound of thunder ominous. It is these effects, the pacing, and the feelings that the player experiences that creates a surrounding feeling of uneasiness.In essence, the player exaggerates the meaning of simple items, turning a note on the fridge into a chilling note that could only lead to another hypothesis set by the player. In other words, the sense of terror is brought on by the player, themselves. And that's the great thing about this game, it will have you immersed, and before you know it, an empty house can seem like an eternal source of secrets, dark memories, and fear.The common struggles of different people are explored, showing how much depth exists in the average human life. As more is found out about your family, you find a story of love, forgiveness, and pain. And would you believe it--this is your driving force to continue exploring the house.All of this happens to answer a simple question: where is everyone?If the game is on sale for a good price, I see no reason why you shouldn't experience this game."
,Recommended,232430,11027203,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,DESUDOOM,Do you like walking. Do you like being sad.Probably not. Play this game anyway you piece of trash10/10endless sobbingsingle manly tear confirmed
,Recommended,232430,11082151,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,gerol,"Gone Home is not exactly a ""game"", but it manages to immerse players in a story about growing up. It has a brilliant take on how to incorporate storytelling, while players still has an option to explore somewhere. Now I understand why this game received a GOTY award last year."
76561197968275889,Recommended,232430,11092468,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Watchtower,"Wow, amazing game!  I usually play FPS or online games but the recent steam sale made me pick this one up. I cant believe that i could have missed such an amazing game.  This game just dug into my brain and attached itself to my emotions, its like its part of my past..... that makes no sense but thats the power of an amazing story."
76561197996505541,Recommended,232430,11311522,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,TheAislinn,"An enjoyable interactive story that was even more appreciated because of the time it was set, 1995.  I don't wish to give away too much, but it definately played on your senses with the atmosphere. I wouldn't recommend it to someone who is looking for action and adventure, as this is more about a touching human story with just the right amount of mystery. I would recommend lowering the prices from $19.99 given that I managed to finish this in one sitting, which is saying a lot for me (I hardly ever finish games), and speaks to the way it can draw you in."
,Recommended,232430,10762554,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Party Yeen,"Gone Home is not a game in the usual sense. It is an experience and it is not something everyone is going to enjoy. In some ways it is similar to Dear Esther where the objective is simply to explore and let the story unfold through the environment. But where as Dear Esther gave the player an entire island filled with large outdoor areas and caves, Gone Home's explorable area is a single house. It's a very large and unoccupied house (it's a mansion in fact) and each room is filled with objects that can be picked up and examined, many of which will give you insight into the those who live in the house and some will tell further parts of the story.The game has somewhat of a creepy atmosphere simply because you're exploring an empty house at night in the middle of a thunderstorm, but it's not a horror game. There are no monsters or ghosts of monster closet scares. It's just you, the house an the countless objects inside. There is a genuine appeal about this game and exploring the ins and out of the house. And if you remember being alive in 1995 there is some nostalgia to some of the objects and writings contained within. The actual story of the game is admittedly very appealing and sincere.The major downfall of this game is that the experience is really short. If you rush through the game you can complete it very quickly and even if you take your time the experience may seem over before you know it. This is made especially so because there is no puzzle solving. So while I really enjoyed playing Gone Home, I cannot really justify buying the game at its base price. I got the game on sale and felt the experience reflected the price I paid. If you can get the game on sale, I say go for it."
76561198113200406,Recommended,232430,10768653,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,d4ntr0n,"I purchased Gone Home during the Steam Summer Sale for a bargain. I figured it was at least worth looking into. I'm incredibly pleased with my purchase; Gone Home is an absolutely wonderful, story driven game.This is certainly not your typical video game. There is no platforming, weapons, enemies, bosses or deaths. It's a game driven purely by story and mystery, and I loved every minute of it. The use of the diaries that Sam provides her sister(you) with push everything along at a great pace, and while you don't know that the game is necessarily going to be about when you begin, you quickly learn it's almost entirely about Sam, and you really begin to care what's happening in her life. I scoured an area for clues, desperately hoping to find the next one that would update Sam's journal for me to hear what was going on in her life.I beat the game in a little over an hour and a half, and the only downside I would look at it is minimal replay value, although based on what I researched after playing the game it does seem that I missed a few things that I am going to go back and look into. The only other criticism I have is the ending. It's short and cliche. It seems like the ending was just an easy way out of the story, but then again, based on the way everything progressed, it could very well be a good, natural ending and I'm just looking at it a little jaded.8.5/10 - Definitely purchase, especially if it's on sale(like it is at the time of writing this). If you're interested in playing a game that is outside the norm this one is perfect for you."
76561198025552796,Recommended,232430,10858998,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,mkb,"Amazing. I am so glad I played this. A simple game; neither difficult nor long, but powerful. Get it. Play it."
,Recommended,232430,7938126,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Roman Cole,"AMAZING game! Theres no action or puzzles so you can basically play this game at your own pace. At first it looks like a horror game because of the environment, but you never see anything. You can easliy beat this game in under 3hrs, so I would wait for it to go on sale during the winter sale."
,Recommended,232430,8373286,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mouse,"An interesting story.  There's a horror vibe to the setting, but as they say, it's not a horror game.  Took about 2 hours to play through; I think I may replay to find all the secrets.In my opinion, this game is best if treated a bit like a movie--sit down and go through it in one sitting."
,Recommended,232430,8420121,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Psiren,"I had no idea what i was buying when i purchased this little gem off of the back of someones recommendations.First and foremost this isnt a game like outlast or slender, its an experience closer to the world of Dear Esther.As you begin entering the new family home that your parents and sibling have moved to since your time abroad straight away you plummet deeper and deeper into the games psyche.You’re blessed with the excerpts and snippets into the life of Sam, who has left notes for you around the home some hidden and some not so hidden. All the while feelings something is eerily wrong with this new home they have moved into that there is something askew with whats happened on the night of your arrival.Anymore and I’d be giving it all away. No achievements for this, however we have an awesome angst girl group & a foray of 90s memorabilia for the nostalgic fans out there!Grab it on sale, lock yourself away for 2 hours (don’t break this game in 2) and enjoy an amazing ride!"
76561198069095749,Recommended,232430,8500301,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Noriega,Short and sweet with a good story!Really starting to love these Indie games.8.5/10
,Recommended,232430,8588613,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,[14e] Hamlenain,"An interactive story more than a game, every little detail helping us define each of the absent characters. You get caught up in the small but rich world and can't help but feel connected. It is a pity that it is so short lived (2h). However, would not recommend you pay over 10e for the game, even to support the studio.Plus une histoire interactive qu'un jeu, chaque petit détail nous aide à définir les personnalités absentes. On se sent vite captivé par ce riche petit univers et on ne peut s'empêcher de s'en sentir proche. Dommage que la durée de vie soit si courte (2h). Néanmoins, ne dépensez pas plus de 10e, même si c'est pour soutenir le studio."
,Recommended,232430,8627430,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,[CC] benthelesser,Gone Home is an excellent experience with a masterfully-told story. Highly recommended!
76561197971309632,Recommended,232430,8410827,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Marcusss,"Gone Home is a scavenger hunt. A scavenger hunt for the past of a normal family with normal problems. It's not a horror story nor anything really dramatic or epic. But still it is a piece filled with love.There may be people claiming ""It is not a game."", but of course it is. It certainly is an interactive experience.If I played this game in the form of LARP or ARG it would be really interesting - but this way more people can enjoy it.But when you are about to play Gone Home, think about it as of a ARG - imagine yourself in that house and in the possition of the protagonist.It's not anthing ""special"" but still worth your time."
76561198027027555,Recommended,232430,8548026,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,venrondua,"Great game, yes ""game"".Gone Home is a game about managing your expectations.  It's not a typical gaming experience, nor is it very long (I finished it in a single session over the course of an evening), however it's absolutely worth playing... if you know what you're getting into.Just as there is a diverse selection of movies and books, video games nowadays offer experiences in many flavours.  This is a wonderful time to be a gamer as there is such a varied amount of content out there you're guaranteed to find something you'll like.  However you have to understand your own tastes to determine that for yourself.  For example if you don’t like documentaries don’t go see one and then act surprised you didn’t enjoy it.  Same goes for this indie gem.Gone Home is a slow burn (despite it’s length).  You’re the eldest daughter in a family of four, returning home from a year away traveling.  You wander the rooms of the empty home, going through drawers, cupboards and boxes as you read various letters and notes trying to figure out what has been going on while you've been away.  Small pieces of information slowly come together to form a larger picture in an almost zen like fashion.  This is a personal story, interesting to discover but initmate in it's scope.  There are no aliens or spies or world saving decisions to be made.  The story it tells is universal and realistic.  If this sounds like your thing, then it's a beautiful experience that shouldn't be missed."
,Recommended,232430,8600276,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,OllyTrolly,"This recommendation comes with a condition - only if you're interested in where gaming is going and hearing a good story played it out in an interesting way. Think Amnesia but with notes and cassettes instead of ghouls and insanity.The premise is that you've come back home from travelling in Europe for the last year or thereabouts, but the house is new to you as your family just moved in, and nobody is home. It's up to you to scour the house for clues about what your family have been up to this past year, and where they might be now.The story itself starts off feeling a bit ham-fisted, and I felt a bit lukewarm about the whole thing until the game started unravelling its secrets with a greater pace, introducing a bit of intrigue and darkness into it and narrowing down the story to effectively just being about your sister (Sam). The themes were handled maturely despite how easy it would be to mess it up, and it really did feel uncomfortable in a way that prying into the personal life of a teenager would in real life. The fact I felt that way at all is a signifier that this game is largely a success. My only complaints are, almost unavoidably most of the game is spent finding stray, singular notes in otherwise empty cupboards, that perfectly demonstrate a particular person's trait or an event that happened. This can make sense in films, TV or books as they are directed, filtered versions of reality, but a game where you can freely roam around and experience the 'story' in almost any order suffers from this weird placement. Still, I can't see any straightforward way of fixing this, so you could say that's me nitpicking.The only other negative -perhaps-? This is a dang short game, and took me 2 hours and a bit to complete (to the credits) while being fairly thorough. I quite enjoyed the brevity as it felt like something to play through in one go, after all you're getting immersed in the lives of other characters, but I know plenty of people will see that as a weak point so I thought I should mention it.Otherwise, check this out, it's pretty cool :)."
76561198046702095,Recommended,232430,11315093,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,AllyKat87,"I bought this in one of the sales. I didn't know anything about it other than that it's a nice little window into 1995. I must say I agree. I didn't really know what to expect, but I was very pleased with what I got. I think that knowing as little as possible about this game is probably the best way to go into it. Reviews here will tell you that this game is not for everyone. If you want high action, not for you. If you want atmosphere and nostalgia, please proceed."
,Recommended,232430,10032634,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Hey You!,"I really enjoyed Gone Home. I thought it had nice atmosphere and that the story was really heartwarming. I'm the kind of person who likes to look around and poke at details and that's 100% of what this game is. Gone Home might be really boring to someone who isn't into that sort of thing, though.My only complaint is that Gone Home is too expensive for how short the game is. I'd recommend waiting for a sale."
,Recommended,232430,9780859,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,BigGulp1969,"a calming, incredible, somehow unnerving experience. do yourself a favor and get it"
,Recommended,232430,10784598,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Benlikethis,"A very entertaining ""game"".  It's more of an interactive story than a true game in the traditional sense.  The pacing is wholly up to the user and you actually don't matter, you take the role of a reader of this family's life.  The voice acting is great and the atmosphere is pitch perfect.In an age where sandbox games and open worlds are pushed so heavily this title along with others like it shows that sometimes it's perfectly fine to be told a story instead of making our own."
76561198061652009,Recommended,232430,10788170,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,koasice,A refreshing game that use your surroundings to tell a wonderful story and really make you belive thise house is lived in .
76561198055617649,Recommended,232430,8382521,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,The Speedster Memester,"I can't say much without spoiling this game, much like any game based upon narrative, but Gone Home is an experience. The game's story is well crafted and touching, the house is a joy to explore, the music is killer and it's a game that really goes against your expectations. Buy this game then sit down alone and just play it. Take your time, don't rush, it's a truly great game."
,Recommended,232430,8397721,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Peak /S/ <3,If you have 10 bucks to spare buy this game!its such a nice and refreshingly different experience i spent 2-3 hours on thisbut i will definetly remember it for a long long time.It´s just a great non-violent game and the atmosphere just takes you away
76561198032830231,Recommended,232430,9766212,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,fleetmastereddie,"I have to start by saying that I was born in the mid 90's. That said, this game gave me a great feeling overall. Gone Home is emotional, if a little concerning at some points, but the story overall made me feel several emotions, all of which were answered, and satisfying. The gameplay itself is nothing special, but very interesting even still. I spent a great deal of time messing with objects, and exploring rooms in the house. Much of the 90's was still around when I was young, triggering some great memories, as well as the tough teenage ones. I found the characters, to be endearing, and sad. The story, is truly the focus of this game, and where it shines the brightest to me.Now the bad. The game is short, I have three hours from all the time I spent messing around, the main story can be completed rather quick. The gameplay, while mostly smooth, has some chunky bits. The graphics, are nice, but not profound.Final verdict. 8/10"
,Recommended,232430,10783225,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Nips,"This was my favorite game of 2013. While completely story driven, it immerses you into this incredible experience that few games have achieved. Great care and detail was given to the environmental art to make the house in the game feel like a home: like it has been lived in and cared for. It felt like more than just a set piece. It felt real. It even captures the 90s (the decade the game takes place) to such a level that it hits you hard with the nostalgia hammer.From there you have this incredibly engaging story where you are trying to figure out what in fact happened in this house. It piques your interest and you want to know more, but the atmosphere that the game creates makes you nervous, and even scared, to progress, because you are afraid of what you might find. This creates an incredible sense of pacing, all the while giving you motivation to explore every nook and cranny of this home, and you end up feeling rewarded for doing so.All in all, this is a one-of-a-kind experience that really connects with the player and engages them in ways few games, if any, have before."
,Recommended,232430,10837052,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,rekette,Excellent game. Definitely take the time to look at everything and flesh everything out. There are nice easter eggs as well.
,Recommended,232430,8582312,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Norfen,"Despite being a short playthrough from start to finish, this game conveys a fantastic narrative through the discovery of notes, letters, and various other items scattered around the house which help you piece together what has been happening in the lives of your family whilst you have been away. I won't spoil the experience by going into any detail, but if you like a good story and aren't devoid of emotions then I highly recommended this title. You may think the price is a little steep for such a short game, but games like this that try to connect with you on an emotional level are so few and far between that I believe it is worth the investment."
,Recommended,232430,8583832,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Absytr,Right in the feels
,Recommended,232430,8603065,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Hunk,"It's a good adventure game, not my type but still pretty a good work. This game is very short, and i mean it's too short. I know that developers have made this game for the story and immersion, but if ingame story is boring for player then it's a miss. It wasn't boring for me but i wasn't too excited about the teenager's drama and so on. Gone Home is still a good looking and sounding game, there are a lot of interactive objects, developers did nice work. I bought this game on the sale, so ~$5 for 2-3 hours quest game is pretty fair deal, but not the full price.------------------------------------------------------------------Хороший квест, но далеко не идеальная игра. Уж слишком она короткая, а ставка на сюжет и повествование может не прокатить, если игроку вся эта житейская история просто не интересна. Мне было не интересно, историей подростка я не проникся, поэтому для меня Gone Home -  проходной проект. Однако, стоит отдать должное разработчикам - игра выглядит очень приятно, много интерактивных объектов, все как и надо в квестах. Покупать за полную стоимость я бы ее не стал, но на распродаже отдать 5 баксов за 2-3 часа приятного и ненапрягающего геймплея вполне можно."
76561198067160724,Recommended,232430,9149769,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Insanity142,"Gone Home is unlike anything you will ever play, or experience.  It raises an interesting question: What is a ""game""?  Is it shooting something with a big gun?  Jumping over enemies to reach the end of a level?  Or is it unraveling a story until you reach your goal?  Whatever that goal is.  I'm not sure.  But I do know that Gone Home is one of my favorite stories I have ever experienced.  Video game or not.  So, maybe games aren't games at all.  Maybe they are experiences.P.S.  I didn't get into the story or gameplay (or anything for that matter) on purpose.  You need to go in fresh.  Just don't go in expecting to fight enemies or run from enemies or see enemies.  It's just you, and the story.  And what a story it is."
,Recommended,232430,9499652,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,"HAKA3AH, TBAPb!",Nya
,Recommended,232430,9663168,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Ajplanells,"nice, evocative game. It shows the way interactive is not all about videogames when we try to design a digital experience based on narrative or fictional storytelling. Highly recommended if you try to discover spaces and characters rather than killing enemies.."
,Recommended,232430,10023639,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,CaptainAsmo,"From the amazing audio work, to the strangely realistic world that's created in your head, Gone Home does a better job of telling a story (and a more interesting one) than any other game I have played to date. Saddly it's very short, giving me a total of 3 hours of gameplay, but it is more than worth the 20(?) dollars."
,Recommended,232430,10222356,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,RatsNCatsNBats,"I've been a fan of adventure games since the late '70s and I've been really enjoying the current renaissance of the genre with companies with history like Double Fine and Telltale continuing to push the envelope as well as an explosion of incredibly innovative indie titles. I was interested in Gone Home because of the way I heard people talk about it, but after I got Dear Esther in a bundle and didn't really care for it I began to get really wary about how I might feel about this one. Thankfully I took the plunge, because this is one of the best. The story really grabbed me and moved me, I felt so involved in it. Also I was super excited to keep finding tapes I could play with songs by Bratmobile and Heavens to Betsy as I love both of those bands and I had no idea they were in it. I don't think I had heard of The Youngins before but I thought their songs were just as awesome.*Edited for a badge requirement"
,Recommended,232430,10248400,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,QualityQtrl,You should play this game. Don't look up anything about it—just play it. The fact that you're reading this is already a problem. Just trust me. It's good.
,Recommended,232430,10432662,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Japemaster Brad,"This game is brillinat.  it has a gripping story that twists and turns, and keeps you on your feet, along with the atmosphere and mise-en-scene.  A simple game that you absolutely must play!"
,Recommended,232430,10524253,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Zigeye,"Fun to play with my g/f, not really a game. More like a neat story."
76561198041468690,Recommended,232430,10765948,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,The Masked Moon,"This game. What can be said about this game? Not much really, otherwise I would risk spoiling something. Gone Home is an a ""story exploration video game"". In other words, it's not a game at all, rather a ""walking simulator"" which features a very moving storyline. Most of the people whining about this game didn't realize this as they bought it, which is really sad because this game is a true work of art. Like I said before, this game is all about atmoshpere and story, so if I say anymore, I will be spoiling something. But believe me, if you enjoy a good story, and manage to catch this game on sale (I got mine for $2.99, and personally don't think it's worth more than $4.99), then I heartily recommend it."
,Recommended,232430,10774534,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Nothing,"If you like walking around detailed enviroments, opening, picking and looking at everything, then you might enjoy this game. Its  not a hard game...you don't get to fight anything or solve complex puzzles but I did like exploring the house. The only thing I didn't like is that the story is no what you think it is. It has a bit of a secret agenda but I wont spoil it for you.(Unless you want me to. Spoilers below)...........SPOILERS...It has a bit of a gay agenda/propaganda. Its all about the story of a girl falling in love with another."
,Recommended,232430,10775201,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Coffeemancer,"Gone Home is a difficult game to review--not because of any failing or shortcoming, but because of the emotions the title produces within the gamer.  Continuing in the footsteps of games like Dear Esther, Gone Home is an interactive first-person novella, which puts the person behind the keyboard (or gamepad) in the shoes of Kate, a globetrotter coming home to her family after a year backpacking across Europe.  It seems like the setup for a horror story--and in some ways, it is--but Gone Home is deeper than that, forming a connection between the player and their virtual persona that I haven't seen equaled.You see, when Kate returns home there is nobody to greet her.  The door is locked.  The lights flicker amidst a storm, haunting messages are balled up and tossed into wastebaskets; mixtapes are lying in boxes; meaningful correspondence is hidden in sock drawers--the house in Gone Home is full of secrets.  In uncovering those truths the player--and through them, Kate--will discover just how much can change in people's lives over the course of a year.Gone Home is not for everyone.  But for those who can brave the uncertainty and heartache, it's well worth the journey."
,Recommended,232430,10776303,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Microaggressions,"I recommend this game only when it is on sale. This game is not worth the full price of 20 euro or approx. 25 dollars. Gone home has a very good narrative and it was genuinely interesting but it is way too short. Insultingly short for the original price. If the game is going cheap i would definitely recommend it but i would definitely suggest not getting the game otherwise. Overall i really enjoyed playing through the story, as any tension i felt was created through a subtle creepiness as very few stories have achieved.In short; good game, would play again, original price too high, too short."
,Recommended,232430,10781684,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ankle Lee,"The usual aim of games is escapism, not tiny, familiar snapshots of your own life. That said, I've never emphasized with a game as strongly as I did Gone Home, because in pieces of its fragmented scenes of the remnants of family life, it showed me pieces of my own. That empathy led me to enjoy it much more than the similarly structured Dear Esther, and there was something beautifully mundane about wandering around a quiet segment of a quiet world without worrying about jump scares or real surprises. Instead, you're free to discover, read, listen. It's not a game, not really; instead, it's an experience, a narrative tinged with more than a little voyeurism. There's nothing particularly profound about it, but it's one of those rare and wonderful games that truly show what the mediumcouldbe. And I enjoyed that experience, for whatever that's worth.It sure as ♥♥♥♥ probably helps that I'm a gay teenage girl playing a game about a gay teenage girl. Take that with a grain of salt.That said- way, way too short. Very glad I bought it on sale."
,Recommended,232430,10849434,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,AgentYork,"This game gives you the feels and lots of it. Gone Home is a very short and simple point and click game that through great voice narration, draws out a rare experience in video games. I completed this game in about 4 hours and had a blast extensively looking through everything, making sure i got everything there is to the game. As a bonus added fun, after i beat the game, i collected all the journal entries, buttons, and Cassettes. The only negative i have to say about this i wish there was more!"
,Recommended,232430,11057788,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,scully,this is the only game that matters
,Recommended,232430,11074550,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Bosstin,Got this very cheap in the sales and didnt know what it was about. It wasn't at all what I expected and turned into something quite different. Very much enjoyed the short 90mins or so of play time.
,Recommended,232430,11083495,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Fic7ion,"A decently short, casual ""game"".Would I recommend this game? Yes.Would I recommend this game for $20? No.I would justify spending $2 or $3 dollars on this game.Note: I got this on sale. So, in my opinion, it's not worth $20 due to how short it is.I took my time and did most everything the ""story game"" had to offer in 2 hours.  The narrative is good and I really felt like I was exploring someone's house through my experience.  My only problem was that I didn't know what to expect from this game.  At first it was exciting to unravel the direction of the story but towards the end of my experience, I was quite let down due to my expectations.  Not to say I didn't enjoy it, I just wasn't expecting the direction.  In the end it was enjoyable."
76561197970534041,Recommended,232430,9144098,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Aether,"One might think that a game with no threats, no puzzles, and no opponents would lack engagement. You would be very, very wrong. Gone home is an example of a perfect adaptation. The story deep and compelling, and the game play does exactly what is needed to expose it, and then gets out of the way. Gone home wields the environment like a surgeon, carefully cutting away at disbelief and exposing the player to the full impact of the story.This is one of the emerging genre of “experience games”, and as such, the game is it's first play through, so I’ll avoid spoilers and just tell you that EVERYONE should play this."
76561198013865579,Recommended,232430,9147879,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,nilen435,A very intresting and original game. I found myself get engulfed by the story and wanting to take a extra look att diffrent documents to see if I got diffrent facts correct and try to think out want really has happend to the diffrent characters. I feel that you must be in the correct mindset to enjoy this game to the max.
76561197996746569,Recommended,232430,9169952,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,.†Satan†.,"Great concept, great atmosphere, great gaming experience, loved it! Cons: really short, less than 2 hours, so I'd say the price is a little bit too high, even on sale!!"
,Recommended,232430,9584851,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Smoke,"Half nostalgia trip, half brilliant organic storytelling, Gone Home is a touching first person experience that rewards the player's attention to detail with bits and pieces of the story, which ultimately come together as an engrossing and uplifting journey through the eyes of a troubled teenager.The entirety of the gameplay comes down to exploration, well worth the couple of hours it lasts. A must-play for anyone who loves storytelling."
,Recommended,232430,9415893,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Moltari,"this is a moving experience, it's not an adventure game, a hack n slash, a puzzle game, a shooter, or any of those. it's a game about exploring, both your new home, and your family. the journey is incredible, and left me sitting there at the end going ""wow, that was something i never expected from a video game"""
,Recommended,232430,10859130,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,"Are We Human, or Are We Cancer?","I see why people complain about this not being a game, because it really is just a story that you have to piece together.  I, however, really enjoyed the story.  I found myself, for some reason, really emotionally attached to this character who you never even see.  If you are just looking for a touching story, this game is for you, but if you are looking for a lot of interaction, or action, try something else."
,Recommended,232430,10864564,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Armando Lee,"First of all, this is a great narrative-interactive game. What I like about this game is that it has a story. And when I mean story, I mean something interesting and worth knowing. At first I was at their new house's front porch. It was raining hard; lightning and thunder kept shocking me throughout the game. From there on, the story begins. I thought it was a horror game where something creepy would just jump right on my face but I was wrong. For the past two hours, I have wandered around their home thinking that I really was Katie (the character).  I opened all the lights in their house as if it was mine (but it is my character's LOL). As I interacted with objects around the home, I discovered the life of Katie's family for the past year when she was away. Also, a great love story unravels between Katie's sister Sam and her friend. For you to know the whole story and for you to experience this game, you must first download and install Gone Home. Thanks for two great hours!Note: This game may not be for everyone but is for the curious, the interested and a kind of person who likes exploration and discovery. Hope to play more of this game! DLC or a new chapter please. :)"
,Recommended,232430,11041530,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Milli Vanillage,No Super Nintendo to play the games on. 0/10
,Recommended,232430,11088365,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,makotoapblanc,"Short, but very good, sweet game. Good story. Easy to finish on a lazy Saturday morning."
,Recommended,232430,11278688,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Miro Sato,"I liked the game. Just being in someones house and explore was fun for me. But even if I liked what I played it's a very short game that doesn't offer much besides following the story. Because of that I can not recommend it at €19.95. Better to buy this one on a sale. The story is also so and so. Not great, but not bad. Don't expect too much from it.For their next game I'm hoping for more interactivity. Most things you could only look at. There were very few things you could use in some way."
76561198017892589,Recommended,232430,10769533,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Dohogerse,"Short and powerfull experience. Very understated, and they ""slow burn"" reveal moves along flawlessly and naturaly."
,Recommended,232430,10778026,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Happy Melon,"This game was amazing. Usually I don't like these exploration games but this was truly expectational. It was erire and scary yet captivating, making you just want to learn more about these characters that are your family members, yet again as you do, you feel like you are being too invasive and prying too much into their lives. It was really just wonderful. You have to play it."
76561198048385877,Recommended,232430,10793000,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,BBR_BLUEY,"Gone home isnt a game, if you remember that and can get it for £3.00 like i did then its worth it, you get about 2- 3 hours of great narrative, exploration and a great story that drew me in.Those negative reviews are from people that cant do a 360 noscope, sorry!............"
76561198015343686,Recommended,232430,10794290,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,filmogriter,"This is a great story. Well written, emotional and with all the right triggers. Thanks for an amazing experience guys! I highly recommend this to players of any genre as a release from the non-realities of most gaming. As an author myslef this game - no, this experience, was inspirational."
,Recommended,232430,10811664,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,shadowbre,I recommend this game at its sale price. It's definitely wort the $5 (or less) if you're interested in a good story. This game is more like a small novel come to life in a short roughly two hour game which is pretty immersive. There are also parts I found really interesting outside of your sister's story like your dad's career and your mom's special friend; all these things come together to make a very relatable and dynamic story for the player all while being set in a very eerie environment.
76561198094638661,Recommended,232430,10813729,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Itsm00,"This is a game for folks that like to uncover a story. And aparently, a bit of a nod to those of us who were fans of the X-files.One is never quite sure where the story is going to head; the game creating a delightful tension between the tale of a teen romance, and a haunting by a dead relative. While this game was pretty short, I got it during the Summer Sale, and it was value with the story. Just wandering around this loving recreation of this 1990's era house was enough to get my nostolgia in full gear.I only wish there had been a VCR, then I could have watched some of those tapes..."
76561198005369182,Recommended,232430,10846732,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,THE GREEN BASTARD,"Gone home should not be called a game. It should be called a interactive experiance. This does not draw away from the title at all, it is just a caution to potential buyers. The game lack almost any ""gameplay"" elements besides picking things up. However, what it does offer is an interesting story with interesting charecters and some of the greatest voice acting I have ever heard.At full price, dont get it. If its on sale its a great purchase."
,Recommended,232430,11088259,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,SpAnkingSpAtula,"It isn't often that I am so emotional impacted from a game.The is no real gameplay to Gone Home other than a few puzzles but, in its 2.5 hour long gameplay, I was never once taken out of the world it created. I found myself immersed as if I knew the characters and found myself wanting to uncover the mystery of what happened to Sam. In addition, it has you questioning your own life, your choices and your future - This game will stick with you for life.This game isn't for everyone, but, it is a great emotional story that any mature person could appreciate. I almost cried!9/10"
,Recommended,232430,11313084,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,A BUNCH OF CATS,A Good Game.Update 2016:Still A Good Game.
76561198018866229,Recommended,232430,11321151,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,TangoBravo,"Whether one likes this game is all about expectations. I guess the adventure genre has matured enough that it can be split up into subgenres. And the interacitve novel is one of them. The main reason for unhappyness with this game seems to be, that the world of distribution has not caught up with this developement in the gaming world.This was clear to me when I started playing so I was positively surprised by the game. Still I can understand people who don't like it that much since they expected more gameplay and did not care for the narrative as much.Also I got the game in some bundle, so the price did not matter too much for me. 20$ sounds pretty much like the hard cover version and as with my non-interactive books I am completely satisfied with the paperback edition. Playing time is about 2 hours, so for the price of a matinee I'd strongly suggest buying it."
,Recommended,232430,10782696,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Neal McBeal the Navy Seal,"This is a great game, but only for some people. If you don't like walking, experiences, and the past, and would rather play a futuristic shooter filled with action, don't get this.Overall - 8.8/10Story - 9.5/10 It was very intresting. If I say any more I might spoil it.Sound - 10/10 Fantastic. Thunder effects in the background accompanied by cassettes being played.Gameplay - 7/10 I beat it in about an hour. Overall short game.Replay - 6/10 There is replay value. You can pass by some stuff the first runthrough, and some of that stuff is cool.Controls - 8/10 Walk. Zoom. Pick up. Rotate. Not much to see here. A fast walk button would've been nice.This is a great game, just not worth $20. Wait for a sale."
,Recommended,232430,3113022,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Trim,"...Just finished playing through Gone Home, and...  yeah.  It's got something that you rarely see in games.I first heard about Gone Home through the Idle Thumbs podcast.  A former host/guest, Steve Gaynor, left behind the ""comfortable"" worlds of game journalism and later game development with TimeGate Studios & 2K Marin to create a new independent outfit called The Fullbright Company with colleagues Johnnemann Nordhagen and Karla Zimonja.Steve Gaynor, along with the other hosts of Idle Thumbs, has demonstrated great intelligence on the podcast.  His days as a journalist may have expanded and refined his vocabulary to build up or tear down games; meanwhile, his time spent working on projects such as F.E.A.R. 2 and Bioshock 2 gave him a solid platform where he could create them from the ground floor.  His passion and excitement in the field was obvious as he spoke on Idle Thumbs, and the conversations they shared between them and with their audience often ventured into lengthy academic discussions rarely heard by the common gamer.In learning about Steve's tastes and knowledge, upon listening to the friends he keeps, I placed my trust in him and picked up this game.  Call it faith, call it good will to a smart guy, call it charity to an up-and-coming studio... I wanted to see what he and his partners could pull off.Gone Home is their first release, and it is garnering high critical praise.  After getting my hands on it, I couldn't agree more.Calling it a straight up game is generous, if I'm honest.  There's a 3D arena, it's well modeled, there are interactions and things to discover.  But if pressed on the subject, this is one pint Maniac Mansion, a teaspoon of Halo, and nineteen gallons Dear Esther.  You explore a point-and-click-lite flavored world and find yourself awash in an experience.  No more, no less....But what an experience it can be.  I'm afraid to say anything at all about the plot for fear of spoiling the game's contents.  It's not what I expected, and I'll leave it at that.Gone Home is worth looking into.  But despite my praise for Steve Gaynor and for the game itself, it is with great hesitation that I say the game is overpriced.  It released at $20 on Steam, and my total time in that game space is a mere 2.2 hours.  What's more, I don't see myself returning to that world again; I got everything out of it that I wanted, and the game got everything out of me it could.  I'm happy to have spent my time with Gone Home; the tone is evocative, the story is wonderfully paced and has meaning beyond any other game that immediately comes to mind, and I've rarely felt so invested in characters that I've never met.  But it's pricey nonetheless.Bottom line: Get it.  Play it.  Enjoy it if you can.  Support a new indie studio that took a chance with something completely different from what the mainstream churns out on far too regular a basis.  But if you're hesitant about the price...  I wouldn't look down on you for supporting them at half the cost.But seriously.  Get it.  If you forget about the amount you pay to play it, I don't think you'll find yourself disappointed with what Gone Home has to show you."
,Recommended,232430,9393982,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Diametric_Tether,"This game recieved a lot of hate from disgruntled gamers because it was so critically acclaimed at release. There is this general misconception in the gaming world that a product needs to be universally accepted to recieve wide-spread praise from the media. As many people have said before, this game is not for everyone. I'd go as far as to say that the gaming community is still to immature to handle these games when we are still up to our necks in mindless first-person shooters that have absolutely no narrative value at all. This is a beautiful example of a new kind of story-telling that should be celebrated. I'd also like to add that Dear Esther, another one of my favorites, doesn't recieve nearly as much hate as this game-- yes, it may have a lower price-tag but there is far less interaction going on. I'd advise anyone that's interested in this game to give it a try once they've read more non-biased reviews, or perhaps try to get it while it's on sale if $20 is a bit steep for you, but by all means ignore the majority of these user-reviews because they are complete rubbish."
,Recommended,232430,10819353,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,hear yourself,"Fun game, very moving story, and immersive gameplay. Those are some great things about the game, but there are a plethora of things that are wrong with it. You can beat it in 60 seconds, the physics engine is completely screwed up and it tanks the framerate like crazy constantly. Extremely short, when I finished my first playthrough I wasn't sure whether the game was done or not. After playing it twice I can say that there is hardly any replayability, and after the first time you play it there isn't much more to find, assuming you read all of the notes and opened all of the doors/safes. The game is worth $3 though, just because it's an experience that is great. I'd compare it to Ester, as they are quite similar in gameplay and length."
76561198116288908,Recommended,232430,26485222,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Utdano,"I loved it but like others, felt robbed by the ending.  So much potential... definitely worth what i spent on it."
76561198049250161,Recommended,232430,11091984,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,UCONN_WOMENS_BASKETBALL,great game m8
76561198008670653,Recommended,232430,10820391,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ernest,Personal space invasion simualtor 2014. 10/10
,Recommended,232430,11102921,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,gatewaytoglimmer,VERY VERY IMPORTANT GAME
,Recommended,232430,10819162,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,dukkin,Its about lesbians.
,Recommended,232430,12284627,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,MattEnth,"Part game, part art. Part fun, part story. Gone Home isn't your typical game. It's not really something you ""play"" so much as you experience. While immersion is high, this isn't a game that's meant to engage you, and it definitely has a cap on how long you can really play it.This game moved me. If you're interested in those small indie experiences you can knock out in a few hours, this is one that shouldn't be missed."
76561197995107564,Recommended,232430,12313564,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Wyrm With Why,"If you aren't moved by this game, you must be literally heartless. Which makes me curious how you solved the ""blood pumping"" issue."
,Recommended,232430,12322475,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Macho,"Beautiful. Sit down in a quiet room on a rainy day, turn off all the lights, and just enjoy this experience."
,Recommended,232430,12380849,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,rickermortes,"I'm really happy to have picked this game up. It has fantastic atmosphere, great audio, good graphics and some really special storytelling.+ Unique storytelling and atmosphere.+ Pretty rad soundtrack.+ Great voice acting.+ Easy to complete- it's a great ""relaxation"" game.- Too many questions remaining after finishing story.- Less than an hour to complete; I'm fine with this, but it's something to keep in mind."
76561198088678984,Recommended,232430,12360664,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,teskov,"I just finished my play through of gone home.my recommendation is to play this game.Even if you don't like these sorts of games, you owe it to yourself to play it, for there are not many games out there like this.This game challenges traditional gaming conventions and tells a beautiful story that allows the player to look inward at their own life in comparison to the life's of the characters involved. This game made me cry, it made me feel, it made me love the characters, it does things that i've never done in a game.I love this game.Games like this help solidify video games in the world of art, because simply put that is what this is, Art.PLAY THIS GAMEyou won't regret it."
76561198049436392,Recommended,232430,12381732,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,vlvtelvis,"This is experimental interactive fiction, and I like that a lot.  I'm sure people have argued about if it should be considered a game or not, but I really don't care.It's a teenage love story set in the 90s with a mid to late 90s riot grrrl soundtrack.It makes the aging infocom fan in me smile.  It makes the aging hipster in me smile.It's good."
,Recommended,232430,12307172,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,♠ Thunderflight,"This is an incredibly enjoyable game. I'm usually conditioned to expect jump scares with creepy atmospheric games, but I can say (hopefully without spoiling anything) that this game isn't scary in the least.My favorite part about this game is undoubtedly the ending. Everything ties together, and I found myself feeling very emotionally invested in it. The plot itself, as well as the way the player gets to interact with it, was brilliant. I want to play through all the way again, just for kicks.Pros:-Great mood-Interesting plot-Fun puzzles-Great music score :)-Emotional pull (you get to really know some of the characters even though you hardly ever see them...also I may have cried more than once)-Fantastic endingCons:-repetitive click-and-inspect mechanic-rather copious amounts of lag unless quality is turned way down-I'm a sucker for achievements and I think it woulda been fun to get some for the harder puzzlesOverall, I give this a 4/5 stars. Very enjoyable."
76561198047027922,Recommended,232430,12368542,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,XeumG,"More of an interactive story than a game. But what a beautiful, extremely well fleshed out story it is..."
76561198095742293,Recommended,232430,10779224,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,grim ricker,"Gone Home thrusts you into the body of Katie Greenbriar, an annoyingly generic college-goer who has returned to her family's vacant abode for a visit. As Katie, you can spend much of your time barricading the downstairs toilet with every movable item on the first floor and proceed to also fill up the various empty pizza boxes with non-consumable items, including a lone condom and at least a billion copies of her father's moronic novel.Aside from offering the ability to stack and unstack household objects for literally hours, the game does provide a realistic, moderately gripping love story revealed by, obviously, displacing more objects.The voice acting is believable and definitely an integral strength, and the inclusion of playable feminist punk tapes throughout the home gives the game some needed spice. Additionally, both Sam and Lonnie are likable characters with a tendency to be cute and clever in their notes to each other.Despite the enjoyment I derived from playing this, I wouldn't recommend paying full price. I think if I had not purchased it for $2.99 during a flash sale, at the end of the game I would've been too distracted by my discontentment over squandering $20 to appreciate the notable qualities."
76561198017324495,Recommended,232430,8371191,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Tsuki,"Alright. I've seen many reviews about this game being bad and I must admit, I was skeptical at first but...No. This game is just plainly beautiful. For having been a teenager in the 90s myself, there is a lot of elements in this game that brought me back to that era but this isn't what made this game great.Okay, it's short, and perhaps very expensive for its length. And it makes you believe it's an horror game with the mood and the crazy house talk but it's not and I feel many were disppointed in that and that's understandable.But what this game is... It's a story. An experience. Just immerse yourself in your character: Kaitlyn, looking for your sister and parents in this house. And then, you discover, slowly by exploring the house, the last couple weeks of the life of your little sister and...It's just beautiful. What a beautiful story this is. I played through it twice and it moved me to tears both times. I just love it.So to all the haters of this game... I am sorry. You are missing out on something truly beautiful in life. Emotions.That is all."
76561198026039873,Recommended,232430,8377784,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,AndyWithoutTheAfro,My GOT 2013. Amazing story and atmosphere! Short and sweet is a perfect way to sum it up.
,Recommended,232430,8390286,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,anthem_47,"I'd highly recommend this but only for certain kinds of people. It's more of an atmospheric experience than it is a ""game"" per se, and I don't mean that disrepsectfully. I think Gone Home does what it does very well, but it's not about explosions or superpowers, it's about an immersive, real, relatable story. A cinema metaphor: you might say if Grand Theft Auto is Star Wars, this would be something like Before Sunrise. And some people can like both those movies, just like they might like Gone HomeandGTA (that would be me), but I understand a lot of people are one or the other. That's what makes it hard to review.Side note, if you grew up in the 90s like I did, it's an extra treat. Just reading a fragment of the TV guide in game reminded me of shows I completely forgot existed.The only complaint I've heard that I can give some credence to is the price vs length. If you get it on sale in the $5 to $8 range you should feel okay, any higher and you may feel some buyers remorse. On the other hand I might give a game a little slack if I know it's an independent title and I feel like I'm supporting the efforts of a small team so that would push the price out to $15, somewhere around movie ticket cost, which for a two hour experience seems comparable."
,Recommended,232430,8414188,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,M. Night Shyamalan,"This game can literally be completed in 1 minute. However, if you go through all the rooms and read all the clues and such its quite interesting. The ending to the game is horrible a huge dissapointment I do want to see the developer create more games like this the audio logs were amazing the graphics were beautiful and the whole ambience of the house was breath taking then again if you fully explore it this game should take you 1 to 2 hours depending how fast you are at figuring things out and if you cheat and look up the solutions or not."
,Recommended,232430,8580609,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Chordian,Very easy adventure in a large house turning on the lights as you discover new rooms. Pick up notes and listen to a sisters narrative.
76561198078537376,Recommended,232430,8161276,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,FearDotNet,"This game goes deep into details, you might even miss some of it if you don't look through things thoroughly enough. The stories are magnificent but I feel as a whole that the game it self may be a little on the short side for it's price. It was a good experience non-the-less if you're into engaging with the characters and the story. Might be boring to those that prefer hack and slash gore filled killing games."
,Recommended,232430,8324041,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,TheGumbyMan,Excellent. Simple storytelling done well. Just the right length.Recommended: Go into the settings and turn off mouse acceleration and snapping. Irritated me.
,Recommended,232430,8358165,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Shokker04,"A short, quiet, atmospheric interactive story. I dug it a lot, and it's definitely worth the sale price."
,Recommended,232430,8369223,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,vespers_,"I think most people go into this game with the wrong expectations. This is not a game you play for the gameplay. If you want gameplay there are a million other games you can play. Like Journey, this is more an experience than it is a game. The point is not how long the game lasts, but rather how long it will stick with you after it ends.The story hit me harder than I thought it would, and I'd recommend it to anyone. Well worth the pruchase."
,Recommended,232430,8398369,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,iresprite,"My experience with games that rely heavily on storytelling as their main conceit is limited; I can say, though, that this is one of the first that has gripped me completely with its atmosphere. Whereas in Dear Esther, I felt lost and disconnected from whatever the authors were trying to impart to me when I interacted with the environment, Gone Home immediately got a hold of me and let me know when and where I was. That this game made me nostalgic, sympathetic, delighted, and even frightened is a testament to the writer's (or multiple writers') ability to capture the spirit of the 90's, as well as the chaotic state of a teenager.I loved reading between the lines and then having those spaces filled in. I loved the pathos of the whole game, slightly dreading what I'd uncover. It's not a light-hearted romp all throughout, and I appreciate that. I recommend this game to anyone who has really lived through the 90's, as well as anyone who can appreciate a good, evocative story unfolding."
76561198048902168,Recommended,232430,8547215,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,StoneSeraph,"I didn't know what to expect when I started this game, but I am immensely pleased with every minute of it.  It's a difficult game to talk about without spoiling the story, but suffice it to say that it combines an intriguing and moving storyline, fun exploration, and a well-developed atmosphere.  All the ""scary"" elements are invented by the players themselves, and the game is layered in such a way that the story elements are revealed in the most exciting way possible.  If you love story-driven games, I would highly recommend this.(Spoiler alert: I cried three times.)"
,Recommended,232430,8218548,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Wykett,Holy balls. Excuse me while I recover from alllll the feels this game has given me.
,Recommended,232430,8320331,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ILLµsiOn,"This is a short game. Well, i'd mostly say a short narrative story.A lot of players are complaining about how short the game is (about 2 hours), but its story just felt so incredible!I really do love Indie Games because they can give me some of the most memorable experiences and this game now sits at the top of those incredible games. Why? well, because it's all about this game's story. I don't want to spoil anything because even if it's 20 bucks, it's totally worth it! If you don't wanna spend 20$, wait for sales (you're on steam, It's GOING TO be on sale someday)."
,Recommended,232430,8443603,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Leboe,"A really great story-game. At first I thought this was going to hit a very specific age bracket (those who grew up on X-files and street fighter?), which I don't fall into, but the story/pacing is just too good and it didnt matter. Thoroughly enjoyed it."
,Recommended,232430,10489064,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Daddy Trudeau,"Coming back to this review. after almost a year of playing through this game, I still think about it now and then and it remains one of my favourite games. I reccomend this game to everybody, it touches on some very serious subjects regarding growing up, discovering oneself and  adolescent crisis, in a beautifully poetic and completely immersive way.The game also has this great feel to it, everything seems very off and there's sooo much subtext, but if you pay close attention and fill in the blanks everything starts to make sense very quickly. I love the eerie feeling of the game, and I half exected jump scares around every corner (thankfully they stayed classy, there are none).Incredible game, only takes about 2 hours to play through. Very detailed, 10/10.It is a short game and $20 is pretty steep, but it's beautifully done and if you're anything like me, will leave you warm and keep you thinking for a long time.Hopefully you can get it on sale at some point :)"
76561198034019975,Recommended,232430,10848772,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ralkkai,"I can't believe this game doesn't have hordes of zombies, noob-tubers, raid bosses, and complex team-based strategies. How can you even call this a game? I spent 2 hours walking around a house while a stupid, interactive storyline unfolded in front of me, all the while playing the protagonist, Katie, who just got back from a trip abroad. I was FORCED to find out where my sister was though, are you read for this? CLUES! It should have been spoon-fed to me via cut scenes. There wasn't even any swords! No zombies and no swords. What were the developers thinking?I am also very offended at all the 90's nostalgia that the game just freaking gushes. Being a kid from the 90's, I find this to be absolutely uncalled for. How dare you make me relive my childhood through things like cassette tapes, records, high school notes, punk rock music, and most of all, the Ouija board.The thing that did it for me was this: I spent the entire 2 hours playing it and not one teenage boy called me a slanderous name and told me about their sexual exploits with my mom. Not a single one!The game is terrible. You can't die in it. What is the point of playing it? Their was no blood or gore. Not even a single side-boob to try to pan the camera too. I haven't even seen this game featured on Fox news.I'm going back to Call of Duty where I know my mom is appreciated."
76561198097018730,Recommended,232430,8354886,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,steven_e_360,It is a short game but great nonetheless. The graphics are amazing and the gameplay is very immersive. I would recommend this game to anyone.
76561198055394119,Recommended,232430,8360172,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mattchu Picchu,"Gone Home was a captivating experience, if you're into puzzels and good storyline: this is the game for you!"
76561197974134366,Recommended,232430,8381541,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Lewcen24,What an awesome game!!
,Recommended,232430,8403526,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Mairn,"I played the game with a good pair of headphones, and that made the creepy ambient sounds really contribute to a feeling of immersion, while the nice voiceover journals sounded like someone confiding directly to me. I recommend playing in a quiet place with a nice sound setup (headphones or surround sound), as this will improve your experience considerably.It's hard to say much about a game based solely on discovery without spoiling the experience of discovering everything for yourself. Entire subplots of the story are revealed just by the items you examine, without further commentary. Other items trigger a voiced journal entry by your sister Sam, and this is where you'll get the bulk of the main plot. On the surface, this mechanic is similar to picking up the dreaded voxophones (audio logs) in Bioshock Infinite -- but in this game, it actually works as a narrative device.While the game sometimes seems at odds with its setting and occasionally feels manipulative, the human story it tells is worth a look. Think of this game as a three-hour movie -- pick it up on sale when it costs less than the price of a movie ticket, and you shouldn't be disappointed."
,Recommended,232430,8419636,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Relicc,"*Spoilers below in this  review*  If an ""interactive"" non-branching short story is your thing, then give this a whirl.  Remember Dear Esther?----------------------TLDR: You walk around in first person hunting for letters and snippets of paper that give you a glimpse into the lives of this fictional family, while uncovering and listening to the main narrative in the form of short diary entries.----------------------So, I  guess I'll give it the thumbs up since it is well done, for what it is.  It's a lot like Dear Esther, in the way that there is no ""game"", except for needing to find hidden snippets of article, journal entries, and asorted family letters and nick-nacks to advance.  Basically, three or four stories unfold in this 2 hour glimpse into the life of the fictional greenbriar family.  I'm not going to say it was boring, but that's mostly because I kept expecting something shocking to happen at the end.  It has excellent atmosphere and creepy factor as the house creeks and lights flicker with an ongoing storm outside.  Also, there is talk of ghosts, and I found myself not wanting to stay in the dark too long.  I'm also giving this a thumbs up because it is set in 1995 and it has some nostalgic refrences in the form of band names, tv shows, and things you might remember having or doing from the early to mid 90s.  I enjoyed that part.  Also, the voice acting is very good.However, and this is the part where I kill it for you, the main story is basically a high-school lesbian love story. So, if that isn't your cup of tea, don't bother.  I don't dislike the genre or this attempt, if it had been a story I could relate to, a real mystery, or even a shocking reveal, I think a game like this could be popular.  I suppose I shouldn't give this a pass, since I've thought poorly of games for their story alone, but I don't want to discourage others from trying to make a game like this.  I suppose that means I'm recommending it, while not recommending it...weird."
76561198085934775,Recommended,232430,8421726,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,virgelsimons,Very fun with a spooky atmosphere
76561198044992171,Recommended,232430,8515512,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,TsarBomba92,Good game very good story but lasts a short time
,Recommended,232430,8525320,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Future-Starter,"After playing this, I noticed that many of the reviews here were negative, and I felt that I needed to stand up for it.This game seems to be causing a lot of controversy within the gaming community. I've mostly heard positive remarks from critics, but it seems that actual gamers are less enamored by this game.I'll cut to the chase: Put it on your wishlist and wait for a sale.The less you know about the story, the better. In case you haven't heard anything about it, this isn't a ""video game"" in the traditional sense. There are no enemies, no shooting, no puzzles - you need literally no reflexes or skill to enjoy this game. It consists entirely of story.When you do play it - and you should - don't rush. Take it slow. Soak in your surroundings. Pay attention to detail, because the details are what make this game fantastic. Many of the people who dislike it seem to have rushed through it, completing it in nearly an hour or less. I suspect that there is a correlation - either their haste caused them not to enjoy it, or because they weren't enjoying it, they rushed through it. Personally, it took me 2.7 hours to complete the game, and I wish I had slowed down even more to pay attention. The ""main story"", I think, is fantastic, and is by far the best love story in any video game I have played. But if you slow down, and pay attention, you'll be exposed to other stories - more complex, and in some ways more interesting. The only game I've played in the last year that had characterization and voice acting that were anywhere near comparable to Gone Home was The Last of Us.This is one of the best games I have played, and it pushes the boundaries of the medium farther than any other game I know of. Unfortunately, I can't suggest that anybody pay $20 for, at best, 3.5-4 hours of entertainment, regardless of how incredible it is. Put it on your wish list, and wait for a sale. I'd purchase it at any price below $15."
,Not Recommended,232430,8564475,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Sleepies,"It is very boring so called ""game"". Most of time is reading plain text and listening to 90's music audio tape, nothing else. Steam can I claim refund on it??"
,Recommended,232430,9140851,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,sc077vv,"Polygon's 2013 GOTY""That's what makes Gone Home so powerful. It's not unusual; it's ordinary. That may sound strange, but in an industry dominated by sci-fi and fantasy tropes, violence and an obsession with heroism, it wasn't a floating city in the sky that took our breath away, but rather a trip back home, and the exploration of a single house, seen through the eyes of a stranger.""http://www.polygon.com/2014/1/15/5311568/game-of-the-year-2013-gone-homePersonally, I really enjoyed the handful of hours it took to complete Gone Home.  It's only downside is that the game was released a decade or so too late.  Some (albeit a very tiny bit) of it's power is lost due to growing tolerance in today's society.  But -- that's a good a thing not a bad thing."
,Not Recommended,232430,9150332,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Jeremiah uTO^ (†CDc),"Do not get me wrong.  I love this type of game, with exploration and mystery.What’s wrong with this game is the story.The makers of this game did a great job creating a house that looks like a real family lives in it, right down to the Bible tucked away in the closet.  The problem is that they entertained the idea of a life that fully expresses that reality.Romans 1:20-26,28For since the creation of the world while invisible God’s attributes are clearly seen, being understood by observing creation, even His eternal power and Godhead, so that they are without excuse, because, although they knew God, they did not glorify Him as God, nor were thankful, but became futile in their thoughts, and their foolish hearts were darkened. Professing to be wise, they became fools, and changed the glory of the incorruptible God into an image made like corruptible man—and birds and four-footed animals and creeping things. Therefore God also gave them up to uncleanness, in the lusts of their hearts, to dishonor their bodies among themselves, who exchanged the truth of God for the lie, and worshiped and served the creature rather than the Creator, who is blessed forever. Amen. For this reason God gave them up to vile passions. For even their women exchanged the natural use for what is against nature. And even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, God gave them over to a debased mind, to do those things which are not fitting;…Sam knew about God but refused to acknowledge Him or give Him glory, or even be thankful.  She instead put a person first in her life and exchanged the truth of God for the lie. So God let her to her devices and the lust of her heart to dishonor her body. God gave her over to vile passions, as a woman, exchanged the natural use for what is against nature. As she did not like to retain God in her knowledge, God gave her over to a debased mind, to theft, lies, disobedience, strife, sexual immorality and running away from her loving home.This game goes further to criminalize Christians and to make them the villain of the story, as people to strive against.This game also seems to show it as acceptable to express yourself through disobedience, rebellion, theft, putting erotic passion first, putting God last in life, etc."
,Recommended,232430,8316383,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Burning-Z,"I'm not sure if this game is worth the $20, because it clocks in at about 3 hours in length with little to no replayability.  However,  when it comes to story-based ""games"", this one is up there with the best.  Less a game and more of an immersive story with a semi-spooky setting and extremely deep characters, I'd highly recommend you pick this game up anytime it is on sale.  Or, hell, if you love a great story in a game pick this up at full price.  I beat this game when it was first released and it still resonates with me and pops back in my head all the time."
,Recommended,232430,8350336,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,air julio,Really enjoyed my time with Gone Home.  Having things spoiled for me didn't lessen my enjoyment as a whole.  A fun game.
76561198088519655,Recommended,232430,8522856,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,williamBOXX,Great game.  Builds great atmosphere with nods to everything I loved about the 90's.
,Recommended,232430,8533743,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,"JR ""Rob"" Dobbs","It's a First Person Stroller. It's not as engaging as The Stanley Parable but doesn't suffer from the confusing pointlessness of Dear Esther. I enjoyed walking around the smoothly textured mansion, piecing together the lives of those who live there. The story is nothing mind-blowing and the characters not particularly ground-breaking, but it's all about the presentation; becoming intimate with a family by rifling through their stuff.I must admit that I did feel some sense of disappointment when I finished the game, as there was very little pay off for 100 minutes of walking around reading invoices and letters. That said, if you can get this on sale and avoid any spoilers, you'll definitely get something from the experience of Gone Home."
76561197970784637,Recommended,232430,8541210,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Scorpion242,"Amazing interactive story, something that needs to be played/experienced to appreciate it.Go in with an open mind and do not expect your typical 1st person game(gun?)play."
,Recommended,232430,16755349,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Curaja,Ellen Page would like this game.
76561197999270563,Recommended,232430,16782374,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Emtarkandorundergundersdottr,"Knowledge is knowing that Gone Home isn't a horror game. Wisdom is knowing that Gone Home really is a horror game. While there aren't any scary monsters or cursed artifacts, and in all likelihood the house isn't even haunted as is originally suspected, growing up as an LGBT youth even now, let alone 20 years ago, is one of the scariest things a teenager can go through. At one point, there's even a clipping indicating that Sam's parents were looking into conversion therapy, which has recently been debunked as tortuous and abusive, but is still highly favored by homophobic parents who wish to control who their children are. This game is a very emotional ride that left me in bitterweet tears as the ending credits rolled."
,Recommended,232430,16773572,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,KiwiShuriken,"Don't pay full price, great 2 hour experience. DON'T READ ANY DESCRIPTION PAST THE STEAM DESCRIPTION, EVERYTHING IS A SPOILER"
,Recommended,232430,16779669,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,a.h.alfarsi,"Well... I think I love this game. I played it till the end, but it's short and interesting. Just enjoy the story-line."
,Recommended,232430,18007146,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Scruss,I would recommend this game to anyone that enjoys story based experiences. There's as much gameplay as there needs to be to tell the story. You open drawers and flick some switches (Lights).The story was good and the way in which it was told throughout the house was fine.
,Not Recommended,232430,14946038,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,acepukas,Radical feminist propaganda disguised as a video game. That's all you need to know.
,Recommended,232430,14344607,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,ragoo,"Okay, I did enjoy this game but it is absolutely not worth the $20 they are asking. Pick it up on sale or you are a chump. I thought the narration really was touching but the environment was so set up as a horror game that it sent a lot of mixed signals."
,Recommended,232430,16514525,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,babz5254,"This unique, beautiful game is a masterpiece. It is lovely, touching, immersive and relatable. 10/10. Worth every second."
76561198019788996,Recommended,232430,16518004,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Thunderweasel,"Most people are going to ♥♥♥♥♥ about this game being as highly rated as it is when it doesn't have any of the classic characteristics of a video game. What they fail to take into account is that a video game is simply a medium for artists. Usually it is dumbed down to awesome graphics and fun gameplay (I love those too), but in this instance it is just used to tell a story about a girl stuggling to find herself. It is a good story and was well told. No replay value and not much game time. The music, voice acting, and hand written letters prove to be powerful ambiance for this particular story and I credit the developers for the masterful use of all these tools. I would definitely recommend a playthrough for those that enjoy a good story."
,Recommended,232430,16514571,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Simon_says,"Really great experience. Discovering all the little details of what went down when you were away. The spooky atmosphere of beng home alone. The bits of audio and the cassette tape are really great for maintaining your interest. If you like story driven, interactive eperiences, definately buy this. But on sale. This game is neat, and you should experience it. But ther's not enough content to pay more than ten dollars for."
,Recommended,232430,16514124,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ruffalo,"If your looking for gameplay, dont buy this game.If you want a short imersive expierence with great story telling, pick this game up on sale."
,Not Recommended,232430,19258179,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,steddie4,"Waste of money. The game took just a couple of hours and the plot is weak. Solving the ""mystery"" as to where the family had gone was just straight up disappointing!"
,Recommended,232430,11058909,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,babycakes,"First and foremost, you must be aware that this game falls under the visual novel/walking simulation genre. Hence, gameplay takes the form of exploration, observation, and reading. The only puzzle-like elements in the game are cracking two locks, so inspecting every nook and cranny for easter eggs is the way to go.Following the story, you snoop around your empty house for clues as to your family's whereabouts. The game successfully puts the player in Katie's shoes: Having been away for a year and barely moved in to the new house, she's essentially a stranger to her own home. The main story being unraveled is that of Katie's sister, Samantha (Sam), but there are hints of conflict brewing between the parents as well. I appreciate how much detail was put into the home and all the items in it. Nuggets of information about the characters were presented well; letters and notes seemed very believable. (Finding Sam's creative writing about ovaries is a must. It's absolutely hilarious.) You have to remember that it's 1995! Cell phones weren't commonplace, but passing notes and sending letters were. Furthermore, Sam's voice was charming and realistic.Background music was nice and ambient but not varied, probably an intentional choice for maintaining immersion and a degree of realism. The other sounds that you hear are from playing are phone messages, a record, and some rock and screamo mixed tapes Sam left around.Next, I did find some fault with the story. I also felt that it was a bit overhyped.Sam's story captured the essence of teenage romance and high school life (when you think it's the most important thing ever) and touched upon coming out to one's parents, but it wasn't really dramatic or shocking. Furthermore, the story of the parents was much weaker and underdeveloped. I've only played through the game once, but I thought there was only circumstantial evidence for their relationship being on the rocks and for the father's past, which the community has made theories about.Moreover, something that should have been addressed was the introduction of paranormal elements (ghost hunting, seances, player-purported whispering). The stormy nighttime environment was eerie and contributed to a prolonged sense of dread at some points, but ultimately, nothing scary happens. Maybe the stories of what happened to Katie's family should have been more horrifying to match this element of the game. Otherwise, it doesn't really belong.Lastly, I don't mind the shortness of the game, but I don't think the content warrants the $20 price tag. I waited until it was around $3 during Steam Summer Sale 2014.I will still recommend the game because it was okay, and I enjoyed it mildly. While I did not feel impassioned by it, I had a more neutral-positive opinion than negative."
76561198040183474,Recommended,232430,13603323,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,spirashun,"This isn't so much of a game as much as it is an interactive story, but if that's your thing, then definitely get this game. It's a really beautiful, touching story that kept me engaged throughout, as there's actually a couple stories going on. That being said, it only takes about 1.5 hours to complete, so I'd recommend waiting until its on sale, as I think the full price is a bit much for what you get."
,Recommended,232430,13603472,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Papi,"Dont really get the bad reviews, i can see for 20 dollars you'd be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but i mean its on sale for 3.99 and i took my time and beat it in 2 hours. I really wish they had a part 2 or something the end is really a cliff hanger and you never see the parents or there reaction to what Sam did. But for 3.99 and its not bad and the story is decent."
76561198067832406,Recommended,232430,13603714,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Myro,"I think that if I had read any of the reviews before I bought this game I probably wouldn't have picked it up, but it was reccomended by a friend, yadda yadda, so I played it blind. Was expecting ghosts and horror up until the very end, but even though the game wasn't at all what I expected (or was looking for) I legitmately enjoyed the story.One reviewer put it well when they suggested to only buy it while on sale. If I had paid full price I would be a little irritated that I didn't get even 2 hours out of the game, but at 80% off it was well worth the buy. I don't feel like I wasted my money in any sense, plus I found the game touching. I really liked the characters and the hinted backstories for the characters the game didn't focus on. I wish the story was continued; I'd love to see what happens.So, I liked it. It's not the disaster the other reviews make it out to be, but it's something you should go into knowing that it's short and sweet."
,Recommended,232430,13604207,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,RANC0RX,Short. Very short. But for the hour and half I spent with this game the developers told a very rich and well done story in a way you don't see in games. The story unfolds not through direct interactions with characters but more passive interaction in reading their stories. Whether thats through a note found in a locker or to the state of a room you walk into. The house you explore in itself 'is' the story.I went into this game not knowing what to expect and came back pleasantly surprised. If your looking for action or a game that requires you to turn your brain off then this is definately 'not' for you.If however your looking for a well told story through what I can only call a 'indirect narative' that requires you to imagine these people and how their lives are unfolding then this is definately for you. The 90's nostalgia alone I got a huge kick out of.Bottom line if you wanna see something unique in story telling then I suggest checking this out.
76561198051969263,Recommended,232430,13605652,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,t0m_8a5ch3,"Incredibly moving storySuperb writingNice visuals, great audioYou get a sense of each of the character's narrative arc throughout despite never meeting themMouse controls a little janky at times when hovering over objectsA little short - but worth it during the sale"
,Recommended,232430,9323509,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,strizzuth,"Arguing over whether this is a game or not is just pointless.  This piece of software, no matter what you want to call it, is worth your time.If you don't shed a tear or at least get a bit misty, you have no heart."
76561198026504428,Recommended,232430,8189606,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,balaam,Gone Home was good fun. I read on forums some people felt cheated by the ending but that wasn't my experience.I think the main draw of the game is pulling together the story of a family by rifling through their house :D It puts the player in a detective / puzzle solving role and plays with expectations by nudging the player towards certain theories. I think there's also something in common with those hidden object web games / pixel hunting in old adventure games.A basic key / lock mechanic drives the player through the game.
,Recommended,232430,8564929,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Slurm,"I was a hesitant to get this game because of how short I heard it was, but im very glad i caved and got it during a sale. More of an interactive story book, no bad guys, no real challenge, but extremley engaging. The narrative and story of this will make you want to keep playing it till you finish it.Get on this emotional roller coaster and have a game to tell your friends about, something that it so different i'm almost sure you havent played anything like it."
,Not Recommended,232430,19248140,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Evan Almighty,A great walking simular that scared by 8 yr old brother. Lasted about 20 mins. Meh
,Recommended,232430,12039285,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Jiro the Machine,"Once again, great game but I cannot say it is really worth the 20 dollars. I took my time and beat it in 1.7 hours. I enjoyed it though I cannot say it will be as enjoyable on a replay. If you want to play I suggest waiting for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,232430,13604505,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,✿ɔiɈɘʜɈƨ∍∀,"This game takes a seat back and does its own thing,In a very good way,I enjoyed this very much."
,Recommended,232430,16307415,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Bee-Hog,"Fantastic, just finished this game and really enjoyed it. Created a wonderful moody atmosphere. Wish more developers would think out of the box like this. More like an interactive indie film rather than a game but so what. Great way to pass an hour or two."
,Recommended,232430,14532157,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,friendlynightmares,"A fantastic stoy-telling adventure! I've played through maybe three times just to make sure I found every secret in every nook and cranny, and of course loved the fact that the developers included an in-game commentary mode. Please buy this game! It is irreverent and personal."
,Recommended,232430,18026053,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Jigoro Kano,"Gone Home is a very well crafted and important game.  If ""gaming"" as a storytelling medium is to be taken seriously, more games that aren't Master Chef VI or Crab of Duty VII need to be made.  The stories that can be told with games are more than how many aliens or teenage boys you can frag.  This game tells a story, and it is beautifully done.  The game is short, which is fine. Not all games need to be 80 hours long.  People looking for a standard game can go play God of War Effect III. or whatever.  THIS game has amazing atmosphere and as you explore, a real sense of dread giving way to connecting with very fleshed out characters.  You really learn about this family.In short, this is a great experience, a different type of game, and speaks well for the gaming medium in general as a vehicle to tell all types of stories instead of Counter DOTA LOL Strike."
,Recommended,232430,16368483,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,clooe,"Wow, my heart hurtsGood game 11/10I cried (not worth 20 bucks though)"
76561198046476485,Recommended,232430,16380076,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,GreyLake,incredible voice acting. When i first jumped into this the i thought this was a horror due to the dim lighting and creepy atmosphere. I was completly wrong and although its only a few hours long i didnt stop playing till the end. Youll find objects and letters though out the house that will gradually form the story. You play as Kate the eldest daughter in this family of four and you arrive after a year away traveling only to discover that everyone has left and the goal is to discover why your family isnt home to greet you. I obviously cannot go into too much detail with out spoiling the story for you but the only downslide is finding the light switches for nearly every room that can be difficult to find in the dark environment. While its on sale i cannot recommend this more you wont be disappointed.
76561198042236349,Recommended,232430,16414010,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,LadyMissfit,"Showing what games can do for a narrative, Gone home tells a touching story through interactivity. If you wish to see how narrative and storytelling can be enhanced through an interactive medium this is the game you should play.It's quite nice."
,Recommended,232430,18215232,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Daco,"Fantastic story,  nice change to the games i have been playing. Highly recommended"
76561198070544777,Recommended,232430,16374559,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,rejcts,"i came into this expecting a horror game or something, I don't know ,but I ended up getting a story of 2 girls that i won't ever forget.I would definatly recomend this game for anyone who is thinking about buying it. 9/10"
,Recommended,232430,16323257,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,schmidtyfro,"You probably won't get more than 90 minutes out of this, but it's a damn good 90 minutes. Great exploration game with a narrator that gives Morgan Freeman a run for his money."
76561198149456854,Recommended,232430,16345376,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ladymiyarose,"Very detailed story, it is creepy the whole time! Except there isn't anything really scary except for the possible ghost. Even still, there are no jump scares and the ghost isn't really active in the game. I would suggest anyone else who likes story-explore games to try it out."
76561198090487647,Recommended,232430,16354943,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Aku-Aku,"This game is beautiful. Not just graphically, but in every other way possible as well. The story is life-changing, the music is spectacular, the dialogue and sound effects are great, the atmoshphere is spot-on, and the gameplay is awesome. Literally the ONLY complaint I have is the slow turning speed when using a gamepad, but if that's much of a problem, you can just use the classic mouse and keyboard controls. The focal point of this game is exploration and storytelling. There are no enemies or dangers. This game made me feel more emotional than I have ever felt playing a video game. Who would think that a game with only two voice actors would be this spectacular? If you love story-driven games, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,232430,16374085,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Blackhawk,"Great game.  Good approach to storytelling, and great atmosphere."
,Recommended,232430,16424720,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Swim,"Loved the storyline, immensely enjoyed the play-through. I had no idea what to expect, and loved it."
,Recommended,232430,17692340,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Grigory Eagle,Lesbian Simulator 2013
76561197973050739,Recommended,232430,18088560,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,blackraven13,If you are looking for a horror game or a puzzle game then this game probably isnt for you. It is less a game and more an interesting art piece. That being said its a very good game. In this game you play a girl coming home from a year abroad to your family's new home. As you explore the house more of the story is revealed through notes and objects. What's interesting is that while you are playing the older sister in the family the real main character in this story is the younger sister Sam. And her story actually brought a tear to my eye a couple of times. Her struggle to fit in and not be ridiculed for who she is very relatable. Plus I just loved all the 90s stuff in the house. This was a very relaxing and interesting game to play. Thank you.
,Not Recommended,232430,18161947,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,XmattbeeX,"My first walking simulator. My last walking simulator. I was expecting something exciting to happen. Nothing exciting happened. There was 1 moment that made me laugh, that was it."
,Recommended,232430,18197924,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,assistking69,"I liked that it gave you access to all of the information you needed to understand the story without dragging you by the nostrils to see it.  The story provides complex, interesting characters with a haunting atmosphere."
76561198063439968,Recommended,232430,16770925,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,trickster9057033,I thought it was pretty fun. I am a big fan of story rich games. I had a blast going around the house trying to find out what happened to the charecter and the family.
,Recommended,232430,27063663,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Qban,This was one of my favorite gaming expierences. The story had me hooked. The mood of the world kept me engaged. I went in blind and left feeling inspired.
,Recommended,232430,26773187,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Blackface Hitler,This is the first game that ever elicited an intense emotional response from me. I will always cherish it.
76561198021885112,Recommended,232430,27106761,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,scoredog,"Beautiful, unforgettable game. Yes it is a walk 'em up. Yes it is pretty short. Yes it is great. Impeccable storytelling and '90s atmosphere-building. Some of the developer commentaries are almost as moving as the actual game, too. And they get Corin Tucker from Sleater-Kinney in for a few comments!"
,Recommended,232430,27075951,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RuBisCO,"I love this game.No, you don't understand.I am IN love wit hthis game."
76561198141328580,Recommended,232430,26947260,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,velocityraptor,So many negative reviews for such a great story! I wasn't expecting to enjoy this game as much as I did. Tugged on my heartstrings by the end
,Recommended,232430,31630842,Posted: 8 May,all,PoPPinkPunkPrincess91,This reminded me of a Adult interactive book. I loved the fact that the story doesn't actually play out how you would expect. I loved this and hope they make another game that is simular.
76561198050102597,Recommended,232430,31854706,Posted: 20 May,all,Sertun,A good simple storytelling game
,Not Recommended,232430,21086832,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,DerpyCat,"Kinda sad the amount of people who love this boring story. You're bored pretty much the entire time, by the way.The graphics are quite nice, the voice acting is good, and the house you're in is very well done, sadly that's about all that's good.A very annoying gameplay problem is the mouse movement. When you move your mouse it moves a certain amount of the camera, when because you move your mouse a good bit it will look like your mouse is moving the camera slowly. Kinda like in 2D games how far your character moves from a quick tap of the W. In this game the camera movement distance is very noticeable and annoying. It is very choppy and turning down your sensitivity won't help, nor will any settings.Another gameplay issue is ALL YOU DO IS WALK AROUND, OPEN DOORS AND CLICK ON THINGS. That is THE ENTIRE game.They threw in a really bad and predictable lesbian story mentioning but hardly continuing to explain other family members. You won't connect with your player at all and you can complete the game in literally an hour if you know what you're doing, counting all the hidden things (which aren't much and are pretty lame.) If you get lost you'll be spending a good long time clicking on every door until you find one that unlocks.This is what you'd expect out of a free game. The only thing showing a hint of interest is when you get a creepy vibe like something going to jump scare you or is watching you, but that never happens. I'd say Passing Pineview Forrest is a bigger game than this, and that's also a flipping walking simulator (did I mention all you do in this game is walk around and click on things?)Seriously, how are 74% of these people satisfied with spending their money on a game that has less content than most other horror/walking simulator free games made by 15 year olds, and has the story you'd have figured out ten minutes into the game, with the most hilariously bad ending. You find a bloody book saying she's run away with her lover. OOHHH WOW, HOW ORIGINAL. I NEVER SAW THAT COMING.Seriously, this may be cheap, but it is a game you'd download for free then uninstall five minutes in when you realized how boring it was. Don't waste your money on this, go buy a much more interesting walking simulator like Stanley(s?) Parables (I hope I said that right,) not this less than an hour long garbage."
,Recommended,232430,16492425,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,crowroadaw,"First things first: this is basically 1.5-2 hour, heavily narrative game, so I wouldn't recommend picking it up at full price.  But it's a nicely written tale of discovery with great atmosphere and some very nice touches of humour and pathos.  I don't want to say too much about the plot because it would spoil it, but very I'm very glad I picked this up in the sale."
,Not Recommended,232430,24646101,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Abysswalker,"Do not pay full price for this game. 20 bucks is absolutely ridiculous for such a small little game. I don't generally think length should be correlated with price, but rather the quality of the experience should be the determining factor. The quality of this is experience is not $20 worth. I got it for $4 and that was about right in my opinion. Comparing it to other walking sims like Firewatch, this falls short of the potential that the genre can produce."
,Recommended,232430,24888777,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,BigWeinerGuy,1st playthrough and i already want to cry... FeelsBadMan ;___; BibleThump
76561198071137444,Recommended,232430,16589824,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Senua,"Gone Home has to be one of the best games I have played and certainly very unique. I won't spoil the story, but It's not action based or anything like that, so what does it have to offer? Well, Gone Home makes you draw your own conclusions from what you see and hear around you.Everything in the game is so detailed. Even though you don't directly talk with any of the characters, you really start to understand them and feel for them as the game goes on and you find out more about them and their relationships with each other. You can interact with pretty much anything and because the world feels so real, it's very easy to become attached to the story and the people involved. This is a game that I got so emotionally attached to that I had to write a review.Gone Home is not for everyone, that much is very clear. But if you enjoy atmospheric games that make you think and have a good story to it, this is for you. I have thoroughly enjoyed this game. I bought it on sale and I have no regrets. I rarely have genuine feelings for games but this one really takes the cake."
,Recommended,232430,16609012,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,likwidtek,Absolutely an amazing and beautiful story unlike anything I've ever played.
,Recommended,232430,16604492,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,thebiglloydtree,"Just played this game, having primarily heard about it from the perspective of Gamergate's complaints of journos covering it, being friends/invested in the developers somehow (I didn't particularly care enough to read the full details) and while as a game it's... not really a game - as a story it's actually a nice little thing.Definitely not worth a full price purchase for so little. But it's good enough, on sale."
76561197994452915,Recommended,232430,16775937,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Octavian,"A game about teenage lesbian discovery, I kid you not. The game was interesting, even for a straight dude. I didn't like so many open-ended unresolved questions. Mainly: where is everyone? The game can be beaten without help in a few hours. It's worth a couple bucks, no more unless you are a teenage lesbian, then I presume a couple more bucks."
76561198080686621,Recommended,232430,16607379,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,beef steak,"very interesting and immersive, surprised with me with the plot and delivery, definitely would recommend:^)"
,Recommended,232430,30343013,Posted: 5 March,all,Julian Gumenita,"Very short game but very good and interesting story. I liked it. 8/10.There was some scary parts but the story isn't about it. I almost♥♥♥♥♥♥myself when I heard a whispering coming from the wall ""Hey... Come..."".I stuck at some point then I found that I actually should follow the scary bits, crack sounds and voices."
76561198095645997,Recommended,232430,31209917,Posted: 17 April,all,TheilvDunebor,"Dark, atmospheric, and subtle, this games arouses emotions of anxiety, sadness, nostalgia, fear, and anticipation, all without ever resorting to cheap thrills, cheasy action, or sex. Good story-telling."
76561198158938940,Not Recommended,232430,17272182,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Ltm1900,Well still not getting the point of this game. Would be better to take the time to explore your own home lol.
76561197992865058,Recommended,232430,19256158,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,mllamble,"""Gone Home"" has some excellent characterization and environmental storytelling.  The gameplay isn't much to write home about, as it's mainly walking around and looking at stuff, but that's mainly just a vehicle for progressing through the narrative, which is the real draw here.  It's not a very long game, clocking in at MAYBE two hours, unless you find yourself in a rut, so this is probably a Wishlist game, to buy when it goes on sale, unless you've got money to burn.  All in all, though, definitely recommended for people who like exploring and watching a story unfold largely through context."
,Recommended,232430,10738338,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,CrackerMan,"Awesome 2-3 hour first person adventure game. The whole house is like an arceological dig site in which you can pick up, investigate, read, listen and do all that sherlock holmes♥♥♥♥♥♥to pretty much everything in the house, which unravels this really powerful story. Its really mysterious, gripping, unbelievabley detailed, charming and truly a story which you will have never had told to you in a video game. ♥♥♥♥in buy it."
76561198040741595,Recommended,232430,14732736,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,loamlife,Screw the haters. This is a story that really resonated with me. It is also about real LGB issues and one of the few times I think I can say gaming tackeld an important issue before other mainstream artforms (Brokeback Mountain is a very diffrent angle of homophobia than Gone Home tackles). This is a game that can show underrepersented people that they are not alone in the world which is why  Gamergate hates it and wants it gone.
76561197970728391,Recommended,232430,16099520,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Old Man 678,"Decent game for the price. Excellent story telling and with a storm raging outside, it gets a little creepy. You find secret passages and panels as you investigate what is going on. Nice game if the price is right. Only took me 96 minutes to beat though."
,Recommended,232430,15500215,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Sgt Poultry,"Similar to Dear Ester but with more interaction.* Minor story spoiler *When I first played this game I was sneaking around expecting this to be some kind of supernatural thriller type and judging by the atmosphere seemed like they did that on purpose. First half of the game I was fairy tense expecting things to happen then I realized it was a game about telling a story of your sister's struggle to find herself and choose the path in her life. Once I realized that I just sat back and enjoyed the experiance and unlike Dear Ester I wasn't annoyed by the somewhat slow pacing and having to walk around. The story is a very interesting and worthwhile one to hear. This is more of an interactive audio journal then a ""video game"" so people expecting puzzles, monsters, and such will probably not like it."
76561198081548178,Recommended,232430,15632664,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,digitalartgirl,"This game surprised me. It takes a different approach to gaming as a whole. There was no real action in it, except the conclusions you draw on your own as you explore the house. I liked the way the story developed itself completely based on discovery elements so I could experience everything at my own pace. This is a good game to play if you just want to unwind from a day at work and relax with an interesting puzzle to concentrate on that is set in a truly absorbing atmosphere. P.S. I would really love to play this again with the addition of a VR headset."
,Recommended,232430,14731952,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,ohai13,"This game is not like most other current games out there. Honestly, while I was playing I was wondering if this was someone's very elaborate portfolio piece for use in applying for other game dev jobs. But then I realized that didn't much matter. I played through to the end and I enjoyed the story.The game reminds me of old school text-only ""adventure"" games on the PC. If you remember those, and if you liked them, then you might like this game. For those that don't remember those games: the game is an exploration game. You make your way through a mansion and slowly but surely work your way through the story. It is not difficult, it just takes time. I saw ""walking simulator"" somewhere in the tags and I think that is about right. It is a story-driven walking simumlator. Could it have been better? Yes. They could have done a lot more to add to the puzzles or take advantage of the generally spooky environment. Is the game bad considering what it is? No."
,Recommended,232430,16143758,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,KT,"This game is exactly the type of atmosphere and setting that I wanted out of it. It's a game that tells a story, so if you are not into story-only games then this is not for you.I thought they did a great job with the story as well - it felt very organic and natural for me to find out as I go along what happened to the family.There were several moments when I though this would also make a good premise to an awesome horror game, but I knew coming in that this was not going to be a horror game. Honestly, the only thing I didn't like about it was that some of the notes you pick up are handwritten and hard to read. It would have been nice if they had something like Life is Strange has for those type of documents, a way to view it written in plain-text format. Maybe that was a story-telling decision though? Either way, not enough of a con for me not to recommend this game.I liked it and finished it. Personally I purchased it during a sale, so I'm not sure if it's worth full retail price. It is worth playing though."
,Recommended,232430,16106451,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,AmateurFlunky90,This game had a great atmosphere and story. The story was very interesting but the game was short. I would recommend this game to people who love short story based games.
,Recommended,232430,16300587,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,WarMachine,"If your in the mood for a story, let this one be the one. It had me guessing and wonderinf the entire time what the hell was going on but the more I discovered the more I understood. The narrative was great along side all of the things you find and if you put yourself in the shoes of Sam you really start to understand what it is to be different than those around you. The easy to use UI and smoothness in which the game progresses makes for a great couple of hours of storytelling in the video gamers atmosphere. If there's ever anither game that follows the patterns this one did I'll be sure to invest in it for it may not last long in time but it will last long on the emotinal level. Very good to those involved in the crafting of this wonderful story."
,Recommended,232430,13650366,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Elbast,"Probably a little overpriced at full value, but having picked it up in a sale its well worth a playthrough. Some really neat characterisation and great atmosphere."
,Recommended,232430,15661752,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Squeedle,"Wow, surprise ending.  I didn't see that coming.  I like it as a story, but it's not much of a game, if that makes sense."
,Recommended,232430,16463126,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,speham,"The story telling in this game is amazing. I found myself emotionally invested in every character (even the ""weird neighbor kid"" Daniel). And exploring the house set in the mid 90s was wonderful. Who would've thought I'd get nostalgic over answering machines and VHS tapes? This is such a beautiful game. A must buy if it's ever on sale."
,Recommended,232430,31943374,Posted: 24 May,all,Fred2000,"I honestly didn't expect to like this one, but I really loved it. Touching story, 90s nostalgia, and just the right length for this sort of game. (About 2 hours.) Highly recommended if you like games like Dear Esther or To The Moon."
76561198009903018,Recommended,232430,9914102,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Corwin86,"It's difficult to describe this game without ruin or spoiler the story.I've played a lot of adventure games in my file, and this is one of those who had move me more...Greatly recommended."
76561198158501003,Not Recommended,232430,17435826,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,tylerjames092,"this is a good game if you like puzzles and suspense, but the story is more than anything, crap and it is super short. only took me about an hour to finish. definitely not worth the money they want for it"
,Recommended,232430,17240313,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Miss Vela,"A solid exploration game, you wander around your empty house trying to find out why nobody's home after a year abroad. You'll find notes and secrets that will help you piece together where everyone is. Definitly NOT for people who don't enjoy exploration, as that's really all this game is."
76561198086447004,Not Recommended,232430,17452438,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,bigbear,Awful.
,Recommended,232430,17066357,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,thatfunkysimian,"Step insinde the home of a typical middle class american family, read through all their mail and then bugger off. Will play again."
,Recommended,232430,17306586,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Cheynio,"It's good, but don't spend £15 on it. Under £5 is fair."
76561198051949143,Recommended,232430,17423241,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Nefen,"The game is intriguing. Beautiful story. Touching ending. But could be longer, or dig deeper in Osmar past, got kinda curious about it. 08/10"
76561198266991338,Recommended,232430,19673048,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Sailor Doom,I just finished Gone Home and wtf everyone please play this game right now! <3 10/10
76561198136979338,Recommended,232430,20021755,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,extrasexysalsa,"-come home to no family greeting you-find out about your dead uncle-learn your parents may split up-your sister is a lesbian-notice that one of tvs is still getting a signal-tells everyone to evacuate the city because of potential flooding-realize your entire family is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to not even let you know that they've left6/10- notthe greatest but, meh"
76561198019031970,Recommended,232430,20034830,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SoSickOfThisInternetGaming,"Trigger warnings at the bottom may contain spoilers.I probably wouldn't buy this at full price because of how short it is but it is a good game and well worth the time and money if it happens to be on sale. There are no puzzles or combat in the game. The only goal is searching for clues about the lives of the mother, father, sister, and great uncle of the protagonist. It's a light mystery about a teen romance and a troubled marriage. While there are a few times when the player may be startled by thunder or power outages it's definitely not a horror game. It's a story driven game about people and how they change over time.The largest part of the story is about Sam, the protagonist's sister, discovering herself and coming into her own. Which wouldn't be half so compelling if the romance in the game was a conventional one. The writers did a lot of things right with the romance. They gave the characters time to develop as friends so they had chemistry and put a little twist on things which made it more interesting. Over all the story is well written.Most of the story is communicated through text documents found throughout the game many of which are private things written by the protagonist's family. This gives the story an intimately personal air. It's wrong, and rude, and awkward to be going through someone else's things but at the same time it brings the player closer to them because the player is learning about their lives and what matters to them. Because the story is communicated largely through text there is a lot of reading. Fortunately, there is a feature which can be switched on and off that puts easy to read bold text over documents. For anyone who is dyslexic, can't read cursive, doesn't have the best eyesight, or is just not good with hand writing this could be very helpful. This feature does have a tendency to glitch out after a while but restarting the game seems to fix it.This game does push a lot of nostalgia buttons for the 90s but also just for being a kid which probably doesn't changed much. For the right audience this can be a very compelling game like it was for me but that's not going to be the case for everyone. It's not a must play, its audience is too narrow for that, but if it sparks you interest it's worth a try.Triggers: Marital problems, cheating, some homophobia, childhood punishments such as being grounded. No suicide or sexual assault."
76561198079550218,Recommended,232430,20138422,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Kawaii Patato,Great game. Great storyline. Overly amazing.
,Not Recommended,232430,20140299,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,bacardiac,"all the songs on the casettes gave me cancerstory was boringso glad i bought this for $6 instead of $20not worth, -9999/10"
,Recommended,232430,20483571,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,ADirtyScrub,"No words to say how good this game is. Just play it, while I think that $20 is a bit for a game I finished in just over an hour I still recommend this for anyone who enjoys a really good emotional story told through a gane. The mood, setting, and atmopshere of this game is just top notch. If you can get it on any kind of sale then it's a must buy."
,Not Recommended,232430,20021969,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Crazy The Small Dragon,"This is not a game.I kept expecting a plotline to unfold as I pointlessly inspected everything and collected details with the expectation that something was going to happen... Nope, not a darn thing... The story was fine and finding out about the lives of everyone under the roof is cool but only if it is actually useful for something...To be honest it is well made, good all around for exploring as I tend to love to do, but only when I am trying to achieve something. This is NOT a game, this is a story that you get to delve into without actually interacting in any meaningful way."
,Not Recommended,232430,20656571,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,schlubadub,"I went into this game without any real idea of what to expect... the initial mystery, and creepy atmosphere (thunder, darkness, flickering lights, creepy old house etc) were quite intriguing. I kept thinking that it was building up to something awesome, but it turned out to be a simple teen love story. All the secret passages, dead relative back-story etc meant nothing. It really felt quite hollow at the end... almost like it was half a game and I wondered where the other half went. Overall, I can't really say that I enjoyed this game - it had a lot of promise, but didn't really go anywhere and fell flat. I was shocked that I paid $3 for this game... it's probably worth picking up for a buck, but not $20 (wtf?!)."
,Recommended,232430,25322322,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Sean,just play it.
,Not Recommended,232430,13679647,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Soga,"The first 40 minutes of the game I was in a panic, thinking either there was a deranged killer locked in the house with me or maybe there was some cool twist and I was the killer. The remaining minutes I thought that maybe Sam had killed herself and the ending would be tragic. It was at the end of this that I realized I had just played the video game equivelant of a feel good 90's drama. Very well made, glad I bought it on sale because this is not a game worth playing for gamers.One half of me believes this is cliche'd nonsense made to illicit strong emotional responses from emotionally sheltered children or (wo)man childs. The other feels like this is a game built around exploitation of terrible 90s movies that should have stayed where they came from. That being said, if the creator's purpose was to make a video game that feels like a 90s feel good drama then it was a success."
,Recommended,232430,13656126,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,lacielady,"The first two pages of reviews are negative so I'll leave a positive one. I really liked the game. I thought that the idea of going through a huge house and learning about this family was interesting. I will admit, that the atmosphere the game creates is very misleading but I liked that. I'm someone who will tell myself I want to play a horror game and then chicken out. So, for me, a game with a scary atmosphere but with no real monsters or jump scares was cool. I liked progressing through the story and learning about sams life. This game definitily isn't for everyone. It's sappy, not really scary, and very short. I would not pay $20 for it but I got it on sale and think it was worth the sales price. It's really short but good if you do not want to dedicate a lot of time playing a game and just want something quick."
,Not Recommended,232430,17554287,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Shiroyasha Gin,"The game is really okay in the beginning. You wonder what happend and where everyone is. Then i proceeded to read every single letter in the game. Its about your Dad who is writing reviews and books, and all kinds of mystery stuff around it. Seems like after reading all that... it wasn't even relevant to anything. I've spent 6 hours walking around reading letter just to make you waste some time in the game. And the ending was the worst. It was nothing special.. i feel confused since it started all so good. But they just all ruined it at the end. Just bad writing i guess..."
,Not Recommended,232430,17556669,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Big PAPA,"Seemed interesting at first so i made the purchase... I got it on sale so it wasn't a very big deal but it just isn't very immersive.  I don't feel a connection to the story and I just feel out of touch with what the developers were expecting. a 4/10 just from my experience, I think that many people may disagree with me."
,Not Recommended,232430,34162876,Posted: 11 August,all,Bae Joo-hyun,Disappointing and a little to no gameplay within my 1 hour of playtime. So much hype surrounded the game with stellar reviews.  Game is shallow and unoriginal. Does nothing good for video games. If anything it takes video games 10 steps back. The only positive is the atmosphere. It feels and sounds like a childhood home in the 90's.Gone Home's gameplay is uninspired and lazy. The story is boring and forced.I felt cheated buying this game. Not even worth playing if it were free.
76561198163828810,Recommended,232430,20046296,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Tinker,"Word to the wise: this game is not for everyone! I'm saying this despite having enjoyed my playthrough. The game is short, there is virtually no challenge in it, you basically just have this big mansion and you explore it; your actions are limited to opening/closing things and picking up / examining objects. Certain key objects/documents trigger audio diary entries that advance the story (i.e. lets you figure out what happened to your sister during the time you were gone).The story is nice and very personal, but you are just a listener, you can't interact with what happens (you arrived after she is already gone). The environment is detailed, you can spend 2-3 hours with the game if you really read every word and explore every corner.This is not a big game; yes it received praise and award, but if you go in with high expectations, you'll be disappointed. If you go in with no expectations at all, and just stay open to see what it is about, you just might end up liking it for what it is - a safe, completely challenge-free exploration of a detailed environment, and a nice and well-narrated story. My recommendation: if you don't mind trying a wacky experience like this, at least get it on sale, and try to keep an open mind!"
,Not Recommended,232430,9707273,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Leendert,"Really, just don't buy this game. just don't"
,Not Recommended,232430,20898732,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Logicbomb,The hype got me on this  game but after finally playing it I just could not get into it. Explore a house for clues bored me to death.
,Recommended,232430,28265283,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,dead_alewives,"Do I recommend this game? For the most part, but with some caveats. Let's start with the good:- Great story with great writing. Though not all trhat original, the story still tugs at the heartstrings throughout.- Outstanding voice acting. The two characters which are voice acted sound like natural, relatable human beings.- Great sound design, which includes the original music.-Lots of items to pick up and examine. Really helped flesh out the characters and make the world feel alive.Now that that's out of the way, what about the not-so-great? Well..- It takes two hours to beat. Two. And that was with me taking my time. Now that's not to say it doesn't tell a good story in that timeframe, it's just that I wouldn't pay the full $20 for it (which luckily, I didn't). Definitely get it while on sale or with a bundle.- Very little replay value. As is standard with ""walking simulators"" (at least the ones I've played) there's very little that would bring me back. No alternate or secret endings or anything like that. I suppose I might pick it up again just to hear the story one more time or find items I hadn't discovered before.- Runs poorly on my R9 290x with i5 6600 and 16GB ddr4 RAM. It was usually somewhere between 35-50 fps, and that's with some of the options turned down. I can run DOOM at max settings with no lag. This game doesn't have an excuse.And that's about it. Hopefully this helps you know what you're getting into. If you're into these types of games, you'd enjoy it. JUst know what you're getting into first."
,Recommended,232430,23644551,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Drih Hawkeye,"It's a bit too expensive, so I'd recomend to buy it on sale, but it is a great game with a moving, intriguing story, fantastic voice acting and details that show way more about characters we've never seen the faces of. Not only Sam, but all of them (didn't mention Lonnie here because of reasons). It's a very sensitive, subtle, touching game, a beautiful love story, and I'm really glad I got to experience it."
,Recommended,232430,16709770,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Thraiso,Great storytelling and a good argument proving video-games are a form of art.
76561198062823999,Recommended,232430,26289787,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,LoGamer,"It seems there is a lot of people who did not like this game and, honestly, I can understand why. Gone Home is rather short and the asking price of 20 pounds seems much for any game of barely two hours of play time.Also, this game is the apotheosis of the walking simulator: All you do in Gone Home is walk around, open some doors or drawers, turn the lights on and off and explore a seemingly abandoned house. And if that was all there was to it, i could not for the life of me recommend it.However, the minimalism of gameplay has a purpose: Gone Home is all about story and atmosphere.The story is told through countless audio logs, notes, letters, postcards and documents -- if you despise reading, this game is not for you. And although you have to piece the story together bit by bit on your own, it is sublimely written and unfolds into a very sweet narrative.The atmosphere is one of the richest and most immersive I have encountered. While the minimalism mentioned above also stretches into the graphical presentation, it does not break immersion and serves to focus on the important things the house you are in has to offer. But Gone Home does not rely on graphics alone to build its atmosphere: The soundscape is brilliantly crafted and plays a key role in the game.All in all, I personally can only recommend this jewel of a game, though it might not be everyone's cup of tea."
76561198075673900,Recommended,232430,26328531,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Robofrosty The Fun Police,Pretty decent game but not worth $20. It took me 2 hours to beat so buy it if it's under $10.
,Recommended,232430,26314613,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,orava,Beautiful. Best played without knowing anything at all about the game. :)
,Recommended,232430,8906855,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,z3rin,"I really enjoyed this game.  It played out as a story never could.  You learned more about the characters then you might ever even hear directly.  A multimedia experience paired perfectly with sharp visuals, an appropriate soundtrack, and some fond memories of the 90s."
,Recommended,232430,23756905,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Rob,"Game is good at immersing you, i felt like i was really walking instead of sitting in my chair crying about my lesbian sister."
,Recommended,232430,23960690,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,uneasybeat,I did like the story. The gameplay... not so much.
,Recommended,232430,24716871,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Avalanche,"Gone Home is a deceptive game, but that's just part of its charm. The game does a really good job of recreating the mood of being in a massive home alone at night. At first, I wasn't sure what kind of experience I was in for, but as the story began to unfold, I found myself captivated.That being said, this game is pretty heavily focused in the narrative department, to the point where a lot of people would be more inclined to call this a walking simulator than a game. If you hate that genre, I couldn't really recommend Gone Home for $20, as the game is almost exclusively a vehicle through which the story is delivered. If it's on sale, though, I would still recommend giving it a try. Gone Home really is a great game; it's just not necessarily for everyone."
,Recommended,232430,23919469,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,coralcomet,"One of the best stories in a videogame format i've ever played. Such a simple concept, yet dense and woven masterfully avoiding typical cliches. Despite the short length, there's a lot to see and experience. Grab it if you love narrative driven games."
76561198095859449,Recommended,232430,24708465,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Dorchadas,"I really enjoyed this one. Even though the game makes it clear there's no jumpscares, the atmosphere was eerie enough that you do end up creeping around the house wondering if something is going to jump out at you.  I found the 'click everything' method was best with this game as you can touch everything around the house, and moving the odd pillow or looking on the back of something can yield results.The whole game is very atmospheric, you almost get the feeling of mourning around the house as you go through the game and there was a while I came to a couple of conclusions about what the outcome would be, but was wrong on all counts. The ending is interesting, I hadn't expected it to happen that way.Great little free game, I really enjoyed it."
76561198313840700,Recommended,232430,24671967,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,saree,"Like others have said, the atmosphere and graphics are really good. The story is sweet and the small details you find around the house build strong characters bit by bit. However, I would definitely wait until this game is in a sale if you're going to buy, as it's pretty short."
,Recommended,232430,24732921,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,KayDucky,"I enjoyed the story quite a lot, although very short (an hour to two hours long depending on if you like be thorough). The graphics are nice, and as was the voice acting. I would recommend it more if it was less expensive (due to the short story), so get it on sale."
76561198019970807,Recommended,232430,16515828,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Dragobete,"This game is a decent game.I agree with some people that this game takes you in a completely different direction than you might expect it to.  However, I still really enjoyed the story that it told and the gameplay itself was pretty fun, just a basic point-and-click.That said, try to get it on sale.  It doesn't really live up to all the hype that I heard about it, and honestly it didn't really blow me away.  If you have a few hours to kill, I'd still definitely recommend this game though."
,Recommended,232430,16546604,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Kral Sumavy,A game that makes you feel at home9/10
,Recommended,232430,13663605,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,staySICK,"Beat the game in about 90 minutes, yes it is short.Good exploration title with a good story.  Has a bit of a horror creepy vibe while playing, but don't expect a scare.I see a lot put in about the price of the game. I recommend finding it on sale, but I think the full price is valid with the production values and inclusion of licensed music, I can see reasoning.Speaking of the music, if you were into 90s alternative/punk-- especially riot grrl-- this game will strike a chord."
,Recommended,232430,13675026,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,RetroSensei,Well worth your time.
,Recommended,232430,13688497,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,TayobaTelvanni,"If you like learning a little something or hearing a message then I guess this game is for you. I'm only giving a positive since there are so many negative. when I had first played the game, I came in not knowing anything. I like doing that for games since I like experiencing for myself, ya feel? My first thoughts that this was going for some kind of shock or scare tactic, since the music and a few other key things implied that. Though no it's about two gay girls which is cool i guess but i would've liked the shock n scare. Is this even a game? well yeah it was coded or something and you walk around . THATS WHAT MAkEs A GAME BRO."
,Recommended,232430,13700927,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Gretch_n,"Love it. If you are willing to invest in this game's story, it can be an amazing, emotional experience. Also 90s references."
,Recommended,232430,13842819,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,cigarettes,"I loved Gone Home. A first person adventure, borderline interactive fiction, set in a mansion. You play as Katie, a girl who's gone home (roll credits) from a trip in Europe, to find the place empty. It's from here you take control of Katie and must wander the house to uncover clues as to what happened. First off, the games sound design is perfect. The on-going rainstorm was the perfect background noise, and gave the entire experience an “off” feeling from the get go. The subtle original score, as well as the many Punk tapes lying around set the tone aurally very well, and the creaking of the old home was notable. The visuals, although plain, give a good grounded feel to the narrative. The mansion feels like it could be an actual place. The story is well written, and well delivered. It's memorable, and (at least in my experience) unique. The gameplay however, is sparse, mainly consisting of walking around and investigating objects, and reading notes. Even if that does not interest you mechanically, I'd recommend purchasing Gone Home, for a good story and a nice bite sized bit of entertainment. However, I have to say due to its length, I cannot recommend it at full price. It took me about 2 hours to complete. I'd say if you're looking for a tense, and interesting atmosphere piece, definitely pick up this wonderful tale. Just, wait for a sale."
,Recommended,232430,13906102,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,朝寝坊,"i don't like miley since she is transformed to adult but i like this song.. but i think because children like her and now she is adult she do sexual things in here shows and still children watch this. i think its not good she must do adult songs without sex and drugs,, i am from holland and dont like when she on mtv awards weed smoke.. it is not good for children.. so dont smoke we dont smoke.. its legall in holland but thats why whe dont smoke its not tough to do that only stupid..﻿"
,Recommended,232430,13963469,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Ze Apocalypse,"If youre pretty easily scared (like me), this game will buildd up tension like a mother, but in the end you will fall in love with this game and the characters. 10/10 Would totally pay full price to play"
76561198113586498,Not Recommended,232430,14073349,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Raleigh Theodore Sakers,Dog♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,232430,14080123,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Alessandro,"Gone Home is more a tour into a house abandoned by people fissured in writing notes than a game. With virtually zero challenge, still there's a chance you'll get stuck in this if you do not read carefully each one of the letters scattered throughout the rooms. Definitely not worth the price I paid because my expectations were too high, thanks to the dozens of reviews I previously read. At least the game has some cool songs..."
,Recommended,232430,13853190,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,LTanman,"First of all, I would highly recommend picking up this game in a sale if you're at all curious. I did enjoy the experience, and it offered something different to the rest of my steam library, which is always appreciated. I did have issues with the game, but if the story gets its hooks into you then you may be able to get past them.Pros:I found the setting to be incredibly peaceful, with a sense of nostalgia and melancholy throughout. The story was also touching, nicely told through a mixture of stories, notes, and voiceovers.If you enjoy reading, I would imagine that this game would offer something of value to you, as it feels like an engrossing short story, with you filling in the gaps. I definitely felt immersed, and I found myself carefully placing things back where I found them more often than not.The dynamic lighting (although I feel this may be responsible for the crappy framerate) was also a nice touch, as I found myself holding scraps of paper and cassette tapes up to lights so that I could get a good look at them.The sound design is also on point - I especially found the music accompanying Sam's voiceovers to lend the story some extra valence.Cons:One major issue I had with Gone Home was the optimization. From what I've seen and heard, a lot of people have had issues running the game at decent framerates.When I first started the game, my framerate was fine (around 40-50fps at 1080p), not ideal but definitely playable for a game with nothing to fight, and no twitch reactions required. However, after saving and loading my file, everything about the performance TANKED.After reloading the game, it ran around 12fps, even when dropping down to 720p, and changing the settings appeared to do nothing to fix this. At this point, I only had around half an hour left, so I struggled on. This issue definitely went some way to ruining the experience, but the story and atmosphere gave me enough motivation to continue.I also experienced some minor bugs that didn't affect my playing experience - some items, when dropped, would fall through the floor, never to be seen again. Some of these I hadn't finished reading, which was a minor annoyance. However, if this bug were to happen with anything important to the plot (codes and keys etc) then it would be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥One caveat I would like to add, although it obviously wasn't an issue for me, is that this game is absolutely NOT for everyone. If the story doesn't grab you, and you didn't grow up in the 90s, then you won't find much of value in Gone Home."
,Recommended,232430,11373324,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Robro,"The magic of this game really only exists when you take the time to be fully immersed in the story. If you are a gamer who is interested in story, and being capable of repsecting the story of a game regardless of anything else then absolutely grab this game. I saw another review mention that his biggest criticism was the ratio of the price tag to game length and this I have to agree with. This game is fantastic, the story is encapsulating, the game-play feel is great, but it is short. Personally, I find this game particularly enjoyable if you grab a nice six pack of your favorite brewery, sit down with your favorite gamer buddy (hopefully one who enjoys the art of storytelling separated from the typical objectives of gameplay), and play through this game.All-in-all, I absolutely recommend this game! I had a great experience and I think that plenty of people could enjoy it just as much as I did even if the price tag is a bit high for its length and replay value which, quite literally, is none."
,Recommended,232430,13603696,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,GargoyleGraphics,This game masterfully tells a story of a curious girl who runs away from home who wishes to take more from life with someone she loves.
76561198097716081,Recommended,232430,14122213,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,DRHewitt,"A contemplative game about discovery, intimacy and family, handled with a level of subtlety that is uncommon to the medium. Short but multifaceted story that I found very compelling to piece together. Excellent voice work and collectible design.3-ring binder/10"
76561198027404640,Recommended,232430,13602831,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,austeyre,"Not a very long or terribly challenging game, but wonderfully detailed, and the story gave me emotions.I had heard good things but waited to buy it until it was on sale, and I'm kind of glad I did since it is (as I mentioned) not a very long game.  The soundtrack was great, though, and I got really drawn in to the story.  It ended up being somewhere between a visual novel and a 90s movie, but in the best way possible.  I would say it's definitely worth checking out if you're into that sort of thing.Not taking any chances here because the fun is in unravelling the story and I don't want to give anything away, so I'm hiding this last bit under spoiler text,but honestly, 90s lesbians, there was no way I wasn't going to love this game."
,Recommended,232430,13604218,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,UmCourt,"I got this game when it first came out.  I don't regret it.  I enjoyed the storyline and the characters that went along with it.  For most people, they didn't care for the atmosphere (I think mostly because it gave this freaky vibe when there wasn't actually anything to fear).I also can't say I was disappointed at the end, but I definitely thought something else was going to happen.  It would have been nice if the game was longer, had DLC, or at least had different endings.All in all, i really enjoyed this game.  I thought it was nice from my usual killing zombie games (:"
76561198025031358,Recommended,232430,13776472,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Senseislim,Fantastic. It cannot be explained. It must be experienced.
,Recommended,232430,13712827,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,AscAnsio,"Just finished the game with completing all of the journals and other eastern eggs stuff %100 completed with spending nearly 4 hours to read every single paper or to inspect all of the items in da house; I enjoyed the game pretty much. But I was expecting some thriller elements in it nonetheless. The atmosphere was fine, the soundtrack was nice enough, and the story was intriguing at first, but the finale was not so surprising, so it was a little disappointment. If you like exploration games like this, give this title a try, especially if your childhood was majorly in 90's, because there are so many elements integrated into the game's world with that era's famous phenomenons. A 7/10 for me. The reviews on game critic websites are overrated IMHO."
,Recommended,232430,13700635,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Bambi‽,"First thing to note is that this is short. Beat it in about 90 minutes and I went through it at a pretty leasurely pace. There isn't a ton of content here. What's there is pretty interesting, but once you figure out the story it's pretty easy to see where it goes. Regardless, it's an above average game story, just nothing amazing. Virtually no gameplay, though, so if that's a dealbreaker for you then it's a hard pass. The voice acting is good, which helps it out a lot.If you're interested and don't mind walking simulator stuff then it's worth picking up when it's on sale, I guess. It's a bit hard to recommend, but I found myself enjoying it. It's most interesting at first, when I wasn't really sure what the game was. It falls off a bit once it's figured out, but it's still a nice story.If this sort of game is not up your alley or you only have a vague interest then it is skippable."
,Not Recommended,232430,9618874,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,jstep7262,"Had the game completed in an hour and a half and afterwards, well, the ending left a lot to be desired. I felt like I had definitely wasted my time and was pretty disappointed. If you have an extra hour to an hour and a half to waste and can get the game super cheap, then by my guest. Just don't expect much."
,Not Recommended,232430,9644651,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,HalfLife1MasterRace,"This game was a waste of 10 dollars. I can see where the developers are trying to go with the game, but it isn't my style. The game is basically about you who comes home late at night and slowly reveal the life of your little sister over the past few months. The ending was uneventful and to be straight forward so was the rest of the game. If I'd wanted a story I would have watched a movie (and this game would be a terrible movie). Don't buy the game if you are short on cash. It'd be better spent elsewhere on an awesome game like Half-Life or others which cost around the same price,"
,Not Recommended,232430,9658744,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Rndsum,"My better half wanted to play a game with me. We picked this up on one of her friends recomendation. I spent most of the game waiting for a jump scare, or some exciting interesting thing to happen. There's about 3 hours of gameplay, and 5 or 6 parographs of ""story"" I quote it so as not to ruin it if you choose to get this game if I say much of anything that's about half the story.I'd not recomend this to really anyone. The topic could be ""edgeie"" but there's no real substance just a lot of 3d brikabrack you really wish had some meaning other than to throw around in an angry rant (probably the funnest thing in the ""game"")I'm dislexic and normaly run stuff through a spellcheck but this games not really worth that IMOP."
,Not Recommended,232430,9702187,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,hanz0rz,"An idea with a lot of potential but ultimately isn't worth it.  The writers could have gone with anything, but seemingly picked the least interesting option.  The characters - in so far as they are fleshed out - are flat. I bought the game knowing absolutely nothing about the plot, so it was pretty interesting to play through, but the ending was a huge let-down. There is no replay value, so if you do decide to go for it, wait for a sale."
76561197988709901,Not Recommended,232430,9878879,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Sovereign_2183,"Instead of playing this game, try this: walk through your house (apartment, dorm room, etc.) and randomly pick up stuff, reminiscing about what the object means to you. There, you have now recreated the Gone Home experience for yourself and saved twenty bucks. You're welcome.EDIT: I was looking at the reviews for this game on the Steam page and I saw that the New York Times called this the ""greatest video game love story ever told"", and that infuriated me enough to edit this review to address that claim. This cliched, boring love story is seriously the best according to them? As soon as I read that, I instantly thought of the Mass Effect series. The love story (specifically between Shepard and Tali) is a million times more passionate, heartfelt, and ultimately heartbreaking than this one. It's difficult to describe, but no less real for being so. The point is, if I can think of a better love story after less than a second of thought, it shows that whoever called this the greatest love story has probably only ever played this one game in their life. So don't believe the ""hype"" (though in fairness, I understand that the NYT isn't exactly known as a gaming journal, but come on)."
76561198129543199,Not Recommended,232430,10631403,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kagamine,Worst walking simulator ever! You can even complete this in 20 seconds.
,Not Recommended,232430,10736454,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Entola,"Don't buy this ""Game""."
76561198027419244,Not Recommended,232430,10763860,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,blooskiddoo,"First a little background: I bought this game to play with my wife. I was not expecting a horror game (which it isn't) but I was expecting a point and click adventure. I got it on the summer sale and still BARELY think it's worth the value.Reasons NOT to buy this game:1) If you are looking for a puzzle game. There are literally 0 puzzles to solve unless you want to grind and find out the history of one character.2) If you are looking for a remotely scary game. The scariest element is that it's raining outside3) If your looking for a larger area to explore (i.e. Syberia). It's only a house, and a relatively small environment.4) If you are anti-gay. The main storyline is a love story teenage girl and her luh-ver.Reasons TO buy this game:1) You are looking for an interactive story telling experience. Though I would suggest Dear Esther over this.2) You just want to walk around a house in a linear path set out for you and do some mindless watching.3) ..................I can't think of another reason.In short: the artwork is less than stellar, but the environment is nice, as you would expect for a interactive story. On sale, sure, why not, it's like a movie albiet not a great one.EDIT: There is A TON of reading. If you tire after a couple pages this is not the game for you."
76561198000507913,Not Recommended,232430,10791698,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ghost81,"wow, wasted half a hour of my life"
,Not Recommended,232430,10819729,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Froad,"This game would be good if it weren't for the underlying tone of ""I AM WOMYN STOP OPRESSING ME""  Decent idea for a story, decent models.  It was alright, but Jeusus, stop victimizing yourself."
76561198053808511,Not Recommended,232430,10826617,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,whitson774,"Highly overrated, cannot see why it won so many game of the year awards.  Story is deep, if you consider Twilight to be an epic fantasy drama.Pick up on sale like I did if you really want to experience it, avoid like the plague at full price.EDIT: I'd like to add that it is not a bad game and had so many GOTY awards not been thrown at it I mayhave enjoyed it more, but it certainly didn't live up to the hype."
,Not Recommended,232430,10909876,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Cube B,"Against better judgement, I decided to buy this game. First, I'll start off by saying that the 20 dollar price tag is absolutely ridiculous for a game you can clock in about an hour WHICH ALSO HAS a poor, tacked together story. I'm more than ok with paying 10-20 for a short game that is interesting/thought-provoking (ala The Stanley Parable, Antechamber). However, this comes across as a contrived feminist-flavoured contemporary art project, trying a little bit too hard to convey a human story that...well...isn't all that compelling.The amount of red herrings in this game is insane. You find all kinds of creepy, and unmistakably occult clues around the house (Ouija board, pentagram, ""blood"" in the bath tub, which turns out to be red hair dye etc), and this high tension strings you along to an ending that simply falls flat on its face.Just about everything in the house points towards some sort of sinister ending that never comes. Avoid at all costs."
,Not Recommended,232430,10975388,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Dat Cape❤,Too DEEP for me.
,Not Recommended,232430,11007050,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Temarh,"Good use of atmosphere, but HIGHLY disappointing story (linear, simple, telegraphed ending, with zero replay value). Spend the money for a movie and popcorn, it'd be cheaper, longer, and better written."
76561198013132731,Not Recommended,232430,11007202,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,PT1980-20..,Enjoyable story and drawer opening gameplay simmilar to the first half hour of shenmue. Would have liked more exploration of the secondary characters story lines. Ripe for a sequel but lots that could be improved upon.
76561198090279061,Not Recommended,232430,11836394,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Cait,"Wasn't the game I thought it would be. I was hopping it would be some kind of murder mystery or something, but instead it was just whiney and boring. It was reccommended to me by a friend and he loves it, but it didn't do it for me. Not for eveyone."
76561198048542134,Not Recommended,232430,11846523,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,2wo Keks,Patchy the Pirate's review of Gone Homewww.youtube.com/watch?v=FwlengYr9_c
,Not Recommended,232430,11994417,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Hodor,Nope.
,Not Recommended,232430,12379072,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,asgalpha,I regret playing this game
76561197980787666,Not Recommended,232430,13442565,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,yubman,Not much of a game.  Just wander around an empty house trying to find the keys to a couple of locked doors.
76561198131113468,Not Recommended,232430,9655459,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,hailbears,"I bought this game thinking it was going to be a great mystery. It was not, there is nothing scary in this game and not worth the price of it. You will burn through it in an hour or two and then it's over, nothing big or flashy just something to pass the time."
,Not Recommended,232430,9998176,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,evanita93,"[For all the people out there who get butthurt over things like this-SPOILER ALERT] Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you-Twilight: The Video Game! Yeah, I fell for the hype and got majorly disappointed, just like many others. The thing that makes me so angry about this game is that it had SO much potential and where did they go with it? The crappy teen romance story that would never work out in real life. The parts of the story that could have made interesting plot points (the paranormal elements, the marital troubles of the parents) were just left as empty plot holes with no resolution. Maybe the reason that this game got so many good reviews from major news outlets is that it's mostly older people writing said reviews who don't really play and/or understand that video games have progressed from brainless shooters and platformers; just because this story has a narrative and is from the POV of a young person doesn't make the game new and edgy. This game has been done many times before, and better too."
,Not Recommended,232430,11994226,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Qyrax,Really?
,Not Recommended,232430,11012603,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Tabula Rasa,"This is not a game worth 20 dollars. This is not even the game it purports to be in it's own Steam page. It wasn't a bad experience while it lasted, but it's so short and so insubstantial that it's not worth justifying the price tag.Gone Homeis a short story adventure game involving a single character, named Kaitlin, who has come home (get it?) after a long trip to find her parents and younger sister missing. Kaitlin must piece together whatever pieces of evidence togther to find out what has happened to her family.The game itself is very well-designed. The house feels very atmospheric, and is kind of fun to explore, picking up all the objects in the environment and examining the little details to piece together whatever story you can find. However, instead of being a dark, brooding, story involving the disappearance of your family, it's mostly just a teenage romance involving two girls, that, while sweet and kind of touching, isn't the ""mystery"" that I was expecting, and isn't what the game appears to be trying to sell me.Constant lights flickering on and off, supernatural elements involving the supposed ghost of a dead relative, lights breaking, and the oppressive dread that exists simply from being absolutely alone, appear to be trying to give me the impression that I'm playing some kind of horror game.Unfortunately for Gone home, I'm not fooled.That's not to say I didn't like the game, I kind of did, in a way. Hearing the story bits and piecing together the family life of Kaitlin and Sam were touching, and I found a strange sort of catharsis from discovering something important and hearing some narration from Sam.But other than that, there's really nothing else to say about it. It's so short and so insubstantial that you can beat it in an hour or two, even if you fall asleep at the keyboard or have a stroke mid-game or something. Ironically, it's lengthened by the backtracking, the lack of direction, and the deliberately slow Dear-Esther style walking pace, and it's still incredibly short. And once you're done, there's not really any kind of reason to play it again. And for 20 dollars?! That's criminal! You can get games with subsantially more depth and complexity for free!If you like the idea of walking around a spooky mansion, discovering pieces of a not-really-interesting story, told in a semi-interesting way, then, and only then, would I recommend Gone Home, but not for more than $5 on sale.Caveat Emptor"
,Not Recommended,232430,11105817,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Luke,"Its......ok.  Intersting story, nothing ground breaking, reminds me of a much milder Myst thats more telling a story and for some reason I'm not quite sure why."
76561198151155762,Not Recommended,232430,11848983,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Katalan86,"The expectation that the read up gives the buyer, far exceeds what the game actually delivers. The gameplay was good and visually it was all there. The back story line works, fine she has a gay sister that has run off with her lesbian lover and her parents have gone on a retreat for help their marriage due to the mother getting it on with a co-worker. But the setup for fright is so good that when it doesn't happen it's boring.The house was owned by 'oscar' who died in the house. Her sister and her girlfriend were playing around with the spirits and doing stuff they shouldn't mess with, but where's the fright? It would have been more enjoyable if things had been thrown at you. Doors slammed in your face. The setup was there but the follow through that didn't come ruined it. Especially the red hair dye in the bath that was presumed to be blood at first. I wouldn't buy another game like this without watching a YouTube video first, but then that ruins the game in some ways.DON'T BUY. KEEP YOUR MONEY. I WISH I DID!"
,Not Recommended,232430,9258713,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Madbat,"Unplayable waste of money. Constant crash on startup, requires alt-cntl-del to call up task manager to kill the app. Uninstalled."
76561198027621589,Recommended,232430,20155979,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Sadthorn,Excellent story to follow in such a creative and interactive way.  Relaxing and enjoyable to play.  Great game for the inquisitive and curious!
,Recommended,232430,13680384,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,"Janos Bartok, Esq.",Not my usual thing but just.... great!  Made with care and it shows.
76561198116041534,Recommended,232430,13697771,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,MasterBungalow,"Sure this game is short and is pricey for the gameplay and the length, but its worth it if: If you think about getting this game, you should wait unitl it's on sale for 10$ or less.I bought this game for about 3.50, which is an amazing deal.Gone Home is atmospheric, the game makes you feel like you are in the shoes of the character you are playing. Walking around, opening doors and drawers, Picking up objects, reading letters, books, journals, listening to great music, is all that you will be doing in the game. Unraveling the whereabouts of your family and finding out a little bit about the character you are playing is what keeps you going. Gone Home also does a great job of putting you in the 90's. Gone Home is not so much of a game that gives you a challenge, its more like a book, it lets you fullfill the story at the pace you want and how you want to do it.The story is predictable but so well done, its very believable. Though I expected a more robust ending I was still satisfied."
,Recommended,232430,14025576,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,JackaL,"This game is, to me, a masterpiece. It's an introspective, atmospheric game that hinges on good storytelling. The game can be thought of as an interactive novel: as you interact with the various rooms and various objects strewn about, the overarching story as well as various details will start to come alive. I easily found myself getting lost in this game.This game is very laid back: you just let it take you where it takes you. There's no rush. You're free to take your time and explore and really absorb the story and the environments and the atmosphere.My issue with this game is that it is short. Aside from that, it is worth buying. It is an unforgettable experience."
76561198011993105,Recommended,232430,14219965,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Salamander,"Incredibly short gameI was very disappointed with the length of the game. I was able to finish it in it's entirety in 2 hours. With that being said, the story is very good, even though it wasn't at all what I was expecting. The voice acting was probably the best I've heard in any game; and I've played a lot of games. I can recommend this game if it's bought on sale.**SPOILERS**I thought there were way too many texts to read in the game. I understand it's for character development, but it just didn't feel like a lot of them were relevant or tied into the game very well. It would seem Jan was having an affair with Rick, which is why the anniversary was spent at a counseling camp. However, what did this really have to do with the main story line? A lot of useless objects to interact with as well. Just my .02"
76561197983885538,Recommended,232430,14366645,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,cammy_wins,"Also available at:http://indieelectronicfables.blogspot.co.uk/2015/02/gone-home-emotional-indie-mystery.htmlWhilst I have been and ""returned home"" myself for a short while and should be writing my masters, I decided to take some time out to try the infamous game that replicates (but doesn't mirror) this experience, ""Gone Home"". It says in the Steam newsfeed from +Rock Paper Shotgun that +FullBright Games  could stretch the amount of reviews for this game to cover each day for the rest of time. Sorry, I am going to help make this game be talked about in old age.To take a hammer to a well worn nail, I likewise cannot say very much about the game without revealing aspects of its core narrative, so I cannot say much that has already not been said (ha ha). but in summary it is a game with exceptional attention to detail, characterisation, voice acting, and writing. Without giving anything else away I approve very highly of the cassette tapes, there are some favourites in there.So your name is Kaitlin and you have been travelling around Europe for a year and return home to see your family, but for some reason nobody is at home. You have a simple interface system of WASD, the mouse to look at a one button interaction (and one more to flip items around to look at them) which keeps the focus on the story. You will spend all of your time investigatin' items around the home to try and piece together what has happened. There are postcards from yourself, cassette tapes, newspaper clippings, bills, all sorts. Everything ranges from the mundane (soap powder) to the extremely personal (handwritten notes with doodles). The items in the game are the foundation which make the story seem uncannily real.First of all, the game is set in the 90s (94-95 to be exact) and everything feels like it fits really well. There are bright colours, a lot of VHS tapes, vinyl, the works; it does a fantastic job in making you feel like it is that time. Some would argue that the graphics are basic but there is a high level of detail to these environments that makes you feel like a house that is ""living in"" with it's assortment of clutter and ornamentation. In fact if it didn't convey this feeling you probably wouldn't be so involved in the dialogue as it would be ""just another game space"". Secondly, the level of writing for the letters really shines through what is seen, and it is believable that you are reading about these people and that they are real. Praise where it is certainly deserved as throughout you are really wanting to know what happens to these people. The process of opening drawers and picking things up reminds me of ""Amnesia: The Dark Descent"" but unlike that you feel intrusive, like an invader. Everything feels so personal and real that you are embarrassed as much as the main character (and moreso) when you find things you believe you should not be looking at; that is the power of this game.There is about 2 hours of gameplay here. That is presuming you take your time, check every nook and cranny, look at everything and read all the material that is here. It stands to reason that a gamer looking for challenge either in reactions, puzzles, or strategy might be a bit disappointed by this game. It is not a game in this sense but a well-woven story and narrative that requests that you breathe, think and care which sits alongside games like Dear Esther and Thomas Was Alone. Dear Esther is a briny, landscape spanning walk through literary passages, philosophy, and contemplation from the perspective of an older person seeking answers whereas Gone Home is immediate, youthful, anarchic and hormonal. It is the difference in perspective but no less a reflection, no less a consideration of feeling, thought and upheaval especially as it evokes these feelings in yourself, these memories. There are some twists to this story too with some excellent framing devices for these (once again cannot give away) which leave you to tip your invisible hat a few times.In summary, an excellent game. It is another game that seeks to join the moshpit and elbow it's way into a discussion about ""are games art?"", because it certainly deserves to in there. It is a game for dreamers, thinkers, creative-types, and feelers, and the game celebrates this in a big way through it's design and characters. Get it now!"
,Recommended,232430,14386186,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,"Trapped in Bubbaville, Send Help","It's barely a game.I, uh, played this before starting Life is Strange. There's not a whole lot of actual ""game"" in this game, and I unfortunately had the, uh, mystery spoiled for me before I started. It was not an unpleasant experience, and it was for sure a better ""explore stuff and listen to people tell you a plot"" experience than Dear Esther. Or, The Path. Or any more of those kind of games. On the other hand, it cost actual US Dollars. Mang, I don't know. I'm going to avoid saying more about the plot, becuase spoilers, but I will say: Gameplay-wise, they did a great job of directing the plot via geography. Better than other games like this, for sure.I liked this, but I wouldn't recommend playing it if you have the plot spoiled for you.I liked this, but I wouldn't recommend playing it unless you're down with the central concept, which is basically a spoiler.Get this game if you don't pay a lot for it or if you've heard a spoiler but maybe not too many spoilers?"
76561198020530941,Recommended,232430,11088863,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Irishladscark,Very short but very interesting!
,Recommended,232430,8499943,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Koobazaur,"A really unique, well-designed and atmospheric game. However, it is short, appealing to fans of narrative and ""interactive fiction."" Really enjoyed it, but also glad I got it at a considerable discount."
,Recommended,232430,25760550,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,tustin2121,Touching story. It's quite interesting how well the story can be told through all the things scattered about the house. And I applaud the use of lighting and architecture to draw you as the player forward through the narritive (I noticed what you guys did with the lighting in that basement bit... :P )
76561197989053541,Recommended,232430,19242884,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,cheffdonty,Nice little story/puzzle game with lots of secrets. I had fun. The only thing I don't like is how a few of the side characters hit a brick wall in the development department towards the end of the game.
76561198065612282,Recommended,232430,8692676,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Russell Coight,Brilliant early nineties punk/grunge music. A modern day lesbian romeo and julliet. 10/10
,Recommended,232430,7412901,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,The Homosecsualist,"This is a nice game, it's different, but it's story telling aspect is memorable and applaudable.Certainly not worth 20 dollars but 4 a rich imbecile such as i, when does that ever matter?Bottomline, if you see this on sale 4 5 bucks or so, get it for an afternoon treat, otherwise you will be daring if you purchase 4 20 bucks."
,Recommended,232430,8323641,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Sleep Fighter V,"A short (2-3hrs), but really interesting title. I enjoyed looking at all the handwritten notes, newspaper clippings and finding small details such as Red Dwarf being on the TV listings.  Great stuff and a heartwarming (for the most part) story."
76561198054709067,Recommended,232430,8928596,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,TheUnionArgus,"9/10. A truly unique game, with unique game mechanics, and story telling mechanics. The 9/10 score is solely because the game banked on certain ""Escape the Room"" type puzzles, and could have benifited from a larger house and less puzzles."
,Recommended,232430,8776593,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,dreganastra,"Great narative, creepy atmosphere, fun to explore, Overall great game.Downsided is, little to no replay. once you finish there is very little reason to go back to it. you know the story, you know where to find everything you need, and can theoretically beat it in five minutes.HOWEVER! It needs to be played at least once. the story is that good in my opinion. that one playthrough is definitely worth the $10.00"
,Recommended,232430,7833923,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Hohenheim LFT,"I love this game, I love that it takes place in the 90's, you get to see a lot of really cool things from the 90's, it's like going back in time to your old home when you were a kid. The story behind it is wonderful. The attention to detail that you need to figure out the story of all the characters is much needed. If you just breeze through you'll just find out about the younger sister and no one else. The music, the ambience are superb. I love the graphics, it's a 2-hour game but it's definitely worth it. There's no replay value but I might find myself playing it again maybe a year from the last time I played it. It's pretty much a really good book, it's hard to find a book you want to read multiple times, and this is one of them."
,Recommended,232430,7541281,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,muffinses,A revelation. One of the finest games ever made.
,Recommended,232430,13154599,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,DvnMethod,This game was good but short.  I enjoyed the story and the voice acting was done well.
76561197977208765,Recommended,232430,13155963,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,matthew-*****,This was not what I was expecting at all when I started the game.  It ended up telling a wonderful story that was a really interesting mystery to solve.
,Not Recommended,232430,13764530,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Verno,"This is a poorly written teenage diary with some unsubtle social commentary.  What could've been an interesting setting and premise is ruined by a narrative seemingly aimed at people with the emotional development of a 14 year old.  The social themes are practically beaten over your head with inept writing and in-game references to cliches.This is not a game and I'm not sure I would qualify it as ""art"" either.  It's not hard to see why it has a great metacritic rating, its the type of artsy thing that the gaming press loves to put on a pedestal and wax poetic about how games can be as meaningful as other mediums.  Unfortunately this game has very little to offer other than one sided jibes at certain groups and social cliches.  Its an extremely poor value and about the only positive thing I can say about it is that it has a lot of 90s nostalgia references.Go spend your money on actual games and if you want something with an adult narrative that is more interactive then check out a Telltale game sometime."
,Recommended,232430,27551058,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jules,Captivating.
,Recommended,232430,13776523,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,nicoramas,"For those who can appreciate an introspective look into onself through the words of a teenage girl finding her way. With a hint of mystery and the peranormal, this story will leave you satisfied and wanting more. Simply amazing and deserves the praise!10/10"
,Recommended,232430,7776447,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,amnesiac,"Original, unlike anything else I've played. The rare video game that has a story worth paying attention to."
,Recommended,232430,7989806,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Jeremy Ross,Good Game
,Recommended,232430,7776235,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,siln,"Gone Home is simple and straightforward in its mechanics.  You survey the scene.  You examine.  You read.  You listen.  You discover.While the most readily consumable narrative tells the story of the player character's younger sister growing in the mid-90s and facing her own struggles, Gone Home trusts the player to explore and extrapolate in order to uncover the different stories that together depict a family of individuals, each wrestling with personal demons, and various emotional crises.The house has a story to tell that is as personal and powerful as it is ordinary.  What it asks in return is that you have the patience and the initiative to uncover it."
76561198082361516,Recommended,232430,13795267,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,dmauas,"Wow. I'm speechless.I cried at the end. This is the first time a game has brought me to tears.What superb storytelling, a true masterpiece, unparalelled.Ask no questions, simply buy and play.This one went straight to long-term-memory."
,Not Recommended,232430,21581035,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Fratt,Steaming pile of c***
,Recommended,232430,16567906,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Octotr0n,"The best way to describe Gone Home is calling it a visual short story. A very compelling one at that. Gone Home made me want to continue exploration and scrape up every bit of information I could out of my surroundings. The story managed to even bring a tear to my eye. $20 is a bit pricy for such a short story, but I would pay $7 again to feel the way this game made me feel.8/10"
,Recommended,232430,15084462,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,kimbojones,"If you like to read, you will probably like this game. I had the feeling of being in a novel as I played, which for me was enjoyable. I can see how people who had a certain expectation might not enjoy it, but the game description says exactly what it is. I don't understand the visceral anger from some people over it not delivering what it supposedly promised. But I do understand being upset at having spent 20$ on it. I bought it during the steam sale for 50% off. After having played it, I think 10$ was fair. Buy it on sale. That said, it was very engaging and part of the reason I played through it relatively quickly, was that it felt like a book I didn't want to put down."
,Recommended,232430,27507831,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sarmanikan,Touching and emotional.  Good for a few hours of exploring.
,Recommended,232430,15619978,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Magnus Prime,"I recommend this game very much -- if it's on sale for MUCH less.I really enjoyed the intensive story of the game, but it only lasts about 2 hours at most. So, I would definitely recommend the game for the stunning visuals, voice-overs, overall intriguing tone, and story that sucks you in. But then it's over.Also, you may have read this in other comments, but the mystery has little to do with supernatural elements. The story does certainly have a horror or thriller feel, however, which I enjoyed. But it's more about human life than about danger and fear."
,Recommended,232430,19686301,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Phxh,"Loved it.Great, deep, short.The story is immersive and relatable.The voice acting is great."
76561198077164582,Recommended,232430,16835473,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Caramel Bear,This game was definitely not what I was expecting it to be. BUY this
,Recommended,232430,19733622,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,npc_crow,"more of a broken family simulator. Not alot of stuff going on, but theres a great story going on. This game should be classified under ""Non-Fiction"". JA FEEL?"
,Recommended,232430,13409509,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,[TKBT] rimernordles,"This is a very good ""Experience"" the reason I use that word is because this isn't really a game. It's kindof like hide and seek but instead of finding people you're finding clues as to where your family has gone. It's a beautiful love story and an interesting mystery and I recommend this to anyone who thinks they would enjoy this kind of experience. Although really short, I found myself liking this alot."
76561198140936169,Recommended,232430,13600842,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,benhaderle,Awesome storytelling. A landmark for games
,Recommended,232430,21168327,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Kathoey (◕ᴗ◕✿),"Just finished a second playthrough. I am now holding myself trembling. I am an antisocial, depressed person. This still makes me cry and feel two years later.Great story, nuf said"
,Recommended,232430,8181856,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,R2D2,"TL;DR: This is more of an interactive story than a game, it's not incredibly long, I cried each time I played it, you don't get to shoot guns and kill things, and it doesn't deserve all the negative reviews its been given. Its got a beautiful story and if you appreciate it for what it is you'll enjoy it as much as I did.This game is a beautiful piece of art, lbr. Yes, it's more an interactive story but there's nothing wrong with that! I really felt pulled in to the story, the atmosphere was great, the story had me on edge at some points ngl. You can get any number of games out there on Steam that are about killing and blowing things up, and if that's what you like then maybe this game isn't for you, but it's beautiful in its own right. And that's exactly what we need! I don't need another Assassin's Creed or another GTA or whatever where I play as some typical male character and kill things for hours on end. This game might not be for everyone but there's nothing about this game that deserves all the negativity surrounding it.When this first came out and Steam tagging was introduced I saw tags like ""White Girl Problems"" and ""Walking Simulator"" and, you know what, no. This is a game with a beautiful story that had me in tears. Appreciate it for what it is. Also, considering 95% of the games I've played have had a white male as the protagonist it was so refreshing to have a game like this! Where there were basically three characters, all female, two of which are in a relationship. And of course it got negative reviews. Of course. (I'm not gonna go in depth here but, I mean, come on, really???)It's upsetting to me that the most ""helpful"" reviews on Steam are all the negative ones. I've seen most people, when giving a negative review for this game, complain that there wasn't anything to do and that they just walked around, listen to a story they didn't care about, and that the ending sucked. In my opinion this game was meant to make you feel like coming home, by a family, to feel nostalgic. The point was to walk around and look at the lives of these people, of this family, and connect to them. The story was beautiful and the ending was great! I was expecting a horribly sad ending but it wasn't, it was a happy one, and that's great too!If you go into this game expecting to hate it based on what you've heard (maybe you don't like the idea of just walking around a house, maybe you don't like the idea of the story, whatever) then you will hate it. That's how thing usually work! But if you stay open to it, if you accept it for what it is and appreciate all the beautiful aspects of it, if you actually immerse yourself in the story, you might change your mind.(I've probably left a lot of things out in this review (a few things on purpose so I don't offend too many babbies out there with my opinions) but I tried to include the most important parts!)"
,Recommended,232430,13772442,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,It's not me,"The game's story is great, but like many people are saying, there's not a lot of game play and it's a quick play through. Worth the buy if you grab it on sale."
,Not Recommended,232430,19829777,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Wasloos aKa Our Führer,The game is so freakin confusing.
,Recommended,232430,8321805,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Dustincredible,"The best way to experience this game is to go in blindly, without any idea of what you are getting into. Let every emotion and question you have lead you on your way through the game. Explore everything. Let this game bring you on it's amazing adventure the way it was supposed to. I am extremely happy with my purchase of this and I honestly feel like this is a story that should not be missed, I honestly feel sad knowing that people out there will never know what this is."
76561198028682921,Recommended,232430,8779545,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,SteelMemes,"Honestly its so hard for me to review this.My best tip for enjoying this to its fullest degree is to not read any reviews and go in completely blind. That gives you the best experience.SPOILERS INBOUND!!!Basically this is a game that is made to be an amazingly story driven game. Driven by the fact that you have to figure out the story by yourself with seemingly no help. The problem is that there is no sense of challenge in the game. Now I know that isnt what the game was marketed as, but it sort of sucks basically being spoon fed a story that would only be considered a ""masterpiece"" by people that dig too deep. The story revolves around a girl who finds herself in a confusing state of life, her first love. Interesting enough, then they throw the lesbian card in there. This story would have played out the same way if it were a lesbian, straight, or gay couple. Honestly. The fact that it is in there sort of feels like they wanted to make a story slightly better by throwing a social taboo into the mix and getting a reaction. Now that isnt to say that the game is bad, in fact its far from it. But it isnt a ""masterpiece"" or ""must play"".This game does so many things right. Atmosphere, a narrative that keeps people interested in a unique-ish fashion, subtle story elements that add up to an interesting sub plot line within the main plot. The problem for me is that the main plot is also subtle. Thats not a bad thing at all, but the fact that the story literally sounds like any contrived ""young adult"" novel that you would have purchased in the time period given in the game. Now this is done very deliberately, so does that mean it is worse or better for it? I see what they wanted to do with this game, and I admire it so so much, but I wish the story was a little more deep than a $10 coming of age novel that I could get at Barnes & Noble. I am truly looking forward to the next game from this studio and I like this game for what it is. But be warned, its not for everyone. Its for a certain type of person that may get an emotional explosion from a story that is so simple yet beautiful that they feel it in every fiber of their being. Others will see it the way I see it."
76561197966640255,Recommended,232430,25104641,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Coorran,Amazing!
76561198003960417,Recommended,232430,10940598,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Tenebram,"Omg.. this is by far the most emotional game I have ever played... it is incredibly well done, the atmosphere, the setting all the little things to fit the era (VHS and cassettes :P), the story all of it..."
,Recommended,232430,25439576,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Caffeine Zombie,"Gone Home is a short game. But it's indeed a trip to the past. A nostalgia trip one could say. It reminds me of the old point and click advanture games such as Dark Fall & Myst as well of the 1990s...Taking place in a new home, to both you and your family, you explore the environment alone, searching for clues of what happened and where everyone is. But as the story is told through journal entries, the mystery is slowly revealed. It is toughing, but not at all that sad.I would strongly suggest buying this game while on sale for this sort of game is not for everyone."
76561198160228453,Not Recommended,232430,24068518,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,katie.e.williams1,"Pretty short game (1.5 hours) where you're discovering pieces of the story. The story was not very exciting. It felt like a bad YA love story novel. I was expecting the story to be more exciting, with twists or plot developments, but it was much more like when you would get home from school as a kid and your parents weren't home so you'd try to decipher where they've gone. Not exciting and very mellow."
,Not Recommended,232430,24208804,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Reprotted,"Wow I'm very glad I got it for less than $20. I mean it's a really good game, but I beat it in less than an hour. I wasn't even really rushing through it either. I was hoping it was just a joke, and there were multiple endings, but there itsn't. Anyway, if it's on sale for like $5 I guess it's worth it. It's really good. Like REALLY good, but not $20 good."
76561197960334782,Not Recommended,232430,24091172,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,pinnback,"If I could I'd give this an inbetween rating, great storytelling, great athmosphere, but 100 mins from start to credits ... seriously? It was fun, the game made me feel immersed. Played it one evening for 90 mins thought ""It's really late now, just wanted to give this a go, I'll continue tomorrow"", bitter disappointment on the second night, when there was just the last place to visit, and finish the game with a few meters of walking and literraly 4 more clicks."
,Recommended,232430,24769201,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,robo,This masterfully designed room escape set in 1994 will bring back all those beautiful memories.  The attention to detail in the rendering of all text on any surface completes the suspension of disbelief required for full immersion. Nice work!
,Recommended,232430,24783258,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Goolem,"This game was great for those who like a good story and walking around ""figure out what happened"" kind of games. I was on edge the entire game and had no idea how it was going to end until the very end."
76561197987711951,Recommended,232430,24240952,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,JT,More than a game this is a story waiting to be unfolded. Exploration is your only real tool and there's no wrong decision to be made. But don't get me wrong. This is not a bad thing at all. Every little detail helps shaping the narrative as your imagination fills in the gaps. Solid storytelling that had me craving for each new piece of information. The sound department is especially noteworthy as it the feature that really boosts the immersion in this game.A short story that's worth every cent.
76561198084590497,Recommended,232430,24349037,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,super-slave Wrendo,There is a lot of humanity in this game.
76561198088087214,Not Recommended,232430,24048534,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,hayley826,Finished in less than an hour and nothing happened. Waste of money.
,Recommended,232430,8771297,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Mosaic,"A really touching surprise from 2013 and a new game game to enter my favorite top 10 of all time! This game is very slow paced and short, there isn't any shooting or killing of orcs. But don't let that stop you, because this game is incredibly interesting and emotionally powerful on several levels. You explore a seemingly empty house and discover what has become of the residents. Being a bit of a odd dude myself, I really connected with the story of the main character you learn about on a very deep emotional level. Trying to find your place in the world is never easy or usually quick and seeing how she experianced part of her journey was really fascinating. The graphics may be about mundane stuff, but they are very detailed and the ability to explore and learn in this world rather than just running and gunning is really a joy."
76561198034308821,Not Recommended,232430,24110473,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Michael Jackson Fils de Zombie,"I'm sure it must have taken a huge amount of time to build up such a great atmosphere and take the time to put everything together to have a really good story... but 20$ for a 2h game is a bit excessive I think (especially when you can finish the game in 2min by mistake).I would recommand this game if under 10$, at interesting as it is (a part of me thinks it could have been even a bit better as at least one of the stories was not developped at all) 20$ is a bit much. Under 10$ you wouldn't regret it at all if you like smart games that play on atmosphere."
76561198310681513,Not Recommended,232430,24113780,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Nicolas,The only positive thing is the detailed environment.
76561198076041566,Not Recommended,232430,24448345,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,masulkowski,"I'd have like this plot a lot more if were just a twine of Sam's journals. I guess ""working"" for every individual entries by walking around clicking on things is supposed to make us more invested in the story, but it doesn't.Also, if they hadn't set us up to think this was a haunted house story with the dead relative's ghost. That would make the game less of an anticlimax."
76561198118641197,Recommended,232430,16538712,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Hoyterrific,A very short game with a touching story. Unlike any other game I've played before.8/10 banannas.
76561198040890968,Recommended,232430,16567116,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Purity_Ctrl,This was the first game of its kind that I have played and all I can say is wow.It's awesome. get it.
,Recommended,232430,16585166,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,haazetzet,YES!!!
,Recommended,232430,16540168,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Kawlon,"Wonderful Art and Music, Too much walking 10/10"
,Recommended,232430,16545203,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,AtlasEarth,"Perhaps this had just been better suited for someone of my tastes, but I just enjoyed this game. Simple world building through clues and figuring things out seems really cool to me and this game does plenty of that. I'm also not one of those folks who wants to rush to finish the game and instead likes to explore around, so it had not felt as short as people made it out to be. Any supposed social agenda this game had is completely overblown and I thought the whole story was sweet, despite being a bit corny.So yes, I recommend this game, even if I think that it isn't quite worth its not-on-sale price."
76561197964269276,Recommended,232430,16603856,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,POWDEREDTOASTMAN,"A charming story that does one thing and does it well.  Lke the singles cassettes found througout the house, it is to be appreciated on its own, as a brief diversion.  A little dash of honey in your ice tea."
,Recommended,232430,16606117,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sporkyy,"I play games to escape into more interesting lives. There isn't much here for me to directly relate to, but that makes it all the more in♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing to me."
,Recommended,232430,16570019,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,girlsagamer,"A short game with an interesting story. Gameplay is easy. I liked it, but it didn't blow me away. I recommend buying it on sale.EDIT: Woah, I just discovered the secret that lurks beneath the obvious ending. Definitely makes you think. If you can't figure it out, search for the explanation written on ClockworkWorlds."
76561198092065417,Recommended,232430,13765767,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,SoS (Piney),"Gone Home is a story-driven walking-simulator with okay graphics, great voice acting for the limited content, and a short story.  Gameplay time for me was 70 minutes and I explored every nook and cranny.  The story and how it unfolds is pretty nice even if one does or does not agree with the content presented.  It's not a horror game, but it does convey suspense and foreboding, making you expect the worst as you go through the house.  This is done through environment and sound (atmospheric/ambient).  It's not great, but it is good.  Worth a couple bucks."
,Recommended,232430,16543221,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,nimbyest,"Now I love this game in all of its shortness, the exploration is suprisingly good and the setting it places you in works well in messing with your expectations. I came into this game knowing already it wasn't a horror game and instead a drama about growing up but the entire game still drew me in and kept me attached to the story.However, and I do mean this in the sincerest way, this game is in no shape or form worth $20 dollars. I got it on sale for about 2.50 and while the story and gameplay is great, it is no means $20 dollars great. Just wait for a sale and know what you're getting into and don't buy it on a random binge thinking its something it isn't and you won't be posting negative review saying how the game was a waste of time."
76561198176402631,Recommended,232430,24770008,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,mcsballa8,Awesome game! Neat short story but my one complaint was the constant creepy vibe the game had. The piecing together of the story as you went along was well done and satisfying.
,Recommended,232430,8319326,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Practithulu,"2 hour game for $6 on sale. I would say that is a good price, but this is basically a good short film in game form. I dont want to be one of those people who says that a game has to have bulk, because that would have ruined this. But this cost the same as a movie."
76561197992570132,Recommended,232430,15108444,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,ff2snes,A remarkable story-telling experience.  Definitely worth a look!
,Recommended,232430,27868232,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,"Dr. Mantis Toboggan, PhD","Not particularly long, but tells an interesting story. some people get irrationally angry over this game, and i really don't get why."
76561198006610725,Not Recommended,232430,16264391,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Punkstar,"A walking Simulator with no real gameplay, it's ok but nothing special, I wouldn't recommend it for anything more than a couple of dollars."
,Recommended,232430,12183315,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,The Banchou,Ask me about my clown combos!
76561197971207471,Recommended,232430,7989662,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Korbin Dallas,Simply ART.. you owe it to yourself to try it out.
,Recommended,232430,7776928,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Existentialism&Pizza,"When i first read about this game and saw some seconds of the trailer, I had the feeling that this game was something special and unique...and I was right. Interesting, immersive storytelling, and hundreds of little details and things to find and explore.It felt a little short (finished it in 4 hours, while looking at literally almost everything and reading everything.) and I personally don't think it had a perfect ending, but that's just me...would it have been longer and there would've been even more story, this could have easily ended up as one of my favorite games (well, maybe more like ""experience"" or ""art-game"") along the lines of titles like ""Dear Esther"", which I would like to recommend everyone, who liked this game and wants a little bit more of this type of thing. :)"
76561198310283715,Recommended,232430,28765142,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,gdjsbeck,I thought it was a cool story and liked how they presented the story in the game.
,Not Recommended,232430,13595028,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Marik,"Never wrote any reviews before, but had to write one now as this game just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off that much. The story is about a high school girl falling in love with another girl, and lame drama that follows. Beat it in just over an hour. That's it, just saved you $20."
76561198141617184,Recommended,232430,16500497,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,kaskuin,"Gone Home is a very real and nostalgic story, one that I very much relate to. The beginning was a bit scary and I expected some ghost to jump at me at every corner! The build-up was exciting, so the ending fell a bit flat in my opinion - but it's still a great coming-of-age story, especially if you like small details like I do. I was impressed with how nuanced all of the characters were, if you really take the time to explore the house fully. Definitely recommended! (The game is very short, though, and I probably wouldn't have paid the full price for it.)"
,Recommended,232430,16489568,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,skeletongarden,"Definitely a story driven game - you walk throughout the house finding notes and letters that unlock clips from your ""lost"" sister.  A nice story but I'm happy that I bought it on sale instead of full price for only an hour and a half of gameplay. Good music, spooky atmosphere, and interesting narrative."
,Recommended,232430,16493897,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,[GOTR] Gargletea体験版,"It does a good job of telling the stories of multiple people at the same time, it's quite easy to follow whats going on, and there's enough foreshadowing that you kinda know whats going to happen next. Well written.That said, it's a short 3-hour walking simulator, but not very spooky. This is not a horror game, but the setting and ambience can make you feel uncomfortable. Its worth sale price if you like story games and want to be reminded of the 1990's"
76561198042706106,Recommended,232430,26074175,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,super_dingo95,An interesting narative experience told in a unconventional manner.
76561198060443008,Recommended,232430,8761592,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,WhimWalkWale | Trade.tf,"This game is fun, scares me even though it isn't supposed to and isn't very kid friendly. Lonnie and the other girl kiss and there is a note that stops halfway through which I'm kinda happy about. Otherwise it's pretty fun! I also read some of the reviews and SOME PEOPLE, not pointing any names, but SOME PEOPLE will copy other peoples REVIEWS"
76561197974085922,Recommended,232430,13871025,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Khorne,Five Stars.  Made me feel real human emotions.
,Recommended,232430,16490897,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,vexon837,"This was one of the most powerful storytelling experiences I have ever seen. Minimalistic, atmospheric, and completely and totally coherent. I found the sense of immersion to be one of the most complete I have ever seen, in any video game. It was not overly ambitious - but it did not need to be. This is more than a video game work of art. This game aches with the emotion, the real and visceral sense of life, that even much art falls short of. For me, this game set a new standard, one that I could never have expected.10/10"
,Not Recommended,232430,15994139,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,SHollern,"""Look at things"" the game is kinda boring.  i kept expecting something to happen, anything.  but nothing does.  Maybe I should just go play PT again."
,Recommended,232430,13870950,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Kelliente,"A decent, bite-sized, intimate experience. You feel like you're intruding in the personal, private lives and issues of a family. It's definitely more like a visual novel than a game, and definitely worth the experience. It starts off creepy and ends up in a very different place, and you're not alone if you cry at the end."
76561198059563285,Recommended,232430,15607103,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,The Mad Hatter,its a good game i really enjoyed the feel of it as you search the house.but i dont think its worth the amount of money cause its way to short. the game is over way to fast i say it worth £7 a best
,Recommended,232430,8315408,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,sC| Dactyl,Just have to experience it for yourself.  It was a blast playing and discovering.
,Recommended,232430,16493176,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,pepe,"Maybe not worth it full price, but for 3$ it's a 10/10.Simplistic, but very well written story. The house was a joy to explore, and it was always exciting to find new clues and letters."
,Recommended,232430,14393830,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Blox,"Note: This a purely narrative game. If you're expecting only action in your video games, you probably should look elsewhere (but you're missing out).Gone Home lets you step into the shoes of Kaitlin; she's just gotten back from abroad and shows up at her parent's house. ..Except everyone's gone. As you explore inside, you find out bits and pieces of what's happened, particularly through the notes left by your sister. It's a mystery with a deeply personal and 'at your pace' style. You won't exactly have things jumping out at you, but learning about what your family has been through since you've been away is deeply satisfying and multi-layered. Even though you play as Kaitlin, the things she learns are ultimately up to you to interpret, a quality that makes Gone Home really shine. If you're looking for one of the best narrative concepts, it's this one."
,Recommended,232430,13747471,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,sharif,"Not a game in the traditional sense, as it's more of a walking simulator. But as you explore and more of the narrative is discovered, you inevitably get sucked into a fantastic story. Absolutely worth getting, as long as you know what to expect. A personal favorite of mine."
,Recommended,232430,13773520,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Battlebear,"This game was BEAUTIFUL. The story, the art, the music, the general vibe of the whole game just chills you to the bone and warms your heart at the same time as you follow Sam and Lonny's story. 10/10 would definently recomend this to anyone who loves a good story."
76561198035865707,Recommended,232430,14394545,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Picante Dante,"This was a very cinematic game but it wasn't very exciting.  It was like reading a book.  No health, no lives, no abilities, just wondering around your house trying to figure out what's happened to your family.  The story was solid as were the vocals. As long as you walk into this game expecting more of a playable movie and less of a game then you'll enjoy yourself."
76561198103487438,Recommended,232430,8799963,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,dda98006,Awesome. A good break from the standard game.
,Recommended,232430,16557778,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,★ Guiscard,"FIrst things first: 20 bucks is way too much. Also, this is not a game. Yup, do not expect a game, do not ♥♥♥♥♥ and whine if you run through the whole house in 30 mins (in which case you have missed the point). Those issues seem to be the root of why such a beautiful narrative was slammed widely by consumers. Gone Home is a story, and it is magnificent.In this kind of narrative, atmosphere and immersion are everything. I'm happy to report the atmosphere is incredible, with great sound and visual design. While textures are not super-detailed, where it mattered they were stellar (rain flowing down windows, pale moonlight shining through curtains). Voice acting was spot on, and provided you with just enough story each time.The story itself? It's simple, and that's what I believe makes this a masterpiece. It is a simple concept,  perfectly executed. I felt some feels guys, even when I just found a story-related object lying around the house. FInding out little snippets of what are (really the quite ordinary) lives of the parents was somehow made satisfying. The story was presented to you with perfect pacing, and perfect sequencing throughout the house.Many thought this game set out to break boundaries and address controversial social issues; I disagree. I view this as a triumphant demonstration of how powerful video games can be. The story is simple, but the magical atmosphere, the perfect pacing, the teasing exposition.... that is what makes this experience (that would be ordinary in any other medium) so brilliant. That is something only video games can do."
76561197999005253,Recommended,232430,16554270,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,disqojesus,"This was unexpected, but what an experience.  The story, both narrative and pacing were spot on.  It was tender and harrowing and magnificently personal.  Something in me grew while I was playing this.I'm jealous if you're reading this review and haven't played it yet. Because you'll get to experience it for a first time and I'll never have that experience again.This one's an hidden gem."
,Recommended,232430,16562887,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,dudley,"It's not a game.It really isn't.  You might think it's an adventure game but there's 3 puzzles in the entire game and only one of them is mandatory.It's absolutely an interactive story.You get home from a year abroad to your parent's new, large and very spooky house.  Neither your parents nor your little sister are home.  By walking round the house and being nosy you spend the next 3 hours of your life discovering what happened in the last year.And it's a beautifully realised story at that.  Maybe not at the full £15, although that's comparable to a movie of similar length of course but stick it on your wishlist and wait for a daily deal if the concept seems interesting in even the tiniest way."
,Recommended,232430,16579122,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,c.dark,i loved this game! it might not be to everyones taste but im the sort of gamer that likes a really down-to-earth story and this is exactly what i got. the asmophere and creepy noises are really good and the storylines really gets you involved. however i felt the ending didnt conclude well but it was definitly worth playing
,Recommended,232430,16603542,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,MovieMuscle,"Wow, I had no idea what to expect going into this heavily-lauded 2013 indie that I happened to miss because I had a crappy computer at the time.  You enter an eerily-designed and lit house to unravel the mystery behind your family's life after you left on a lengthy European trip.  And now that you're finally home and the house is strangely empty, you begin to put the puzzle together of what happened through the clues provided by notes and other materials scattered throughout the rather sizabel house.  What the story eventually becomes is something wildly powerful, touching, and previously unexplored in videogames.  Don't expect a generic shooter or jump-scare horror game.  Expect a thought-provoking dramatic tale that explores a significant social debate of today.  Get ready to see the continuing evolution ofthe game industry's storytelling capability!"
,Recommended,232430,11538976,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,KeenDreams,"This game was so great that I bought  a JAZZ mug from the TopatoCo online store. Honestly, I absolutely love the game strictly from a nostalgia standpoint. Apparently the developers at Fullbright used a 1994 or 1995 Sears magazine as referrence. The story is pretty awesome and it's amazing what they pulled off in terms of character development simply from having you snoop around a house.I did however have no connection to the mid-20's woman I was playing as (Katie?), instead I imagined that it was myself snooping through their house. You don't really learn much about Katie other than she's returned from a trip in Europe and that she has a sister and family that's missing.The story was pretty basic and uninspiring. The protagonist's backstory does not matter and you really don't find out anything about the supposed female character you're supposed to be playing. I found this to be quite annoying, and honestly forgot who or what I was playing. I felt like a snoopy ghost. The strangest thing about this game is that the entire time I played it, I wanted to know more about the origins of the house, my uncle, my mother's affair, and my father's struggles as a writer much more than where the hell my lesbian sister went off to.In conclusion, Gone Home leans heavily on nostalgia and has heavy sentimental value and pulled at all of those dusty 90's heartstrings. Though I don't recommend it at its current price of $20+, you should maybe give it a spin when it drops to $5. Finally, the soundtrack is actually pretty nice, but I suggest you avoid playing any cassette tapes you may find lying arounf in the game."
,Recommended,232430,10929699,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Binks,"Everything about Gone Home, in my opinion, is amazing. The game provides an enrapturing narrative experience for anyone looking for a game that tells a story. It is not a long game by any means; I finished it in about two and a half hours or so. The game's atmosphere is excellent, and the story it tells is so endearing that it's hard to say anything bad about the game. I agree, though, that it was slightly frustrating that the game seemed to splinter off into a particular direction but didn't really do anything with it (avoiding spoilers), but that doesn't deter me from recommending this game to everyone. Play it. Enjoy it for what it is, don't look for it to be anything more than what the description reads."
,Recommended,232430,13602085,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,galvinford,"Gone Home is a prime example of a game that isn't a game. It is a game that raises that ""What is a game?"" question. It is a prime example of experiencing a narrative and creating it as your own. It requires full player participation to create the experience, and even though ti doesn't feature guns, explosions, or male lead character, it qualifies fully as a game. I would highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,232430,13609480,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kenny,"I wasted $4 on this.In this game you arrive at your new home after spending a year in Europe for college. When you arrive, nobody is home. You walk around the mansion, picking up letters from your sister. That's it."
,Recommended,232430,13862990,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Nik,"Falling Home has been critized for not being a ""real"" game, and perhaps it isn't. It's a story which is being told through the scope of a videogame, and for that, it deserves much praise for breaking predictable barriers and exploring uncharted territory in gaming. A good game for a rainy afternoon."
,Not Recommended,232430,15859593,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Indigo Gaming,"MINOR SPOILERS, but a WARNING to unwary players.A 2-hour bait-and-switch story. What starts out as a possibly paranormal and very interesting mystery ends up being a passive social commentary on tolerance. You have very little agency in this game and all of its events have already unfolded.After hearing rave reviews about this game, I checked it out and I have to say I'm disappointed with how deceiving the original premise is. I've never seen such a bait-and-switch story in a game in a long time."
76561198079510706,Not Recommended,232430,14289702,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,The Dilly Juice,"When I bought this game i was hoping for a horror adventure game, but insted I got a ziplock bag, filled to the brim with actual AIDs.  You come to this house with a really creepy atmosphere, and pretty decent graphics, and thats about it, the story is just a lesbian love story, that isn't even that interesting. I compare the story to fecal matter, its real stank.  But I'm not saying  didn't enjoy playing through the game, it was actually quite enjoyable, you go through the house, unlocking the mystery of where you family is gone, but only if your family was kidnapped, or murdered, but no.  BTW SPOILERS right here.  So your sister just ran off with her lesbian lover, and your parents are just at marriage counselling.  ARE YOU ♥♥♥♥ING SERIOUS, thats it, there just doing things that normal people do. but that aside, I still did enjoy interacting with the house, but it's the ending to this♥♥♥♥♥♥storm that really got me.  It has a buildup, its suspensful, everything you need for a good ending to a game.  You find out that your sister is in the attic, because her lesbian lover had to go into the military without her.  Maybe she killed her self, maybe she is gonna kill you.  OHHH I'm so excited, I have the key to the attic, i open the hatch, i go up the stairs, and what do I find, ABSOLUTELY ♥♥♥♥ING NOTHING.  No sister no nothing, just a journal entry saying that her friend left the military and they ran off together.  WHAAAAAAT< RRRRLY NOOOO, that is the actual worst ending to a video game ever, I go through this game with no challange whatsoever, with a mediocore story at best, and this is the ending.  And one other thing, at the start of the game your sister leaves you a note saying not to try and find out where she is, but yet this crazy ♥♥♥♥♥ leaves you a bread crumb trail of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and journals, saying EXACTLY where she is, what a dumb ♥♥♥♥♥. I can write a novel on this god damn game but Ill end it hear.  DON'T TRUST THE METACRITIC SCORE, IT LIES! I give this game a solid 5/10, and thats being generous.  Probably more like a 3/10 so we'll say a 4/10, yea, ♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198004927777,Not Recommended,232430,14316117,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Shade,Are you sixteen and like detective and moving stories? Then this game is definetely your choice! But it may be a little boring if you're older... and not sure it's worth its price. 7/10.
76561198085409843,Recommended,232430,13858875,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,JeffS,It's not really a game but more of a visual story viewer. The game is overrated though but I found it enjoyable.
,Recommended,232430,15329431,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Slow,"this game makes me feel sad and want 2 cry. also, kill all men."
76561198011248575,Recommended,232430,15244465,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,abz,"This is a very beautiful work of art. Very emersive and emotional. A book that comes to life. I highly recommend this if you want a break from your fast paced impersonal games. I played this right after trying Dark Souls and Shadowrun Returns (trying to clear my Steam games), and boy was I surprised. Hooked from the get go. I came in didn't know what to expect, only heard that it was short and that it wasn't a 'game'. Try it, and explore and read every single thing in the game. Brilliant!"
76561198013748959,Not Recommended,232430,16478636,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,8-Bit Lincoln,I expected ghosts. There were no ghosts.
,Recommended,232430,16478109,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,TheAbstracter,Immersive and enthralling.
76561198028524406,Recommended,232430,13713691,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Noodle,"Pros:- Beautiful story that will fill your heart- Incredible voice acting- Vivid, unforgettable charactersCons:- Note reading simulator 2013- Expensive gameOverall:Buy this game!!! (on sale)"
,Recommended,232430,551980,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,royrules22,"Don't go in expecting an amazing game play. Go in expecting to get an hour's ride of music, environment and story telling. It's amazing."
76561197967543196,Recommended,232430,12239590,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Rockovissi,"An amazing and thoughtful story told through discovery that eventually builds up to a heartfelt, fulfilling conclusion, and closure to all of your unanswered questions."
76561198022931396,Recommended,232430,10648204,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kuldiin,Draw opening simulator 2014
,Recommended,232430,10658232,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Granita,Like reading a good book. Throroughly enjoyed. Buy when on special though. Not really work $20
,Recommended,232430,10661832,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,GokuMC3,"I feel that I would have enjoyed the game more if it was less... how do you say... on-the-edge-of-your-seat-your-so-freaked-out. I didn't explore the house as much as i would have hoped to, because of the OEYSYSFO factor. it is as if fullbright wants to tell a story, but feels the need to scare you more. and for a normal price of $20, getting 2hrs of content that is very OEYSYSFO, so much so that you might not want to get that content out, it really should be $10 because it is not much content. but alas, i did enjoy the story, and feel as if the $5 purchase (twas in sale) was well worth it."
,Recommended,232430,10665667,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,halfbeast,"more of an interactive audio book than a traditional point & click adventure, but the story is well written and narrated, the way you uncover things is brilliantly done. recommended!"
76561198072454340,Recommended,232430,10665767,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,kitsune.rei,"Whether or not you enjoy this game is largely about your expectations going into the game. I had read a number of reviews before I played it, which meant I had a good idea of what I was getting into, prior to deciding to try it. Simply put, this is a first person exploration game - you arrive home after a year abroad. Your parents and sibling have disappeared and you are wandering around your empty house trying to find out what happened to them. There is no combat. Nothing is going to try to murder you (probably). You walk around and you try to figure out where your family went, based on the clues they have left all over your house. Full playtime is only about two or three hours for your first time through.If all of that is all right with you, the game provides some really excellent nostalgia for the 90s, a great atmosphere and several engaging storylines."
,Recommended,232430,10666469,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,LeBanda,"Bought the game, said i'll try it for a bit. Suddenly i lost track of time and i was indulged in this game and all its mysteries. Small puzzles scattered all over the game with this somehow creepy atmosphere and while you are solving all those puzzles you are revealing this awesome story which is i think one of its kind since i never heard about any other game talking about this topic before.Must Buy :D"
,Recommended,232430,10667383,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,JokerShep,5/5. Feels. Many feels
76561198040676898,Recommended,232430,12105661,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,oceaneyes455,"A very gripping story from the beginning, I didn't stop until I finished. If you're enticed by mysteries, you'll definitely want to give this game a go. I do agree with most of the other reviews that for such a seemingly short playthrough, the price is a little on the outrageous side. But in my case I snatched this up with interest during this past Summer sale for around $2-3 and I'm glad I did. So if you're unsure, a sale is the way to go. You won't be disappointed you did."
,Recommended,232430,12107749,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Chav Hunter,"It's interactive fiction rather than a ""game"", but it's extremely well made. Very well written, fantastic atmosphere. If you like story-driven experiences then this is a must-have."
,Recommended,232430,12108558,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Tibbsy,"This game is marvelous. Suspenseful and beautiful. I won't say too much so I can't spoil it, but really, it's amazing. Controls are easy, the scenery and atmosphere are perfect for the story - they aren't too complicated to take you away from the story, but are enough to engage and keep you focused. I wish there was a bit more to it, in the end. That the game didn't have to end, that there was more story to play. All in all, great game and I recommend it to those who want their games a bit more like a story and less like a game."
76561197972158611,Recommended,232430,12112853,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,UglyKitty,I don't think I've ever played something with a more beautifully moving or well told story than this. We have really crossed a threshold in the last few years in terms of how amazingly valid video games are as a story telling medium.
,Recommended,232430,12118977,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,The Big Kahuna,"No ghosts, ghouls, goblins or zombies. No enemies what so ever. Just story telling and exploration. Which isnt really a bad thing.  If you enjoy a good story and like searching through every nook and cranny of old mansions for clues and hidden passages, buy this game. its worth the few hours itll take you to beat it, especially if you find it on sale."
,Recommended,232430,12122862,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Authorman,"this game owns, kill all nerds."
,Recommended,232430,12169635,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,spooky,"I played it with full immersion -  on my TV past midnight, lights out and headphones on.It was really interesting to see the mansion through the protagonist's eyes - it was a rich story, very well developed. the details really made a difference as you can see 90s album covers and other objects.The story was well build as you first find out a little and as you walk around the house you discover more in a convenient chronological order. the more you explore, the more you details you find.I loved the ending. The game was suggesting one thing but thankfully i was just misreading the story.very recommended."
,Recommended,232430,12124193,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,peach time,"I really enjoyed this game and recommend it to anyone who is also a fan of story-telling through a unique interactive experience. The only thing I would say is to not buy it at full price. Personally, I don't think it's worth the $20 for a game that finishes in 1-2 hours (I took a lot of time on it simply because I like to look at and read every. little. thing). I got it for $8 on a Humble Bundle sale and think it was worth the cost.Also, this is not horror/scary, I swear. Going into the game it really seems like it's going to be scary, but there is absolutely NOTHING scary except the fact that you are in a creepy mansion. By yourself."
76561198067700333,Recommended,232430,12134037,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Gluten8or,"If you like a good story, play this game. I'd wait for it to be on sale though because it only has about an hour/hour and a half of gameplay. Still definitely worth a play though, amazing way to tell a story."
76561198093034438,Recommended,232430,12135423,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,fourFerrets,If you were in high school in the 90's you will enjoy Gone Home simply for the nostalgia.  If you aren't dead inside you'll love Gone Home for its story of a first love mixed with a healthy dose of teen angst.
,Recommended,232430,12135656,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,BoneDaddyDiesel,"Easily one of the most chilling games I've ever played. This game is living proof that you need nothing more than simply the extensive detail of music, and your environment to give you a good unsettling scare. Quite possibly the most elaborate indie game I've ever had the joy of playing. 5 out of 5 hands down."
,Recommended,232430,12193553,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,STHayden,I love this game and how small and simple it was. I wish more games were so story driven like this.
,Recommended,232430,12196133,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,bky4000,Great story!
,Recommended,232430,10736370,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Edgy McSpoon,"Gone Home is a game that makes you think, and then re-think what you've just experienced. Not many games can do that, and Fullbright shines when it comes to telling an excellent narrative. Stories told through items you find in your home often are far more intriguing and captivating than a story told linearly. It's often the times between finding objects you begin to question why, how and where are things going with the unseen characters in the story. Who are these people? What are their own stories: the ones that are being told when you read between the lines.Gone Home captures atmosphere, mood and everything that was the early 90's, a time period I look back on that was full of childhood wonder. In this game, the reason for why rooms are the way they are, some in shambles, with curiosities littered everywhere create a verbose tale of intrigue.The soundtrack in this game is incredible, the atmosphere is thick in sparseness, with subtle audio cueues and music that define the characters even more. Chris Remo's score is perfectly paired with the ambience of the house. An ambience that is befitting a rainy Friday evening.Gone Home is everything I've ever wanted in a gameand a story, as it provides an incredibly intriguing, multi-layered, multi-faceted experience. Even on the second playthrough, I look forward to the commentary tracks, and stopped to analyze more of what I had thought I'd seen.There is no other game like this one, it is an incredible experience and a work of great craftmanship. I give it my highest recommendation."
,Recommended,232430,10736576,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,sarowe24,"I don't know why so many people seem to dislike this game. As a lover of point-and-click adventures I loved it, especially the surprise ending."
,Recommended,232430,10738055,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Daburninator22,This game is incredible!  For a seemmingly simple setting it managed to elicit some really intense emotions and if you take the time to explore every nook and cranny you will be pleasantly surprised.
76561198040017124,Recommended,232430,10738101,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,TastingUrBlood,"Good story, looks great."
76561198116905190,Recommended,232430,10738332,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,DoctorRicko97,Never played a better narrative game. Ever.
,Recommended,232430,10956219,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Spriggle,"Interesting way of telling a story. The game is not very complicated or cerebral in gameplay or story. However it's elegant and surprisingly touching.Definitely worth it, if it's on sale."
76561198015075817,Recommended,232430,10964152,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,HSXP,"Gone Home is a wonderful, incredibly successful experiment in storytelling through games. If this is the direction storytelling in games is headed, games are on a wonderful path. This game is really short, so I'd say wait until a sale. I got it for $5. I wouldn't say it's worth $20. It's brilliant, though."
,Recommended,232430,10967866,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,The Resurrected,"This is the most emotional game I've ever played. Ever. I cried, and the whole game I felt for the sister. If you're a fan of narrative and sometimes like to take a break from the action, buy this game!"
,Recommended,232430,10969549,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,omega_grey,"A short but excellent experience. Gone Home is incredibly short, but any attempts to drag it out would have ruined what it was trying to accomplish."
76561197970892646,Recommended,232430,10971541,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Zabieru,Just finished Gone Home.. The feels are real. I highly recommend it! It should only take an hour or two to get through but it was definitely a unique experience well worth the praise its gotten.
76561197968092220,Recommended,232430,10972082,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Dr.Gonzo,"Superb little experience, did it all in one sitting, captivated."
76561198040895207,Recommended,232430,10972762,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,sheshie,Short and sweet.
76561198036555115,Recommended,232430,10974173,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,jonese223,This game has one of the most moving stories I have ever experienced and a beautifully designed location. It may be short but it is most defintely worthwhile.10/10. A must buy.
76561197978006392,Recommended,232430,10601445,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kitten Mittens,Beautiful Story!
76561198082277244,Recommended,232430,10650092,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Sambro56,One of the best games i have ever played....it really has changed for my life and the way i think about it...and because of it i have turned my life around. i recommend this game to everone.
,Recommended,232430,10651085,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,akuyume,"First off, at $20, this game is overpriced. But if you can get it on sale, it's an interesting diversion for a hour or two (or a little more if you want to listen to the developer commentary).  The story is fairly well done.  Exploring the old home full 90's items is a bit nostalgic at times, and the graphics and sound definitely create a good atmosphere for the game."
76561198140229093,Recommended,232430,10749650,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ปีนตึกหนียาม,"Warning: This is not a horror story. It's teen drama. As for that, it's not a bad one. Not a masterpiece as has been lauded by critics, but not atrociously bad as reviewed by most players, either. It has its touching moments. Oh, and nifty riot grrl tunes. Sometimes it strikes me as pretentious. The gameplay isn't that fun. But overall it's still good storytelling.Is it worth its full price? Definitely not. But on steep sales (75% or more), it's acceptable. The story might work better as a novel or a play, I think, but nice try nonetheless."
,Recommended,232430,10752555,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Failkills007,"This game is a very story driven game. You will not like this game if you are inpatient or like action, but what this game does have is a very good story, many nods to your child hood if you grew up in the 90s, and the atmosphere is the best I have ever felt in a game, it is very very spooky, but then brightens the moods. You never know whether or not to keep on your guard, or just enjoy the story being narrated from picking up an item of interest of your sisters child hood. Love this game, and I've only played 33 minutes of it."
76561198025114367,Recommended,232430,10917953,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,thefatgreekdude,"I bought this game a little later in its life so I was already preapred for the fact that many do not consider this a ""game.""That being said, I tuly enjoyed these few hours it took me to finish it. It is very much an interactive story and although the story may not be terribly original or mind blowing and the twist and turns may not head the direction many would think, I found my self excited to discover a new audio entry and find out what happened to my family.If you enjoy the story elements of games and won't mind gameplay elements to be lacking or essentially non-existent, this might be a good buy for you.Go into this game thinking you're going to watch a movie, take your time exploring the house, and get carried away with your imagination."
,Recommended,232430,10918088,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Orchis,Beautiful! Worth however much it may cost and the few hours you'll spend completing it.
,Recommended,232430,11513713,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,M[A]dEden,"I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥whether this truly qualifies as video game or not. If anything, it's better than a game."
,Recommended,232430,16803804,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,▪Crocoˆ,At first i was like OoOoO spook! but then i found out i was lezban and was a good game.
76561198014931005,Recommended,232430,10952644,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Puzzlebox,"A great short point-and-click exploration game.  The level of detail in the house is incredible, and the story, while simple, is a very emotional one.10/10"
76561197970544327,Recommended,232430,16769949,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,RadH77,interesting story.. very little replayability
,Recommended,232430,16770283,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,starrapter,What an absolute surprise this game was to me. It was an experience in gaming unlike I've ever had before. I liked how it was all about exploring the past of a family. The mystery of it all slowly unraveling as you proceed through the various rooms. The amount of interaction that you had with the world was impressive. The story also hit me hard. You could feel the emotion through the journals!
76561198144045088,Recommended,232430,16771284,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,.:Atlas:.,Make a 2nd game but  before this happend
,Recommended,232430,16771618,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Kongaii,It's a small experience but worth it.
76561198045212108,Not Recommended,232430,16986289,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Broseiden,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS IT IS UNDER 5 DOLLARS. POOP.
,Not Recommended,232430,16934198,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,SpyWhoFraggedMe,"I wanted to like this game - but I didn't :(I found the puzzles in this game weren't clear to the next step.  Yes, the story unfolds slowly and you do start getting an understanding of what happened.  Story-telling aside, the game's progression is a continual shot in the dark.  The beginning of the game gives you hints as you progress, but those hints hault and you are left to google FAQs online to try and progress.Sadly - the game stopped being fun when I had to consistently google to find out my next steps.  For that - I just can't recommend this title :("
76561197960359959,Not Recommended,232430,16942653,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Kyynel,I feel cheated :O
76561198140421032,Not Recommended,232430,16967143,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,somebody,"While I do like this game and think that it has an excellent story this game isn't worth it money. The game is extremely short, about 2 hours long depending on how fast you progress, and with very little replay value your basically paying $20 for 2 hours of walking and reading that you will probably only do once. Great story, but unless you can find this game at a cheaper price i wouldn't recommend it."
76561198102163787,Not Recommended,232430,16968970,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,MainCore,You cannot move the window because the game closes itself up. Using Debian Linux.
,Not Recommended,232430,16969049,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,johnanderson,"Um, interesting, but way too slow moving.  I love ""walking simulators"", even though I've not heard that term since I first played The 7th Guest.If it's on sale for under $4.00, it's worth it.  Otherwise, buy Life Is Strange instead."
76561198005160344,Recommended,232430,17008337,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,sheab17,"This game is special. It's best to go in blind--knowing only that this is a short, narrative-driven game that requires you to explore carefully and read lots of text fragments in order to put together the full intricacies of the story.I'm glad I got it on sale, as the full price does seem a bit steep. And yet the game is so special that I would have to recommend it, even at full price."
,Recommended,232430,12390984,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,[EH] Kodiak,"This was a nice game with a horror twist, that is only in the players mind. One play through is enough for the story"
,Recommended,232430,12391139,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Cybertism,"I really enjoyed playing this game, it was a fun exploring the house. I thought throughout the game that something would appear or make me jump - this was not the case... However i was on the edge of my seat throughout playing the game as the story and setting came alive as i explored. The story is interesting and i really enjoyed playing.Best moment(s) in the game:1). finding a dirty letter from SAM, got half way through the juicy section and the character put the note down..2). finding dad's porn stash.3). listening to the music tapes as i explore the rooms."
76561197993462097,Recommended,232430,10642833,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,disziplin,"I really enjoyed this game.  It is about 90% story, and 10% game play, but it was a great change of pace for me and was fun to lose myself inside this world, however briefly."
,Recommended,232430,10643123,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tay,"A great story of a person finding who they are, what and who makes them happy, and what they need to overcome and lose in order to be themselves. Highly recommended."
76561198026268764,Recommended,232430,10935688,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,johan,In two words: Play it!It is every bit as good as the reviews promise. A truly remarkable game and a experience.
,Recommended,232430,10938781,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TheDrunkenBear,Ellen page the game. (Also a good game for speedrunners)
,Recommended,232430,10939245,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Penis Stapler,it was a good. worth 5 dollar on sale
,Recommended,232430,10941155,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bl0oDy,"This game... No wait, this piece of art is simply mindblowing. Played it threw in one run because i couldn't get myself to stop experiencing this masterpiece. Sure you might call it short or easy, but that doesnt effect the result. For me its a 9.5/10.Would and will play (experience) again."
76561197970515212,Recommended,232430,11383038,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,faakyr,This is one game that I think would benefit from buying extra copies and gifting it to people who whine about it being not worth it.  Once you experience it then you will see why it's so good.  For me it was paced well.  I was looking everywhere for journals and stuff.  There is a constant storm going on that lends to the atmoshere with the house creaking and occasional music to compliment it.  Listening to the cassette tapes while reading the journals gives you a sense that we all had growing up trying to figure everything out.  With her voice acting the journals they give it that emotional weight and help illustrate her growing feelings and how she is dealing with them.  It's all about searching for clues for what happened to her.  Looking through each room as you progress through is very satisfying if you read and listen to everything.  Definetly a headphones kind of game.  You find keys and combinations to cabinets and lockers but it's never really to difficult.  I like this because the story and atmosphere are front and center here and having it be to hard would take away from it I think.  After all of the journals and newspaper clippings and receipts etc.  In around 2 hours I think.  Not sure I was to into the game to be timing myself.  It unfolds an ending that leaves no loose ends and made it a very well spent couple hours or so.
,Recommended,232430,11388994,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,BINGEBOY,"SCary, i think it was aliens."
,Recommended,232430,11393009,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,plumpysparrow,"I enjoy games where I can explore and really look at everything. This one both allowed and encouraged me to do that, all with a sense of urgency to find out exactly what happened before I got there. While it was a little short, I still got about three-four hours out of it because a. my computer overheated and I lost substantial progress, and b. I REALLY like to look at things. I enjoyed this game greatly due to the creep factor and the guesses as to what was going on. I liked stepping into Katie's shoes and learning about the secrets of her family with her. Great game. I got it as part of the Steam Summer Sale, so I doubt I'd pay $20 for it, even now that I've beaten it, but for $5, it was worth the time and money spent. :)"
,Recommended,232430,11395046,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,holelife,"This is a short narrative driven exerience that these days is more unusual than it should perhaps be. Part love affair to the 90s, part unexpected emotional story, there's much I found to like here once I got invested in the characters, which is itself impressive considering the game is devoid of any direct interaction. It didn't take long to finish (it was as long as it needed to be, any longer might have dragged and considering you never leave the confines of a single house, longer than you'd think) but was certainly worth completing."
,Recommended,232430,11397754,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,ingamerebrith,"OSCAR?You come home from a year abroad, only to find an empty house. Where did everyone go?Gone Home is the coolest point and click exploration title I have ever played. It is a short experience (under 2 hours) but will leave you guessing right until the end. Putting two and two together from scraps of a families life to come to the conclusion of the story is immensely satisfying. The game is rich in detail, so you can Sherlock Holmes for as long as you want to follow the colourful stories of a family. The atmosphere is at times touching and creepy,  but only serves to glue you to your computer for the entire experience. So much fun, and so worth your time."
,Recommended,232430,11487863,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Alturrang,Love this game so much. So good.
,Recommended,232430,11496289,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,willa61,"I bought this during the summer sale, and I absolutely love it and have played through it multiple times* because I like the story and how it is presented. There are several intertwined storylines to discover, some of which you will likely encounter in a semi-linear way, some of which you will have to sort of piece together as you find bits of clues in the wrong order, and some of which you may actually miss the first time playing through. It also does a good job of making the house creepy and the sheer amount of objects to interact with makes it feel more authentic. It's very detailed, too. For instance, there are no devices missing cords that should have them. No ""battery operated lamps"" if you will, and a lot of details in the objects, beyond the more narrative stuff, to expand your sense of who the characters are.  I also like that this is cross platform.  I dislike Windows and prefer to use Linux wherever possible.  Seeing games that are supported for my OS is cool.  I know that some people are complaining about the length of this game (about 2 hrs average playthrough) but frankly, that's the price of interesting indie games.  You're talking about small teams that simply don't have a lot of resources.  Want 40 hour games padded with artificial difficulty that could have taken half as long if only the good parts were kept?  Buy something conventional from a well-known publisher.  If you want to have interesting new experiences that an established publisher would find too risky, buy something like this and try not to worry so much about the length.  I highly recommend this game.*though not quiiiite as many times as my hours on record suggest. I think I left it running one time"
76561197995630147,Recommended,232430,11497893,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Kruge,"Gaaaaaay and so cute. The plot was well executed and it even had background to the family and the present. If anything, it did make me look back on my childhood and relate to some things. A good play and story, give it a try."
,Recommended,232430,11506408,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,#StalkedByAnimeNazis,look at them two dykes
76561197970366919,Recommended,232430,11563294,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,escobilla_del_water,"Its a Graphic novel that give you the oportunity to explore it at your own pace, with a good atmosphere and good acting voices,   just dont expect anything beyond good narration, walking around discovering things (few) and advancing in the plot. The bad side of this is his completion time, as you can see its only costs 3 hours to end it and the final its a little bit... unfinished. 6/10"
,Recommended,232430,11573884,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,TheOnlyKiwi,I really enjoy games where you can just walk around and explore so I picked this up for like $5 during the winter sale and quite enjoyed it. This is pretty much a 3D point and click game. I recommend this game IF it is on sale. While I quite enjoyed this it is not worth $20.
76561198075564797,Recommended,232430,11582471,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Imakittyrawr,This was more than just a game.  It was an immersive story that brought me to many emotions.  I recommend using headphones while playing.  Very engaging!
76561198052675104,Recommended,232430,11582501,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,sin_sear777,An excellent game that does a wonderful job of telling its story. I highly enjoyed my time playing
76561197985067329,Recommended,232430,10942646,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TheRasp,"At the sale price of 4.99 this game was an enjoyable experience. The storyline was well thought out and mechanics are excellent. However, I couldn't recommend that anyone pays the full price of 19.99. There is simply not enough game and little to no replay value."
,Recommended,232430,10984389,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,shhhh,"I wouldn't recommend Gone Home to every one, but if you're a fan of walking simulators, enjoy an adorable story once in a while and like your video games atmospheric, then I'd recommend it to you.That being said, it's still a short game. I bought it at a discount, and if there's not currently a sale going on, I'd say wait a little. 20 euros is a bit pricey for 2 - 3 hours of content in my opinion, but if you can spare it, go ahead."
76561198004448686,Recommended,232430,10984890,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,DynamoKev08,"I must admit i did enjoy this game and the story and exploration.... You must take your time and read everything, the plot is deeper than you think..... It is a bit pricey but alot of work has gone into this game so we cant complain.... Enjoy"
76561198002456335,Recommended,232430,10984929,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,mtw83,This is a fairly simple to follow plot that challenges the idea of what a game is. Think of it as an interactive story and you won't be far off.
,Recommended,232430,10984991,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,✢ // brox,"Absolutely BRILLIANT! I haven't seen this good of a story since Bioshock Infinite. Crisp, engrossing atmosphere topped with an insane amount of character and map depth. Short, but absolutely worth the money. 10/10"
76561198030397304,Recommended,232430,10986397,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Steve Albini's Glasses,A rrrriot!
,Recommended,232430,10986600,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,King Flippy Nips,"I didn't really know what to expect from this game. I thought it would be a puzzle oriented game(because I didn't read the game's description) but was wrong. It's more of an interactive story. It only took me about 1.7 hours to complete, so it is very short. I wouldn't have paid $20 for this, but I think it was than worth the $5 or so I paid for it last night. Over all I really enjoyed this game, but would not recommend someone pay $20 for it."
76561198066628711,Recommended,232430,10987389,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,FrellMeDead,"I loved this game, but it is very hard to recommend to others. Mostly because there are many people who would not call this a ""game"". You could call it an ""interactive story"", but there are at least some small puzzles, and you will need to flex your exploration skills. I would suggest picking this one up on a Steam sale, beacuse this is a very short game, with little to no replayability."
,Recommended,232430,10987755,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Ju-Ju Fish,"This is a game unlike any other.  It will only take maybe two hours to finish, but it pulls you into the story and really makes you care about the characters.  There is also a certain level of mystery about it that keeps you wondering even after the game is over."
,Recommended,232430,10993423,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,SkaDan,"Great story, and great story telling!"
,Recommended,232430,10994735,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,The Goose,"This is a very different type of gaming. It's all about self discovery with a creepy yet nostalgic atmosphere as a backdrop. It is a game that is insightful, emotional and voyeuristic. Even though the game is very short, it is one that makes you think about it for some time afterwards. I see it appealing to those who enjoy great character contrast and gameplay almost as an experimental art. You unravel the characters backstories and your willingness to find clues is their arch. The build up in the game is masterfully done with great narration. Also, the music is pretty wonderful. Pick it up during a Steam sale."
76561197966373658,Recommended,232430,10995115,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ootini,"This is a difficult game to review and recommend to anyone else without ruining the experience. The only thing you should know about this game is from playing it yourself, so immerse yourself in the time, story and the character you are given to play, and enjoy the ride. If you are lucky enough to have not read anything else about this game then stop here, buy it, and enjoy being allowed to play it before you learn too much. If it appeals to you at all, Gone Home is a unique experience you must get while you still can."
76561198001462084,Recommended,232430,10996759,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Kataphrut,"This is a game that everyone should try. It has a strong, solitary atmosphere, well-realised characters and does a good job of telling a story through the environment. It is quite short (I finished it in just over an hour), so if vlaue for money is an issue, maybe wait for a sale.The plot is somehwat predictable; you'll probably figure out the mid-game twist fairly quickly, and once you do, there won't be much left to surprise. However, there is a lot of great background details that are easy to miss and shed new light on characters you might have otherwise thought were unimportant. If nothing else, it's nice to see a game dealing with subject matter that many are still afraid to deal with."
76561198097644056,Recommended,232430,10996886,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Laurenn,"I should firstly start with the fact that it is not worth full price at £14.99 due to it being such a sort game, however:It's such a cute and beauitful game with an intriguing storyline. I bought it when it came into the steam sale at £3.75 and I'm glad I did. Mostly an exploring game of this new house you've arrived home to where you look through draws, discover hidden passages and find keys for locked rooms etc.I would love to live in the house of this game!A good play which won't take you long to complete but never expected the storyline. I actually thought there would be a horror element to it, turns out I was wrong.My advice: Buy it but when it comes into the steam sale"
76561198018279142,Recommended,232430,10998003,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,JessBags,"Gone Home is less of a game and more of an interactive story. You come back home from your year long trip to Europe only to find your parents and your sister gone. As you explore the house you find clues as to where they are along with journal entries from your sister describing her experience with the house.The game has a creepy tone, but it's just that, creepy. Nothing ever comes out to get you, but you do hear your fair share of creeks and knocks.The story (accompanied by surprisingly good voice acting) is engaging and enjoyable. At times it is angst ridden, but having been a teenager before I could relate.Even though there are exact duplicates for a LOT of items, it's still cool that you can interact with everything from a pen to each individual drawer in the refrigerator. Most of the items don't offer any significane to the story, but that didn't stop me from picking up a bunch of them and flipping them around looking for some secret note or easter egg.Clocking in at around two hours, Gone Home is one of those you should keep an eye on during a sale. I paid a couple bucks for it and I don't regret it at all, but I would have probably been disappointed if I spent the full retail price. Overall it's a very atmospheric game that you will probably beat in one playthrough because you just want to see what's behind that door at the end of the hall."
76561198033890821,Recommended,232430,11369280,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Just Looking for My Senpai,"I wish there was a middle button. To be honest I would do both. There's very few people I would recommend this game too, but I would still recommend it to some. It is an interesting game that has an interesting story. It has you being led on something is going to pop out of nowhere but it doesn't happen which is nice. The game tells its story well and you are the medium through which the story is being told. You find notes and pictures and there are some that further the story and some that give you insight and lore as to what is going on in the household.After beating the game I really didn't know what to think. It was both good and bad. Like, I didn't feel jipped by the ending but I wasn't happy with it either. I felt like there were a few loose ends but they were only minor and didn't effect the story it was telling.All in all, I would say that this was an ok game. If you are expecting horror, action, or anything other than storytelling, I would suggest that you don't play this game for the sheer fact you will be disappointed. BUT if you like a game that has a decent story and some exploration of a big, spooky, empty house then go for it!"
76561198013805569,Recommended,232430,11369332,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Jeannie (Babiekins),Fun!
76561198049014732,Recommended,232430,11371471,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Bri Bri,"I played this game with absolutely no idea what to expect. I assumed my friend had sent me a creepy horror game, and the atmosphere of the house kept my on edge through the entire experience...until I reached the end and picked up the final journal and everything was suddenly solved. This game took be by surprise, and I adored it."
76561198028077955,Recommended,232430,11373528,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Death58,"There are few games that have left an emotional resonance on me quite like this title.Some of it could stem from simple nostalgia. You see, I'm a 90's kid.  Everything in this game is chalked full of little details that you would find inside of a house from the time.  The cassette players, the emphasis on 'zines, the grunge rock, and even something as simple as an answering machine (an oddly outdated instrument with the advent of cellular phones).  My childhood is here amongst the polygonal walls of this home.The game itself is simple enough.  You walk around the house, read pieces of information, listen to the diaries of your sister, find ways to open up new sections of the house.  In other words, if you're looking for an intense challenge, you won't find that here.  What you will find is a game that has a heart to it.  It's a very human story about love, loss, and growing up.This was my favorite title of 2013, and I still have yet to find a game that appeals to my artistic sensibilities in such a meaninglful way.  Do yourself a favor and pick this up if you haven't done so already."
,Recommended,232430,11377301,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Wetnosaur,I had a good time with this 'game'.It's more of a story walkthrough with a couple small puzzles.  I wouldn't call it a full-on walking sim.Pretty short.  Left me wanting more at the end.Atmosphere is nice along with the sound.  two things I personally see critical with most games.It was on sale for the Summer at around $5. Pick it up the next time there's a sale.  I'd say $5 is good for a game like this. Not due to quality reasons but for the length of the game.
,Recommended,232430,11836305,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Swish041,"I really enjoy this game and it tells a great story. As someone growing up around this same time period, the game's soundtrack was very well done, and along with the many pop culture references, old magazine covers, and show posters it really gives a nice nostalgic feeling of the 90s. Even though there are no enemies in the game and no way to possibly lose, the atmosphere is still kind of creepy. It's a short story, but if you really take the time to explore and read everything, you'll be busy at least a few hours. I found myself giving it a second playthrough on a rainy night a couple days ago and caught a few references that I missed the first time. I still find myself thinking about the characters and what happened to them after the events of the story. I don't think it's worth 19.99, I got it on sale and I wouldn't recommend buying it unless you can get it for less than $9.99. It's just a really beautiful story about love and changes moreso than an actual ""game"" and obviously that's not for everyone. My advice is to approach it like a story, relax, take your time, don't rush, and carefully read and explore everything and everywhere. I'm very interested to see what Fullbright does next. L+S"
,Recommended,232430,10823522,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Random,Wow
76561198067865984,Recommended,232430,10823831,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kamb,"You should probably wait for a sale, but when there is one, you should get this game. That's all I'm saying. You get to figure out the rest for yourself."
76561198069298268,Recommended,232430,10824045,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,W1TCH,"This is my first steam review ever and im writing to quell the hate that this game is experiencing on the reviews here.Gone Home is a beautifully crafted story, that quite literally brought tears to my eyes. While yes i cant quite justify $20 for this 2 hourish long game i can say that it was money well spent. This isnt so much a game as it is a controllable novel, and that may not be okay with everyone i think its the new way games are moving to tell stories and it works. This game reminded alot of the stanely parable which also was more a player controlled story then it was a game. Gone Home on the other hand is a mystery that plays out at a perfect pace as you explore you familys mansion as you try to figure out what has happened to them. I will remember this game fondly and show many people it beauty 10/10"
76561198041518970,Recommended,232430,10824049,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,mgprkr,"Great atmospheric story ""game"" (very loosely used here).  Quite short maybe 2 hours if you explore a lot but the story is worth it just to dig around in the lives of this family. Plus its 1995! See cool things like cassette tapes, VHS tapes, and what looked like a trapper keeper. Pick it up when on sale though."
76561198126183652,Recommended,232430,10824148,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Youngster Paul,"This is one of the best games I have had the experience to play. There is a connection with Katie/Sam that really draws you into the game. Best game I've played since The Last of Us.10/10 would look through every drawer, and overturn every pen again."
76561198007332601,Recommended,232430,10824160,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Telpar,Quite an experience....
76561197998633932,Recommended,232430,10824287,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mentalcase,"I loved this game, but it is not for everyone. This is an exploration game. You walk around and find things to reveal more of the story/sidestory. Many people felt robbed at the end (I can see why they felt that way), but I was actually quite satisfied. Honestly, I've paid way more for a movie that is much shorter and that I have enjoyed far less. So as far as games go, it may feel a little lacking, but I was more entertained and engaged than if I would have watched a $2.99 movie for 2.5 hours. So please, think of this in a broader sense for entertainment and buy this on a steam sale. Yes, some of you will be disappointed in the ending, but many of us have spent $60 on a major video game, spent countless hours on it, and been completely disappointed in the ending. Give this game a chance.There are a couple of things that I dislike about the game:I would highly recommend waiting to buy this game until it is on sale. I beat the game in under 3 hours and feel like I looked at almost everything.There are things that I wish had been developed/explored more in the sidestories. Maybe a sequel is in order.There is basically zero replayability (except until it's been so long that you forgot the story)."
,Recommended,232430,10824392,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,K.Joey,"Gone Home is more of an interactive mystery story rather than a ""game,"" and although it ended too quickly for me I see A LOT of potential for this kind of interactive storytelling. All of the details found while you explore the house really help to reinforce the mood of the narrative being told and really engages you in the story that unfolds."
,Recommended,232430,11561996,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,lokito1976,"Completely immersive.  Gone Home has a moving narrative that blooms as you play, really making this a unique and powerful experience."
,Recommended,232430,12137857,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,傘,"Firstly, this is more of an interactive story than a point-and-click adventure. Also, despite its looks, it's not a horror game either. Neither of these are bad things in my book. The game is more centred around discoverng a narrative of the player's sister, and other miscellaneous information about the family.There is a large focus on looking through anything you can open, and reading anything you possibly can. Some of these will have a voice-over to go with it, which can seem out-of-place to begin with, but will make more sense in time.Areas are also blocked off to begin with, and can only be accessed through backtracking and discovering keys to unlock doors. While this can be frustrating at times, it's an understandably necessary game device to use in order to guide the narrative in the proper order.I completed this game in a little under two hours over the space of two days, and I found myself drawn to this small, enclosed story world when away from the game. For it to stick with me even outside my play time speaks for some well-crafted story-telling. The additional information and minor storylines for the other family members makes the game setting more believable - the house is populated by real people, with real personalities, instead of place-holders. Everyone has their own life stories, and as one of the daughters in this family, you gain a candid look into that of each family member.In terms of value for money, I picked this up for ~$3 during a Steam sale, and I am quite pleased with what I received for that amount. While I would say it's worth maybe $10 for the engaging story, the length and format the game takes doesn't lend itself to a $20 price tag.While this game may not appeal to everyone, I believe it is worth picking up during a sale if you enjoy a more story-driven exploration game."
,Recommended,232430,12144320,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Curdle_Sanders,"A touching and gripping story about people, their lives, and their secrets. Never have a felt so involved with a stories characters that I've never actually met. It's worth a playthough.I went into it cold and didn't know anything about the game. I will say if you have issues with Same Sex Attraction this might not be the game for you."
76561197969579070,Recommended,232430,12146448,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Crovax,If you're looking for a change of pace from shooters and want a first-person based game that focuses more on story (and also comes with some scary moments) then get this game. I wasn't sure where it was going at first but it continually surprised me. I also didn't feel like the game dragged on too long.-Great pacing-Great story-Likable characters-Enjoyable exploration-Awesome 90s nostalgia
,Recommended,232430,12245574,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Dan Atkinson,"My word, this game is amazing! Full of little easter eggs, I was pleasantly surprised at the relaxed but immersive gameplay."
,Recommended,232430,12252000,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Willowbirch,Literally the first game to have me in tears.
76561198067630938,Recommended,232430,12252741,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Goomba,I played the entirety of Gone Home and found it to be a wonderful game. While at first it seems to follow a scary story premise it is actually a very touching tale that I won't spoil for those who haven't played it. Although the game is absolutely brilliant in every way it is however not worth the asking price. If you happen to catch it on sale get it for sure but if not just wait until it is.TLDR: Super awesome game. Touching story. Don't buy full price. Wait till a sale and definitely purchase.
76561197964960171,Recommended,232430,10645233,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,PrizeFighter23,"One of the best gaming experiences I've ever had.  This is a prime example of how effective this medium can be for establishing a strong narrative, and delivering a powerful story.I would strongly recommend this game to anyone who loves good character writing, progression-driven stories, and explorative gameplay.However, if you want to shoot things, solve puzzles, etc, then this is not the game for you."
,Recommended,232430,10646132,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,BWchief117,"This is an exploration game, driven by story. I won't say more, except that if you enjoy a good story, you absolutely WILL enjoy this. The game can be finished start to end in a single sitting (it took me exactly 2 hours). Playing in a dark room, all alone, can help with ambiance, to really immersive yourself into the game and get the most out of it. Bang-for-your buck, this is one of those games that might not look good on paper (so wating for sales is a good plan), but it's also one of those stories that you'd be willing to pay extra for had you know before what you were getting."
,Recommended,232430,10646969,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Korytney Barnett,"On June 7, 1995, Kaitlin Greenbriar returns home -- but not a home she's ever lived in before.  Over the course of two hours, this short game allows the player to unravel the story of what has transpired in their character's year-long absence.   It's an exploration in how the medium of video games can tell an emotional and authentic human story through immersion and adventure.Get it and play it."
,Recommended,232430,10647081,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ChromeCrash,"This is not a game in the traditional sense. There is no obvious goal, there is no antagonist, there is a house, and a diary. The point of Gone Home isn't to challenge any skills that you have built up, it's not meant to scare you either. The point of Gone Home is for you to feel and experience a story. I am going to try to avoid as many spoilers as possible in this review, because I feel that it is best experienced in its entirety in one sitting if at all possible.Gameplayto be honest there is very little gameplay to be had, I would even go as far as to call it an interactive movie. One thing I noticed is that it does a really good job of subtly leading you to each key plot point in order. It kinda felt like they knew where to put the plot elements for someone who systematically checks every room in a game.AtmosphereAtmosphere is where this game really shines. The house you're exploring is  well constructed, and feels like a place that exists. The placement of items is well thought out. There wasn't a single item that took me out of the game.[h1Final thoughts[/h1]Very worth playing, I can't really express my feelings about the story without giving anything away, so I'm just going to say play it, and do so with no expectations going in. I really enjoyed the entire production, and feel it is totally worth the money I paid for it.well that was a lot of word that really say nothing..."
,Recommended,232430,10648019,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Rorschach,Great story.
76561198007205207,Recommended,232430,11335925,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Parsifal,"Not everyone's cup of tea but highly recommend the experience - especially if purchased for under $10.Quite possibly one of the best examples of immersive art in the gaming media I can think of. Undoubtedly the story won't be for everyone, and some folks likely just aren't wired to enjoy this - all 'art' is subjective. Short enough to avoid feeling overly 'gimmicked' into staying on the rails for the story to unfold, captivating enough to keep you interested in the story the entire time and build a familiarity with the characters, and original enough that you likely won't go into it already having an idea of what is about to unfold unless you have read or watched too many reviews with spoilers."
,Recommended,232430,11336700,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,LEONIDAS,"A very beautiful and exciting history. Very good characters, great storytelling, excellent atmosphere, and for my part I think the game mechanisms are best for this genre. My personal rate 9.5 out of 10"
,Recommended,232430,11337099,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,spidermonkey34,Loved it! Real creepy feeling the whole time.
,Recommended,232430,11337399,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,UberSwish,"Watch no trailers or videos, read no reviews.  Simply purchase, play, and be rewarded."
,Recommended,232430,11337417,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Asmodean Kane,"Liked:Atmosphere and SettingExploring the houseReading letters and listening to tapesDisliked:Storyline, didn't do anything for me.Vertict: 3 or 5"
,Recommended,232430,11341185,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,"Hey,THats PrEEty Good.EXE",well writen indie exploration thats a tear jerker
,Recommended,232430,11341928,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,McButterFace,Wasn't what I expected. 8/10 though I would not play the mixtapes again.
76561198144366808,Recommended,232430,11347917,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,mellowyellow52,Interesting game with an awesome soundtrack. Controls are easy to use and graphics are decent. What I really like about this game is the openess of it. Being able to look at everything and touch everything really makes it fun. Though the price is a little high for the game I'd still recommend it. Its an interesting story and deserves the time.
,Recommended,232430,11352030,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Ketrina1211,"This is one of those games that I had in my inventory, but I never really installed it. After about a year though, I bit the bullet and played it on my day off. I am mad at myself for not playing this sooner! Wonderful atmosphere, great story, and music that took me back to my high school days. I recommend this game to anyone that loves a great story."
76561198021163116,Recommended,232430,11352036,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,mpj,"Wow, there is a weird amount of hate going on about this game. It's a fine game.It's an interactive story in the vein of Dear Esther, but with a bit more traditional and nice storyline. It's not going to turn your life around, but it's interesting to follow, you feel for the characters, and it was a nice change from the traditional games around."
76561198013816985,Recommended,232430,11355005,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,ecclecticfool,This game was one of the best experiences that I have ever had.  So many damn tears.
,Recommended,232430,11356895,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Proto,"Great story, little misleading early on in order to drive suspense and tension so that's alright. I really enjoyed this game."
76561198032741652,Recommended,232430,11359570,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,jacobjj18,"A coming of age story in a big creepy house, where the human heart takes a toll with alot of nosey reading and jammin cassette tapes."
76561198040990270,Recommended,232430,11362688,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Wizard Reagan,This was an emotional game that makes you draw your own conclusions based on what you find. I really loved the narrative and its development as you explore the character's mysterious home.
,Recommended,232430,11472317,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,k0TZIE^ www.vivo.com.br,"A truly amazing experience.. It don't last too long, but I promise that you'll think about it more than playing it.."
76561198067267833,Recommended,232430,11472356,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Gueve,"An absolute and utter piece of art, few games are as immersive as this. If you are looking for a very attractive way of storytelling, don´t mind putting the pieces together and have a little voyeur in you, this is the game you've been waiting for."
,Recommended,232430,11474212,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,ShyPantelones,"You walk through this house for a bit clicking on everything that looks pretty like a child in a candy store until the plot reveals itself in delusional bouts of imagined speeches from your sister who has run away with her girlfriend. All in all the running around clicking madly had a great feel of exploration and imagination, especially when you get to find that there is more to this house than meets the eye, and there are even delightful subplots about your parents and the house history. However, I feel that after all this delight the game left me like a mugger, beating me emotionally with a heartfelt hour long dialogue and then running away in the night with my $15.00. Fifteen dollars for a whole bloody hour of gameplay? I almost expected there to be a cutscene or a second level of exploration or hell another whole house like a guest cabin out back for more story and delight. But no, the game came and went faster than a bad decision at a late night bar and I only recommend to get this game if you can grab it for less than $10 because it's a beautifully crafted game don't get me wrong but for $15 dollars I could hire myself a cheap ♥♥♥♥♥ for an hour, or 15 really cheap ♥♥♥♥♥s for an hour."
76561197967878100,Recommended,232430,11481221,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,,"It was short, but very sweet and emotional."
,Recommended,232430,11487115,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,-=KiY=- Night Night Roulette,"I know my review states that I recommend this game, hear me out though. If you've already watched lets plays of this game, or have seen or read heavily spolier reviews for this title I suggest that you don't waste your time and move on.What we have here is (and I will say this to start out and make everyone who hates this title feel better) not a game. Now technically one can argue that this is a game, It has programming (even though it's just basic movement and Amnesia like movement with some items part of the time) and it's in a setting unfamiliar to some (Some people have grown up in the 90's others unfortunately didn't so the setting could possibly be new to them).However, Gone Home is simply not a game because it fails at what makes a game ""a game"" and that's to have fun with it (Because that's what a game is made for right? To have a fun and interactive experience you can't normally have in your day to day life?). Unless you're like me who trys to make his own fun in games that generally don't allow as much flexibility as you hope for, You're not gonna have that kinda 'fun experience' every 'real' game offers nowadays.To put it in simple terms though since I'm sure you're pretty bored and somewhat confused by my god awful writing skills I'll now explain 'why' I would recommend this to some people. Gone Home isn't a game, it's an experience, and it's an experience I'd recommend to anyone that hasn't already ruined the story for themselves.This game seriously isn't worth 20 dollars though, and I suggest waiting for a price drop or sale if anyone is interested."
,Recommended,232430,11487464,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Bawstin,"I was very impressed by this game. I didn't expect much when it was given to me, but after hearing some good things I tried it out. It is pretty fun. The controls are a little annoying because they seem a little slow paced, but you are playing a 20 year old girl, so you shouldn't be running around like Master Chief.FYI, I play most games with a controller because mouse + keyboard makes my fingertips go numb.10/10"
76561198055117240,Recommended,232430,11537090,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Quinn,"This game was a fun journey, especially for someone like me who grew up in the 90's. It certainly isn't everyones cup of tea--(spoiler?) there aren't any boogeyman you need to gut with the kitchen knife. There is just a great story and this house to explore. Most everything can be interacted with, which I found quite fun!In the beginning of the game I was scared (I'll admit it); I didn't know what to expect and the atmosphere is creepy.But, as I explored I got used to the creaks and moans of the old house.It really did start to feel like home =).Also, voice acting was done really well in my opinion."
76561198074757492,Recommended,232430,11538192,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,dooover,"Highly recommended. I've been getting increasingly bored with the whole concept of games lately, but this game managed to be both innovative and affecting. Play it."
,Recommended,232430,11540627,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,brandon.tod97,just finished playing the game. i loved it. the story is great and it is really kind of touching. the voice acting was very nice and i thought the game overall was well thought out.
76561198024962137,Recommended,232430,11543004,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,jtg13,"You play as college student returning from a trip abroad who is left to piece together her family's recent history by exploring their new home and its artifacts. The meticulously crafted environments do a great job of creating an authentic, lived-in house. The members of the family are interesting and nuanced. The story is genuine and heart-felt. The voice acting is exceptional.The game is not long(2-3 hours) or full of traditional video game action, some might go as far as not calling it a game at all, but it is an incredibly immersive and original narrative experience that I enjoyed all the way through."
,Recommended,232430,11547242,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Kommy,"There's something to be said when you're dropped into a game where you're exploring an empty (or is it...) house. From the first piece of the puzzle to its conclusion, Gome Home strings you along in a narrative that's both heartwarming and nostalgic of those teenage years.The atmosphere is well crafted and the mellow music chimes in perfectly as a reward for finding a key item, or discovering a new location.Definately one to play when you want to discover a story of self discovery, family, and YOLOing life.It's more meaningful than shooting random players in the face, like 90% of my game collection.Have fun"
,Recommended,232430,11554356,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Ripshaft,"Meh. S'okay.Tells a nice little story but the storytelling method is completely contrived, which is a bummer.The short form is that there was zero reason for the investigation process other than to provide gameplay, there is no concievable reality in which the layout of notes and exerpts in the house makes any sense.But whatev, if you're looking for a quick little story and a compelling enough environment to see you through, it's definately worth your time, and probably your money.Hopefully it inspires more audacious games of  this nature in the future."
,Recommended,232430,11557402,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Evil-Lane,"If you're not big on story-driven games or lots of reading, this isn't for you. This game always keeps you on the edge of your comfort zone as you really don't know what or how you should be feeling, and you'll start to turn to the terrible 90's punk rock tapes for comfort in the expansive, seemingly perpetually dark mansion. Do yourself a favor and play this game by yourself, at night, with stereo headphones, and if possible in one sitting to really appreciate this. I promise it's more than worth it."
76561197971200474,Recommended,232430,10605784,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,The Merovingian,"I loved this experience. It is not a game, but a story to experience and discover. Very much worth it. It is not very long, if you try to find everything that's in it maybe three or four hours tops. Almost in the style of Dear Esther, but not in the same tone and more relatable. Highly recommended!"
76561198027418255,Recommended,232430,10608296,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,bato batovic,Loved it!!!
76561197990884071,Recommended,232430,10610732,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,venkatsrin,"Bought it on sale, great interactive story, less of a game - worthy of any hollywood movie (reminds me of Perks of Being a Wallflower). Easy to rave about the main storyline but what makes it haunting are the stories that arent actually told... superb, brilliant, captivating writing!Would highly recommend to grab it on sale but not worth 20 bucks for 2-3 experience (think of it as a VOD rental)"
,Recommended,232430,10614365,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,biffyn,"A short but enjoyable game (2hours). I really enjoyed the storyline, in fact it's all about the storyline as the gameplay isn't the best, quite one dimensional. The story has lots of little sub stories running through and even a bit dark.I would recommend Gone Home, but not at the full price so get it quick while it’s in the summer sale."
,Recommended,232430,10616175,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Generic Man,"Went home - 11/10In all seriousness though, this game was quite excellent. It had a wonderful atmosphere, mixed with fun and intruiging gameplay.  The story was fantastic, and it was very well executed. This game is a game that compares very well to games such as Dear Esther, or Proteus. It isn't so much a game as it is an interactive story, however, I do not feel that this lessens gameplay or makes it unenjoyable.Basically, if you liked games like Dear Esther, Proteus, To the Moon, etc. You will for sure like this game.If you havent played that type of game before, this is a good game to start off on. Especially for the low pricetag. It doesn't take very long to play, and is a great start for anyone looking to get into this genre of games."
,Recommended,232430,10616690,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,dapperdeer,"Short, but touching.  Explore your family's lives through the notes and objects they leave behind.  Great 90s touches throughout the game to set the scene."
,Recommended,232430,10620060,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Nextron,"Short, emotional storytelling worth every penny. We need more games like this. Suspenseful and immersive."
76561198027258930,Recommended,232430,10625563,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ashg42,"This game is short but it's still high on the ""wow's "" . It's really cheap and worth so much more. Great game, great story and great music."
,Recommended,232430,10628483,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,cahnove,"a really unique game, wish it was longer tho"
,Recommended,232430,10629135,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Brojas,"This game was really nice, I loved that the main character wasn't even about you and that each character had their own mini-plot line and puzzles as you try and piece it together. When I played, I first thought that maybe this would turn into a thriller or paranormal based story line, but it wasn't that at all and I'm relieved and impressed at the subtle tricks they do to make you believe otherwise. Not only do the characters have their puzzles, but the house does as well. The only con about this game is that you have to be very thorough, or you'll have unanswered questions by the time you finish the game that will make you believe that it's actually anti-climactic or there's holes. All in all, it definitely kept my interest long enough for me to finish it."
76561198126915945,Recommended,232430,10629506,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Laura,"I really enjoyed this game, but it certainly isn't for everyone. For me, exploring a big old house is a very fun thing to do, but the game isn't much beyond that exploration. If anything it's an intersting storytelling method.If you're looking for an exciting adventure then keep looking, but if you want to play through a unique storytelling experience, this might be the game for you!"
,Recommended,232430,10629756,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,GigaDanNY,"Many say this game isn't ""a game."" That it's not worth the price tag. I disagree wholeheartedly.My personal running defintion of a game has always been some interactive, digital device that involves the player in telling a story. Gone Home is not only no exceptiopn to this definition, but it's perhaps the best example of it.As you assume the role of Katie, a 20 year-old girl arriving home from a one year trip abroad, you'll explore your family's new house and catch up on the events you've missed. Your father has been hard at work on a new path for his book series. Your mother has been busy getting a promotion with the Oregon Wildlife Services. And your sister, Sam... well she's been busy, too.I wouldn't define this as a puzzle game or FPS or anything like that. I'd call it ""an experience in digital storytelling."" An experience that shouldn't be missed. Maybe the normal $19.99 price tag is a little high for the two to three hours worth of gameplay you'll be getting, but if this title's on sale and you're looking for the digital version of curling up at night by the fireplace with a good book, don't hesitate to buy."
76561197969023748,Recommended,232430,10632280,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Isuro,"If you're the type of person who likes games that can affect you in ways you didn't know they could, the type who cried at the ending to Beyond Good and Evil, you'll like this. For everyone else, it'll be a boring, action-free, preachy waste of money.But it's games like this that advance the artform."
,Recommended,232430,13643837,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,[aDg] IB31415,"Fantastic game.  It's basically a short story, that instead of being written and read is experienced through a video game.  Highly recommend."
,Not Recommended,232430,19644761,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Fleshy26,"WTF did I just ""play""? Seriously......I don`t even know. Get`s a 0\10 because this isn`t a game at all."
,Recommended,232430,7471556,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,t('. ' t ),"I cannot reccomend this game highly enough.  It's on sale right now and it's just before halloween, so grab this game.  Read nothing about it, go in as cold as possible, you won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,232430,16493751,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ne0_Kn1ghT -NF-,"This game took me 58 Minutes to completly finish. This game is all about finding out about your sister and to do this you have to search the house for clues and secret passages. I really enjoyed this game, it had a really good story but it was soooo short and i was really disappointed when it ended. This game keep me engaged and i couldn't leave my computer. I just wish it was longer but i got it on sale for about $3 which is a real bargain i'd rate this game about 7.5/10 at it's original price."
,Recommended,232430,14443563,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Xarxai,"While taking a step back, I have to say, Gone Home is a decent game.  However, the narration sets you up for a horror story, and that ends up not being the case at all.  I played through the game expecting something to jump out at me or a ghost to attack because of several ""haunting"" mentions, only to find out that's not even a side story.The main story is sweet, but presented in a total misfire.I would recommend, but don't get swept up in thinking this game is a horror- take all that at face value and just enjoy the story.7/10"
,Recommended,232430,27858071,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Slepice1,Great memory.
,Not Recommended,232430,18417730,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Axarydax,"I was scared all the time, because I just don't trust games. I expected some♥♥♥♥♥♥to jump at me from the dark every time I was reaching out for a light switch. Gone Home didn't scare me. I just looked around the house, the puzzles have been a no-brainer. So in the end, I had to endur a mediocre story for about two hours. That time could have been better spent reading a short story, playing a better game or something."
,Not Recommended,232430,18420998,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Drunk Aquaman,overpriced.very atmospheric but no real punch
,Recommended,232430,19670267,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,StephanUniverse,"Gone Home is an amazing experience, the first time any game has moved me to tears. You can dispute whether or not it is a game all you'd like but at the end of the day games are experiences and this is certainly one of the greatest ones ever."
,Recommended,232430,19724322,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Kronosaur,"I would definitely buy this again if it were on sale, maybe $5-10. A heartwarming story, though it doesn't deliver on the creep-factor that is starts with. No replay value."
76561198064722722,Recommended,232430,13661129,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,micki24nz,Fantastic!
,Recommended,232430,16830387,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,NNYAnime,"I enjoyed this game for these main reasons:[1] I didn't read any summaries other than the breif one on the store page and I avoided reading any reviews about the game.[2] I went in not knowing thereis nothing in the game that can harm you, no death and no way to fail. Because of this I was able to enjoy the story as I think it was intended; The revelations about what was going on happened naturally and the eerie feel is needed. I know if I had just gotten home from a year long trip away from my family and finding them NOT in thier new home that they had recently moved into and I've never been inside, I'd be a little freaked out.[3] I got it on sale. While I did thouroughly enjoy the 2 hours I played $20 is to high of a price for it. There is, as far as I can tell, no benifit to replaying ie different ending, more secrets, different story following different family member.With all that said I would reccommend playing through this story at least once, if you can get it on sale."
76561198054071333,Recommended,232430,13751223,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Lady LAN,"Gone Home is a wonderful and engrossing game. Although it's short, the story is amazing and the environment fuels the explorative gameplay."
,Recommended,232430,10951419,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DeliciouslyNice,"What a fantastic, immersive environment Gone Home has built, you feel apart of this world as you discover more about your family. A wonderful story with exploration being the key driving force. I would highly recommend it to anyone."
76561198083556657,Recommended,232430,10951611,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DarthKoni,I could try to love this game more but then I think I would hurt myself. The story is in the leaps. Thank you for having faith and trust in intelligence.
,Recommended,232430,10953034,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,Its like this game was made specifically for queer girls who like crawling around and snooping through peoples houses. e.g. me
,Recommended,232430,10953411,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Koruam,"If you like Dear Esther you will enjoy this game as well.It doesn't take long before you finish the game (about 90 minutes for me) and it isn't as emotionally filled as Dear Esther, but Gone Home is certainly worth a few bucks (a few, not to many =P).The journey you undertake in your new home is set in the 90's and you have to figure out what happened to your sister and parents.I'd love more games like this =)."
,Recommended,232430,10953496,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Chownas,"An AWESOME game, very story driven and even thought it is quite short it is definitly one of the best indie games out there!"
,Recommended,232430,10953931,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,briteside913,"Gone Home is a short glance back into time. Even though it wasn't a long journey, and the ending was somewhat of a let down, it was a good game for a few reasons. I wouldn't even necessarily call it a game. The graphics were good, and i was impressed with the items that you could interact with. I will say there were a couple moments of suspense, and there was a storyline that got left hanging. I was disappointed that the underlying historc story wasn't finished, and i feel like there could have been more content created with that. It's a short game, with an overall positive theme. If you like action and suspense, i'd pick a different game, but if you like sentiment and exploration, this game is a great pick. 4/5 stars for me."
,Recommended,232430,10954052,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Long Schlong Haymaker,"Simple puzzles, a kind of spooky messy house and charming story.The moment you are finally able to go into the attic makes this game worth it."
76561198080995521,Recommended,232430,10954572,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DarienXIV,Gone Home takes you on a journey through the characters family home. Where this story ends is nothing that you will expect. An array of emotions felt for the various characters and a tinge of nostalgia will hit you thinking about your teenage years. An excellent game for those looking for game with a path that doesn't seem to take you where you belong.
76561198018408735,Recommended,232430,10954703,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,fuzzehpolarbear,"tl;dr is below if you don't want to read my whole spiel.So I don't usually review games, because I am any combination of busy or lazy depending on what day of the week it is. But I noticed that this particular game had a lot of negative reviews, and I don't really feel it deserves them. I actually thought Gone Home was a great game. Sure, it's a bit short, but it's got a lovely, heartwarming story to tell, and the detail with which the environment has been created is really impressive. Graphics are quite nice, too. Don't get me wrong, it's not worth 20 dollars, it's just not long enough, heartwarming or not. But it's easily worth 5. If you can get it on sale, get it.I will say one thing about this, though. I feel this game was originally meant to be a horror game, and that idea was scrapped at some point, because the atmosphere is as thick as a brick wall and there are all kinds of horror elements in it, it just ISN'T a horror game. I'd love to see this studio actually MAKE a horror game, I think it'd be AMAZING, because they clearly know how to build atmosphere and design an environment that makes the player really WANT to explore it.tl;dr+Great graphics+Phenomenal environmental detail+Awesome atmosphere+Beautiful heartwarming story told expertly through both narrative and environment exploration-Really short*IMO this studio should stop trying to be heartwarming and start trying to be terrifying because they'd probably be really good at it."
,Recommended,232430,10954922,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ron,"Took about 2.5 hours to finish it. Engrossing story, and I was compelled to find out what was happening with each member of the family. The whole time I was expecting the worst and was just really interested to see more. I'm glad I played it, but I can understand why it wouldn't be for everyone.Don't buy it if you're expecting a lengthy, action-packed epic."
76561198035925871,Recommended,232430,10955124,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,jcook119,"Gone Home is a beautifully crafted tech demo of walking through a multi-level home, and picking up various 3D objects. There are a few notes scattered through the house, which tell an interesting love story of in the style of the classic ""Juliet and Juliet."" While I really did enjoy the demo, and would gladly recommend it for the low sale price, I did find two notable flaws. First, the non-sale price is much too high for what you get. Second, this is being sold as a ""game"", which is a bit misleading. It has almost no classically defined ""game"" qualities at all, unless you consider clicking random things and hearing audio feedback to be a game. I do that everyday with the apps I use at work, and they certainly don't provide any entertainment value. I really do hope that the developers decide to get into full-blown game development, there seems to be a lot of promise in this demo.TLDR: This isn't a game in any real sense. The story is decent, but nothing earth-shattering. I'll forget I ever played it in a few weeks. Unless you can buy it on sale, I would pass. If there was a neutral rating I would take it, instead I will give it the thumbs up solely for the graphics and fair story."
76561197982970352,Recommended,232430,10957842,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Entrax,"Gone Home is a fantastic example of compelling and interactive storytelling. The writing is extremely intelligent, and the game designers have a lot of fun playing with the most commonly horror genre of being trapped in a house, trying to solve a mystery. The game takes place in the mid 90's, and the house is dripping with nostalgia.I absolutely loved this game, and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a game rich in storytelling, fantastic characters and a team of designers that clearly loved their project.A+++!"
76561198025666329,Recommended,232430,10958508,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,mistwolf,"A fairly short game, I wouldn't reccomend paying full price for it.  But at a discount, it's a wonderful interactive story.  The controls feel a little clunky but for anyone who enjoys just something to waste a little time, it's perfect.  If not extremely obvious, the plotline is at least a little bit emotional and it keeps you moving through the (gorgeous) house to see what's next.  This isn't so much a ""game"" as an interactive book, and if you treat it as such, I'm sure you'll enjoy it."
76561198085801948,Recommended,232430,10959329,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Cats,"Amazing game. 10/10 would play again. If you haven't played this game you should, the story is really enticing."
76561197972327508,Recommended,232430,10959409,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Saint Ramax,"Beautiful game. A lil' bit short storyline, but it was really fun for the 2-3 hours I've spent. I wish the game was a little bit longer, but overall, it's a pretty good one."
76561198139966108,Recommended,232430,10959722,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,awesomeecg,"If you are the person that obessively looks for audio logs in games, this game is for you."
,Recommended,232430,10960009,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,The Wonder Monk,"This is a very well constructed game that unfolds like a good book. Which is probably a good analogy, as the game would be best appreciated by those who enjoy reading books - if you find you don't have the patience for books then you won't enjoy this game and that probably explains some of the negative reviews.All that said, I picked the game up for $5 in the Summer Sale, and that is a fair price - I would have felt ripped off if I'd paid full price ($20) for the less-than 2 hours it took to finish the game.Saying too much about the story that unfolds would quickly lead to spoiler alerts, but suffice to say the writers have done an excellent job of layering emotional, sinister, and mystery storylines. There are times when the game guides you too obviously - many of the notes left for you to find are just too unrealistic and a just pushing you in the direction to go. Most ""puzzles"" have only one solution, so judged purely on game mechanics it's pretty basic. But as an interactive story, with a well thought out environment it's great.Just don't pay retail."
,Recommended,232430,10960771,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,phillipgessert,"Very awesome and immersive, the trailers don't do it justice. What's up with all the empty cups though?"
,Recommended,232430,10960887,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,brycec03,This game made me have feelings. I haven't had feelings in a long time. Not sure how I feel about that...  10/10
,Recommended,232430,10961335,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,B L U E  B O Y,"...despite its short length, Gone Home had me aching for more when I finished. I didn't expect it to have such a powerful story!If you're looking for a game jam-packed with action and intensity, I'd turn around. I would, however, recommend it to anyone who appreciates a great story, loves to explore, or just wants a change of pace in terms of gaming."
76561198050672779,Recommended,232430,15162135,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Henchum,"an incredible soundtrack here is what makes this games. More than a nod to the riot grrrl movement, this title embodies the homemade heartfelt honesty and radical ideology of 90s feminism."
,Recommended,232430,16529638,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,vleroy728,"Bit of a short game, but it was worth the price I bought it for and I like the storyline with all the journals. I recommend getting it if it's on sale, but maybe not at full price."
,Recommended,232430,16543565,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Gelocks,"Cons:Not really a game per-se...The sound of rain and thunder repeating got on my nerves... (kind of low qual...)You never really get into the ""Mom"" and ""Dad"" characters. A few subtle hints but, lacking.No puzzles, no anything. Just walk and click.I wanted to know more once the game ended...Pros:The story kind of depressed me. Why is this a pro? Because if a game can change your mood like this one does, it has to be special.The music is simply kick♥♥♥♥♥♥.. really, alternative/grungy/punk-ish.No puzzles, no anything. Just walk and click... my kind of 'game'! :p Sometimes I just want to be entertained with a story and this one delivered.For a few bucks, it's definitely worth it."
,Recommended,232430,7801443,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Spagett,It's a real experience.  A great one.
,Recommended,232430,6537013,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,BigWillyP,"Excellent game, excellent story, excellent environment.  However, 18 dollars is waaaaay too much for a game of its length.  Definately wait for a steam sale."
,Recommended,232430,10600475,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Dr. Jimes Tooper,"After my first playthrough, I know I definitely haven't experienced all this game has to offer.  Definitely worth more than one playthrough.  If you like story-driven games, this one is pretty rad. YEETYEETYEETYEETYEETYEETYEETYEET"
,Not Recommended,232430,24385823,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,seabass,"2/5It's atomospheric, enthralling and charming. All two hours of it. After it ended, I looked at the screen and said ""That's it?!"" Would have gotten higher, but at this price point, I can't recommend it. Wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,232430,24627277,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Zazgor,"From what I heard about this game I was expecting a lot more. TL:DR Bad, predictable ending and plot, with near perfect voice work and good pacing.First and foremost I should point out that, as far as games go, this one wasn't bad, I'd even call it good, but where it fell apart was telling an orignal story set in an orignal enviorment. From the very start of the game I was able to predict every single twist and turn in the plot from a mile away, while at the same time hoping that the story wasn't going in the direction it was (now mind you this has nothing to do with the romance plot, I'm actually a sucker for those, my problem lay in how they executed said plot). By the end I saw hope for what I thought could have been a decent, if cliched ending to what I would call an above average game, but then the ending came around and exactly what I thought would happen, and I feared would happen happened, creating an ending that just felt sappy and unrealsitc. There were several moments throughout the game where I thought from a writting persepctive 'Hell, I could do better than this'.But of course the story isn't everything this game has to offer, there's also the walking......which is exactly as it sounds, though I did feel the walking speed was just a bit too slow, but nothing too bothersome. There was one thing that this game got perfect, and that was the performance of the actress who played Sam. When I mean this was an absolutley increadible performance worthy of, not only any AAA title, but also any film, I mean it. There were times where, despite the lack-luster story, I felt emotional soley from this girls performance.In the end I would like to give this game my recommendation, just from the great voice work alone, but the rest of the game just isn't fun enough, and the story interesting enough for me to recommend the moments including Sam's dialogue.Rating:Acting performance: 9/10- fantasticGameplay: 4/10- this one is more subjective, but I just found it boring.Story: 5/10- Painfully averageGraphics 5/10- They get the job done"
,Not Recommended,232430,24641487,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,disillusioned,"This game is way too short and not... a game. It's an interactive narrative. (Similar to Firewatch, but I enjoyed Firewatch more because there was at least conversation and some decisions, and it was longer.) You can complete this in about an hour and it's frustrating that its list price is $20 for that experience, though it's unlikely you'd pay that now.If you want something in this vein, go for Firewatch or Oxenfree instead. Or treat yourself with Life is Strange, which was compelling, deep, and had a brilliantly engaging story."
76561197993256244,Recommended,232430,10943330,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,marmot,"An incursion in the life of an average american family, with some secrets here and there... how will it end ? The progression is well driven, the atmosphere is quiet but sometimes heavy. Do not hope to spend more than 3 hours on this title, but these 3 hours will be enjoyable."
76561197980955704,Recommended,232430,10943499,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Fathead,"Fantastic short game with great voice acting, i only wish it was longer."
,Recommended,232430,10944178,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DogLore,"Fantastic! Beautiful, fun, interesting. A must play for anyone who likes story and discovery."
,Recommended,232430,10945958,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Pixelate,"This game is less than 2 hrs long, but I liked that kind of storytelling. You have to take your time and find every little objects to make sense of the story, otherwise you will find the game boring. DO NOT pay 20$ for that game, wait for it to be on sale for 5$ or lower (think of it as renting a movie)."
,Recommended,232430,10947139,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Red Jenny,"Not for everone, I suppose. It's a short game, but I definitely got $5 of entertainment out of it. Very PLOT BASED, so if you just want to beat it as quickly as possible, you'll be sorely disappointed when it takes 2 minutes. But if you're willing to totally explore the house, and get immersed in the story, the game can easily take 3-4 hours. The biggest downside is the low re-playability. It's just best the first time around, and then that's just about it."
,Recommended,232430,10947825,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MTeck,I really enjoyed this title. The pallet used in the mansion works really well with the ambient lighting system in play. There's a lot of cool subtexts and undertones the player has to read into to get a feel for the whole story. I'm sure there are plenty that I missed. I loved the femme 90's punk and pop rock the dev's chose to put on the tapes that can be played. All the nostalgic 90s electronics and toys were fun to look at too for those who grew up in the that era. 4/5 Great game will play again.
,Recommended,232430,10826223,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Fo0dNippl3,A sweet story told in a novel manner.
,Recommended,232430,10826255,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,irradiated,"Good, but short. Buy it on sale for sure, and it will give you a few hours of fun. $20 is too steep though.I really enjoyed searching the house for clues and pieces of story, flipping items around to look at every detail.The story was beautiful but left me wanting more, instead of a sense of closure.Atmosphere was excellent, definitely an eerie feeling to the house."
,Recommended,232430,10826343,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ralal500,"Brilliantly structured, very deep and multiple story lines. I've played it twice through and I'm not hesitant to play it a third time."
,Recommended,232430,10827161,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,voidspit,"(Possible spoilers?)A really gorgeous and expertly executed game using powerful atmosphere to communicate the alienation and distance a high-achieving ""golden child"" feels from her sister in treading (what is, for the protagonist) new ground in adolescence, sexuality, and teenage rebellion. Players should be open-minded and go in knowing they are going to play an internal character-driven narrative and -not- a horror/mystery to avoid disappointment and fully appreciate what the developers have achieved.(However being light on content is a valid criticism; 20$ seems like a reasonable price from a creator standpoint when taking into account the amount of time and labour it takes to make a game, but from a consumer standpoint, for 2 hours of gameplay it only makes sense to buy Gone Home on sale.)"
76561198051043855,Recommended,232430,10827276,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Each Day the Wiser,"This game is a story-telling piece of art. I found it refreshing and full of suspense, due to the nature of the game's exploration in an empty dark house with lights flickering and going out. Without spoiling the plot, I would say this is recommended for someone who enjoys a good plot and enjoys feeling for the characters in the story, as that is the real arc in this experience. You're in for a rollercoaster ride as you approach the game with curiosity, your lights turned out, and your own house empty.."
,Recommended,232430,10828197,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Lucky Misfit,"I'd grab this game while it's on sale if you ever wanted to play it. In my opinion, it's not worth the full price. It's a lot shorter than I thought it would be, but a cute storyline made it worthwhile. This would be something I'd buy for my mom as she loves point and click ""find the object"" type games."
,Recommended,232430,10829323,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mr Tjax,"Wow, I did not expect what I had gotten from this game. The story was there but was not completed which leaves you wondering what happened. The feel of the home and they story about your sister as she is thrown into this new house. I would say you need to play this game just once to feel what I had felt at the ending. 8/10"
76561198083407582,Recommended,232430,10829470,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,sycorax314,"it was late, I needed to go to sleep soon but I decided to take a look at Gone Home first.  It is now 4am, I've been exploring fo hours and hours piecing together the lives of my missing family.  It's kind of creepy and I keep thinking I'll see someone staring at me down the end of the hall... then the light went off, and I decided I needed a break before checking out the basementVery compelling, lots of environment to interact with, very enjoyable level of tension without resorting to gore or any overt threat... Recommend for anyone who like a mystery game"
,Recommended,232430,10830079,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Beanchilla,"I definitely can understand the complaints about the length of this game. It is very short and if I had spent 20 dollars on it I might feel a bit burned. That said, I got exactly what I wanted from it. I loved peeling through the various books, notes, drawings and photos of this family. Setting it in 1995 was a great idea, nothing like digging up dad's old porn stache or finding old VHS recordings of the X-files. It's odd playing this and having all of that be so familiar while also knowing that a home like that most likely exist anymore.If you're interested in a heartfelt short story that you piece together by digging through a home then you'll dig this."
76561198079000135,Recommended,232430,10830288,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Asparagus,This is a VERY short game but I enjoyed every second of it.
76561198030103172,Recommended,232430,10835239,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Stenzdor,"This is more of an interactive story than a game. It definitely isn't worth the full $20 price, but if you can pick it up for $5 or less I would say it's a good deal. There's not really much more I can add than what other reviewers have already said."
,Recommended,232430,10836096,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Z Chrispian Chrispin Crisp,"Very short game but a great concept in story telling. I enjoyed learning about the characters through recorded messages and well written letters. Voice Acting is superb. This is probably has two of the most detailed characters in gaming built purely on a strong backstory. Only play it if you value story over anything else because all you will be doing, is flicking on light switches and picking stuff up.  The game keeps you trapped in a tense atmosphere effecting how you turn corners etc, it is perfect.I found it very enjoyable. Wasn't worth its original pricing though, at all."
76561198068994318,Recommended,232430,10836704,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Violet Euphoria,"Gone Home is a story driven exploration game that lives up to its description. Returning to an abandoned house after a trip to Europe, the protagonist will set out to explore both the house and the secrets hidden more or less thoroughly within its walls. The game design is atmospheric, and will draw those players willing to go slow and explore in without a doubt. Whereas it is possible to interact with a great variety of objects, it is for the most part not necessary to do so -- there are (with a few exceptions) no puzzles to be solved, no objects to combine, and very few secrets to discover on the map or within the gaming world itself. The exploration of the house is, therefore, heavily depending on gathering the puzzle pieces of the story centering almost exclusively on the protagonist's younger sister, Sam.For a game that depends so heavily on relating a story, however, I find the narrative of Gone Home to be disappointing. While Sam's story is narrated in a charming way and interspersed with items, notes and similar paraphernelia that will send teenagers of the 1990s down a trip on memory lane, the narrative itself is neither shocking nor spectacular. While I would not subscribe to the ubiquitous criticism that Gone Home is a dream come true for only militant, feminist lesbians, I perceive the main storyline as slightly cliché and lacking in depth (particularly for a game that relies heavily on the narrative as a propelling force). Furthermore, the narrative feels incomplete: there are suggested sub-plots which are never explored and, towards the ending of the game, entirely abandoned in favour of Sam's narrative. The game's ending is predicatable, and only answers questions tied to Sam's disappearance while the overarching question of why the protagonist is returning to an empty house remains unanswered. This is not to say that the narrative of Gone Home is not enjoyable -- it is an emotional, intimately related story that will appeal to those who enjoy coming-to-age stories. It is, however, not a spectacular or particularly innovative narrative that will stay within the memory of the player for a lengthy period of time.While Gone Home is a pleasant passtime, the game itself is short even if the player is willing to take their time exploring the house. I looked into every nook and cranny I could find and finished the game in under 2 hours. Furthermore, the game has little to no replay value. As soon as the story is complete (or rather: as it becomes clear that some strands of the plot will remain untied), there is no more incentive to play the game. Had I gotten the game for its full price, I would feel cheated. It was, however, well worth the roughly 3 Euro I spent -- a ticket to movies, which would keep me entertained for about the same amount of time, would be more expensive.If you are a player who enjoys slowly exploring the gaming environment, or one who likes to actively unravel a story, this game might be for you -- if you are a gamer who likes their games with a good dose of action, give this one a pass. In general, I would recommend giving the game a shot at a discounted price -- it will keep you intrigued if you allow yourself to get immersed within the world of Gone Home."
,Recommended,232430,10837213,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Rex Mundane,"First thing to get out of the way, this is much less a game than a sort of passively-interactive story experience. That's a hard sell already since it's so easy to fall into the trap of pretense that confuses itself for depth, and there are few examples within the genre that work that well. Dear Esther is similarly set up, and likewise beloved by critics to the point of impossible standards for the average player to meet, and while this game adds more interactivity and active exploration of the environment, it still falls through some similar pitfalls.Without any puzzles to solve or zombies to punch, the story itself becomes the entire thing then, and frankly it's not all that compelling. I ended up getting more wrapped up in the player character's post cards, the stories of the family's past, the father's book deal and the mother's co-worker, than I did in the sister's difficulties with love. It says something remarkable about the game's authors that the background stories are fresh, curious, and fascinating, while the primary narrative tastes like a re-heated leftover that doesn't really do anything new with the genre of ""I'm 18 and found my soul-mate.""While the subject matter of teenage romance has been retread numerous times already, the game's main problem here is the pacing and setting actively interfering with the story. At times where keeping track of the order of events becomes necessary, it got difficult to keep tracking of life events for the family, and I had forgotten what the date was that I, the player, was meant to be exploring the house, until finding a calender in the locked off kitchen about 90 minutes into the story. Further, the atmosphere of the game, a big, creaky, un-lit house in a thunderstorm, alongside the frequent mentions of a past tragedy and possible hauntings, exploring long disused basements and the ""secret in the attic"" end up putting you in a mindset where you're anticipating something quasi-horror-tragedy-ish the game never had any intent to provide. The result is a story that builds up to a ""everything coming together"" climax, and that ends with me asking ""...what, is that it?""And yet, at the end of the day, I still appreciated what Gone Home is trying to do, and the moments when it works to bring me deeper into subtler stories that inform the background white noise of the narrative, and still manages to immerse you in the lives of this family, even though the focal story, while not exactly bad, is much less than captivating. I certainly wouldn't say it's worth $20, but if you can get it on a good discount (as low as $3 during the summer sale) it's definitely worth your time, and arguably, for all it's flaws, one of the best examples so far of interactive environmental storytelling."
,Recommended,232430,10681826,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,wake and baka,"If you get it for cheap, and are a fan of narrative fiction, You'll be in for a treat."
,Recommended,232430,18661790,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Jerion,"This is a terrific piece of interactive storytelling. If you find yourself pushing through games for the sake of the story, then this is absolutely something you should play."
,Recommended,232430,11502066,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Kondorr,"Gone Home: 7/10 - BUYER BEWARE!Gone Home Impressions:This is not Outlast, this is not Call of Duty. This is a quite, slow and rather peaceful exploration game with lots of onscreen reading. There are almost no puzzles, the unfolding story is nice but nothing truly special. Graphics are ok.I do recommend it to people interested in trying something else... and I truly mean something else... calling this a game might be misguiding, this is rather an experience, similar to DEAR ESTHER (although I liked ESTHER much more).And it is short... so get it on sale..."
,Recommended,232430,12232903,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Model Citizen,"Gone home is an interactive story - in game terms, it is a first-person exploration game with a few puzzles, but it is deliberately designed to pose no challenge to anybody. Instead, all interactive mechanics serve the goal of immersing the player in the character they control, and discover the stories of the people that live - or lived - in the house the player is exploring, most of them being immediate family of the player character.After some 2-3 hours of game play, the game will end on solving the last of the puzzles and the player will come away quite familiar with the unseen occupants of the house, their relationships and their lives - and lots of references to 1990s US mainstream pop-culture to either remember or research.A review of the game-parts of this piece of software is necessarily short: The visuals are adequate, but not special - the focus is on the story-carrying items, which are all lovingly designed to a noticeably higher standard than the rest of the assets that only serve to build the backdrop of the house. The sound design is flawless, the music pleasant and mostly concerned with carrying the mood - with the exception of certain pieces that are actually part of the story. There is occasional voice-acting, which is great and effective. As mentioned before, despite the existence of puzzles, there is no challenge to Gone Home. All puzzle parts, such as closed doors or missing items, purely serve pacing purposes and to keep the player from rushing past things they are meant to find.What about the literary part of this game then? If this were a novel, it would be in the genre of literary realism, and - and this is where the choice of medium and the unconventional way to tell the stories contained in it really shines - it would be young adult and mainstream literary fiction at the same time. The inspired choice of setting, a family home, makes this experience ideal to be shared between generations - real families should play this, each member on their own or together in front of a shared screen. That said, the setting, the stories and the characters are too detailed and specific in their cultural, historic and social background - white, latter-half 20th century suburban middle-class - to be universally understood by and identified with by any player from any possible background.Consumer advice: At undiscounted listing price, this felt bad value for money for me. Wait for at least 50% discount, strongly consider buying at 75% or better discount."
,Recommended,232430,18496755,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,thesaurosie,"Really important contribution to legitimising games as interactive works of art.Also incredibly disappointing! I'm a total SJW and even I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.The problem isn't the content or the freedom to tell different stories.The problem was making this game look like the next Pandora (or similar), especially when it has such a specific message to tell. Biggest let down!Even the cleverest ways of telling a story are going to be frustrating if you're psyched for a different kind of twist. Definitely worth playing, but take it for what it is - carefully constructed, occasionally cheesy interactive fiction. I've only played it once but I juts wanted to defend it. And lightly warn Pandora fans, lol :)"
76561198081809873,Recommended,232430,18648017,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,checkeredrose11,I Loved this game
76561197966309846,Recommended,232430,16475176,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ShaRk,loved this style of storytelling/game :)
76561198024979423,Recommended,232430,16476029,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,wadark,"It is important to know what to expect in this game. The general horror/supernatural vibe that it gives off in the beginning is a facade. This is a game entirely about its story, told in a way that I found refreshing and exciting, and more than a little gut-wrenching, but that's probably me just being a softy.You play Katie, a protagonist who, but for the intro, is silent, who returns home from travelling Europe to find her family's new house empty, her parents and sister gone. The game plays out almost like a miniature metroid-vania style, searching the house for clues and keys to open up new areas, maps that reveal secret passages, etc.Through searching the various rooms of the house you'll find notes and letters which detail the lives of your family; your father's struggling writing career, your mother's advancing career and a potential office romance.However, the story is primarily about your sister, Sam, and how she reacts to moving to this new house, and a burgeoning romance. While the rest of the family's story is played out entirely in text (letters and notes and such), Sam's story is told through a combination of similar notes, but also especially through audio-log-style narrations that trigger as you explore and find specific objects.I don't want to spoil Sam's story here, but suffice it to say that it was, to me, heartfelt, relevant, and toward the end gutwrenching, all aided by a fantastic voice actress playing her part. I was very nearly in tears by the end.The only downside, I would say, is that it is very short. It can be completed in less than two hours and it left me wanting to find out more about the family's pursuits (the mother and father stories build up slowly through numerous notes and letters and then seem to reach conclusion very swiftly, or don't at all). And at its normal price, its probably a hard investment to justify for some.Again, its necessary to understand what this game is and isn't. There isn't a lot to it, as I mentioned, and the general vibe at the beginning is a bit misleading. However, if you're in the mood for a heartfelt, tear-jerker of a story-based game, I cannot recommend Gone Home highly enough. It is a fantastic experience."
,Recommended,232430,16484493,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,alison,"This is a wonderful game. The premise is a bit spooky - you come home after backpacking for a year to an empty house that your family moved into while you were away, and you wander around trying to piece together what's going on. It's a setup for a survival horror, but it plays like an adventure game. The narrative is very well done, and it's a delight to just wander around exploring the place and finding out what your family has been up to over the previous year. My only complaint is it's a bit short, although in reality if it took you longer than a couple of hours of snooping to figure out where your family was, you'd have a pretty messed-up family. On the other hand, the fact you are snooping at all instead of just crashing kinda makes the protagonist seem a bit creepy, but hey, it's a computer game. Probably not worth full price, but a really great story that all narrative-driven adventure fans should jump on during a Steam sale."
,Recommended,232430,351439,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Kamakazie,"Beautiful.  Be aware that this is a 2 hour game priced at $20, but it's beautiful."
,Recommended,232430,27818529,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,n2t,I'm still crying
76561198027167184,Recommended,232430,14286442,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,sebi,"This was a wonderful experience(I understand its not for everybody, but I enjoyed it immensly). It was just the right game at the right time(for me). a great mystery/drama story......(at the end I was at the verge of tears)! soundtrack was also perfect!"
76561198007375477,Recommended,232430,27536776,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Talky Tina,"if video games are meant to immerse you in a new world, then gone home exceeds like no other"
,Recommended,232430,27579621,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cooper,"Beautiful narrative game, intriguing story, and a satisfying ending."
76561198073822400,Recommended,232430,19312157,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Lilizora,A peaceful game with a beautiful story.
,Recommended,232430,10979922,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Sazzmo4,"One of the most unique games that I've played. It's a short, 2-4 hour exploration title that brought out an odd mix of emotions in me. Very refreshing game, narratively driven, and likely meant to played in one sitting."
,Recommended,232430,10982048,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Con10ental Op,Wonderfully told story that subverts all expectations.  Everyone should play this game.
,Recommended,232430,10982317,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Supermonni,"Lyhyt, mutta hieno tarina. Suosittelen!"
,Recommended,232430,10982536,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Frogbone,"This game is fantastic, and terribly moving.  Don't buy if you don't like short, personal adventure games (took about an hour to finish), or feeling emotions."
76561197994826108,Recommended,232430,10982675,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,mvno_subscriber,"This isn't a very long game. It's also not so super realistic as some might want you to believe, and the available detail varies from being able to read the ingredients list on a random cereal package to a drawer just containing a coarse image of a stack of  clothes.However, the atmosphere is very immersive, the storyline great and even though I tend to find dramas boring, this one was pretty realistic and brought a tear or two to my eyes. There are a lot of nuances in there that really lifts the stor(y/ies) to new heights.There's not any replay value. It took me 3 hours to complete. But, in a way, it changed my life a little bit, and it will continue to churn around in my head for quite some time. I played it with headphones and do not regret. All in all, a great experience."
,Recommended,232430,10656918,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,JBauer,"Удивительная игра с отменным сюжетом. Пусть и короткая, но доставляющая огромное удовольствие.Amazing game with very interesting plot. Don't hesitate and buy it immediately !"
,Recommended,232430,10670059,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,idrumgood,"Gone Home has one of the most powerful stories of any game I've ever played. Do yourself a favorite and make sure to take it slow, explore every nook and cranny, and really unravel the story here. Piecing together the fragments was one of the most rewarding experiences in any game I've played."
,Recommended,232430,10670353,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,AJ,"So I just finished the game - I'd say it was about 2-3 hours of actual gameplay.  Personally, I really liked this (glad I bought it at sale price though).  A few warnings however - if you are under the impression that this is in any way an indie horror game or something (I know some were), you are mistaken.  This game is more about delving into the lives of one specific family, mostly concerning the younger sister of the player character.  Technically speaking, I was pretty impressed with the way the game was put together - the graphics, soundtrack, and interactability of the environment.  You're essentially wandering through your family's house (they moved there while your player character was away in Europe) and what a LARGE house it is (to me at least).  I guess the caveat about this game is that if you can't get into the story or really care about the family/characters you're learning about - you'll find it to be a snore, nice graphics and atmosphere notwithstanding.  Oh also, this game is VERY 90s.  It takes place in 1995, and I'm sure it was somewhat specifically aimed at people who were growing up around that time (that doesn't mean you can't enjoy the game if you weren't, if you like exploring huge old houses and learning about the lives and problems of a family, then you'll still like it).  I can understand why people considered it a ""love letter to the gaming community"" of sorts.  It is very personal, and there is a lot about it that people can relate to.  Some would say the story is ""cliche'd"" and if that's there opinion then I won't fault them.  However it read to me as more ""relatable"" or ""nostalgic"" with enough depth of characters to make it really enjoyable, and even pull on the heart strings a bit.  Of course, your mileage may vary, but hopefully the reviews can help you decide if you want it."
,Recommended,232430,10670666,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Darkwraith Alvina,This game is very nice. Slow at first due to the unknown of the story. But quickly builds up into a heart gripping situation.
76561198034167387,Recommended,232430,10671878,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,second.crow.to.live,Great game but I will warn those looking for a real challenge this game is more like playing through a book but it is an amazing experience.
76561198096422779,Recommended,232430,10675795,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Alithia7,"Different and interesting, a nice narrative. I'm not sure the game itself was worth $20, but I definitely didn't mind spending the $20 to support the developer."
,Recommended,232430,10677106,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,LiquidJoy,Shiver mi Timbers What a refreshng and intensly emotional experience.
76561197993623800,Recommended,232430,10678189,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,epilardus,"I really enjoyed this game. Wait, ""game"" really isn't the right word -- It's more of an interactive experience. It's hard to write a review about Gone Home without revealing  too much, and the experience is best enjoyed without preconceptions. Here's what you need to know:- As the protagonist, you return home to find your family's house empty, and you have to figure out what happened.- It's short. I finished it in 80 minutes.- Sarah Grayson, the actress who does the main voice in the game, does a phenomenal job and really brings the character to life.- It's not for action die-hards or people who are easily bored. It *is* for those who love a good story, exploration and a mystery.- And finally, it's a great example of how indie games are revitalizing this medium, even as triple-A games succumb to Hollywood-itis.If all of this sounds like something you might enjoy, get it now!"
76561198074787297,Recommended,232430,10680822,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,pianosmasher94,"I wouldn't call this much of a game. There is no time limit, no threat, no impending doom (despite how rough that storm can get outside), and the puzzle mechanics are little more than exercises in memory. That being said, this is a very powerful way to tell a story. Like other minimalistic plots (such as those found in the Half-Life series and Souls series), Gone Home has a core narrative that is strong enough to carry the game, but grows stronger based on how much you invest into its exploration. Are you going to spend more than a few hours playing it? Maybe you will, but you probably won't. So buy it on sale. But try not to miss it. I'm glad I didn't."
76561197973309955,Recommended,232430,10681177,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Miasmatic,"It's certainly true that this is a uniquely crafted gaming experience.  Some call it an interactive story, some say it's a game.  I found it to be engaging, genuinely entertaining and an excellent change of pace.   If you're not into narrative driven games and require a lot of action, this game is certainly not for you.  If you're looking for an, in my opinion, well developed story and exploration driven experience, you'll probably enjoy this game.   It's tense, interesting and emotional."
76561198027102371,Recommended,232430,10823120,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,TheLunderstorm,"Great atmosphere and story. Only about 90 minutes long, but I enjoyed every one. I'll buy the next thing these guys do."
76561198080657429,Recommended,232430,10823283,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,JoDiddley,It's the attention to detail that makes this game. It feels genuine and almost like a game pulled out of someones memories.
,Recommended,232430,10824447,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Keitoran,"I wasn't really sure what to expect from this game, but once I got into it I really enjoyed it! It was cute and I loved all the little details along the way!"
76561198010519823,Recommended,232430,10824454,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,fatcat5853,"On sale for $3, took just about two hours to complete. I would have been disappointed had I paid $20 for two hours worth of gameplay, but considering the sale price it was worth it. Reminded me of a short mystery novel. A little predictable but still enjoyable. It's entirely story-driven with a couple easter eggs. (The only remotely scary part is the crucifix.)If you can catch it on sale and are used to dropping a couple bucks here and there on a book or movie, it's an excellent one-night diversion.Fair warning: DO NOT purchase this game for full price. It is worth $3, but absolutely not worth $20. The price point makes all the difference between recommended and not recommended."
,Recommended,232430,10824845,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,[C] FlutterTrap,"There are no enemys in this game.  No one is a bad guy, no one is a good guy.  You are not a noble knight, nor are you a badass anti-hero.  This game barely tells you who the character you are playing is outside of name.  There is no shooting, no platforming, no puzzles.  What this game does have, is a story, an enviroment, and a soundtrack, which in my opinion is everything it could ever need.You experience this game through the eyes of Katie, a 20 year old returning home to her family from a year-long European trip.  Strangly however, she finds that no one is home. Not her mom, dad, or sister Sarah has left any obvious signs of where they have went. As you move through the house, you find notes, letters, pictures, books, folders, binders, and practically anything else, that all slowly answers questions about your family, while raising other ones.I finished this game in a bit less then 3 hours, and that seems to be the about of time you can expect as well. Its a fantastic game to sit down with and enjoy in one continuous session. However there isn't all that much replayability if you play the game throughly on the first playthrough.Overall, this is a fantastic game, that I would recommend to anyone looking for a story and exploration driven experience, and is not looking for a high level of action, or over the top adventure.  This is the most natural game I've ever played, and truly feels realistic and human in a way few other games ever manage to achieve."
76561198000331833,Recommended,232430,16779843,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Elras Lord Rion,"Summary: It is a strange, sad, happy game and you have to be open to new things in order to enjoy the experience.First off:I bought the game cheap and under the impression that it was horror, which it is not, at least in the traditional sense. After I learned that it was not a survival horror game (10 seconds internet research), I started it again, this time not defaulting to the ""Scared Victim"" style of playing, instead playing the role I was intended to play, that of a teenager coming home.Story:Without spoiling the game, it is a very nice story. in the end I was emotionally exhausted and thought to myself ""totally worth it."" while rather short it made that up in intensity. Soaps are usually extremely dense in story development, the same goes for movies. In the game you experience one year worth of family drama in about 4 hours. The events are not Soap dense as in ""more stuff happens"" but more ""let's ignore the unimportant stuff"", even though the story itself is only about 2 hours i would guess (in game) long, you experience all the things that happened to your family in the last year.It feels not like a soap because the events in the game did play out over a long time, you just get the abrdged version.Gameplay (Played on Linux laptop):It is your regular first person experience, walking picking stuff up, interacting nothing new to which I can point and say ""that"". The graphics I can't really judge, because i had to turn the quality all the way down and it still wasn't smooth. Audio was great quality, i liked that it was only ambient noise, no music, unless it made sense (you turned something on). Playing it immersive is and advice as close to a ""must do"" as I can give without being part of the creation team and immersive doesn't mean ""headphones and emulate lighting levels of game"". I mean willingness to play the part of someone who was gone a year and finds an empty home. Not with friends not let's playing it or watching a let's play. Immersive does not mean ambient lighting and super hedphones, immersive is becoming the character in mind. I still recommend headphones and a dark room, though.Rant:So many people say this game is ""deep"" and I would tell them in their face ""No, other games are just shallow""A game is usually described as deep the second characters become humans. When a game charakter says ""let's poke things with sticks because yay!"" noone bats an eye, when in a game strangers approach you and ask you to join their adventure the answer ""Yes"" because that is expected from the player.But when someone approaches you in real live holds out their hand and says ""The world is great and interesting, take my hand and we will see it together."" many think 'what is wrong with that guy?' (Some said that to my face)Why is that? Because making adventures for humans is hard, for characters it is not. I am a gamemaster and I know the problems one has when trying to create a world that breathes, so I blame noone for taking the ""easy route"", because sometimes you have to do that to create a fun experience.A ""deep"" game is one where you have to think for yourself. Where the way is not that straightforward, where the answer is not what is expected. Being ""deep"" is being human. And being human is hard, many play games to stop being humans, in a sense.But sometimes we want to be someone else, not just a hero, and that is when deep is what you want.*ATTENTION HERE THERE BE FOLLOWING MINOR MASSIVE SPOILERS*As you have read above I said minor massive, if you read on because of that, I meant, what I talk about is only a minor thing that is easily, early deduced when you are in the right mindset, but if you know it before playing the game, it might ruin your experience. Now that I utterly failed at making it clear that you shouldn't continue if you ever plan to play this game, by setting you in that mindset, I give the warning again, the remainder of the post is spoiler heavy, read it after you played it. or at your own risklast chance to not get spoiled.okay, here I go.Coming of Age:The journal entries show you the story of what Sam goes through after meeting Lonnie and falling in love with her. Her whole journey down Parents disapproval lane.Many people go through something like that and mostly because of reasons beyond their own power. The way people turn out is because of 50% nurture, 50% nature. Things like diseases, gender and sexuality, some of the more common parent hate things, are nature and thus out of parents control, but militant, demanding or very tradition bound people don't care, whatever they are so obsessed about is more important than the child to them. Something similar goes for Sams father, who authored two books, his father (Sam's granddad) sending him a ""You Suck"" letter after reading them.The game itself helps experiencing such a feeling of unwantedness without the fallout.If you are something your parents don't wan't you to be, is it being the wrong gender, sexuality or having an illness, mental or physical, having or learning a profession your parents disapprove of, changing your religion or stopping with religion alltogether, you might have experienced what sam had gone through and it hits to close to home for comfort.If not, see this as a learning experience.Be open to other peopleBe open to new ideasand maybe humanity will be a little less hatefull and more loving"
,Recommended,232430,16785193,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Pretzelpalosa,"(mild spoilers, so read at your own risk!)So, there has been a lot of controversy about this game which I think is somewhat warranted. I got this game at 88% off, but many of the critiques have pointed out that you are paying $20 for about 90 minutes of content. And in that sense, I would agree - it is a very short game, and probably deserves an overall price cut to better match the amount of content currently available.I have also seen criticisms that state that it feels like ""Oscar bait"", in the sense that it deals with issues (LGBT rights, white family dynamics) that would resonate with viewers. These criticisms feel less justified to me - I think the story itself would work fine with any combination of demographic and/or lifestyle combinations.That being said, it manages to deal with LGBT issues in a serious and heartfelt way that should be commended. LGBT relationships are criminally under-represented in games, and I personally felt that the incorporation of those issues into the story did not feel forced at all. It seemed like a natural part of the storyline.Above all, the game sets out to do several things: tell a very personal story, provide environmental interactivity, and develop a sense of mystery. It does all three incredibly well. As you walk through the house, there is a feeling of foreboding, a sense that something terrible happened. But as the game progresses and you interact with what starts to feel like a more and more familiar environment, you unravel what happened. You quickly realize that nothing supernatural is at play; instead, the issues coming to bear in this game are much closer to home and much more poignant.Anyway, if you want a good story told in a very interactive manner, pick up this game while it is on sale. It was easily worth the ~$3, and I would certainly have paid more. But if you are looking for a traditional gaming experience (zombies, guns, fantasy tropes, etc.) then this game may not resonate as well as it could."
,Recommended,232430,16773015,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,hvsh,"A template for the future of point and click games. The embyronic framework applied here could go on to be great things, and i can't wait to play them. for now, i've Gone to a decent halfwayHome"
76561197974355391,Recommended,232430,16776755,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Elstren,"This is a good buy. But this is not a good game. Why? Because it's not a game. It's an experience. It has nearly no gameplay. Definitely no mystery. Just walk and experience the story that is told to you. I think it's great; but maybe you don't. So yeah I recommend it but only if you're sure of what you're buying: not a mystery game, not a puzzle game, but a narrative experience, akin to an audio book."
76561198069735211,Recommended,232430,18544014,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,DaHotFuzz,"Gone Home can be described as nothing short of a small gem which focuses on storytelling through point and click interaction.  Think of Dear Esther or the Vanishing of Ethan Carter minus the puzzle solving. The story is pieced together using physical clues you search for inside a house where the entire game takes place.  Clues come in the form of newspaper clippings, books, pieces of paper, personal memorabilia and other things in the environment that help you paint the story's picture.  Accompanied by these clues you hear the voice of Kaitlyn, the narrator,  who returned home from a trip abroad to find her sister Samantha missing; she tells the story as it unfolds after clues are discovered.This is not a long game by any means - around 2 hours so I would strongly suggest catching it on sale for no more than $5.  Overall, the plot isn't anything complex, however, for the short length this little game packs quite a punch and may even teach you a lesson or two.  Gone Home has a special charm it brings to the table and I think it delivers beautifully."
76561197963344530,Recommended,232430,15936003,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Desh Darkstone,"In this game you play as a girl named Katie that has come home from a long trip through Europe to find a seemingly empty house filled with clues on what happened to her absent family.   The house is filled with a story on what happened to her family while she was in Europe, and the story is discovered through notes and objects left throughout the house.There is a storm in the background and most rooms are very dark when you enter them, until you turn on the light switch.  It has a nice atmosphere.  Its gave me a nostalgic sense being home alone at night.This game is not action game - its all about exploring a mansion and uncovering a story. If that isn't your kind of game, then I don't recommend getting this game, but otherwise I would.The game is rather short... I completed it in about 2 hours.  So I would suggest picking it up during a steam sale(which is what I did)."
,Recommended,232430,15936895,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,retroflow,"Don't go into this game expecting P.T. or Amnesia, and I promise you won't be disappointed."
76561198024785322,Recommended,232430,15936636,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,MDF,A very short interactive experience with a good story.
,Recommended,232430,8727974,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,VRSoph,"Loved this game! Indie gaming at its best. A simple idea put together wonderfully via interesting game mechanics. It's a soft ride, I enjoyed taking my own pace around the house and looking at EVERYTHING. The story is marvellous, it really sucked me into Sam and her past and where she is now. Her relationship with Lonnie as a teenager realising her sexuality is something which is less often spoken about in games and as such immediately appealed to me. I only wish there was a game like this when I was descovering my own attraction for women to help me understand what I was feeling.I hope younger girls play this and feel some comfort. Would reccommend to anyone seeking a gentle no-brainer sort of game one evening to relax down and escape."
,Recommended,232430,13049601,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Fruit Flavored Taint,"This is a great immersive story game!  Has the Seventh Guest vibe with the mansion, but not puzzly in gameplay."
,Recommended,232430,23625592,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,JamesXGames,A beautifully written interactive story.
,Recommended,232430,23615396,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Tyranniac,The best game I ever played. A unique atmospheric experience that is well worth the price despite its short length. Best played with as little knowledge as possible of what it contains.
,Recommended,232430,33388896,Posted: 8 July,all,The Lord Kazzy,"Over all the story is not very interesting. It’s a simple little romance that gets telegraphed right from the start. The side plots lines are just as uninteresting. But the way the story is told is fantastic. This mediocre story told in such a way that its lack of depth is more then made up for. Over all this game is great, well worth playing."
76561198006397589,Recommended,232430,24844192,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Ztabi,Got this game on special on steam and was well worth it. Very interesting and kept me guessing about what had happened while I was away. Especially liked that the main character was a standard badass soldier type as is required for FPS's :D
76561198024969911,Not Recommended,232430,13757963,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Yendor,"Let me start by explaining what Gone Home is. It is a slice-of-life coming of age story told through diary entries and such. Similar to Dear Esther with a coherent plot.  Depending on how much time you spend moving plates from the cupboard to the floor, it will take 2-3 hours to explore everything.I am giving the game the thumbs down because I found the plot to be about on the level of a daytime soap opera - banal / sappy / cliched. I play video games in part so I don't have to think about family drama or real-life issues. To the Moon is a much more engaging story if you can accept the lower-resolution graphics. I would suggest that one instead.  Or play one of thousands of games with actual game-play."
,Recommended,232430,32039589,Posted: 29 May,all,Theo,Wonderful game that I took way to long to finally play.One of the few games that show how artful videogames can be
,Recommended,232430,14273775,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Bacondoughnut,"Tons of exploration to do, great graphics and, in my opinion, should be highly acclaimed for its ability to terryfy you without even being a horror game. Storyline is awesome."
76561198003550010,Recommended,232430,14305271,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Lamont,I felt so many feels that I got a restraining order agains the developers of this game for physical abuse.If you're heartless and don't care about human beings get the game anyways.
76561198018662985,Recommended,232430,14373111,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Zelink,I loved this. it made me cry <3 <3 <3
76561198056938893,Recommended,232430,14358520,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Doc Chicken,"Unsettling and beautiful. If you've got a couple hours to spend, check it out. TAKE YOUR TIME. The journey is the best part."
,Recommended,232430,16525195,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mondeladas [PT],"Great game, the story is so intense that you just want to keep playing until you found out what happened."
,Recommended,232430,16541250,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,xNeeTx,You love it or you hate it. You can only give it a try to know.
,Recommended,232430,16554588,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,sRd^-,"Very nice made, with a love teenage story behind it, but definitely don't buy at the full price!"
,Recommended,232430,23989599,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Kitts 2-307,"I mean, it exists."
76561198059706966,Recommended,232430,24906807,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,xsuffer,WOW. One of the greatest emotional payoffs that I encountered in games.The atmosphere of this game will suck you in if you get into it.It's amazing how near you come to the charakters with only reading and looking through their things.Only a few hours long and therefore perfectly paced.
,Recommended,232430,24865108,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Minion21g,Very engaging love story.
,Recommended,232430,28600435,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,modiculus ansero,this is so ♥♥♥♥ing good
76561198109525416,Recommended,232430,24012669,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,nasser-20011,This is the best story game i have played . 10/10 without quastions ;)
,Recommended,232430,28724507,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dresius,"Some might say that 20$ is a high price but I think it's fair.It's about the quality of the content, not the quantity.It's very atmospheric, kind of feels like an interactive book, so if you're into that kind of games then this might very well interest you."
,Recommended,232430,29528391,Posted: 27 January,all,[GG] Daniel,"The Good: Gone home presents an intriguing introduction, where you are sort of promised by the notes you find that your sister is in a lot of trouble, and she does not wish to be found. The notes are great and having different hand writing here and there is smart. Each character have their own way of writing and speaking, and Sam (your sister) comes of as a real person. The environmental storytelling is also great, especially the sisters room and thesecret passages around the house. Secret passageways are awesome.The Bad: Giving the player the wrong impression about the level of catastrophe and drama, I though it would turn into a horror game at one point but the ending, to the extent I could find, was less than dramatic.Take Away: Great use of notes and VO, but don’t build up to something you can’t deliver on story-wise.SECRET PASSAGES ARE AWESOME.Adding side-plots through notes worked great in this game, and is something more games should aspire to do. There was so much attention to detail when it comes to the story, and each area game you something new to take in."
,Recommended,232430,26974229,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Merricat,"Gone Home isn't about a space marine killing aliens. It's not about a morally bankrupt gangster finding the true meaning of family while slaughering anyone who crosses their path. You will not play a soldier in an infinite army in a flawed and ultraviolent renactment of a past or future war.Gone Home isn't a mind bending puzzle game that requires a GrandMaster level tactical thinking skill to beat. Or an arcade game that requires finely tuned reflexes.Gone Home is simply a game where you explore a seemingly empty home attempting to understand what happened before you got there, while being the opportunity to see their lives through the things left behind. If you are someone who is capable of reading the famous Six Word Story: ""For sale: baby shoes, never worn"" that is often attributed to Hemmingway and acutally feel something from it, then this is probably a game you would enjoy.But if you are looking for something more along the lines of a Micheal Bay movie, or the next Goodfellas. You should probably just move along."
,Recommended,232430,29975055,Posted: 16 February,all,a dog,Love this game. Amazing Storyline! I really love the feel of this game.Love is the key of the game. Make sure you pay attention to the storyline and the narroration.This really made me happy and understand how serious love is. Thank you for this game.
,Recommended,232430,29003126,Posted: 4 January,all,mccaw_14,awesome
76561198140572990,Recommended,232430,28605310,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,IamTheShaggyOne,"Not gonna lie, I almost cried while playing this. A simple game to play when its raining outside and you just want to relax a bit, I fully enjoyed the whole thing."
76561197989031785,Recommended,232430,24000263,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,⇖Esper⇘,"Gone Home had a really nice atmposhere to it, even thou it was abit short it still managed to have a good story to it! I would recomend it strongly."
76561198005895658,Recommended,232430,28687249,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Quiet vivant,"Great game, spooky at times. Great story and very believable setting. A very personal game."
,Recommended,232430,25741101,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,ISlayedBuffy,"A chill and short game that really does focus on exploring the story, and what a beautiful story it is. Totally worth the one or two hours it takes to finish."
76561198001071336,Recommended,232430,24639632,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,isthisyournacho,"I thought it was a great game.  You wander through this empty house and try to piece together what has happened.  I've been looking for something like this where you have to work with clues and solve puzzles.  Actually, the puzzles are extremely simple, it's really all about making sure you looked at and read everything.  I think the puzzles could've been more challenging and now that I think of it, there were 3 combination locks and I only opened one, so maybe there's more content?  They also create a couple storylines but really only finish/start one part of it.  I would love to see more!The story itself was great.  The voice acting was amazing.  Game flow was good.   Whole thing lasted 85 minutes for me."
76561198047307424,Recommended,232430,15733835,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Pope Francis,Why can't I hold all of these feels?
76561198004530621,Recommended,232430,8312036,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Sweet Trash Panda,"Highly reccomend this game.  Just a little clue finding, mostly just very well narrated and good story.  Everyone should play it, but play it alone, with no distractions.  Best to finish in one sitting.  Great game."
,Recommended,232430,22456272,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,zipr,Very well done. I was way more wrapped up in the story than I thought I would be. A refreshing change from most run-n-gun games I've played lately.
,Recommended,232430,19087955,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,roscostanton,"This is a game where you get to step into a teemage girls life,  that is all no more no less. No guns no killing. If that dusent intrest you then don't play it.    That being sayd the voice acting is amazing story is heartfelt and very memorable.   What it dous it dous perfectly"
,Recommended,232430,22412437,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,theCodeCat,"A short atmospheric game where you wander around a house and read notes to unconver the story.This is definetly not a game for everyone, but I quite enjoyed the 1 hour or so I spend on it, so maybe you will too.Is it worth $20?Perhaps not, but that really depends on how much you are willing to spend on games.I'm giving it a recommendation anyways based off of the gameplay, even if it's a bit overpriced."
76561198137344871,Recommended,232430,17993488,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Cthulusauce,"If you enjoy the ability to look through a characters room and investigate who they are through notes, posessions, etc; then this game is for you. If you like riot grrrl music, a personal story, and hours of investigation; this is for you. There are so many more stories than the ""main"" one, and each have their nuanced emotions. This game is exploration at its greatest, engendering the same emotions as when you are learning about a person through their house. It is amazing in its soundtrack, atmosphere, and style. Everything is smooth and there is replay ability for when youre in that perfect mood for Gone Home."
76561198038431989,Recommended,232430,17937832,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Noranni,"I played it in a sitting, but it was an interesting story. Short but interesting."
,Recommended,232430,17979815,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Ness199X,"Pros:-Excelently captures the feel of a real house-Fun to just wander around with the story turned off and marvel at the little detailsNeutral:-Graphics are pretty good for a Unity game, but that's kind of faint praiseCons:-Story feels a little forced/'Gamez Are srsbsns'-y-A bit pricy at its default price, worth $5 thoughScore: 8/10"
76561198004624253,Recommended,232430,18006454,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Geibys,"An alright game with a decent enough story, I only recommend this game if it's 75% or more."
76561197995599016,Recommended,232430,18287540,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Lillymy,Emotional and haunting.... Money well spent.
,Recommended,232430,7536442,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Midgard Dragon,To explain would be to spoil.  Play it.
,Recommended,232430,29912880,Posted: 13 February,all,Will_Eye_Yam,"One of the most engrossing single-player experiences I've ever had.I played this game in one sitting a few years ago on a rainy winter night. It was one of the best gaming experiences I've ever had, and it's stuck with me ever since."
76561198132270263,Not Recommended,232430,14141620,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Hahkil,"Totally disappointed.  You walk around an empty house, and the only interaction if literally open a drawer or flick a light switch.  Nothing else.  Imagine a game where they only designed the house inside, and that's it.  No ghosts, no enemies, no people.  Nothing.  Total waste of money, and a wasted opportunity.   And a waste of an hour hoping something would happen.  There are hundreds of better games out there.  This game should be free it's so bad.  I would never believe anything I read in reviews after seeing those publications giving it maximum scores!"
,Not Recommended,232430,13671784,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Drucila,"Way too short. Just as you're getting into it, bam done. Very predictable ending and you don't find out what happens to othe other characters. Meh. Not worth even the few dollars I got it for on sale. Needs more content."
76561198079141440,Not Recommended,232430,13614015,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Flymbo,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ ok first off this isn't a game. It plays out more like an interactive story. The  environment is nice, but the story becomes very predictable a little more than halfway through. If you can get this game for under $5 (which it is right now) then I would recommend doing it. If its more than that I would'nt waster your money. So thats the main reason I'm saying its not worth it. $20 for this, ♥♥♥♥ no."
,Not Recommended,232430,8369861,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Maddonious,"Honestly the story you follow has some great voice acting but sadly this is all there is to the game. 130 mins later you finish the game (or sooner)  with the thought of ""Is that really all"" racing through your head once the credits roll.You constantly hope that something out of the ordinary will happen. Perhaps you end up at a dark conclusion, supernatural hauntings (oddly mentioned several times in stories), or just someone who might be in the house. None of that happens.I do not see how this game won all sorts of nominees and awards for just telling a tale of a girl growing up with a pal that becomes more then just a friend......and happens to be the same sex...... yeah cause its so ground breaking in its story -.-.If I actually spent the $20 on this game (got for $6 during sale and still feel jipped)  I would be demanding a refund for massive lack of content due to the fact that one play through has everything. I could pay $20 for a full story instead of a few lines of dialoge (thats all the game amounts too).Highly recommend skipping this 5 sentence short story, with a ridiculous price, for lack of content. Don't be fooled by the shiny awards. There is no real game play to it.Fyi: 90s nostalgia ftw."
,Not Recommended,232430,15234855,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Maskass,Overpriced for what it is.
,Recommended,232430,7948220,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Miss Vakarian,"Gone Home is a game that comes along once in a lifetime, I went in expecting something completely different than it actually ended up being.  It is one of the few games that has caused me to cry at the end, I don't want to spoil the game at all so I will just tell you to go out and buy it.  Support the amazing people at Full Bright."
,Recommended,232430,27768741,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ArchKali,Life changing.
,Recommended,232430,27754882,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Steveox152,This game is a must play.  I wont spoil anything but it is one of the best expieriences I have ever had in gaming.
,Recommended,232430,23778863,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,veyonce,"chill game, literally only suspenseful if u are aware of the bury your gays trope... it is beautiful and a+ writing. buy it on sale tho it is short"
76561198267713949,Recommended,232430,25559309,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,beezyroc,"A little different than what I am usually am used to. Overall good game if you dont want anything that involves action and survival horror, but good game. At times the game may feel like something scary or frightening might happen it adds to the suspense. Game worth the $20 price tag? No, wait for a sale to happen,"
76561197995346624,Recommended,232430,25526448,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Hap,"The story unfolds as you explore and scavenge clue in this abandoned house discovering bit by bit the wherabouts of the family.A narration masterpiece with a superb atmosphere.Just Great, play it."
,Recommended,232430,25549253,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,360 christmass,"The game was very interesting, the story was so much fun to listen to. You should buy it, it was not hard at all, the house gives you the chills and it is beautifully made."
,Recommended,232430,25548771,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,feedingonwind,"Slow and quiet and atmospheric and beautiful and so very, very queer. Also, as has been widely mentioned, INCREDIBLE soundtrack. As a horror nerd, though, my favorite thing might be the way this game plays on horror tropes with incredible subtlety, creating a palpable tension that leads you through the whole game. Overall an excellent game, and I'm really looking forward to the next one the group puts out."
76561198247955400,Recommended,232430,25577220,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,heinrichs.terra,"I came into punk in my early teens through late-90s riot grrrl, so of course I enjoyed Gone Home. I'm trying to decide if it has broader appeal. Exploring the house was fun, it was dark and hard to see sometimes, and I was always waiting for the jump scare that never came. I liked piecing together the story of who this family is from the things I found. The mother, father, and both sisters are whole characters with their different things going on. In conclusion, what I thought was going to be a creepy and maybe bloody psychological horror game turned out being a love story that you read on a dark and stormy night. We can always use more games in the world full of women and girls who love and appreciate each other. Bechdel-test-approved!"
,Recommended,232430,25578462,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,DarkBoolen,"Its basically living out a personal moment in a teenager girls life, this personal moment is in the 90's and if you grown up there are pop culture posters, magazines, movie and concert tickets that will remind you of the 90's.  There isn't much of a game here though and even if it looks like it might be scary and creepy it never really reaches those scares that some might be expecting when purchasing this game.For the gameplay you walk around the empty mansion looking for clues on where your family is.  The story is that your a teenage girl getting home from a European trip.  When you get home to a new mansion that your family just happened to move into while you where away you find that no one is in the new home.  So you start looking through out the mansion trying to find clues on where everyone has gone.  You go room to room looking for any signs of your father, mother or younger sister.If I was to give it a star rating I would give it a 3 out of 5, and honestly thats with a curve.  The curve I'm giving it is because it is done by an indie developer and its done well for what we have here.  Its competetant and feels like the start of a young developer that might amaze us in the future.  The fact is the gameplay and the way they did this game is very minimalistic.  Your always in a 1st person view and you don't have to interact with any other people because your in an empty house.  If this game was done by a bigger developer I would expect more gameplay elements from it, there are no characters to interact with and your only inside the mansion, never outside it.  The fact is your just in an empty mansion, you can pick up a lot of items in the mansion examine them and uncover more and more of the new home that your character is unfamiliar with.It took me about 3 1/2 hours to finish the game, I did enjoy it to an extent but in the end its just an o.k. experience.  I also did play through it in one sitting, which is very rare for me these days.  I was starting to get bord towards the end though.  The fact is this is a calm little experience that really wont give you any scares.  Its definetly not the game to play when you want to have something highly interactive.  Its more of a story driven experience and not as adventour as a movie unfortunatly.  It could be more but its from a small developer and its done just enough for a small game/experience."
76561198043748472,Recommended,232430,13348147,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Venod,"An amazing game to me, I actually enjoyed exploring everything and trying to put the story together. Sadly, it's certainly not a complex story nor is it a very long game. If you can catch on a sale, most certainly worth a pick up, but not worth $20."
76561198091419662,Recommended,232430,13360264,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,demoth,"People that associate any first person game with a shooter should not really write that many reviews on how boring it was to run around the house skipping all the notes, audios, items, looking for mobs or puzzles. It's not a fast paced game, it's not a quest either, more of a interactive book i'd said. And what i liked the most, that this book is about nineties. The nieties. If you happened to live at that time - you lucky there is this game that will teleport you for an hour or two into that sweet world of your childhood or adolescence or whatever. Just try it.The bad point is that the game is short, i would really like to know more about the characters and the story.The good points are all the rest - music, graphics, world interaction (except you cannot jump)(just kidding)."
,Recommended,232430,13311944,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Zaki Imani,OMG LIKE REALLY OMG I CAN'T WAIT FOR A SEQUEL!! AAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!
,Recommended,232430,13313305,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,ничего не понимаю,"Gone Home is the single greatest game I have played in my life. Period.Some argue that it is not necissarilly a game in the fun gamey since of the term, and to tell the truth it is not. But if one looks at Gone Home as an experience to be learned from like film or books, it is imo the closest video games have ever been to being ""higher art"""
,Not Recommended,232430,16476957,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Daddy,"Personally really enjoyed the game, pretty prevalent aspects that most can relate to. Not worth more than sale price however. 2.49."
,Recommended,232430,13363706,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,ThatBritShadow,"This game was outstanding! The whole way the story was set out and how it was completely up to you to investigate was just the best fun, I would 100% recommend this game to anyone. 10/10"
,Recommended,232430,13339828,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,virginteen,its good
,Recommended,232430,13340226,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Xragon,"I really enjoyed this. The story was really nice and the experience of moving through the house and putting it all together was fun. Not sure if being creeped out was intentional or not, but then I guess if I came home and found the house abandoned I would be creeped out in real life too.Highly recommened :)"
76561197993353113,Recommended,232430,13352628,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,LETS GROOVE TONIGHT [Knife Crew],"A game experience like no other, emotionally rich and affecting. On par with Shadow of the Colossus and Dark Souls in terms of providing innovation in story-telling. Really can't say enough about this game, I haven't been able to shut up about it since I've played it."
,Recommended,232430,29592578,Posted: 30 January,all,Michelle,Please try this game if you enjoy powerful stories. I loved it!
76561198273267787,Recommended,232430,29621019,Posted: 31 January,all,Ugonhavabadtime,"This was a beautiful and well written story.  It was very sad to me, and the environment, like the characters, often felt empty.  And I don't mean to say the characters lacked depth or were poorly written - they all seemed so heart broken over something.  It's a story about love and family, though not told or played out in quite the way you might think.  The way the story unravels is brilliant, the environment was great (though it was spoopy) and the end was satisfactory.  I highly suggest playing Gone Home, though you may or may not want to bring a tissue box."
76561197979060327,Recommended,232430,29625048,Posted: 1 February,all,Thymmigugg,"Simplistic, atmospheric, and creepy. Short, but exceptionally heartfelt and touching. Probably not for everyone, but if you think you'll like a very streamlined version of a Myst(sans any crazy puzzles) or Syberia exploration mystery game, give it a try."
76561198041696079,Recommended,232430,29602683,Posted: 31 January,all,Spamster,"Gone Home isn't much of a game per se but for a narrative it's wonderful. The little touches of 90s nostalgia and the story are beautifully done. The atmosphere starts out a little creepy and then becomes somber. It's almost relaxing to walk through the house and discover bits and pieces of their life. My own gripe is that it's very short, but get it on sale and it's a wonderful way to kill a couple of hours."
76561197975019257,Recommended,232430,29613410,Posted: 31 January,all,[TMK] NeoSpartan646,Right in the feels.
76561198085488069,Recommended,232430,13562814,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Atomic Pheonix,"Amazing.I never thought a videogame could actually make me care about the characters. Everything was great,it was  heartwarming and the SOUNDTRACK WAS OUT OF THIS WORLD.I didn't know if I was Sam or Katie for most part of the game. Didn't matter.-10/10"
,Recommended,232430,13563026,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,grendell,"I feel like you get out what you put into Gone Home.  If you're looking for something to bash over the head, this is not the game for you.  If you're looking to lose yourself in a surprisingly deep story about a rebelling daughter, a few friends, a neglected mother, a frustrated father, and an estranged uncle, full of nuance, but requires you to seek out every small detail, then this is definitely the game for you."
,Recommended,232430,32822005,Posted: 26 June,all,Jackie Brown,"Nice little story about a young woman looking for her sister in their own house.Pros:- Good graphics- Interesting story- Nice exploration opportunities with various clues- Spooky atmosphere for those who like horrorCons:- Short, maybe too short (like 2 - 5 hours gameplay approx.)- Price: 20€ is too much. I got this on discount for 5€, but still unsure whether it was actually worth it- There is a bug that the mouse may not always be centered and this can cause hassle if you want to interact with objects. This may subsequently cause motion sickness- Linear story- One can get a bit lost while playing, figuring out what to do next but as soon as you get the hang of it it'll be self-explanatorySummarized: I will leave a positive recommendation, but it's not worth the 20€. Get it for 5€ or lower if it's on sale, and I'm pretty sure you'll enjoy your time.One more thing: This is not like Slender. Despite a spooky atmosphere you will not come across ghosts or any scary/nasty surprises. So don't worry."
,Recommended,232430,32978014,Posted: 29 June,all,evandavis47,"DO NOT PAY FULL PRICE!That said, It's fun searching through the house. Great atmosphere. Don't wanna say too much, but you probably already know by now."
,Recommended,232430,10785641,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,KANAL UGLER,"En eerie experience, with the rain and thunder sounds outside, it's an all but dull home to explore, I enjoyed the attention to detail in every nook and cranny and it really sparked my interest. A pleasant story with its scary moments  - get to playing this little niché!"
,Recommended,232430,10856435,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,FelineIntuition,"I was recommended this game by a large amount of people, and I'm glad it was. Despite that you can easily play through the entire game in under three hours, the story that the game has you play out has left more of an impact on me than games I've put hundreds of hours into. It's a simple exploration game, but each and every item and/or room that you interact with has the potential to tell an entire story. It's a rather emotional game, and it even has some very subtle creepiness to certain areas. Highly recommended."
76561198054159546,Recommended,232430,10858259,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Unicornslayerb,10/10 would feel again
76561197969229881,Recommended,232430,10868101,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Magpuller,"Steam reviewers were actually right. Pretentious, short and the devs should feel ashamed for charging people $20 for admission.I feel bad for those that paid full price."
,Recommended,232430,10871768,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Boo.,"First things first, this is not an normal game per say, there is no discernable gameplay evident.Do not play this game expecting it to be anything remotely similar to anything else you have ever played.So what is this then, you may wonder. This game wants to tell you a story, a story in exploratory game form.As you explore your family home, bits and pieces of infomation will be revealed to you as you explore its' depths and nosey around in people's stuff.The core story itself is not particularly amazing nor inspiring, however the delivery and excution made an otherwise unspectacular story seem particularly moving and touching.If you liked interactive storytelling games like Heavy Rain, you should definitely give this a try.TL:DR -Good storytelling through exploration. Play for the feels. Instant gratification buffs walk away now."
,Recommended,232430,10881496,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Dullbrand,"Excellent time spent, more like an interactive novel than a game. Cleared it in just over an hour but worth every penny"
,Recommended,232430,11159656,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,littlest sneeze,"Within a familiar (to many) 90's setting, the developers craft an engrossing story of family, love, and coming of age. The experience is visceral and complex. The game transcends the pretenses of mystery, nostalgia, and voyeurism to attain universality, a feat not often paralleled in video gaming. In literature, we make a distinction between trade writing and craft writing by labeling works that seek to progress the art as ""Capital 'L' Literature."" Gone Home shows that there is such a thing as ""Capital 'G' Gaming,"" as well. Gone Home should be played by all, especially those who desire to see what video gaming can be."
,Recommended,232430,11187035,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,REDBEARD,"An interesting take on gaming and narrative in general. This story propells you through a range of emotions as you play.  It's suspenseful, thoughtful, and leaves you wondering as the story unfolds."
,Recommended,232430,11223914,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,GunmadMadman,"I find that this game has offered one of the more beautiful and human experiences that I've had in 15 years of playing videogames.However, beautiful and human isn't for everyone, and considering that exploration was 100% of the enjoyment I had, reading any kind of detailed review will most likely ruins the experience."
,Recommended,232430,10471715,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Peewee Nipplepuss,"A refreshing take on story telling. Just sit back, relax, explore and be told a story."
,Recommended,232430,10487827,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Sammael,"This game is so absolutely strange. I was actually in a state of panic for the first bit, as I actually felt like I was snooping around someone else's home. Be sure that this is one you don't want to miss. Very emotionally engaging, and dripping with atmosphere."
,Recommended,232430,10810903,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Spooky Roobsie,Amazing omg i loved the whole story it was adorable
,Recommended,232430,10850708,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Dizzert,"Very short, but the soundtrack was lovely. The plotline was very well executed and bittersweet. I very much enjoyed this game and recommend it to everyone."
76561198126776233,Recommended,232430,10878239,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kai,"This game goes from mysterious to extremely sad and sweet. Zero replay value, however. Would reccomend for 90's GRRL nostalgia and people who are in ""very long 'phases' ""."
76561197990127206,Recommended,232430,10892508,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,JD9612,"Loved the story in this game, well worth the money"
,Recommended,232430,10896080,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,perfectingsilence,"Alright, so let me start off by saying that I've read many of the reviews for this game, and I agree with most of the points made, whether they be positive or negative.First, the cons of this game, though they honestly don't bother me and I think will serve more as a warning for other people. This game is rather short (it's taken me around 2 hours for each playthrough). The amount of time it takes you to finish Gone Home depends entirely on how in depth you get with your exploring of the house. For me, it seemed pointless to breeze through it, and so I looked at as many objects as I could. The good part about doing this is that it gives you the opportunity to really immerse yourself in the lives of this family.Another thing I feel I'd warn those debating buying this game about is the lag. Honestly, it really isn't bad (I've played a few games that have horrible amounts of lag); just a little bit here and there. This didn't bother me, and I found myself too into the game to notice it much. Still, those expecting absolutely perfect movement with no lag whatsoever may find themselves a little disappointed.Now, on to the fabulous aspects of Gone Home.The amount of thought and detail put into this game is astonishing. I feel the creators have really tried to make it to the best of their abilities. You can examine almost everything in the house, even the little objects that have absolutely nothing to do with the story. This feature helps to make the entire experience more realistic, and in my mind, a little more personal.Finally, I'd like to mention the true reason I find myself drawn towards Gone Home time and time again: its fantastic storyline. I'm not going to get much into the plot itself; I feel it's already been explained plenty in the other areas of this store listing. Rather than talking about its contents, I'd like to discuss how said content made this game into something magnificent. Everything about the story discovered within the empty house is absolutely amazing. This game has made me cry both times I've played it, and I felt a connection to the characters I wasn't neccessarily expecting. Also, the voice acting is breathtaking. I've fallen for this game, for sure, and continue to do so with each extra minute I play it. I honestly feel Gone Home can be played multiple times through (as I've done it without a problem), though I wouldn't recommend doing so without putting some time between each play through. Of course the first time playing it is the best, so do try to make the most of it.In conclusion, this game isn't one full of action, fight scenes, etcetera, though I'm sure you've already heard that. If you are looking for a game like, you're in the wrong place. However, if you are looking for a game that challenges the concepts of most video games, one that holds a truly beautiful story, and acting so brilliant it will make you genuinely laugh and cry, then you have found yourself the right game, because Gone Home will deliver those things."
76561198048380741,Recommended,232430,11172644,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Concoid,"I bought this game based on a friend's vague recommendation and I actually really fell in love with it! I loved being able to examine almost every single object I wanted to, and the setting of a 1995 home with a 1995 family was really interesting to explore. I loved all of the references, like Pulp Fiction and Clue and the X-Files.The only thing I didn't quite like about it was the length - or rather, lack thereof. It's a rather short game, and can be finished really quickly if desired. It only took me a couple hours or so to finish fully, and I know if I had known what I was doing, it would have taken me an even shorter time.Also, the entire game has this really creepy, horror-like atmosphere that makes you feel like every single door you open hides a murderer or a poltergeist. But there are no such terrors in the game at all; they're only eluded to with some books and a notebook filled with ""ghost"" sightings. It's a completely empty threat, and it left me a tad disappointed at the end because of it.But it also left me a tad relieved, too, because I was able to explore at my leisure without the fear of jump scares or a time limit.All in all, if you're all about exploration and the 90's and a family's beautiful and independent story with hints of ghosts but none at all, this is probably a decent game for you. I got it during the Steam Sale for maybe $5 or so, but I wouldn't spend $20 on it right now."
,Recommended,232430,11175392,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Xarus Lonestar,"Very short, but memorable game in the vein of Myst. Taking place in a foreboding, incredibly detailed house you are free to explore every square inch in order to piece together clues that reveal the story of a typical yet troubled family. Not much in the way of replay value, but again, a worthwhile once through."
,Recommended,232430,11188908,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Not Legato,"As many of you have probably figured from the game's extremely mixed reception, Gone Home is basically a story-driven exploration game in an ambient sense; where most of the story comes from the objects and notes in the environment, occasionally followed by narrated sequences of the diary-entries of a teenage girl called Samantha (Sam).Mechanically, the game is slightly poorly optimised, but as it's barely vital in a game like this, I'll let it slide.Trying to search for every little piece of writing around the house (which you are confined in, unfolding the series of events in Sam's life) is somewhat tedious, really, but not overwhelmingly so. I spent around four hours in the game, because i scoured everywhere quite methodically. Realistically, the game is around two to three hours long, so it might be wise to wait for a sale with the price being as high as it is.Now for the writing, voice-acting and atmosphere.The narration is excellent- in fact even some of the best I've heard. Along with the writing. It portrays a pretty cheesy story structure, but is presented in such a genuine fashion- you can really see there was heart put into this project. The little notes, pictures and slips of paper really show well what's going on in the house, though the parts about Sam's parents aren't nearly as thrilling, mainly focusing on work. But they all add nicely to the atmosphere, which, unfortunately can be a little strained due to the player scouring every little nook and cranny. I'd suggest looking up some stuff you missed after completing the game, as certain bits of dialogue are very, and I mean, VERY cryptic to get.Personally, I think the emotion carried through the narration, the amazingly well done ambient soundtrack that played along them and the general setting of the game all make for an experience I'm glad I didn't miss. Even if the product was a little short and pricey. Money well spent on a sale.(Also the 90s vibe you get off this is very enjoyable!)"
,Recommended,232430,11217363,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,fastpath,"I recommend this game, because it conveys the following workout results:You will(re)develop the patience to READ TEXTS.always remember, what you played on that evening.feel your heart sometimes.disover the story of a typical(?) american family in the 90s.listen to akward 90s punk rock.relive some memories of your youth.HAUNT A GHOST!!!!!And all this in just 3 hours at one special evening, cut off from the outer distractions.Enjoy your training efforts and don't give a cow on ""What is a game??"" :)"
76561198014916777,Recommended,232430,11295607,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Armyantmatt,"Not really a point and click adventure, more of a guided story. Gone Home more than makes up for its lack of interactivity with its compelling story and excellent characterization and voice work. There are a few different threads to follow in this game and it proves a very satisfying tale."
76561197999498325,Recommended,232430,11297835,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,guitarzankr,"It's like living inside a Beach House song or being a character from a long lost film starring Molly Ringwald.  I've never felt so connected to fictional characters since I saw the film Blue is the Warmest Color.  After playing it, you will wish you could write the main characters a letter and check up on them every once in a while to see how they are doing."
76561198011019587,Recommended,232430,13825900,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,[UCSC] KaraThrace,"I really enjoyed this game, and found it rewarding enough on replay to share it with friends and family. However, it is relatively short for its non-sale price."
,Recommended,232430,9160287,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,ᶜᵒᶫᶫᶦᵈᵉʳ ˢᵉᶰᵖᵃᶦ,"Alright, I thoroughly enjoyed this game. But, by the end I was feeling antsy and restless and just wanted to find out about the family. It was a good hour and a half( that's with my ""lets explore!"" attitude), i'm sure you could get this whole game done in 20 if you tried a speed run. DON'T BUY AT FULL PRICE! ONCE AGAIN DON'T BUY AT FULL PRICE! WAIT FOR IT TO BE HALF OFF! It's good, not full price good."
,Recommended,232430,9199123,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,mac,feel good story of the year. apparently people who play games don't like feelin good tho.really nice music.
,Recommended,232430,9204462,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Sheepdog,"Gone home was a very interesting piece of workIt essentially describes coming home to an empty house and finding things have changed, and as you go around rummaging throught the house, a picture builds in your mind as to what happened.The sounds and lighting do a very good job of building a certain emotional state, and the story, while simple, is quite honest and touching.Instead of watching a movie tomorrow, play through this game.Shouldn't take more than a few hours, and it'll be something you'll remember."
76561197982476000,Recommended,232430,9308753,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,zombie a gogo,A short but sweet first person interactive story set in the mid 90s that's best played with little or no prior knowledge of the game.
,Recommended,232430,9384696,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,LeafyGreenCarl,Surprisingly Awesome
,Recommended,232430,9464078,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Violent Cop,"After hearing the constant buzz about 'Gone Home' I finally decided to purchase it and I couldn’t be happier that I did. I’ve played it twice, once without commentary and once with - it was inspiring to hear the love and dedication coming from the people who participated in making ‘Gone Home’, their input added a whole new level of intimacy to what it already had. It also made me smile more than any other game has, from things like the Christmas Duck, Zines, cassettes from amazing bands like Bratmobile and Heavens to Betsy being left in certain areas to Chun Li’s moves being written down on a small piece of paper. Touches like this is what makes ‘Gone Home’ unique. The story is the centrepiece of ‘Gone Home’ and while it wasn’t the longest game I’ve played, the ending left me with a bittersweet feeling I hadn’t felt since Journey.I can’t say I’d recommend it freely, as I don’t know you/your experiences, you may hate that you paid for this and come to blame my review for somehow talking you into buying it, but do what you will, if it sounds like your kind of thing, buy it. If not, don’t, it doesn’t matter, because I got a great experience out of ‘Gone Home’ and I’m happy with that."
76561197971428711,Recommended,232430,9638479,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Vault Boy,"While only four or five hours of ""gameplay"" makes up the story to Gone Home, I found it to be engaging and well written."
,Recommended,232430,9698595,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Red_5,"I had heard about this game and the people who made it via magazines and the internet. If you're not familiar with these new type of 'non-game' things then basically they are games in which you explore the environment and discover bits of the narrative as you go along. There is no killing and blowing things up, looking in the wrong place for that.Anyway i thouroughly enjoyed the time i spent playing gone home. I recommend it!"
,Recommended,232430,9787971,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Aoifers,"A fairly simple exploration game with a good story.  Music, graphics and lighting combined very well to create the atmosphere."
76561198134007460,Recommended,232430,9999042,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,san_diego_1989,"Normally, I would never have been interested in a game like this, but when I first read about this game I was intrigued. I finally got my computer set up and ready for gaming again and this is the first game I am playing. It is one of the greatest games I have ever played. I love the story, the environment, the characters (especially Sam), and the gameplay. I couldn't stop playing this game and when I had to stop to go to work, all I could think about was getting back to play it. I really connected with everything about this game, which is probably why I liked it so much. I recommend this game to anyone who likes a good character driven story. Thank you Fullbright Company for making this game."
76561198044085914,Recommended,232430,10473187,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,gokeith,Beautiful.
76561198064771148,Recommended,232430,10784255,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,UnknownWolf,Interesting but kind of intense.
76561197990617535,Recommended,232430,10803198,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,skelch14,"Gone Home, as the user-defined tags suggest, is a 'walking simulator' and an 'interactive story' and not really a game, per se. Gone Home is atmospheric and moody, with a compelling plot that hints at (and reveals, if you pay close attention) a much deeper story than the one presented superficially. It is certainly a title worth playing for the few short hours it will take to complete.However, though it won a ton of critical acclaim and awards, in my opinion Gone Home didn't quite deserve all of the accolades thrown its way. There is nothing really new about Gone Home. In fact, it's based off the Japanese game 'The Royal House Haikyo'.There weren't any moments where I went ""Wow, that was really neat!"" or ""Never saw that before!"". It's actually quite predictable and quite plain. Don't get me wrong; it executes very well. But I was playing point and click adventure games similar to this in the 1990s. I think it primarily gained it's attention from being such a refreshing change of pace rather than being anything revolutionary, though those with younger or shorter memories may have a 'New To Me' experience.Do yourself a favor and play Gone Home. But do yourself a bigger favor and temper your expectations."
,Recommended,232430,10805742,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,yHaNw,"Although i can see there's a lot of hate in the game. i would still recommend this game.The game is about you ""Katie"" coming home from a trip, and arriving at the new house your family just moved to recently. the strength of this game doesn't come from it's gameplay or superb soundtrack. The strengh of the game is from the subtlety of how it present the story to you, the player.Yes, the game is really really short, around 2 hours long. (recommend you to grab it during sales) However, with just 2 hours of gameplay you feel like you want to get to know these characters. It's a story that's relatable and easy to understand.p.s:- I can't really give a synopsis of any kind, as that will spoil the story.Pros:- The story is really good, it makes you wonder sometimes to what happened to the character after the story ends.- Interesting way to tell the story of the game, via notes, letters, etc.- The game was set in the 90s, it gives a sort of nostalgic feel to how people communicated last time when social media didn't exist.Cons:- The house itself is a bit eerie, but i guess that's to give the mysterious feeling.- The walking speed is quite slow in the game, which makes it annoying when you're trying to get to 1 point to another.- The lighting in the game has some error, for example, i went inside a cloesetroom, close the door and switch off the light. i was still able to see the items inside. While in reality, it should be near pitch black.TLDR:- The game is worth grabbing, however!!! it is not for everyone, get it if you enjoy a good story that will be revealed to you slowly. It is slow and short journey, but it's a nice one nonetheless."
76561198069402757,Recommended,232430,10812601,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,FishyBob111,"I will only recommend this game if you can get it for $5 or less, like I did.  I love a game that's story, but if it can be beaten in roughly an hour, I don't want to spend $20 on it.  The price was really my only probelem with the game.I don't want to get into the story, but I did enjoy it; it was interesting find out about this family and in the end I was really happy for Sam.So yeah, if you can nab this for less than $5 go for it.  Just don't pay full price or you're going to be severely disappointed."
76561198043386667,Recommended,232430,10816610,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Thmboll,"From the get go I was able to be pulled into the atmosphere and gradually grew more and more attached to Sam as the game progressed. Ultimately I dreaded reaching the ending.While short I feel it ended at a reasonable point, so I'll be waiting for the next game like this."
,Recommended,232430,10817009,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,sufjanstevens,This game is one of the most beautiful things I've ever experienced. Get the game on sale though.
,Recommended,232430,10851361,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,"Get ink, shed tears.",An immersive six hours of gameplay.  Wonderful scripts and characters with depth.  The environment was beautiful.  Would definitely recommend.
,Recommended,232430,10857194,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,InfiniteMans,"A realistic exploration of a family home becomes a sometimes creepy, often moving game of discovery. Examining what otherwise might be mundane objects becomes an intruiging exploration of your family's life, dreams (broken and otherwise), and inner turmoil. Innovative and compelling.Best Christmas Duck - 10/10"
,Recommended,232430,10884155,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Baron,"My first thought of Gone Home when I saw it on the Steam Summer Sale was that it looked like a type of Amnesia I'd actually enjoy; no jumpscares, monsters, or death, and a calm environment to solve puzzles in.Not only did Gone Home offer this (okay maybe there could have been more puzzles but I'll go onto that later) but it added a huge (yet crammed into a short amount of time) storyline, and a huge amount of feely feels.A lot of people complain about the shortness of the story, and yes, I completed it in one sitting, but I made sure to look at everything, find everything to be found and just immerse myself in the story, which at the end of the day, I like to do.I'd describe my gametime almost like that of a film, there was an introduction, a climatic mid section, and the feely finale.As I mentioned before, there could have been more puzzles, and you spend a lot of the time just following linear paths to your next location, however, what this game lacks in puzzles it makes up for in narrative.Gone Home may not require you to think hard and solve puzzles, but you can still examine the beautifully created world (with amazing sound, graphics and voicing) and group together all of the little extras that they've hidden around the world, such as hints towards the parents' life rather than that of Sam.Overall I would recommend this game to almost anyone, and I have to admit, it's possibly the best game I've ever played, and for anyone with a bit of time free on their hands, I'd tell you to go and download this game, and just play it, and enjoy it."
,Recommended,232430,10887043,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,NoirGeek,"This is a beautiful, well crafted, heartfelt story. STORY not GAME. An interactive story nonetheless, but there is very little choice, no replayability, and no challenge. Therefore, not a game. If you purchase this game at it's regular price of $19.99 you will absolutely be back writing a bad review after the 1 hour play time. At $2.99 it is a well crafted indie period piece that once completed was a fun experience. I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,232430,10894206,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sanzi,"Well I'll try to keep this short and to the point. The game is short, took me about 2 hours to complete. It's not a horror game, though it might seem like it as you progress through the story. Set in the 90's you have lots of 90's stuff, and though I didn't grow up in the heart of the 90's, it made me have an appreciation for what life was a while ago. Back to the game, lots and lots of things you can look at, or read. It was cool, but I think it would have been a nice spice if there actually was a small part to the horror. Anyways I enjoyed this game, though I would not pay $20 for it, thankfully I picked it up during a flash sale of the summer sale for like $3. I'd pay $5 for it too, maybe $10, but not $20. All in all it's enjoyable, I wish that I could have interacted with more things though, like actually find the game console, and play it. I'm not sure if it was just one of the trailer's elements or actually in game and I just didn't find it. Also an element that shows progress would be nice.It's enjoyable, gets you thinking about the plot as you play. Buy it if you want to for full price, but like many others, I think it's only worth $5 or $10."
76561198049210946,Recommended,232430,9164198,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Prince of Denmark,"Only about two or three hours long, but an amazing game in that Artsy sort of way."
76561198125289257,Recommended,232430,9185611,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,larkmus,"I thought Gone Home was an enjoyable way to spend two or three hours, exploring the house and gradually unraveling the story of the family. It is not a shooter, puzzler, gather-your-party-and-fight (anything) kind of game. If you are looking for those things, this is not the game for you. It is, however, a nice little mystery and I found it a refreshing change of pace."
76561198061442051,Recommended,232430,9251161,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Jesse,Never played a game like this before. Just exploring a house and finding out details about the family. Strangely satisfying and a lot of relatable stuff. Also the nostaglia of the 90s to explore in the house is great too.
76561198041544708,Recommended,232430,9370120,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,verbatimword,"Short, but so very memorable. Very much worth playing."
,Recommended,232430,9380874,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Justinsipod3,Wow. I can't remember a game that left me with this much emptiness. Just play the game. Don't look into anything. Fantastic game.
76561197974761049,Recommended,232430,9675431,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,nemo_annonymous,"Gone home isn't a puzzle game, so much as a empathic experience presented in the form of an event-gated first person story.  You'll need quiet to be able to properly enjoy this, since you'll only get out, emotionally, what you put in, and audio is a must, as the voice acting is both top-notch and integral to the presentation.  If you would have liked Bioshock with more audiologs and no splicers, or are a fan of the David Thewlis movie 'Besieged', or just want something more literary than the usual run/gun/match-three that usually comes to mind under the guise of 'video gamimg', Gone Home is definitely worth it."
,Recommended,232430,10812826,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,GTANJ,"It's not really a game, but it is really good at creating an encapsulating environment. The story is decent, but I wouldn't pay more the $5 for this game because you can beat it in 2 hours by just taking your time. Overall, it's pretty good."
,Recommended,232430,10815486,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Force of Nature,"Honestly ♥♥♥♥ the negative reviews this game will have you attached to the characters and the story for days after you complete, you won't be able to think about this game without getting upset. 9/10 must play, but it is rather short for $20 wait for a sale"
,Recommended,232430,10815505,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kaien,"not worth the full price, Would say its worth it with a sale on for a few pound - its really not worth anymore.Nice piece of interactive storytelling, was intereresting to piece together the story. but incredibly short. finished in 1hr 30mins first play through.not on the same level as games like heavy rain and beyond 2 souls. but cheap its worth a play through in my opinion. Might be a bit sexist but seems like a game women would enjoy more than men, lots of talk about feeling etc.I'm also one of the people that read the rave reviews about this game, was expecting more to be honest."
,Recommended,232430,10856260,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,MaxFNPower,"Amazing!  Thats all I can say, I was genuenly moved."
,Recommended,232430,10857932,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Co-op,"A msut have game for anyone who has 2 horus to spare and likes a story driven game. It has a creepy atmosphere without any jump scares, and this game really gets you thinking about things in life. It will affect you emotionally and you will enjoy it. take the leap and buy it."
,Recommended,232430,10892968,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Vaehan,"On the surface, this game is much like ""To The Moon"" because it's a short exercise in story telling.  But the thing is, it's well worth the journey.  (But maybe not $20.00...  Wait for the sales!)Gone Home has a pretty good emotional pull and has enough to keep you going until the end.  There were some storylines that didn't seem to jive, but overall I recommend this!"
,Recommended,232430,10894450,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DirkBelig,"Just finished ""playing"" Gone Home. The reason for the quotes is because it's not really a game as much as a guided interactive narrative story. You are a 21-year-old girl who's gone home (heh) in June 1995 from a lengthy trip across Europe to find the huge family home empty with a note on the door to not look for your younger sister.As you walk around you can pick up objects (most are irrelevant) and read many, many notes and letters; listen to cassettes; hear what seem to be audio diaries from your sister as she tells a tale of her falling in love. As you discover secret passages and learn about supposed ghosts, the tension builds and the ""game"" frequently gets spooky.While game critics have fallen all over themselves to shower Gone Home with effusive praise, a LOT of gamers are hating on it pretty hard. Part of it is because many gamers are caveman mookheads who are used to shouting profanities at their Madden Warfare peeps and a story where you aren't the real protagonist that deals with grunge-era riot grrrls and middle-aged marital and life troubles doesn't interest them.A greater part though is that it is an extremely short experience, taking no more than 2-3 hours to complete. For a game that retails for $20 - it's currently $5 on Steam; I got it for $3 on a Flash Sale - that doesn't really have you do much more than walk around looking at stuff, that's a hard sell. (The excellent Spec Ops: The Line is another example. It takes about 6 hours to beat and at $60, that's a terrible deal, regardless how good the story is. However for the $6 I paid on sale, it's a must-play.) Other than a couple of locked areas that need combinations to open, there's almost no ""gaming"" in Gone Home.I was fascinated by how they laid out the story and understand why screenwriters I've heard talk about it enjoyed it. While it sets out a clear trail for you to follow, it relies on you to pick up the crumbs and understand the loaf they fell from. (OK, that's a yellow card for terrible metaphors there.) I think I missed a few things judging from the reviews and videos I looked at elsewhere; I never found one safe's combo. The way some things are scattered around are clearly for storytelling than logic's sake and the way the sister's journals are presented doesn't make sense until the very end and even then doesn't make total sense.That said, if you can pick it up for cheap (like $3) and you understand what you're signing on for (i.e. not a GAME game) and you want to hear some Bratmobile, then you might want to give Gone Home a home in your home's game collection. (Suck it, Gene Shalit!)EDIT: I just realized there's a Commentary Mode. I'll have to cherk that ert."
,Recommended,232430,11111718,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,RadioactiveKitten,"I wished they went into the whole ""house is haunted"" concept more, but the storyline is really cool if you FULLY explore the whole game."
76561197961640104,Recommended,232430,11123422,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,enZ,"Be aware of what you're buying, as this isn't really a game.  But it shows how interactive software can tell a story, really well.  Mostly uninteresting story, but excellent presentation."
,Recommended,232430,11124331,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,CastYourDemons,"This game. The feels.So queer. A little spooky because storms and flickering lights and creepy hidden passages,but it's wonderful. I got it during the summer sale and I'm glad I did because it was funtrying to figure out what happened to Sam."
76561198095048573,Recommended,232430,11125357,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Miss Gray,"I just played through the game in about 2 hours and I admit that I rushed it.Not because it wasn't worth savouring, but simply because I needed to know how the story would go on and I knew I couldn't go to bed before finding out. It's brilliant in it's simplicity and yet tricky enough to stay exciting and fun to play.The storyline is wonderful and touching and thoughtful and so many other things that I can only recommend to take the time and play it yourself to find out. I promise you won't regret it."
76561197971197921,Recommended,232430,11126804,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Taekwondonut,-Double jump isn't high enough-End boss was hard10/10
76561198013802509,Recommended,232430,11207266,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,ghoti,"One of the greates non-game games I ever played! Very emotive, very touchin, and a tiny bit voyeuristic, but 100% cool. Just right!I'm very glad that there are people who enjoy exploring 'gaming' in the broad sense for creative and interactive engagement with the participant/gamer - this just makes me thrilled what others, and indeed, Fullbright COmpany will deliver in the future!"
,Recommended,232430,11213691,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,The Wizard of Loneliness,feels train
,Recommended,232430,11331431,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,NameInVain,A bittersweet interactive story is the best way I can think to describe it. Very short so it would be better to wait and buy it during a sale.
76561198025181769,Recommended,232430,10152521,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Gimboid,"Fantastic game, about the length of a feature movie to complete, but more rewarding than the movies I've seen in a long while."
,Recommended,232430,10476566,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,renandemais,Good story! Good game! Buy it!
,Recommended,232430,10477915,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,daedalist,"I might be one of the last to have finally pulled ""Gone Home"" off the to-do pile. I really wish that I'd gotten to it sooner. If you hadn't played it, and are looking for something a little different, I recommend it highly. But definitely don't read anything else about it. Just play it blind.﻿"
,Recommended,232430,10796507,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Cronus,"Good story, very unique game! But i think this game is overrated."
76561198079465248,Recommended,232430,10799509,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Parzival221,"For me, going through the house and finding snippets of information was fun. The atmosphere and music created an extremely immersive environment that I was able to easily get lost in. But it isn't for everyone. The gameplay is minimal and attention is focused on the narrative and exploration side of games. If you enjoy games with a narrative focus, like To the Moon, or gameplay focused on exploration ,like Proteus or Dear Esther, then you will probably enjoy this."
,Recommended,232430,10805513,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,"Nathaniel Q. Bradford, Esq.",Best 2 hour game since Journey.
,Recommended,232430,10813417,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,AbbyDoll,"The feels are real with this one.   6/10, would [kind of] recommend.  The story is awesome and cute as heck, only real con: it's fairly anticlimactic.  Would need to place value in the plot/themes of games, over most other elements, to truly enjoy it"
76561198035691496,Recommended,232430,10816362,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Gille-Luce,loved it...got it on sale...not worth 20$ but for 5$ it's a must
76561197972940430,Recommended,232430,10846724,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,marrinerboyd,A brilliantly constructed game!
,Recommended,232430,10846838,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Grim,Made me cry like a little girl. 10/10
76561198045816785,Recommended,232430,10859395,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,LordJerry,"Absolutly one of the most ingrosing plots ive played in quite some time. The game manages to draw you in with an initial creepieness which soon fades to the background as you become more concerned with finding the next little audio log to keep the story moving forward. Alongside the one main plot there are two other subplots, told through materials found and read rather then audio logs like the main story. If you do play this game, and I should hope you do, set asside a block of time. two hours should be good and just play the game all the way through. It looses some of the emotional impact if you leave halfway through and then come back after a period of time.On to the negatives. This is less so a game as it is an interactive storybook. There arent really 'mechanics' to speak of and for those who play games soly for the rush this game is absolutly not something you should pick up. The game is also fairly linear with it being fairly easy to see where you have to go and almost no real puzzles to speak of. There also is not a ton of replayability to the game. Once the story is told, its told. though this could just be because im not a person who rereads books .In summation, absolutly recomended if you enjoy an engrossing and touching plot to hit you right in the 'feels but dont expect an adrenalin packed exploration game."
,Recommended,232430,10862435,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,The Ace Man,I loved playing this game. The detail that went into designing each room is increadible. The story made me cry. The game just pulls you in.  If the game is on sale for $5 or below do yourself a favor and snatch it up. Word of warning do not pay more than $5 though.  The game will last you an hour at best. But it's one hell of an hour.
76561198049104681,Recommended,232430,10872372,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,KRISPIES69,"This game made me feel feelz. It only lasted a few hours though, and that was with a lot of trolling around, messaging friends, getting up, cooking, and eating while still in game. It's a great idea for a game, I only wish there was more to it. It's as if it was only the tutorial part of the the game or only the pilot episode of series they never continued. It wasn't very difficult either. You just had to touch everything, no crazy puzzles. I'd only recommend it if it's on extreme sale. I got it for 3 bucks and for that I'll say it was worth it. Anything more I'd probably say don't waste your money. If you want to know what happens, I'm sure YouTube will know."
,Recommended,232430,10872809,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,BubblyOasis,"As a Narrative Designer, I've been studying this game to find out what's working well for it and what's not.After perusing the reviews page on here, it seems that most people were expecting this game to be something it wasn't. It seems a lot of them mistakenly believed it was a horror adventure game with spirits or dead bodies. The spookiness of the house stuck constantly in a severe storm answers why that happened. If this took place in the day time it would be a much different atmosphere. Traveling through the dark house by yourself can be very daunting if you've played a lot of horror games. I found myself a little jumpy, even though full-knowing there is no combat, no ghosts, no other presence in the house. Part of this is the Oscar subplot in which Sam believes his ghost is haunting the house. That little bit may have also encouraged players to expect supernatural activity. There's also the creepy voice-mails left by Lonnie which sound like she may be in danger. Then there's the ""blood"" (hair dye) in the bath tub. It seems really unnecessary and compounding the problem of making it seem like a game it's not.So bearing that in mind, how do we approach this game? Reading through the store page, it's clear. This is a story exploration game. You're given a house full of clues and you have to put them altogether to view the story as a whole.Many people will not enjoy this. They need something faster paced that has traditional gameplay elements. For me, as a writer and an explorer at heart, I absolutely love this game.Have you ever wanted free reign to explore a house from top to bottom, searching every nook and cranny to get a view of what a family's life is like? Then this game is for you.Personally, I felt like a detective and had a blast scouring each room and hallway for clues. Some of them were hidden in plain sight, but there were many hidden secrets that made my efforts worthwhile. I really enjoyed the story in its simplicity and focus on characters. Actually, for me, I wanted more story! I was expecting a huge blow-up between Sam and her parents. I'm still not sure why they left the house - I suppose it was for the couples retreat, but it's never very clear what day it is in the game (or perhaps I didn't put enough dates together from all of Katie's data).I'm a fan of point-and-click adventure games from the 80s and 90s, so this was like a 3D version of that. Whenever I played those games I would try to click on everything just to see what the game would say or how the player character would react. This had a ton of personal touches like that.<Spoiler ahead!>Perhaps the most frustrating part for me was when I found a note in the basement. I had only been reading it for a few seconds before the game threw it back on the floor and Katie said ""Nope."" I couldn't pick it up again. Now I get they're trying to inject character into the game, but at least let me read it completely and THEN have her not pick it up again. I thought I had missed something important but didn't want to play through the entire game again just to read one note. I looked the note up here on community and it wasn't even vulgar or explicit at all. I'm not sure why they wanted to take it away, but I guess it's an artist's choice.</End spoiler>All of the vocal content is well-acted, but it's strange that we're hearing Sam speak when we don't have the physical diary entry to read, so it's just like her disembodied voice is automatically coming through your brain. How do we know that's what she was thinking? At first I thought it was Katie speaking her thoughts, so that was a little confusing. However, once you understand it's Sam and accept a bit of suspension of disbelief, it's very thought-provoking and haunting. At the very end we find the entire collection, so one could suppose the game is delivering them so we don't have a giant exposition dump at the end of the game. In which case, that's very appreciated.The ending disappointed me a little. I really wanted to actually meet another character in the game, even if it was just over the phone. I really wanted to call Sam. Judging by her last note, it seems that I missed her by only a few minutes. Why wouldn't she call back again? Afraid to get the parents - no, they're on their trip and it's the middle of the night. I suppose that's part of the meloncholy-ness of the game. She's gone and there's nothing you can do about but come to terms with it. Poor Katie gets to deal with all the backlash from the parents complaining about Sam suddenly leaving forever. I would imagine Katie would move out herself soon afterward. It would be too awkward to be there.It's interesting to watch other people play. Some people tend to put things back where they go (me), some people gather items and orgranize them. Some people leave all the lights on and all the secrets wide open. It makes you wonder if Katie wouldn't just leave after experiencing this. Would she leave all the answers open for her parents to view, or would she reset it and make them go through the same process. Would it be any easier for them? Probably not. I'm not sure they could. I tend to think Katie would keep Sam's secrets hidden, especially because of the note saying ""Don't tell them"" or something to that effect on the door.I also wanted to find a photo with the girls and Mitten the cat, haha! We never see what Mitten looks like, just find its collar.Overall, this game isn't exactly innovative with its simple find the combinations and the keys to unlock the doors, but the story is really strong and for me it is a lot of fun to have full control over the house and just do what I want with it without having to worry about another character stopping me.The story itself is very simple, but the sincerity in how it's delivered and all of the intimate details really make it come to life. Sometimes all you need is a simple story. Those are the ones people remember the best.My favorite narrative items were the stories of Captain Aurora and the First Mate. Reminds me of the fiction I used to write as a teenager. You can really tell a lot about a person in the stories they write. I almost wanted to see some writing from the father as well. We found some tidbits of Oscar's and his was very interesting in a ""Flowers for Algernon"" short-of-way.Overall, I really enjoyed this game. I stayed up late last night playing it and wanted to finish but was falling asleep at my keyboard and bumping into the walls, haha! This morning I was much more refreshed and able to finish it properly. Turns out I missed one door and a whole section of the area with the laundry room and the conservatory.Okay, so TL;DR?If you like exploring and digging through endless chunks of subtle backstory, this is your game. If you want something more exciting, filled with action, don't bother. This is a simple slice of life story, not some supernatural action adventure.A Lesson for Developers: Don't brand your game as something it's not. Present it in an honest way.To the people who complain about the price: People tend to really devalue games nowadays because there are so many you can get for free. Remember, this is an indie developer. They worked hard on this game, and it cost money to make - especially with the costs for having studio-quality audio and paying their employees. They also put their hearts into it. Don't expect them to sell their work for cheap because some AAA studios can. If you're really tight on money, wait for a Steam sale."
76561198129823036,Recommended,232430,10877350,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,beto,It was an amazing experience. Very spooky and great atmoshere. i was ready for anything to pop out at me. Deep and rich storyline. Cant wait for another one. 10/10
76561198067453194,Recommended,232430,24276876,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,KroeboCop,"A sad, but good story. Worth buying then it is on sale, because it's very short. 7/10"
76561197970321891,Recommended,232430,24282643,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,skycamefalling,"For me, this was one of the most intense game experiences ever.With a minimalistic approach it managed to put me in a state of constant uneasyness. I wanted to explore what's going on and I couldn't stop until I reached the end.Short but great and absolutely recommended!"
,Recommended,232430,8324395,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Latin Hobbit,"Gone Home is an incredible experience, a very moving story. While it might barely even qualify as a game, it also wouldn't have worked if told through any other medium.Highly recommended"
76561198012766739,Recommended,232430,24420786,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Zonnenbergz,Fantastic story
76561198178014979,Recommended,232430,24417730,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Mr. Taruf,"It really is short, but it's super intense.Although it's ""just"" a walking simulator, the story gets you glued to the screen.I was tricked several times about what really happened in the house."
76561198074511647,Recommended,232430,24435429,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,andymavsfan2,Great story and atmosphere that connects with you in ways you don't expect.
76561198236865180,Recommended,232430,25302991,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Beedog1221,Interesting story
,Recommended,232430,25336147,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Vince,Beautiful
76561198022079333,Recommended,232430,24400173,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Geo,I conditionally recommend this game: At summer sales price it was quite a steal. At full price - not so much:The story is short: I don't skip through games and finished in under 2 hours.The story is good: I won't say much more but I liked the story - and the way it is told. I am partial to 'no-stress' walking simulator style games so this was right up my alley...Get it when it's on sale - you may enjoy (if you have an open mind)....
76561198096311170,Recommended,232430,24416008,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,[FOE] Vorak,"Fantastic game. Great story. Very short. Too Expensive, wait for a sale."
76561197993353652,Recommended,232430,8154975,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Matticus,"This game has excellent atmosphere and a great way of telling a story through exploration and the environment itself. There's not actually much to the game itself, but it's a wonderful experience. It's in the same genre as Stanley Parable (walking simulator).I would say buy it if you're really into exploration games, and don't mind it only being 2-3 hours. If that isn't your thing, then definitely get it on a Steam sale and give it a try. You may just like it."
76561198131701503,Recommended,232430,33559065,Posted: 15 July,all,anotherphysicsgradstudent,"I'm still unsure how I feel about Walking Simulators as a genre; but of the ones I've played, this is my favourite.  A lot of that is the fact that there's actually quite a lot to do as you explore the house.  There are plenty of little secrets hidden away to find as you explore.  Exploration itself requires action, with locked doors and hidden passages to unlock and find.  And there's plenty of environmental details that hint at elements of character and back-story that reward the simple act of looking around.This ties in to the well-told nature of the story.  The main plot is gradually revealed through journal entries.  The need to unlock and open areas gradually ensures that these come in order and as a benefit of reaching somewhere new.  Perhaps more interesting are the side stories, told indirectly through the items you find, and needing some reflection to piece together.  But the most appealing elements to me were the characters and the resolution.  All the family are nicely fleshed out. In particular I found it easy to emphasise with Sam's story and challenges, despite the familiar elements of teenage drama.  The climax of the story has disappointed some, but I found it satisfying emotionally and narratively.The biggest weakness is that this is a short game, at only 2 hours.  Other than that, it's hard for me to criticise it beyond the inherent limitations of its genre."
76561198012090075,Recommended,232430,33615459,Posted: 17 July,all,Elenca,"Such a wonderful game, the tension of a suspense exploration scenario without the fear from a horror setting. The storyline isn't particularly long to complete, but I found it highly enjoyable and engaging enough that I didn't want to stop until I'd reached the end."
76561198052278630,Recommended,232430,33623022,Posted: 17 July,all,willspaeth,"I finished this game in about 2 hours, as I am a completionist.  The story was interesting and a bit sad, and very short.  I feel like the amount of time I spent playing it was longer than it should have been, given the amount of story.  There were a lot of things to waste your time a bit, and it felt like the developers were looking for reasons to keep you in the game a bit longer, but still, it was about the length of a movie, on sale for a similar price, and I got about as much enjoyment as a decent movie, so I'm still gonna rate positive."
76561198121795000,Recommended,232430,9337080,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,benhur217,Feels true.
,Recommended,232430,9338882,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Anartrist,This is a game about rummaging through your family's 90's memorabilia collection.10/10
,Recommended,232430,9366302,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Matics,"This is one of those rare games that has moved me. You play as a girl in the first person prespective, shes back from a vacation from Europe and returning to a new family home. As the player you have no idea what to expect from this game, are there ghosts in this creepy new old house? a killer hiding somewhere? will I have weapons?I wont spoil it but its wonderful. You are looking for your younger sister though out the game but she doesnt appear to be home, so you search this huge very very well detailed house for clues on where shes went and with whome. The house truely feels lived in, going through all the rooms, closets, dressers and so on finding things like cassette tapes of your sister talking about her love she met in school, the voice actress nails the emotion in the words she says, making you really care about whats going on."
,Recommended,232430,9393374,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,infestacool,Great!
,Recommended,232430,9441843,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Abyssal Terror,Play this game. It messes with your head. It is an experience.
,Recommended,232430,9449253,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Riggs4G,"In order for me to play a game like this in one sitting without hopelessly losing interest, it needs to have an immediate and immersive story and plot; Gone Home does just that. This game will keep you guessing and on edge till you uncover the mystery of your missing family. Even after the pieces fall into place, you'll find yourself wanting to know more! If you want a break or are growing tired of the normal hack-in-slash, shooters, or any game with violence, this is a great change of pace. It is a little expensive for the amount of time it takes to complete the story, so I recommend getting it on sale."
76561198003721745,Recommended,232430,9449291,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Lorgosh,"One of The best Game i have play for long time and I do not think i can forget this game enymore, it touch my heart to play this game and this is the first game ever to do that to me. Thank youI recommend this game to all people. Take your time and play it and listen what it tells you and you will be rewarded for that. This game have a soul and its beatiful"
76561198042732838,Recommended,232430,9461492,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Jeff,This game was unbelieveably well made. This game is most definetely a 10/10. Pure genius.
76561198033647644,Recommended,232430,9469469,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Sick Bod,"Interesting game, slightly confused at first about which characters the journals were talking about.  But once it became a bit more obvoius the story settles and you get dragged in and hooked.Keeps a slight eeriness to the game and sound design is spot on.  Once I was into the story i played untill completion on the 2nd sitting.Would recommend only to people that like a good story and dont mind little actual gameplay.  If your the type that rather play on easy and just enjoy games for the cut scenes and story  then your like this."
76561197993901080,Recommended,232430,9639655,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Bahalt,Not so much a game but more experiencing a story while walking around and solving some minor puzzles.But it tells a very sweet captivating story and I would definitely recommend playing it.That being said I can understand it might be a bit expensive for the 2-3 hours it takes to finish the game.However when it on sale you should really consider buying it.
,Recommended,232430,9916333,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Sir_Meowsalot,"It has been a long time since a story has caught me so quickly and held me for so long. This game is not action packed, nor is it there to throw morals or trials at the player. No, instead it wants to tell a story of a family, of sisters, and of lovers. Things that we may experience in our own lives and have to deal with. Like in many families each person has their own experiences and stories that they may keep to themselves or is openly revealed. The Mother, Father, Sam, Lonnie, Katie, and the deceased Uncle all have a story to tell.A gorgeous story driven game that if anything makes one reflect on our own paths and actions. The creators of this game and the voice actors should be given great praise for their efforts. The writing is amazing and gripping and the voice actors really help to capture and convey the emotion of the dialogue.I'm truly happy to have had the chance to play this game and recommend it fully to those who want to sit back and play a game not for the graphics, nor the action, but for the story of a young girl who is trying to find out who she is."
76561197996626259,Recommended,232430,8467578,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Last Sane Man,"This game is narratively perfect.  I would suggest getting on a sale, as a playthrough will only be about two hours, and the gameplay is pure point-and-click adventure style.  That being said, those two hours are like reading a riveting novella, while enjoying a fascinating environment to explore in intricate detail."
,Recommended,232430,8498130,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,tecknotot,"This game is creepy, good. Makes me realize why I hate big houses.  The suspense is good and Im just waiting to jump out of my chair but that hasnt happened yet."
,Recommended,232430,8534515,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,XM177e2,"A very interesting journey, Well worth the play through."
,Recommended,232430,8536149,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,elevature,"My game of the year for 2013. Surprising, touching, and beautiful; it'll stay with you for a long time. We need more games like this."
,Recommended,232430,8541526,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,amartin903,"I absolutely loved this game. However, rather than jump straight in with a subjective review, I'll try and give an overview of the game. Okay, so this is what you actually do in the game:You arrive home from hoilday and wander around your seemingly deserted house, with creepy sounds and lighting effects in full flow. As you explore, you learn about the lives of your sister (through voiceovers discover after interaction with objects), your parents and even your grandfather. This information is all discerned by examining objects. There is no fast paced action, no need to run down a corridor, no sliding or jumping - just interacting with objects, in your own time.As others have remarked, it technically is possible to complete the game in under a minute, but that's not the point (in the same way any speed run isn't the point). This isn't really a ""game"", at least not in the traditional sense. It's an emotional adventure, designed to show you an insight into this family. In other words, don't start playing the game and examining every crack in the wall and every spot on the ceiling. Imagine you were in this situation yourself. What would you do? Where would you go first? What would you logically check?Basically, if you're happy to be taken on a touching story, where your understanding of the story depends on how deeply you immerse yourself, but where your interaction with the world is minimal (i.e. you can't change anything that's happened, only learn about it), then this is the game for you. If you want something fast paced, with more action and strong gameplay, it's probably better to skip it.Finally, from a price point of view, it's up to you how much you want to spend. As a fairly experienced gamer I got around three hours worth of gameplay from it initially (and much, much more after deeper exploration to tie up ""loose"" ends (which is obviously not compulsory)). I'm happy paying the asking price to an Indie developer starting off, but if you want to pay less, wait for one of Steam's awesome sales to come around and you can pick this up for peanuts.Now that that overview is out of the way, I can hopefully be a little more subjective! From my point of view, as a fairly emotional 26 year old male who enjoys thought provoking media, I found this to be one of the most moving, haunting and beautiful gaming experiences of my life. I've never found myself caring about characters in this way in a video game before. I was genuinely touched and found myself wondering about the characters involved for days after completing the game. Certainly it joins a very select list of games that I'll always remember when and where I first played them.I also need to give credit to Sarah Robertson, the voice actor behind Sam (the sister in the story). Her work really helped immerse me into the storyline.So from me, I couldn't recommend this game any higher. A pure 10/10 emotional rollercoaster that really did leave me shaking. I'm hugely thankful I got the chance to play and if you're in any way ""on the fence"" about the game, I'd thoroughly recommend taking a chance and hopefully you'll be left as moved as I was."
76561197995292550,Recommended,232430,8560868,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Papa Shango,Get it...but get it cheap. Word to your moms
,Recommended,232430,8561438,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Lame_Duck,Loved this game. Very poignant and unsettling all at the same time. Beautiful story. It's short but worth every cent.
,Recommended,232430,8564155,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Sira,"While it was hard for me to get past the creepy, ""something evil is about to jump out behind me and chew me up"" feelings the story ended up being surprisingly heartfelt and reassuring. I was a highschooler in December 1995 so it hits all the right zine and riot grrrl notes for me, but even if you don't have the required nostalgia I think it makes for a good and interesting 'game' experiment."
,Recommended,232430,8579051,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,ClickToEnlarge,I really enjoyed this game and recomend it if you're into short stories.  The game plays like an interactive novella and was entertaining through out.  The house is fun to run through and there's  good attention to detail.  It was enjoyable and the story will make you feel feels.
76561198025074458,Recommended,232430,8543049,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,soar,Had no idea what to expect going into this game but I'm glad I bought it. Great story. Great game. It IS short (I finished it in 90 mins) but it's definitely worth the money.
,Recommended,232430,8559579,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,arcta,Made me gay10/10 GOTY
76561198024933413,Recommended,232430,8578560,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Fishhook,An adventure game that touched me more than I expected. Amazingly well-written. Highly recommended if you can get it at a discounted price!
76561197977065892,Recommended,232430,8586331,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,ObnoxiousNobody,AWESOME GAME. Couldn't stop playing until i finished it in one setting.
76561197994646425,Recommended,232430,8586806,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Giant Stick Man,"Gone Home offers a rather unique way of exploring it's multilayered story.It plays more like a traditional first person point and click game in the vein of the latter 'Zork' titles but with the freedom of allowing you to explore every nook and cranny.I found the game to be quite atmospheric, creeping around an empty house in the midst of a storm finding clues as to where everyone had gone.It's not a game for everyone and you'd be lucky to squeeze more than 2-3 hours out of it, but if you want something a bit different then I highly recommend this one."
,Recommended,232430,8602481,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Peter G. Lemon,What a beautiful game. This is what I want from more videogames. Such heart.
,Recommended,232430,8626915,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Meme Wizard,"A great and surprising interactive narrative, a great atmosphere surrounds this beautiful love story. If you don't pick it up you must be a retard."
,Recommended,232430,8633071,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,beardy blue,"I encourage you to buy this, download it, and play it while reading as little as you possibly can about it. Preferably in the dark and while it's raining if possible. It's a brilliant exercise in environmental immersion and tells a complete story in a very different way from most games. I experienced more emotion playing this game than I have in hundreds of hours of many others. Easily in my top 3 games of 2013."
,Recommended,232430,8645744,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Dookie,For a short game this is pretty fun. Cleared it in one sitting. Enjoyed the narrative. Liked the voice overs. Not so much on the music. Yeah good game.
76561198025099316,Recommended,232430,8652812,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,deaks,"I went into this game knowing nothing about it, which definitely increased the slow build in tension as I explored the house and discovered it's secrets.Other's have written better and more in-depth reviews, so I will just say that this game remained in my mind days after I finished it.If you've 'played' Dear Esther and liked it, then this is worth a look."
,Recommended,232430,8654845,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Spectre,"Really a very good game, wasnt expecting to like it so much, how ever it only takes about 2 hours to complete so not sure its worth the 14.99 i payed, but still im happy :)"
,Recommended,232430,9226840,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Hellstorm0,"Gone Home is an excellent game with a fine attention to detail. It is, however, a very short experience that you can plow through in a few hours. Recommended to anyone wanting to experience an intresting story."
76561197985873570,Recommended,232430,9236568,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,pendrix,"Amazing game, great story, well written with a beautiful ambience and scene narrated by a sister missing. Everyone should get this game when it goes on sale, 20 dollars is a little steep for a game that takes less than two hours for a single playthrough. But  the game is so well presented, and the story is so well told, that you'll want to play it through in one go and not set it down. And the puzzles aren't so difficult you'll have to go online and figure out where you went wrong. Just play the cassettes and let the music take you to a world of teenage awakening that you'll never experience yourself for the sheer fact you're probably not a woman if you're playing this game. Don't forget to click the text button in the bottom right corner when looking at objects to see the artwork depicted."
,Recommended,232430,9251293,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Shmease,"I think I would only really recommend this game to those that I know will be able to connect to the story as I was able to. I definitely don't see it as a ""game"" that everyone would like. For myself, it was very enjoyable. It brought back a lot of memories that were similar to Sam's and so, very nostalgic. I purchased Gone Home when it was on sale, so to me it was a good buy. I don't think I would pay $20 for it though."
76561198041953296,Recommended,232430,9461186,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,TheJet-12,"I actually really enjoyed this story!  It's short, sweet, and to the point.  I feel like the developers did a great job in creating an effective way to tell a story.  Most games I have played recently have good gameplay, but an atrocious story development based on gameplay mechanics.  This throws the rules out the window and creates an interactive story-telling that makes me wish other developers will take some serious notes."
76561198033647644,Recommended,232430,9469470,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Sick Bod,"Interesting game, slightly confused at first about which characters the journals were talking about.  But once it became a bit more obvoius the story settles and you get dragged in and hooked.Keeps a slight eeriness to the game and sound design is spot on.  Once I was into the story i played untill completion on the 2nd sitting.Would recommend only to people that like a good story and dont mind little actual gameplay.  If your the type that rather play on easy and just enjoy games for the cut scenes and story  then your like this."
,Recommended,232430,10863953,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kirree,I beat this game in only a few hours but it was addicting. I couldn't stop playing it. It's simple but the story is interesting. I wish there was a little more interactions involved but I would still probably play through it again.
,Recommended,232430,10876398,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Cherrypopz,I didn't know it was a narrative game when I bought it. Short games where a story unfolds before you is not really my type. If you're into that then it's a nice game. A bit short though.
76561198012833546,Recommended,232430,10891009,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,SwiftEngage,"I'd say if you're the type of person who dislikes a game being ""too short"" you should do yourself a favour and skip this one.For the rest of you, this is a charming little adventure game whose story unfolds within the space of about an hour. Whether you're keen on the subject matter or not it's a great less in how much narrative you can squeeze into a small environment.Well worth a look, but if you're on a tight budget there's more gameplay to be had elsewhere.5/10 as a game8/10 as an experience"
,Recommended,232430,10896633,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Snydicus,"One of the best games I have ever played. Absolutely beautiful story, and amazing sense of discovery. Even once you havea brpad Odea of things, you still want to know more. BUT, I would only suggest this to ""story type"" people, whoare into stories and depth rather than action."
76561198005442114,Recommended,232430,10455624,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Bait,"It's a short story. That's really it. It's like a piece off 'This American Life' or something. Not being sure what to expect definitely improved it for me - I wasn't sure if I was going to be terrified, cry, or cheer by the end. If you're looking for an exciting game or high art, you're really not going to find it here. Like I said, it's just a short story."
76561197968328456,Recommended,232430,10797472,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Snape in the Grass,Great story and a fun environment to explore but quite short with only the one outcome.
,Recommended,232430,10810335,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,rickfos,"It's worth the sale price. The puzzles aren't complex, but the story was quite nice. I don't think it has much replay value. I was extremely engaged for the three hours that I played it, though."
,Recommended,232430,10816776,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,millexiv,Amazing game with a powerful and deep story.
76561198003544853,Recommended,232430,10841495,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Kapetinha,Jogo muito bom! Vale a pena a experiência!
,Recommended,232430,10850235,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Miko,"I had no idea what this game would be about when I started it. The atmosphere really gripped me at first, then when the story started to unfold I was pleasantly surprised!I would recommend this to anyone that enjoys great cute storys, and doesn't mind point and clicks!"
,Recommended,232430,7857179,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,jjallday13,Super short game but I really enjoyed it.
,Recommended,232430,7948968,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Redonio,"First and foremost,Yes this is an incredibly short game.Only about two hours long. However I found these 2 hours to be very enjoyable. The game itself is simple and incredibly casual. There is no major action and the controls are easy to handlle. All the game is is discovering what is going on with your family.Being someone who loves stories,I found myself incredibly into this game. However if you are someone who is looking for an action game or something that keeps you moving constantly than ""Gone Home"" is not for you. However if you are someone who enjoys story telling than ""Gone Home may be for you.I rather enjoyed strolling around this manor in the woods learning about the people who live there. I hope that this review has helped you in the decision of wether or not to purchase""Gone Home"",as I have enjoyed this experience and hopefully so will you."
,Recommended,232430,7965702,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,GethHerO,Story does a good job of giving insite into the life of a teen that doesn't think that she fits in the world around her. Definately worth the price even if it is 2 hours long.
,Recommended,232430,7966055,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,.Eva,"I haven't cried in a game since a long time ago. Gone Home﻿ was an amazing short journey. The punk music, the awkward highschools, the little rebels for love. omg, dem feels. ♥♥♥Everything about it is so immersive. the handwritten notes, the punk mix tapes, the amazing voice acting. i was so absorbed into the adventure. I havent felt this way in a long long long time."
76561197998811253,Recommended,232430,8406893,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,thorne,"I really liked this.  It's a short, non-violent exploration game. I completed it in three hours.  Compared to the price of a movie ticket, ""Gone Home"" would be the better choice.The ""pro's"" of the game are many.  The story consists of three plotlines involving family members.  This gets told through found objects and audio clips.  This when exploring a huge housel.  The attention to detail is well done.  The faucets work,and there's even food in the fridge.The horror aspect is handled very well.  This by letting the player's mind fill in the blanks.  Perhaps cliche, adjusting environmental cues such as light and noise is well done.There's a few ""cons"".  There are no flashlights (or spare lightbulbs) in this entire house ?!  Given some of the themes involved, definitely a Teen or Mature rating.  There's some unanswered questions.  However, none that would destroy the story.  Alternately, this may be intentional for a sequel.It's not for everyone.  No hunting (or being hunted by) monsters here.  To close, the game was enjoyable with a great ending.   Good job!"
76561198073252078,Recommended,232430,8408409,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Save The Seadon,Short but well done exploration/narrative game! Try it out!
,Recommended,232430,8409851,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Yakura,"Don't expect a 20 hour game. It lasts about 2 hours if you take your time exploring every single thing. It's also more fitted for girls rather than guys, which is why you might read so many bad reviews on this. I would NOT recommend spending 20 bucks on it, by far. I bought it for 10 which I found already kinda expensive for a story like this. If it's around 5-8 bucks I definitely thinks it's worth it.Think of it as watching an interactive movie and you do get invested in the story. Don't expect anything super natural or super scary. But I love the interactive story that it is, and my girlfriend loved it even more. But that's because she loves drama shows.Less than 10 bucks? Get it. More? Wait a while."
76561198029187871,Recommended,232430,8410180,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,greatmuta3,"Really great game,very emotional ending,a must play.Highest Recommendation."
,Recommended,232430,8411035,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SusieQQ,It can be very slow for some. A story immersed into a treasure hunt it's a pretty short game even if you look every where and find yourself following the story line however it was a good break from all the other violent games. A top ten for 2013 for sure!
,Recommended,232430,8411966,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,brightwanderer,"This is fantastic, a beautiful, subtle story. Love it to pieces."
,Recommended,232430,8436339,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,paulnewmanseyes,oh wow
,Recommended,232430,8441695,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,merrylm,"Wow, so much more than the hype! Worth the time."
76561198026941684,Recommended,232430,8448440,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,rodgie05,Overrated. I get that its all about story but the story's ending isn't all that amazing. It's a well made game but its not the game of the year so many people are saying.
,Recommended,232430,8449447,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Mr. Calamity,"The game was very interesting, the way it was told was simple but keeps you wanting to know more, not much excitement, but a rather refreshing story if you have been playing a lot of action heavy games, the little details such as the post cards the hand written notes made the game feel very at home. You'll be able to finish this in about one to two hours depending on how fast you move and are interested you are in the story but the narration is nice, the story will not shock you it will not be crazy, but it will stay true to its style and might bring a small smile every now and then.Narration 5/5story 4/5sound 3/5 (not much sound other than storm but helps set the mood)graphics 4/5I don't remmend buying this at full price but since I got it during a sale I will recommend it if it is below ten."
,Recommended,232430,8460642,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,TheKbob,"You're going to feel this one.  Take is slow and prepare for a single 2 hour experience.  More of an interactive narrative with light puzzling, this title will tell you a story like none other.It's good and one of the best narratives in gaming of 2013.  However, the asking price may be a bit much to swallow for many individuals or gamers on the cheap.  I played this game after paying $5, an acceptable price for this experience.I sincerely hope the developers of this experience continue to make these style of titles, however noting that a lower price point will be required to bring them fully to bear in the market."
76561198020471227,Recommended,232430,8462270,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,WolfEyes (Loki'd),"Creepy, creepier than Amnesia and Slender."
,Recommended,232430,8463199,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,zomgnone,"Gone Home has amazing immersion and smooth gameplay mechanincs.Unfortunately it's kind of short and the story was not so much interesting / touching for my taste.Overall 7/10, worth have a look."
,Recommended,232430,8467721,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,at0micgarden,Similar to Dear Esther - interactive story. I really enjoyed this game and I felt rather melancholy for a long time after finishing it.
,Recommended,232430,8468258,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Sermolux,A short game with a good story. Probably wouldn't buy if more than a few dollars.
,Recommended,232430,8472359,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Black neo-liberal shock-troop,Gone Home is one of the greatest games of all time because it works on a seemingly infinite number of levels. Yet at the same time it is one of the biggest failures in gaming because it only succeeds in connecting to the most insightful of its audience. The resulting paradox only serves to prove the game' lesson to be true. Brilliant!
,Recommended,232430,8474446,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Parean,"I would highly recommend Gone Home for anyone who wants to lose themselves in a captivating story without the distraction of fighting or generally just running around trying to find random NPC's to complete mindless quests. The story had me hooked in short order and I was so enthralled in learning what had happened to everyone (especially Sam) that I completely lost track of time. Once I started, I didn't want to stop. This game shows that you don't always need alot of action and flash to have a thoroughly enjoyable game."
,Recommended,232430,8474978,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,lemeure,"A great experiment with gamedesign and telling a story within it.  This game is not for everyone.  If you are looking for an engaging narative experience this is for you.  The game is short, about 2-3 hours for me, but only suffers from it because I want back in the world I had just explored.  The Fullbright company has made a masterpeice that will be placed aside classics for breaking the term game and making it into something far more expansive.Get Gone Home if you like reading about or are interested in game design and narative progression especially."
,Recommended,232430,8477354,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Yawvie,"Such a lovely game, i am very glad that i picked it up.Wonderful storytelling and quite a haunting atmosphere, It will definitely stick with me for a long time.If you're one that is all about going *PEW PEW BLAM KAA-CHOW* at things, then this is not a game for you.If however you do have a brain that's not just thinking about shooting things and yelling at n00bs, then you may like this.I found it to be quite an enjoyable experience.It feels really creepy to be in that house alone hearing the floors creak. I got quite paranoid, i was rushing to turn on the light every time i entered a new room. The feeling of being watched was overwhelming, and this is not even a horror game.The Storytelling and Design is incredible.You feel (At least i did) so attached to a character that you never even see, you learn about that character through audio and through reading handwritten letters.All in all, i had a great time playing this. It was easy to immerse myself into it, and i really felt the characters involved. And that's a really good sign that it was developed well.If you love a good story, you wont be disappointed."
76561197975231227,Recommended,232430,8480415,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ghee Tsar,"Very short (~90 mins), but excellent game.  Only buy if £5 or under though."
,Recommended,232430,8480450,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Aiten,Put simply this is not worth the price point simply due to the length. However it is a very well put together and interesting game and if it were prices at £5 I would be recomending it like crazy.
76561198063917422,Recommended,232430,8490482,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Juyct Catpony,"Although the game was riddled with distracting side stories that never go anywhere, the story itself was enjoyable, and thought-provoking.  By all means worth a look, definitely not worth its original price cap though."
,Recommended,232430,8491660,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Boda,Very great game!  I wasn't sure what to expect but by the end they had me thouroughly engaged.
,Recommended,232430,8491664,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,☭ The Real Obama ☭,I enjoyed this game. It was fun but for only about 3 hours and then it was over. :(
,Recommended,232430,8492290,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,The Organ Grinder,An experience which I do not regret
76561197964114179,Recommended,232430,8492876,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Colt.45,Unique adventure game where you go home and try to find out why no one is there when you arrive.  Well worth the adventure.
76561198048182850,Recommended,232430,8492918,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Cousin Moose,"all the people giving this negative reviews need to realize that this is not a traditional video game.  It's a story that you experience and explore, something like a book or a movie, but more visual and engrossing.  I admit I didn't have high hopes when I first bough this game on sale, but I needed a break from shooters, rpgs, and mobas.  I didn't feel rushed, stressed, or even scared in this game.  I took my time exploring and piecing together the story.  I have only teared up in one other video game and that was The Walking Dead telltale game, but the ending to this was so real and raw it made it hard to sleep after I finished it.  It will stay with me as one of the best stories I've every had the pleasure to experience, it felt nothing like a video game, nothing else comes close."
76561198047983055,Recommended,232430,8494605,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,RSA_Man,The most beautiful game I've ever played.
76561198041007422,Recommended,232430,8496203,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,sleepykelvina,"'Gone Home' is one of those games that people seem to either really like, or really dislike. It's not a typical game, and I would even hesitate to call it a game. It's more of an interactive story, really. There are no battles or puzzles to solve--it's just you clicking around a creepy, empty house while you learn about the people that lived there. That's it.While I did enjoy this game, I will concede that it is not for everyone. It is a bit pricy for the length of gameplay (about 2 hours, depending on how thorough you are), and occasionally buggy (I had trouble getting doors to open, even after obtaining the proper key--the only workaround being to restart the game with the option to have all doors unlocked enabled). Still, I enjoyed the 90s nostalgia and the cute love story."
76561198093275984,Recommended,232430,8498274,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,jose.davidzr,"Its cool all the mistery that have and how the developers play with your mind to spect something that its not going to happend.This game have a sweet and amazing history, if you dont care about the history i recommend dont buy it, maybe your get bore.There is no puzzels, you just go conecting points to discover the history.I loved the game."
76561197987348853,Recommended,232430,9325968,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Agent Petrivka Pirate 006,"Wow...I've heard nothing but good things about this game, and finally, after playing through it myself, I can say the hype was justified. It's a magnificent piece of story-telling that demonstrates the story-telling ability of games. It is fairly short, but was a thoroughly enjoyable ~2.5 hrs."
76561197995292508,Recommended,232430,9349224,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,(thm) The Hamster Man!,Absolutely amazing-must play! Crazy emotional ups and downs. Best voice acting ever.
76561198046469524,Recommended,232430,9404123,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,PaladinGuy,"(Spoiler Free)A short and simple first-person exploration game where you try to uncover why your family is no where to be found within their new house after you return home from studying abroad.This game very much reminds me of Dear Esther; it's not so much a ""game"" as it is an experience and people's opinions of this experience are going to vary from person to person. If you do choose to play this game don't let others tell you how to feel about it, only you can do that and your thoughts are going to be your own.I will say that if you do buy it you should probably wait for it to be on sale.My short opinion:Is this game overpraised? Yes. Is this game overpriced? Yes. Dose it deserve the negativity it receives? No."
,Recommended,232430,9460298,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Regicold,"This game/experience/interactive movie was... everything for two hours, and then alot more after. It stays with you. I enjoyed it more when I had time to process and think and feel. I know that I will reinstall it once a year for the rest of my life, because this was too good not to re-experience every once in a while."
,Recommended,232430,3411425,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Meier,"Great mature game, sure you can argue that is maybe not a game. But what ever the case, be it game or interactive story. It doesn't matter what label you slap on it, its a great experience.The attention to detail alone is insane.For me its a must have in your Steam library."
,Recommended,232430,27915370,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,_rez,"At first it might seem very slow, but it the story comes together very well and it may leave you breathless."
,Recommended,232430,21038221,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ohmsrulz,Fun game although short. This is story/movie style genre (no platforming). Roughly 4 hours of gametime if you take your time.
,Recommended,232430,8583335,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Beowulf Bjornson,"An amazing story and an even more amazing way to tell a story. It's a very short game, but those will be well-spent hours."
76561198019138353,Recommended,232430,8584574,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Grenappleslush,"This game is superb, The atmosphere is just wonderful. The gameplay might not have much to it but the finding out the story is wonderful, one of the most touching games I have ever played in my life.  The only real problem is it is way to short but all of the things you can look and interact with makes up for that I would Recommend this to anybody who loves a good story with a sort of foreboading atmosphere."
76561197988120142,Recommended,232430,8587125,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,HappyGiraffe,"I've never really played many adventure games aside from the classic Monkey Island series, but this one really got me. It's defintely not your traditional game, nor is it for everyone, but if you think you might enjoy navigating your way through a 2-hour '90s flick (and I do mean navigating, since there aren't any puzzles or monsters or anything of that sort) then I'd recommend this one for sure. Great game with a touching story."
,Recommended,232430,8592307,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Joosebug,Beautiful
,Recommended,232430,8603817,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,DrumFrog,A huge love story - given a big push by the speaker of Sam and the great environment.Still woule like to know more about Jan's love story and the outcome of Terry's efforts.
76561197970803330,Recommended,232430,8611551,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,A Big Brave Dog,"So I wanna read a story, but I have a complete aversion to books and other physical reading materials.Video games got you covered.  Thanks, science.Play it (read it!), it's good."
,Recommended,232430,8612520,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Jajayal,It's a short and sweet game. I'm surprised by how much I enjoyed it and it has a genuinely touching story. Hopefully we shall get more games like this.
,Recommended,232430,8613873,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Alfie,"I highly recommend this game.The plot isn't driven by battles or puzzles, per se, but by exploring your own home after traveling abroad in Europe. Through many scraps of paper, cassettes, and journal entries by your sister, you piece together the story of what your family was up to while you were gone. You learn about your mother's adventures in forest management. You find out about the ups and downs in your father's writing career. But most importantly, you discover your sister Sam's journey through her last year of high school, and how she met a girl named Lonnie.With no one else around, it's a very personal snapshot of the 90s, and a very personal snapshot of the Greenbriars. It's a lonely story. It's a love story. It's a story about people."
,Recommended,232430,8615203,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Cadfad,"If you are the type of person that loves interactive advanture games, then buy it. For an interative adventure it tells a beautiful story in an interesting way. It's not comedic like Maniac Mansion, nor as direct as Dear Esther. Gone Home is it's own story discovered simply through exploration. The game is $20, but it's not worth $20. Be sure to get it on a steam sale or someplace that provides this game for $10 or less. If you just want to know the story, the full story, then just read the ""Plot"" section of the game's Wikipedia article."
,Recommended,232430,8615370,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Barndawg,"Great story and well told, but the game was quite brief and the gameplay wasn't much to talk about; more like an interactive story than a game."
,Recommended,232430,8621565,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,SoUnDoLe,"A masterpiece of storytelling, with an expertly crafted and convincing world. Raises the bar for storytelling in interactive experiences. I wish there were more games like this."
,Recommended,232430,8623274,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,griddlelol,This is why our medium is the best.
76561197995850530,Recommended,232430,8624631,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Shittmcguffin,"Well I initially had a lot longer of a review but now it's gone.This game is good. But only if you don't treat it like one. I can't tell you how special this game can be.But I can't spoil anything. All I can do is just tell you not to focus on the story. Focus on the house. The stormy night. If you do and you do it right, you'll find yourself in the 90's.Contrary to common belief, the main character was always meant to be you. This is supposed to be your story. Your family and your sister. It's about those people that are integral to who you are. It's about turning the comfort and memories of your past into a tangible place, unfettered by the experiences of your adult life.This game is incredible. I torrented this game a long time ago but it was the first one to touch me emotionally so I could not bear the guilt of, well, stealing it. Just please, play this for yourself. It is short. But it is the best damn game I've ever played."
76561198065582622,Recommended,232430,8626921,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,ultralisk777,"Great game, more of a narrative than a game, wonderfully indie"
,Recommended,232430,8630286,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,benthegreater,"A masterwork, truely. The narative is well-woven into the gameplay experience, and the gameplay is a perfect match for the way it unfolds. My mind was blown that they so adeptly blended the slightly creepy explorative atmosphere with the indie-movie-esque story. Especially since due to the way the story is revealed to you, most of it must be seen in the mind of the player, not so much seen on-screen.A brilliantly crafted experience, all around!"
,Recommended,232430,8630780,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Sonicbob,"Man - can investigating an old house on your own get creepy... However ended with a nice story, well worth it for a few hours gameplay."
,Recommended,232430,8643324,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,pat,"Excellent game that rewards a little patience and curiosity with story detail, context and depth."
76561197965559177,Recommended,232430,8644103,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Ghost in a Jar,"I really enjoyed this visual story.  All I'd heard previously was that many accolades had been showered upon it, and that it wasn't a ""game"" but an experience.  Well, I'm very glad I took the plunge.  It's not long by any means, but it's one of the best stories I've enjoyed in the medium.  Too often I find myself tuning out when story elements are thrown at me between firefights.  It's very refreshing to have nothing but a story here, your only job being to discover it.If you can disconnect your expectations of what a video game is ""supposed"" to be, then I think you'll find a very enjoyable experience wrapped up here.  I'd love to say more, but, ya know, spoilers!"
,Recommended,232430,8651374,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,etchlings,"This game is like a punch in the gut. A beautiful, long-awaited punch in the gut. I opened it expecting just to see what the hype was about, and ended up playing the whole game from start to finish in a sitting (i.e., my entire afternoon). The graphics are lovely. The details... there are so many details. This game leads you, but it leads you only gently... if you don't pick up every scrap of paper, no matter whether it's a plot trigger or not, you won't get the whole story. I really recommend seeking out the entire story. You'll get a better idea of how human and dimensional all of the characters are, even if they never actually appear.This is the first game I can think of that ever made me actually begin crying in front of my computer. Please, please let this be future of video games. I badly desire more like this."
,Recommended,232430,8653998,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,ADAMOTERRA,"IMO, the game's current 20 dollar price tag is asking too much for a literally 2 hour game. Only purchase at 50% or more off."
76561197969248931,Recommended,232430,11128122,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Breakr,"Suprisingly moving title.  If you're expecting a game, don't bother.  This is one of those interactive movie deals where you're really just along for the ride.  The story-telling is touching though, and it's actually pretty neat to explore this house.  Unless you're a sociopath or a bigot, expect to be moved by the ending."
,Recommended,232430,11139731,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Wannaweetie,"An interactive short story. Subtle, touching, funny, quite short. Finished it in two sessions so not a long game but fascinating. Much respect to the developers who've put a fair bit of work in and come up with something different to anything I've ever played before. In summary, it's lovely and I enjoyed every minute of it. Quite short though."
,Recommended,232430,11153661,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,SweetBaby_Jesus,Awesome game from start to end! Wasn't expecting this at all. I won't replay this game but it was completly worth the money!!
76561198038642751,Recommended,232430,11170528,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Disaster175,"This is a game about a girl that comes home and finds her beloved Christmas Duck sealed away in a cabinet. Everyone else is missing so it falls to her to find Christmas Duck's nest and return him. This game is pretty good but it totally spoils that Christmas Duck finds his way home at the end in the title. Next time name it ""Going Home"" insted of ""Gone Home"" to avoid this kind of problem. The strong emotional bond between the girl and Christmas Duck is shown very well. Also the subplot with the girl's family is cool too I guess."
,Recommended,232430,7927699,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,hirvox,"A somewhat free-form exploration game where the protagonist returns from a cross-Europe trip to find the family house empty. The story is told through the exploration of found objects and journal entries from her younger sister. The primary story about the sister's troubles is engaging enough, but there is more wrong with the family than just that. The game never spells out loud what it is, but all the clues you need are there. This is what all ambient storytelling in games should strive to be like."
76561197969116296,Recommended,232430,7949834,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,jammin8317,"This is going to be one of those games that you either love or hate. It's VERY short but the story is very very good. The atmosphere is brilliantly put together and you always have just a bit of tension at all times. Some may not enjoy this because of the story content or the style of gameplay but I would say that this a wonderful step in the right direction for game narrative. If you can get it on sale, than it's definitly worth your money"
76561198004558318,Recommended,232430,8484434,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,jackthered,This was a fast but fun game. I like the style of game but wanted a little more of a game.
76561198030962589,Recommended,232430,8491141,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Razorbyte,Absolutely riveting
,Recommended,232430,8501914,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,GarrickWinter,"Gone Home is an excellent example of environmental storytelling, features level design that really evokes the sense of a family home in the 90s, has a touching and well-written love story and does a nice job tapping into 90s nostalgia.  Oh, those cassette boxes almost made me swoon.There isn't much in the way of complex mechanics - the player walks around, picks up and examines or reads things, and very occasionally uses objects in the environment or enters a code or something.  There is no physical conflict to speak of.  But the overall experience is atmospheric and engaging, the story is touching, and I think it's worth it for that alone.  If you go in looking for good environmental storytelling, a strong atmosphere and mood, and a good story, you'll not be disappointed."
76561197991564575,Recommended,232430,8519242,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,branbondowz,"A modern-day Myst, with a story that resonates with the player unlike any blockbuster film or game could. Incredible pacing and beautiful storytelling makes this game one of the greatest I've ever had the pleasure of playing. One would be hard-pressed to find a comparable work of interactive fiction."
,Recommended,232430,8522301,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Bargadiel,"Gone Home manages to make good use of the medium to surprise, impress, and enthrall, proving to be an excellent example of interactive storytelling. I'm a huge fan of games like this and Dear Esther, because they entice the core of why we play games in the first place; to stimulate our minds and piece information together to figure out why it's relevant to us; to translate it into our own language of emotion, and more importantly; to motivate us to simply explore without worry of scores, achievements, or ""enemies"" of any kind.  A narrative can be much more than just a character in conflict with another, and to make things even more interesting in this story, you're learning about a character other than yourself. The protagonist, ""you"" isn't the focus, and instead, the mystery involves learning about all of the other characters and family members. This is done through various audio clips, text, and most importantly; visual guidance. The precision in placement of objects, props, and the vastness and even mystery of the house all aid in this title's visual and emotional appeal, proving the quality of craftsmanship and knowledge of the mediums at hand.Additionally, even as a child of the 90's I found lots of amusing and nostalgic tidbits hidden here and there as well. This entire game can be cleared in a relatively quick amount of time, but I highly suggest taking it slow and enjoying the enviornment to it's fullest. Take in the narrative, and like me, you might find yourself on the verge of tears when the credits roll."
,Recommended,232430,11110839,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,scofisticated,"There is so much that can be said about this game, and none of it can be said as it would be a spoiler. Let me just say that Gone Home is worth every penny, as you're getting hours of hard work with made something special.And that is what this is. Something special."
,Recommended,232430,11113499,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Enuo,The 7th Guest but with a lot fewer guests.
,Recommended,232430,11117679,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Matute Remus,"This is a cool and worthwhile experience, but you have to know what you're getting - an experience, not a game.Gone Home is about emotions: being home alone, teen angst, nostalgia.It's well-done, interesting, and captures your attention for a few hours. And it has good music. But buy it on sale, not at full price, since the experience is so short."
,Recommended,232430,11145476,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Astraeus,"A masterpiece. Short, but emotionally riveting and a great example of well-crafted storytelling in video games."
,Recommended,232430,11281022,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Heartwork79,"Ok - forget about the haters who say ""Not worth the money, too short"" and so on. If you are a gamer who looks for the special kind of games, like Quantic Dream's Fahrenheit or Heavy Rain, that means if you LOVE good storytelling and don't care only about gameplay, if you like games exploring human emotions - if you can answer these points with yes, then Gone Home is just right for you. It's really very short, took me about 3 hours or so to complete, but man, I will NEVER forget those 3 hours for the rest of my life. And some might say it's not really a game, and they are right: this is a piece of art. Think of it as the gaming equivalent of a short story, a poem or a short movie. This is as good as it gets, the developers of this masterpiece should be instantly declared gods of storytelling. If you don't want to pay the 20 bucks for it, fine, wait for a steam sale and grab it there, but definitely give it a try. It just blew my mind."
,Recommended,232430,7854137,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,DestroyerTZ,"A touching little short story that may spook you, as well as pull on your heartstrings."
,Recommended,232430,7854748,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,[Heisters.net] Kazuki the Hyena,"A very good story experience. I picked it up for $10 and found it well spent, while the game is short it is a very sweet experience. A very good and very subjective experience for a gamer. There is much to discover with many little easter eggs laying around, like the ever loved Christmas Duck.In all seriousness, it's an interesting story and a compelling one at that. You will have different impressions than I as you wander around and discover the narative on your own."
,Recommended,232430,8587379,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,The Red Bayonet,"A fantastic example of simplicity in game design. This game is not complicated, this game is not difficult; it's simply an environment laid out gracefully infront of the player. This is an experience I'm happy to have had, and one I will not forget for some time."
,Recommended,232430,8591958,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,quail eggs,"Great stories are hard to find in video games. There are very few games (if any) that can make you feel so much connection in such a short time. Gone Home is a short game, and that might be a turn off for some people, i understand. For those that have enough to spend or don't (and just want a good story), I highly recommend that you give this game your attention.I am so glad I let this game have 2 hours of my life. The story is a very feminine one yes, but even I, a male in his 20's, was able to find an emotional connection and fall in love with this story. The immersion and detail that the team at The Fullbright Company put into this game is nothing less than incredible. I was immediately transported back to the 90's and felt immediate nostalgia.The story you will have to find out on your own and let in unfold as you go. But if you do decide to give this game a try, i will say that you shouldn't rush it. Take your time and try to explore as much as you can and you will be rewarded in the end.As you can tell i may have a slight obsession over this game but that's who i am. it's hard for me to get emotionally attached to most characters in games 50x as long, so a game that can make me attached and fall in love in 2 hours is doing something right."
76561198016660399,Recommended,232430,8614169,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,jpj1421,"Wonderful atmosphere and story.  It may not be the game you were expecting to play based on how it begins, but I think that is a strength of the game, not to the detriment of it."
,Recommended,232430,8633359,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,UnluckyJesstar,"This is a game that uses your expectations of what a video game is against you. You are left in an empty spooky house and it seems like it will be a haunted house. However if you manage to play long enough and put all the story pieces together by picking up and reading letters. You will discover the depth and brilliant of the writing in this game. The main story is Sam. However the other people living in this house have their own rewarding story arcs if you just keep looking. However your interacting with this house is just through picking up and reading letters, examing photos, notice boards and other small details. This is a story told through the games environment. Half of which is the unwelcoming atmosphere that makes you feel as if you are not supposed to be here. That you do not belong. Filling you with dread for the worst. If you expect a game with fail states and death and action you will not find it here. This game requires you to explore and find all the story pieces for yourself. If you miss something you may not get as much enjoyment as someone who managed to find all the pieces. If you don't want a game that is you putting together completely optional - if you find them - puzzle pieces. This is not for you. The game trusts the players to find all the pieces and complete the story arcs. To understand the family who lives here and the past residents of the house.You are not supposed to rush through this game, take your time and enjoy it. If you take your time you may actually discover all it's secret depth to the multiple stories and character arcs this game tells. It's still fairly short so I would argue the price point is possibly this game's biggest downfall so unless you are willing to spend $20 for few hours of solid story that you have to discover for yourself. Just don't get mad that the most interaction you have is picking up reading letters and throwing cups - that's sort of the point."
76561198031997711,Recommended,232430,8669915,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,dclt05,I left this one feeling completely satisfied with the time I spent playing it.... A masterpiece.
,Recommended,232430,9723614,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,gerdoner,"This game is controversial. Some might even say it's not a game at all. Some love it, a lot of people hate it. And I do see their point about it being a ""non-game"" without any challenges or action. So why do I recommend it? All I can say is if you're open for a experience that's different to most games out there and look for a peaceful, quiet game with an unusual story line (for games at least) that can be beaten in about two hours give this one a shot, especially if you grew up in the mid-90s."
,Recommended,232430,9817455,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Cataly5t,"Excellent.  However, the experience 'as is' should have a price of 10$, but I'm not complaining."
,Recommended,232430,10466305,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Jay Diva,"Bravo! Bravo! This was a beautiful, beautiful experience. Highly recommended if you can catch it on sale."
,Recommended,232430,10489143,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Darq D,"Bed time story of a recent past. Epic, engaging storytelling experiance. Story is king in this in this indie title. Natural experiance at its best.Go away to a world you may have in part just had, or one that is stranger then fact.  Just be and soak up the story.I could not recommend Gone Home enough."
,Recommended,232430,10808609,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Rem,"Finished the game in two hours, but still worth it. It's a fantastic story, deeply moving, and a somehow unexpected ending. Despite lacking the action and adventure that some crave, it definitely has you hooked until the end."
,Recommended,232430,10845830,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Vazonun,"From reading the reviews before purchasing this game, I did exactly what they said to do: Wait until it's on sale.I had the item in my wishlit for a while, but waited for it to be on sale, got it for £2.24.I loved the story of Sam and Lonnie, but due to the fact of it being such a short story, I wouldn't value the game at more than £5.00.Get the game, enjoy it, but don't pay the full price."
76561198036830273,Recommended,232430,7904435,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Psychonaut,Great example of story telling through exploration done right
,Recommended,232430,7953588,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Michael,"The story of Gone Home is told through notes passed around in class, memoes from work, postcards and letters. But it is also told in furniture, beddings and wallspace. Wandering the empty house, you'll follow your younger sister Samantha and her story. But hidden around are the stories of your parents merital difficulties, your grandfather's relationship with his son and the mystery of the previous owner. And although you never lived in it, the house tells your story as well.Recommended to gamers who have the paitience and temperment for a game of minimal gameplay and wonderful storytelling."
76561198011945978,Recommended,232430,8405560,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,jdonnelly1977,"Definitely an exploration that you need to pay attention to so that by the end you have a complete picture... great, great experience."
,Recommended,232430,8415801,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,axe-336,"This was some of the best 3 hours I've had with a ""game"" in a while.  The Winter sale price of $10 is a bargain for what you're getting.  There are movies AND books that cost more and aren't as well made.I really don't want to spoil anything, but this game will draw you in to its mysteries and have you jumping at shadows as you unravel the knotty truths of your family.  The textures are very well done, and the nostalgia factor for anyone who grew up in the 90's cannot be overstated (VHS tapes of movies and shows recorded off the TV anyone?).  There are also a number of punk-tastic original songs in here that serve to illustrate the main character's sister.If you were a fan of Myst or Lighthouse back in the day, do yourself a favor:  Find a evening where you can have 3-4 hours alone, download this game, and just enjoy."
76561198004303858,Recommended,232430,8421558,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Toast of Doom,"People are giving this negative reviews, but I personaly really enjoyed it. Its not really a ""game"" as such, so dont get it if thats what you are after, its more of a visual storyteller. Its narrated at various points of the game after finding certain items, and inbetween there are other objects to slowly build a picture for the whole family. Its a little on the expensive side for the length of the game, but I found it to be very well written, and was completely drawn into the story. A very well made story!"
76561197979643793,Recommended,232430,8427448,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,RustyRaven,"I'll start of by saying this: If you didn't like Dear Esther then chances are you won't like Gone Home.The two are very similiar in design as you walk around an atmosphere filled environment with much of thestory being told through the objects and items found. It really is impressive how much you learn about Katie,the main character, even though she only speaks at the very beginning of the game.You learn about her, her parents and her sister by going through their house and uncovering the mystery ofwhere everybody is. And while that was very interesting I was able to guess the plot in the first 15 minutes.Furthermore the game is only 1.5 - 2 hours long depending on how exploration hungry you are.I'd suggest picking up this game when it's on sale, because it is a fun experience and the storysomething you just don't see that often in games."
,Recommended,232430,8442477,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,pearlstwelve,"Picked this up on after seeing several people recommend it.  Absolutely loved it.  One of those games that you have to go in to without reading anything about it and letting your imagination take control.  I felt pretty nervous for a while, not knowing what had happened to your family.  As the game progressed, it became less of a mystery, and more of a heartbreaking snapshop of this family's life."
,Recommended,232430,8467538,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,AlexPeterson09,Wow
,Recommended,232430,8509034,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,BloodBros,"This video game is amazing. It's a totally unique style using gaming as an interactive way of story telling.I notice a few negative reviews, often comparing price to game time. Rather than thinking of this as a game that you spend 30 hours completing; think of it as a 2hr experience. An experience that–like a good movie–is worth the cost.I really hope to play more games like this."
76561198018651459,Recommended,232430,8416939,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Valkyrie,"I'm not sure whether to recommend this game or not. If you've played a lot of interactive fiction, this is going to seem too simplistic to you. I wanted more puzzles to solve, and I'm frustrated that I was allowed to finish the game even though I didn't see part of the content. The game creators did an excellent job of creating an atmospere, and then toying with your expectations. For a small game, with only a few hours of game play, it did a good job, I guess, but I don't recommend it emphatically."
76561198091885226,Recommended,232430,8420737,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,phillrroberts,"Gone Home - Storytelling at its BestSo I decided to play this game after hearing all the hype but not really knowing the story other than you play as a young girl (Katie who is main character but not really more on that later on) who comes home to an empty and somewhat creepy house. I went into this game thinking it was going to be some sort of horror survival, but was pleasantly surprised where the game took me.  In the two hours it took me to complete this game, I have never felt so many emotions. They ranged from being scared to walk into a dark room to relating to some of the issues this family is going through.Story/Gameplay Overview:You play as Katie, who just arrived back to the states after spending a very nice amount of time in Europe. During that time her family “moved” into a new mansion that looks like its straight out of the movie Psycho.  Katie arrives back home late one night to an empty house in the middle of a thunderstorm. You quickly learn that there is no one there to meet you: no mom, no dad, and no little sister. Kind of strange right? You have been gone for a good year and no one is there to greet you and show you the new house. Alas, there is a note on the door! That will let you know where everyone is, right? Well it’s a note from your sister telling you “she is sorry she can’t be there, don’t go digging around the house, and hopefully you will see each other again.” Not exactly the type of note anyone would want to come home to. After getting inside, lights are flickering, the house is ransacked, and it is extremely dark in almost every room, hence my thought of this game being a survival horror game. Gameplay is simple as you walk around looking for clues to examine and find out what happened to your family. Gameplay is similar to games like Myst from the 90s. The game does a great job paying homage to the 90s. I loved seeing a Super Nintendo with several game carts in the house, finding several notes talking about playing Street Fighter in the arcade (which was a big deal in the 90s), and playing cassette tapes with punk music. I enjoyed frolicking around every corner, searching for clues and learning about each and every family member. You really start to feel for each of the family members and Katie too as she is discovering the pains, joys, and life changing secrets of each member. The event that you learn throughout the game keeps building up and keeps you from turning off the game.  I was for sure I knew how the game is going to end, but ended up pleasantly surprised the way it ended. I don’t agree with the decision, but I respect it and understand where the developers went with this. I must admit I was never a fan of the exploration games gameplay, but with the great storytelling you can’t look past these games.Sounds –Going back to what I said earlier: you play as Katie, but Sam, Katie’s sister, is really the main character. As you progress through the house, you will trigger parts where Sam is reading letters she has written to Katie. Each time she speaks there is a different tone, which is why Sam really stands out. She really is a teenager that everyone can relate too. Sam gets excited about talking about new friends she meets to being depressed and angry about conversations she has with her parents. The other part that sticks out is all the different punk bands that you can find and play. I personally did not really enjoy the music but it was fun to hear all the different bands.Replay Value –I think this is my biggest gripe about the game. After you beat it there really isn’t too much to go back to. I know that there are some secrets I missed, but I feel with everything I did find I have the full picture of each member and didn’t feel that I needed to go back and play again.  I also don’t think this would be a problem either if it was priced at $10 (price of a movie ticket) instead of $20. But since it’s priced at $20, I think there should be some replay value or something intriguing to get you to come back to the house and do it all over again.Overall:I think the game is an excellent story telling game and very easy to play and get addicted to. It is a roller coaster of emotion and worth picking up when it is on sale on Steam.Score 7.5/10"
,Recommended,232430,8420761,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Nut Buckler,"Short, sweet, fun. Worth playing for sure. Beat it in three hours. Great voice acting and storytelling. Definitely tugs the heart strings. It makes you want to find a love so beautiful."
76561198087394251,Recommended,232430,8421725,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,tyrantoftrone,Gone Home is a masterpiece in literature and angst upon your own emotions that mix and unwrap while searching the home.  Understanding everything that you see and touch by simply investigating a mystery.It is a little short in my opinion but any longer i think would have hurt the story as a strong structure that it is.I would enjoy more games that challenge the mind and also delve into a very well developed story with realstic characters as this.Loved it.
76561198052303248,Recommended,232430,8427940,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SmallArchangel,"'Gone Home' is like a good book. In fact, it IS a good book; the characterisation is believable and captivating, the story which gradually unfolds is beautifully written, compelling, and, at times, extremely moving.The attention to detail is superb, both adding to the immersion and atmosphere whilst simultaneously preventing the interactivity from being too 'obvious'. The plot is cleverly wrought, making each discovery - or hint of one - a genuine delight accompanied by a sense of achievement; and a mounting emotional involvement with the family you quickly come to know, and can feel to be your own.I recommend this game not only to gamers, but also to readers. Like a good book, I finished it at a sitting, because I couldn't put it down. Also like a good book, it is worth 're-reading'; it is only a shame I cannot loan it out to friends so they can enjoy it too..."
,Recommended,232430,8433453,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,YuccaPalm,Awesome story
,Recommended,232430,8433864,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Grimoire,"This interactive story is a story worth experiencing.The only negative I have to say about it at all is how short it is, otherwise it is excelent at what it is, and I wish there was more.  I almost wish I could go back and pay full price to further support the developer.Buy this!"
,Recommended,232430,8437588,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Meoang,"It's a great game, but it's only about an hour and a half, so I can't recommend it at full price, but I definitely recommend it for about 5 dollars or so."
76561198005654011,Recommended,232430,8438692,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Andrew,"An utterly beautiful ""game"" that nails environmental story-telling down better than anything that I've ever played before.  I'd be lying if I said that the game didn't tug at my heartstrings, and I could feel myself tearing up as the final sequence played itself out.The main story, told through audio logs that are queued by examining key items, is augmented by a couple of other sub-plots experienced only through things that you find and read.  This adds a layer of depth to the story, and really fleshes out all of the main characters.As much as I loved Gone Home, I'd be hard-pressed to recommend buying it at full price.... the game is only two hours long, and no matter how beautiful and well-crafted those two hours are, $20 is a pretty steep price tag.  For $5 in a Steam sale though.... grab this as fast as you possibly can!!!!"
,Recommended,232430,8438880,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Aura,"Beautiful, sublime, sensitive, amazing storytelling."
,Recommended,232430,8445917,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Uranaishi,"I'm only a couple of hours into the game, but the atmosphere, storytelling, and gameplay mechanics have already won me over. While your actions don't seem to affect the story, they do affect how you uncover the story, and the minute accomplishments of discovering and uncovering a new clue or key have been just as, if not more so, rewarding then defeating any boss. I'll post more once I finish, but I definitely recommend everyone pick up this game, just for gameplay world and story alone."
76561197961511123,Recommended,232430,8449045,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ForSpareParts,"I got a great 2 hours out of Gone Home. I finished it, and I liked it. But I like wandering around weird, slightly creepy places and soaking up the ambiance, so your mileage might vary?"
76561197985585369,Recommended,232430,8449731,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Saehild,"I'd recommend this game because it took the formula of earning xp, beating monsters, racing to optimize stats and destroyed all of those elements in favor of a true, cinematic experience. Get it while it's on sale! This is an experience worthwhile."
,Recommended,232430,8456533,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,ThreeSpoons,"More an experience than a game, this interactive narrative is very difficult to review as it is best played not knowing anything about the story.Absolutely worth playing if you are bored of the genericness of a lot of todays video games and you would like to play something engaging and different."
76561198052343302,Recommended,232430,8458565,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Lackadaisicalgrace,"Let me start by saying that 'Gone Home' is truely spectacular, and I hesitate to think of a game like it. It left me feeling dazed and light headed; I rarely have felt so connected to a story within a game. 'Gone Home' seems to reach out to the player and gently guide you along through at your own pace, and with very little interference, yet you find yourself desperate to know what happened to this family; the heartbreak is so real that it leads you to a strange kind of sadness, one that is quite hard to articulate. Everyone should experience this game, for their own sake really."
,Recommended,232430,8459037,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Celinor,"Awesome game.  Reasonably short but well worth buying.  Simple gameplay but it has a gripping and heart wrenching storyline.  Probably the best indy game I've ever played and definitely one of the best games of 2013. If you like games for their incredible story telling and not just their graphics or game systems then buy this, you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,232430,8525101,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,TheJeweledHorn,Lesbian coming of age love story. Not what I expected but very good.
,Recommended,232430,8531524,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,MadDudeHorse,I just finished Gone Home and found it a heartfelt and moving story with some interesting subplots. The way that so much could be conveyed with only voice-over and in-game items (text etc) was cool. The solid dose of 90's nostalgia was nice (even if I was only a kid in the 90's). That said I am glad I got this in the Steam Sales as it's relatively short length doesn't really justify the $20 price tag (IMHO).
76561197975377496,Recommended,232430,8532759,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Hito,"I just finished the game ""Gone Home."" It was really good with an awesome story and narrative. The game captured the feelings and emotions of being human and being a teenager in the mid-90s. It hit a lot of nostalgia for me and made much things have changed. The other cool thing was seeing all the band names on the posters/flyers, seeing ""Zines,"" and punk/punk band concert posters. I remember making both of those things back in the day... Quite refreshing. Also, I really dug the soundtrack! I miss raw and real music. Most of the stuff today is so sterile even if the singer is putting all their emotion into the music it still comes across as a packaged good.Overall; top notch!"
,Recommended,232430,8535421,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Number1sikko,"Fantastic, emotional Story. The best game I played throughout 2013."
,Recommended,232430,8536614,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Chiguiro Ninja,"An absolute must buy for any fan of interactive storytelling. A very touching story told in a masterful way, definitely a great example of how to convey a story through a video game."
,Recommended,232430,8539351,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Gerishnakov,Wow. Like reading a short story. On an emotional par with Telltale's The Walking Dead.
,Recommended,232430,8542714,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Dexeh,"Great, but VERY SHORT (under two hours) game. Not worth paying full price for. Get it on sale, but get it!"
76561198095586079,Recommended,232430,8544214,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Black Wolff,"Wow ,i'll start by saying its quite rare that i come across a game like this ,and when playing a game to fill my spare time did not expect to become so enthrawled in the story.This slow paced ""take your time""game was very enjoyable,intresting, emotional and quite creepy.I highly recommend ""Gone Home"" to anyone."
,Recommended,232430,8548303,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Equivocator,Why'd you have to go get yourself all Gone again?
,Recommended,232430,8548586,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,meow AKCat,"Gone Home is easily the best narrative game I've played. While it's a short game (only two hours) it was well worth the $20 I spent on it. It's a great game to get lost in. Turn off the lights, turn up the sound, and go home."
76561198013593703,Recommended,232430,8549482,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Melkbeg,"This was a quick game to play, but I really enjoyed it.  I kept thinking something was going to jump out, but nothing ever did.  (Maybe I just don't like walking around empty houses.) I definitely shed a few tears. I wish it was a little longer, but I still recommend it based on the interesting story.  You are following the story of your little sister, but if you pay attention you can learn a lot about the entire family.  I would love to say more, but I don't want to spoil it!"
,Recommended,232430,8550641,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,dragyn999,"8.0 out of 10Most I would pay: $7No spoilers. ""Gone Home"" is a well parced-out piece of interactive fiction. You encounter clues to what has transpired at your house in the year since you left. Journal entries hint and play with your expectations. You spend the game looking for something to read, not something to do.The plot's uniqueness within the medium is ""Gone Home's"" main selling-point. If this were a short-story, I wouldn't necessarily have sought it out. Be aware that it will only take 2-3 hours to beat, even if you stop to look at everything. But for its strengths, its worth taking a look."
76561197968510418,Recommended,232430,8556155,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,I'm Tiny RIK!!,"I don't want to spoil anything, but this was absolutely worth the 2-3 hour investment. The more time you put in, the more you will get out of it."
,Recommended,232430,8556626,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,evilspoons,A unique way to tell a story. Definitely worth the couple hours it takes to play through.
,Recommended,232430,8562777,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,neonium,Good game. Narative is a litle bit predictable but they try to keep you guessing. Even if you know were it's headed in the first 5 minutes the narative is still really well done and the atmosphere perfect.
76561198048183280,Recommended,232430,8563295,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Delphi,"I REALLY loved Gone Home, it left me quite impacted at the end. I enjoyed that it had a lot of relateability, it gave me a nice sense of nostalgia with it's 90's setting and I relished in being able to find every single tiny piece of hidden information within the game. Some people might not like to call it a game but even if you don't believe it is (I do) it is definitely an interactive experience I believe everyone should try sometime...it's only about a 1.5-2 hour game guys come on =P"
,Recommended,232430,8565703,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Buster,"I love art games. Games with no win condition, no test of skill. Games that only exist to tell a story, to immerse you in an experience like no other medium can. I've played and enjoyed a lot of them, but if I had to recommend just one that I think everyone should play, Gone Home is it. Everything about it is beautiful - the environment, the atmosphere, and, of course, the story it has to tell."
,Recommended,232430,8567593,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Antagonist,"A good game that has you thinking what happened to your family, and why the house is empty. My only complaint is the price, it only takes about 2 hours to beat the game, it's a great experience, but I would recommend getting it on sale."
,Recommended,232430,8567626,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Bakkefar,"You don't have to ""save the world"" to have a great experience."
,Recommended,232430,9187461,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,The Great Goob,"One of the best games I've ever played. The premise is simple, you are Katie, a girl who left her family to travel abroad. You come home years later to find that none of your family is there. And your given one task, figure out where they went. But you quickly realize that this game isn't about solving a mystery or figuring out a puzzle, but it's about Sam, your little sister. I'm not going to spoil anything as that would ruin the entire game, but it's beautiful. Never before had a game so deeply intrigued me that I dropped everything I was doing and simply enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,232430,9190026,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,frunkaf,People either abhor this game for not consisting of traditional streamlined gameplay elements or get all hippy hipster about the provocative social commentary-BLA BLA BLA!I like this game.The characterization is excellent. The voice acting is superb. The sound is just amazing.I had crazy nostalgia feels revisiting 90's pop culture.♥♥♥♥ all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Get it when it's on sale below $10 and you won't be disappointed.
,Recommended,232430,9197170,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,sikapwach,"The most emotional experience I've ever had playing a game.  Due to the content of the story it'll either be a hit or miss depending on your own personal experiene, but I think it does exactly what it sets out to do."
,Recommended,232430,9201219,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,raincoatduck,"I loved Gone Home.It's funny and emotionally-involving and seriously pushes the boundaries of video games. It's the warmer, more human flip-side to the Stanley Parable.I bought it a couple days after it came out (and before it got summarily♥♥♥♥♥♥upon by gamers who were shocked, SHOCKED to find out this game was very much what it purported to be).If the main plot of the story has been ""spoiled"" to you, it's fine. It's still completely worth the trip. The point of the story is not some kernel of information you're trying to figure out. It is. as it says it is, an exploration game, it's about the whole experience of an unfolding story."
76561197968016924,Recommended,232430,9201544,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,duo,Good game... for $4.99 or $9.99. The current cost of $19.99 is NOT worth it.
76561198119796791,Recommended,232430,9209368,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,topswifter,"This GAME is one of those games that captivates you and makes you rethink life.When First Playing the Game, you notice that the dynamic environment sucks you in and takes over your mind. The eerie, creepy, and lonely house makes this game much more than a usual exploration game.I had to look online to see if this was a horror game, because although I love horror games, I felt like something was going to jump out at me when I turned EVERY SINGLE CORNER!!!!Whilst the actual game isnt as long as most games are, the attention to detail of EVERY SINGLE ITEM is something that the developers should be very proud of. To be able to see every note, every picture, and every letter and be able to clearly read it is an accomplishment in its own.I recommend this game to anyone who likes to be captivated for a few hours in a rich and thoughful story."
76561198028470562,Recommended,232430,9213414,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,THE AIDS VIRUS,"While I can't say that I was utterly astounded at the length of the game, I actually wouldn't want it to be any longer or shorter than it is. Once i got over the fact that nothing would jump out at me as it would truly be the scariest thing in the world, I kept jumping to conclusions over where this story was taking me. When it finally unraveled, I was heartbrokenly happy, and I instantly wanted to share the game with other people, which is what a good story should inspire us to do.I should add, I wouldn't be excited to pay full price for the game, but people spend 15 bucks on a few drinks at the bar they pee out, this is worth the hour or two of your time and in the end the story stays and the game is still yours as opposed to aimlessly flushed."
,Recommended,232430,9217407,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Piratical,"Wow. I loved this story and setting so much. Such an interesting kind of game. I played it all the way through in one sitting because I couldn't walk away. It's short, but the story is unique for gaming. I know a lot of people didn't like it, and I wouldn't pay full price, but it has a lot to appreciate.Knowing little/nothing about the game, I was surprised that my character was female and that the story centered around clues to the lives of mostly other females. I enjoyed the setting (though it's a little young for me...it was still relatable), the music, and certainly the twist...which is way too rare in games."
76561197991522232,Recommended,232430,9241440,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Munchezuma,"Excellent game. It was a different gaming experience for me, but completely engrossing for the two hours of time I spent in the game. Well worth it."
,Recommended,232430,9242770,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Hanky,"Never have I felt such an attatchment to characters in a game like this. The narrative is absolutly fantastic. Usually I question the money I spend on games, but this was completely worth the buy."
,Recommended,232430,9250982,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,beefsack,"A unique experience, if a little short, of a game showing you don't need anything more than a person walking alone through a house to craft an amazing gameplay experience.  Not replayable but still highly recommended."
76561197993345683,Recommended,232430,9253050,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,JGWentworth877,"Growing up with the Rand Miller Myst games, I've always had a soft spot for adventure games.  Now all these years later, I hear of this ""Gone Home"" game and I was estatic that there could be another adventure game.  Reviews circulate and pretty well say, this is a good one to try out.  It's a short game, but it's a good one.  I set up an entire day for this game and boy was I surprised, it's not a ""good game"" or a ""lame game"", It's a FANTASTIC game!  This game is dripping with immersion and creativity and it's just so well done.  Every room feels different in this house and every wood crick and thunder strike coming from the outside sounds absolutely unique.  The house feels like it is living and breathing as you are playing through it.  Highly recommended.  If you are into mystery games or games that make you think, give this a whirl.  However, if you are into First Person Shooters that are shallow and want some ""quick action""....look elsewhere.  9.6/10"
,Recommended,232430,9276195,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Naxo :3,A great atmosphere and a perfectly told story makes this a truly immersive experience and a marvelous game.
,Recommended,232430,9276269,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,CarolynRae,"I overall enjoyed this game quite a bit. However, I think if the 'oooh spooky spooky' aspect of it were to be dropped, players would be more relaxed and take their time.I would not buy this game for full price. I bought it on sale, and I reccommend those reading this do as such. It's a nice game, and the attention to detail is great. Actually, I'd like to see this format in many different time eras. That being said, its not a lot of game time (I rounded out at about 2 hours, though some have gotten longer times)If its on sale, yes. If not... just wait for a sale."
,Recommended,232430,9287231,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,student 20,"Not so much a game, as it is a beautiful story well told. The visuals are perfect for what this is, and unlike other similar games, Gone Home is not pretentious: it has a story for you to experience, and that's all. Wonderfully done. I look forward to more from this studio and these writers."
,Recommended,232430,9288146,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Super King,It was good but not great.  The story overall was good but I didn't like how it ended.  I give it a meh out of 10.
76561198091342753,Recommended,232430,9306500,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Ollie2113,"The only reason I'm writing a review is because there seem to be so many people leaving negative ones. I enjoyed the experience of playing Gone Home. It's an exploration where you slowly connect the dots, really atmospheric too."
76561197994464711,Recommended,232430,9307491,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,sgi2000,"This game is a real pieces of art. Only a piece of art can make you sad when it's all over.I had a complete 100% immersion during this game and it took me a couple of minutes to return to the real world after I finished it. It's hard to explain the gameplay. The game itself has just a bunch of items to explore and some keys to find, but the actual  gameplay takes place inside your head, when you are trying to understand what happened to your family, what's they've been through during the last year when you were gone.Outstanding."
76561197983802302,Recommended,232430,9311038,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Ekko,"Not sure if I'd call it a ""Narrative Game"".  Perhaps ""Interactive Story"" would be more appropriate.  Either way, I loved Gone Home.The layout and ambience of the house added to the immersive atmosphere that seemed to grow as the broader story unfolded.  By the end, I felt as if I had walked around a friend’s home.The voice acting complimented the younger sister perfectly, and the minimal intermittent background music never became intrusive.  For those old enough, the audio atmosphere had a Twin Peaks vibe.Don’t expect an action game or some unfathomable, overly complex story.  Gone Home is more like a friendly story told around a campfire.  The characters have stuck with me well after I had played it.  Maybe it's growing up in the 80s and 90s that made me nostalgic for this game, but I cannot wait to become lost in the Fullbright Company’s next story."
,Recommended,232430,9313848,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,winger,Immersive and interesting. Takes about 2 hours to complete when you take it slowly. I really enjoyed the experience. I'd buy more games of this style for sure.
76561198078387582,Recommended,232430,9667215,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,istrokemy,"GREAT GAME. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!All i will say, EXPLORE the house. This game tells a great story in such a unique way. For fans of story based games that are ""out-of-the-box"" this game is for you. If you enjoy weird games like Flower, Journey, Thomas Was Alone, Fex, and other's like them, this game is highly recommended to you by me.This game deserves a 10/10 in my opinion.The igame is a bit short though, but I still LOVED it."
,Recommended,232430,9700935,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,ANO | Da_NKP,"While I wish there were a couple of differences, Gone Home was awesome! Also, I spotted Christine Love in the credits of this game. I don't know if this is the same (infamous :D) Love that made the Hate series on steam (Analogue and Hate+), but the game did resemble some of her style, so if you liked Love's other games, you should definately get his one."
,Recommended,232430,9701604,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Zeus,Superb.
,Recommended,232430,9935823,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,jpettifer,I really enjoyed my time in Gone Home.  I found it extremely engaging and I wanted to finish as soon as possible.As soon as possible in this case is well under 2 hours.  Which is very short really and at $20 is a bit of a rip off (please wait for a sale).It is more of an interactive short story than a game as the puzzles are very very simple and there is no real challenges produced (even with the spooky atmosphere)
,Recommended,232430,9940738,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Nathalie,"Gone Home features a love story that is an accurate representation of what first love feels like, in no small part due to the outstanding voice acting.Be aware that gameplay is limited to exploring the house and looking at or reading things you find lying around. There is no combat at all – I suggest googling ""Gun Home"" if this bothers you (or just for giggles). :)Not worth the €19 price tag given that the game is fairly short, but definitely worth picking up during a sale."
76561197964296964,Recommended,232430,9942562,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Polar Bear,Great story. Takes about two hours but it's really fun and has excitement at different parts.
76561198040788273,Recommended,232430,9946378,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,seals_the_deals,This game is a work of art. It mangaged to grab me almost immediately and didn't let go for the entire 2 hour experience as it wove a deeply intimate story. It's really like nothing I've played before. Highly reccomend.
,Recommended,232430,10002103,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,JS,"I enjoyed the mechanics, The story was alright, though the best part was how it was delivered. plus the 90's refrences was very enjoyable.it only is about 2 hours long and thats if you stop to look at every little thing, while this is very well done I would suggest waitin for a sale."
,Recommended,232430,9994664,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,CobaltSkky,WOW WOW WOW
,Recommended,232430,10010721,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Jeff the Geek,"Simple game, really almost an interactive story that unfolds with you in the middle.  Quite lovely."
76561198015191230,Recommended,232430,10460345,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,HamSandwich,"While I enjoyed ""playing"" this, I can't really cassify it as a game. It's hard to explain exactly what it is, not quite a game but I think it's more than a mere ""walking simulator"", as there's a kind of story progression. Personally I liked pretty much every aspect of it, apart from being able to inspect things you can pick up when barely any of them offer anything new by doing so. I don't think it's worth £15 but would still recommend if you catch it on sale and aren't looking for a ""serious"" game."
76561198091241853,Recommended,232430,10463157,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Patantrad,"A very good mystery adventure game. When you first enter the house you'll probably think ""Ooooh, scary, its gotta be a ghost adventure game."" Well, as you go along you realize it's not that at all. And the story that is true is quite original indeed. Good for someone who likes games that make you think about how to actually beat it. PS. Yes this probably isnt a good review but its the first I've done. :)"
76561198044943304,Recommended,232430,10463656,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Docter Marvel,Fantastic.
,Recommended,232430,10464644,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,D3ATH ROW3,This game made me cry. Absolutely beautiful.
76561197972638040,Recommended,232430,10469970,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,B£@$TER,"Very artistic. It takes a seemingly common story and manages to deliver it with all the emotions that it would in the real life. A masterpiece in its own kind. Don't play it for the sake of playing, but for an emotional experience. The focus lies on the storytelling, not the gameplay, like an interactive movie."
76561197979609703,Recommended,232430,10785769,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,chrissszy,"Interesting experiment and touching story.  Short, but that's a good thing.  I got it for 3 bucks, and that was about right."
76561198056307438,Recommended,232430,10787644,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,InsaneJackLondon,"I never asked for this feel, but damn it this game gave it to me."
,Recommended,232430,10794585,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ms Vynom,"This game can easily pull you in and although it keeps true to it's promise of no monsters, the feeling that something might just show up anyway, never leaves or lessens. Your mind pieces the story together, offering various possibilities - some dark, some not.However, after everything...I'll say I don't feel the ending packed as much of a punch as the clues hinted. Never-the-less; Gone Home is a beautiful exploration game whose story isn't so far fetched -- and maybe that's why I felt the ending was lackluster.So overall, I'd say an 8/10."
,Recommended,232430,10806042,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,EriruTakas,Great little game.  Really makes your mind wander as you walk around the house trying to figure out what is going on.  I also realise I watch way to  much ID TV with the wife...
,Recommended,232430,10810444,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,modent,Great Game!
76561198122086860,Recommended,232430,10456145,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,ironman0687,"Caution: NOT A HORROR GAME AT ALLI only selected ""no"" for this game only because the description on Steam inferred that it might be scary and suspenseful. Unfortunately, it was neither. There was definitely good atmosphere for it to be scary: occasional thunder, creeky floors, weird noises, etc. However, the other reviews are accurate in that you basically walk around picking up certain notes and triggering audio journals of your character's sister. No monsters, no serial killers, and no vengeful spirits."
,Recommended,232430,10467154,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Firemaw,"A slow moving, yet incredibly intriguing and emotional story, narrated wonderfully in past tense."
76561197998511235,Recommended,232430,10475449,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,KungFood,"This game is a work of art. I have never played a game where the characters felt so real. Honestly, it takes a lot for a tough guy like me to cry in a video game.. During the last 15 minutes of the game I teared up.. okay I cried like a baby.. especially the 'Detication' journal entry and the entires leading up to the ending.I know this type of game isn't for everyone and two hours of gameplay may not seem to be worth the $20 price tag.. but if you want a unique gameplay experience where you peice together small narriatives to get a bigger picture of the story.. this game is up your ally"
76561198019866567,Recommended,232430,10480188,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,(F22R) EnemyOnline,"i enjoyed this game, its a nice peacefull walk-em-up (as i like to call them) clearly not for everybody, but for those whom are interested i would wait untill its on sale, $20 for 3Hrs is a bit overpriced, however when you do get around to playing, do not read the negative reviews, might spoil it a bit for you. also the more you exlpore the more invested you become in the family and the more you will understand about each one of them."
76561198006677767,Recommended,232430,10484691,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,AcidXero,"I loved this game. Even though it may be short (I beat it in a little over an hour) it was great. There were so many emotions that poured through me throughout the game. It's like a movie that you reveal everything that is happening piece by piece. I recommend playing it. Buy it at full price to help the developers so they can make another masterpiece like this. Or, buy it on sale. But don't sit on the game like I did. Play it. For the love of Science, play it."
,Recommended,232430,10805631,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Xevabis,"I would hesitate to call this a game, more like an interactive 3D visual novel. That said, the story is amazing well-crafted, even giving me a little twist at the end. The graphics are very well done, as they should be for a game that is all about the visuals and story. The audio is also very good. There is not much gameplay besides looking for the next path or picking up objects, but the developers knew what to focus on to get their vision to the consumer. This game is not for everybody, but if you love stories in games, this one is for you."
,Recommended,232430,10851611,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,alternate_histories,"A beautiful game; there are no enemies, it's just an eloquent story told very well, with exploration thrown in.My only complaint is that it's only 2 hours long, but you'll miss out if you don't pick this up when it's on sale."
76561197997277724,Recommended,232430,10882714,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,PhatDix,So far a good game to sit down and play casually. Good for unwinding
,Recommended,232430,8413491,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Cinderella,An amazing narrative experiance not to be missed.
,Recommended,232430,8434125,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Stonelane1827,"An amazing emotional ride. By far one of the best 'non-games' this year and for someone who grew up in that era an amazingly accurate portrayal, love the tapes"
,Recommended,232430,8441649,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Seroz,"Game is beast if you have a IQ over 50, or enjoy narratives."
76561197991680382,Recommended,232430,8441687,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,[STARS]TyranT,"I cannot descibe in word the effect this game on me. But I was literally in tears by the ending. It's so subtle, so utterly perfect.It's a game for people who feel a story and characters rule over any set piece, any boss battle. It's a game about simply living in someones life for 2 hours and discovering a mystery.The effect by the end is spectacular. I love this game. My Game of the Year 2013."
,Recommended,232430,8453942,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,inhumanrampager,"This game has the most brilliant narration I've ever heard. I nearly cried at the story and how it unfolded. Is it the most action paced brutal game ever? No, not by any means, nor should it be. This game sets out to do one thing: tell a story. And it does exactly that. To be honest, I'd love to hear this narration overlap a movie with the protagonist Katie runnign around finding the journals, while the movie flashes back to the scenes being narrated. This is one of the most brilliant games to come out in 2013, and I feel like a better human being for having played it."
76561198014898671,Recommended,232430,8491524,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,plus_one,"Gone Home stands as a game that reminds the player that video games can be a medium for excellent storytelling.  It blends simplistic exploration seamlessly with a somber tale and walks a fine line between genres.If you are willing to see a game that pushes the artistic and narrative capabilities of gaming, I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,232430,8500074,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,CJ,"It is amazing the kind of depth and response that this game was able to create with such a simple mechanic. It is a short game with little to no replayability, but that is what is expected of this kind of setup, and did not disappoint."
,Recommended,232430,8544268,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Wood U. Kinelee,"It's hard to argue with any of the negative comments regarding this game. Yes, it isn't a traditional game per se (at least as we know them now). There are no enemies (other than boredom for the ADD set), a single setting and quest; it's all story, little action, and it's pretty short.So why do I recommend it?Because it tells a beautiful story to which many of us who grew up in the 90s can relate, and it does so remarkably well. Aided by a nicely rendered, moody and atmospheric setting, and incredible attention to detail, GONE HOME tells the tale of a woman who comes home to find her family gone and is thus tasked to explore every room in the house for clues as to their whereabouts. A simple enough setup that triggers a superbly written story of teenage angst, alienation, and love. And essentially that's what GONE HOME is: a love story, so inevitably the hormonal COD-crowd will hate it, and that's fine, despite the fact that a game like this--one I suspect, and hope we'll see more of in the future--should appeal to everyone. The women in the game--two of whom form the core of the story--are for a nice change not represented as damsels in distress (stressed, yes; helpless, no) waiting to be saved by some unkillable action hero. They're human and strong, and you'd have to be an absolute coldfish not to find yourself drawn into their story, something made all that much easier by the exceptional voice talents employed to convey it.Call it a game, call it a story, call it one or the other. What can't be denied is the value of the experience, and GONE HOME certainly proved a worthwhile one for me. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,232430,8561976,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Justafleshwound,"great game, just wish it was a little longer."
76561197964152755,Recommended,232430,8567866,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,mrpuck,"Definitely not for everyone.  Narrative adventure, don't expect an action packed game.  With that said though I enjoyed it and liken it to watching a movie, and that's about it's length as well.  Has a great story and fun for those who enjoy exploring."
76561198050280491,Recommended,232430,8575580,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Arli_Kat,"This game is a very different experience that I wouldn't recommend to everyone; however, the story is captivating and engrossing. The more you explore the house, the more you learn about the family. The sub-plot is really shocking and heart-breaking when you figure it out (You can only truly figure it out, by exploring EVERYTHING in the house). The love story is beautiful. If you like games that make you think, play this."
,Recommended,232430,9617103,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Bekokstover,"I do get the complaints about the short time in which you can finish this game (and the steep price for it), but both me and my girlfriend had a great time playing this. Never mind the fact that there's few puzzles: the interactivity is the discovery and being in this convincing 1995 universe. This is a game, just not what most people would expect. The story is superb, and it does on occasion bring a tear to your eye. Unique experience, definitely recommended."
,Recommended,232430,9676516,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,NN,"Been playing quite a few story games lately, and ""gone home"" is quite the trip. It feels like a playable diary, the content in it is beautiful written, it feels real and intimate. Reminds me of my first love, the times when I'd do anything for love."
,Recommended,232430,9792986,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,DeerDeer,"Gone Home is a triple A survival horror game in which you return home from holiday to find that your residence is completely abandonned and spooky cute lesbian ghosts have started squatting in your home.""It's a not game that's not a game."" - Hollywood Superstar Zac Innes""I'd play it, probably. 10/10"" - Jesus"
76561197970763625,Recommended,232430,9995887,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,mayhew3,"Wonderful and emotional story, structured in a delightful exploratory world. A short but meaningful experience.That said, could use more zombies. I loooooove zombies."
76561198035059109,Recommended,232430,10858921,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,johnnybegood1230,"Yes, while ""Gone Home"" is indeed short, it's a great little story that can be completed in one sitting.However, there's some ideas that could have been expanded a lot more, especially the supernautural topics.  They are not explored as much as the game hints at, and the game kind of leads you on to suspect paranormal elements are at work here, but then tosses it to the side.Otherwise, it's an enjoyable concept ss long as you know what you are in for."
,Recommended,232430,10861771,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Ty-Dragonmist,"Very great story the atmosphere is enthralling. You have the sense that something or someone is always near but really you're just alone. The whole story step by step unravels the tale of Kate's younger sister, Sam. Kate has come home to find that her sister has run off and looks for reasons why. It's very enchanting... at least I think so. I would definetly reccomend it!"
,Recommended,232430,10868915,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,cathy1c1,"Playing this game made me feel like reading a short book. It is calming and uncomplicated, though it can be a bit tiring sometimes. In my opinion it was waaaay too short (I had it played through in less than 100 minutes), but since that's something I expected, it didn't bother me too much. All in all it was a nice game with an interesting story."
,Recommended,232430,10885065,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Theeangryvegan,"How to describe this game... it's kind of short (though not really an issue), not what I was expecting (though what that was I have no idea) , but quite the interesting concept. It has a nice and well crafted story/narrative with good visuals and plenty of objects to interact with. There is no reason to play it again, but it was well worth the 3 bucks I paid and 80 minutes I spent ""experiecning"" it. 7/10"
,Recommended,232430,10886528,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Nes8,"The story and details in Gone Home are absolutely brilliant. It's worth a play-through for the nostalgia value alone.However, a word of caution: the game is more of an interactive short story than anything. It's emotional, it's amazingly detailed (you can actually pick up on a lot more than the story reveals if you pay attention to details), and it's very well written... But it's not worth the $20 price tag. It's just too short. If you can get it on sale, though, do it."
,Recommended,232430,9159119,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Howrd,"Amazing, the new game I'm going to reference when anyone bemoans the lack of insteresting female characters or sensitive portrayals of LGBT issues in modern video gaming. The most intriguing game narrative I've ever played, especially for a child of the 90s!"
,Recommended,232430,9214770,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Woodsierpanda,If only I had time to read all those notes... Very good game though.
,Recommended,232430,9253948,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,DeathShiva,"Very fun! But didn't know it was going to stop you at a certain place at ""the end"". You can find way more cluses than I did."
,Recommended,232430,9422839,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Quietsmurf,Super immersive. This game will kick you right in the feels.
,Recommended,232430,9444746,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Great Tree Crab,"Wow this is one of the most thought out games I have ever seen. Not worth $20, but for $8 it was great..."
,Recommended,232430,9464278,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Cloudunderfire,While its short its definitley worth a go.  Gone Home is a compelling story with possibly the creepiest environment in a game that keeps you second guessing whats going to happen next.  This is the kind of game that will resonate with you long after the 3 hours spent exploring the seemingly vacant house and putting the pieces together of your sisters dissapearance.
,Recommended,232430,9972521,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,ANBUwilson,"Gone Home was a great game that kept me satisfied til the last second.  The game wasn't very long, but I couldn't stop playing it til it was over.  Most games don't hold my interest like that but an exploration game doing so, it was new a refreshing.  Imagine coming home to visit your family, but no one is home.  The only thing left is large empty house filled with mystery.What the games does well is it keeps you guessing on what really is gone.  At every turn you discover something new and it makes you change your theories and doubts.  The overall design of the game is nothing new but the detail put into the overall experience really shows how much effort the developers put into it.The graphics are awesome, they remind me of the animated look of the bioshock series, realistic with slightly catroonish hints of color and design.  Honestly the game could have been longer, there could have been a better payoff at the end but I do understand why it ended the way it did.  But when you get a taste of something good, something great you want more of it.Graphics-  4/5Sound-  4/5Controls-  3/5Misc-  5/5"
76561197965137639,Recommended,232430,10454632,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,THEEXPLODINGCHICKEN,"Hugely rewarding experience. The atmosphere is strong and unnerving as you walk throughout the house, discovering family secrets and unravelling the ultimate story of the game. There's no weapons, no enemies, just you and your sister's experiences in life. I may go back and play again just to see how much I missed.***** - 5 Stars"
76561198122969753,Recommended,232430,10455084,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,angstbucket,2Spooky.  2cute4me.  10/10 would recomend (but only if it is on sale).
,Recommended,232430,10455997,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Poisonformymind,"I didn't know much about this game before playing it but I must say I really enjoyed it. It's short and sweet and the story was really well told. I'd give it a 9/10 total. Wish there was a bit more to it, but still I highly recommend it."
76561198036487942,Recommended,232430,10457156,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,[uA.A] Bloody_Tofu,"It's a book that you walk and interact too. Fun story, simple yet involving as each 'chapter' unlocks. Get it on sale and enjoy. Bout 2 hours of playing time."
,Recommended,232430,8635569,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Zorgulon,"A huge, dark and unoccupied house is the unnerving setting for an intimate exploration of your fictional family's past year, and even their distant past. The action of carefully exploring every recess of the house and inspecting every potential clue is compelling in a detective-story kind of way, as you gradually learn what's happened in the lives of your family since you've been abroad.The main plotline of your absent sister unfolds in audiodiaries as you find key items, and its story of everyday teenaged drama is remarkably moving, in no small part due to the gradual way you uncover aspects of her personality and childhood.But aside from the main mystery, there are tidbits of information to be gleaned about all the members of your family. The true success of this game is the remarkable depth surrounding the main storyline, not explicitly delivered to you, but there to find for yourself. The story that these secrets tell, that you can play the game through without ever finding, is very much worth the effort.An engrossing, emotionally arresting, and most of all rewarding game, that will keep you thinking about it long after you finish."
76561197998882094,Recommended,232430,8636695,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Skull Kid,"Frankly, this game is beautiful. Let me rephrase that...this experience is beauiful. I'm nto sure I could actually call it a game, as there is no real challenge, but more of a interactive story. That being said, it is beautifully told, and ultimatly a rewarding experience."
,Recommended,232430,8642409,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,smooney3,"Really good game.  The story is excellent and develops at a good pace.  It's short enough to finish in a couple of hours, but I'd say it's just about the right length for what it is.  There's no challenge to, well, any of it, but there's not supposed to be.  It's well worth the time and money to give it a go.  Very much recommended."
76561197970638322,Recommended,232430,8643093,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Nidhogg,Wow what a cool... experience... I guess it is a game but it is both more and less than a game. Well worth a play through at any rate.
,Recommended,232430,8644865,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Dokt0r Gunn,"Not what I expected, short, but pretty good. 6.9/10"
,Recommended,232430,8667584,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Rimbaudelaire,"Quiet, simple but quietly, simply excels at what it sets out to do."
,Recommended,232430,8683506,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,SpaceNinjas,"Fans of Dear Esther should be sure to spend the hour or so required to experience Gone Home. Like Dear Esther, it's another intimate, personal character study revealed over time as you explore an interactive environment. Although it lacks the visual splendor of Dear Esther's island, the collection of ephemera (and mixtapes!) provide a satisfying slow reveal of a family's growth and struggle during the year that our protagonist has been away.It's worth reiterating: this game is only an hour or two long. You'll probably want to pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,232430,8684214,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,MontemayorIII,Great indie game. Highly recommend to those who crave exploration and a well formed story.
,Recommended,232430,9157670,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Ugly,"THis game although may not be worth 20 dollars to some, I still reccomend trying to get it somehow. On sale would be best, but 20 is a decent pirce if your willing to pay.The game gave off an erie vibe the entire time and deffinetly creeped me out from the start of the game. Id you pay attention and grasp the story, its actually really nice."
,Recommended,232430,9159645,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,ZeLT,"Finding a game where you can develop a deep, emotional connection with the characters is beyond compare. Throughout all of my playthrough, I couldn't help but move along with the emotional rollercoaster throughout, whether it be happy, frustrated or nervous. I felt as though I was Katie by the end, and I love her sister and Lonnie sooo much now. Simple, but one of the best games I've ever played by far."
,Recommended,232430,9161590,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,85FastLane,"Brilliant and beautiful! This game sucked me in with its gothic aesthetic and an aura that creeps into reality while you play. I love the story and the way it is told, even if it is presented in a fairly convenient way, sacrificing some authenticity when viewed retrospectively from the end of the game. Gone Home is suggestive and nudges towards a new vision of what ""gaming"" means. Like others, three hours is about all you need to play it through, but it will be three hours you won't soon forget!"
76561197995652048,Recommended,232430,9162195,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,HappyEngineer,"This game really surprised me. This game is not for everyone, but as a long time gamer I am constantly on the lookout for new and different things. This game was short, but very engrossing. The normal price is kinda high for what it is, but I got it on the V-day special and it was definitely worth it at that price.The next time you see the game for $5, go ahead and get it."
,Recommended,232430,9177183,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,quad341,"This is again a narrative experience. It definitely isn't a game insomuch as it doesn't have gameplay other than exploring and looking about. But the narrative really makes it worth while. Honestly, this feels like what Dear Esther should have felt like. Exploration with a purpose.Contrary to what I (for one reason or another) though, there really is no horror/scariness here. It is really just a story that you explore to find. It is excellently well done though. The pacing is never really off and the environment is enough fun to look around (at least if you remember the 90's; not sure otherwise) while looking for the next narrative thread.I will say the story is progressive to try to reveal nothing. Hopefully not much/at all, but that's just hope with a hint of politics.If you appreciate stories in games, this is for you. If you are looking for anything else (including an actual game), this is not. It's short but a very good experience."
76561198052106164,Recommended,232430,9184960,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Satan,Absolutely phenomenal storytelling. A must play in my book.
,Recommended,232430,9185587,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Nally.,"Gone Home is a remake of the RPG RTS cult classic of the same name.  From start to finish is pulse puounding action and thrills.Manage your soldiers, form alliancies, and rule of the home the you have ""gone home"" to.  My one major complaint is that there seems to be no storyline.  What am I working towards?  What is my purpose?-Great gramphics-Great grameplayI give this game a:Is there a god?  out 10"
,Recommended,232430,9186969,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,VineShield,"I loved this game, such a simple concept but beautiful and engaging story that was well worth the few hours it took to play through. I will definitely be going through it again to listen to the developer commentary!"
76561198128303903,Recommended,232430,9314362,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,siera,"This game is super creepy and that much I really liked about it. I kept expecting something to jump out at me or to see a ghost somewhere. I must admit, I am a little disappointed that nothing scary ever really happened.As you start playing the game you think something is terribly wrong at the house. After playing for a bit, I started thinking it was the ghost of the uncle that scared the whole family away.  I even walked into a bathroom at one point and found blood all over the tub. That’s when I thought; oh man here the scary part comes! But it didn’t.The story is pretty interesting. As you go along you find out more about Sam and her relationship with a woman named Lonnie. It was cool to be able to search around and find notes and clues to advance the plot. It is a cool story but not the scary story I went in expecting.If you search around you can find some pretty scary things but you have to use your imagination a lot to make this story scary. It’s a forbidden love story hidden in a scary atmosphere."
,Recommended,232430,9323787,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Jojen,"This was one of the most enjoyable games I've played in recent memory.It accomplishes the freedom of a video game but also has the depth of a Stephen King short story. You can go anywhere in the house, read any post card, paper and book cover while having every character except the main one fleshed out like most games and movies never do. It's a story about growing up and self discovery and realization and I'm really glad it didn't use any cliche bulls***. ""Look! A ghost! Are you scared yet?"" Everything fits really well with the story and nothing obnoxiously gets in the way of your discovering of it yourself."
,Recommended,232430,9336382,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,reset_by_peer,"If you are interested in games as a storytelling medium, or if you are a game developer who wants to become better at visual and environmental storytelling, I highly recommend playing this game. We need more games like this. Games that tell mundane, human stories in approachable way to act as a counterpoint to countless renditions of the hero's journey monomyth or escapist power trip fantasies.Full review."
,Recommended,232430,9336428,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Waylon,"Good game with a nice story but VERY short. I definitely recommend the game, but only buy it if it's on sale otherwise it's way too short for the price of it (taking about 2 hours to beat)."
,Recommended,232430,9340831,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,saparker44,Im not sure how to discribe this game without ruinning the story. But its an amazing experience and enjoyed it start to finnish.However £15 is way to much for the length of game it is at it takes about two hours to finnish so wait for a sale and pick up this awesome game.
,Recommended,232430,9358976,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Cactus,"There's not too much to say about this experience. I found it to be quite beautiful, myself. I would say to get this game when it's on sale, preferably $5 or so. It only lasts a couple of hours and that's only if you really take your time. Some of the tasks are rather mundane, such as reading about things that deal with the parents but the narration and true story more than make up for it in my opinion. Very light-hearted so be prepared and go in with ready for a touching experience. It's a pretty cool little game."
,Recommended,232430,9386108,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,hoitrix,"What a pleasure it was to play this game, the storytelling is just wonderful!"
,Recommended,232430,9391598,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,TheDedBox,"A lot of people have different definitions of what a video game should be. A lot of people say games are supposed to have a lot of action. Gone Home does not fit this description because instead of giving you a huge action game, it tells you an emotional story.In Gone Home, you play as a woman in her early 20's who just came home from a long trip in Europe. When she arrives, the house is empty. To find out what happend to your family, you search the house for clues.Hidden within these clues is a story. Many of the objects in the house tell you a different part of the story. A few play recordings when examened. Others don't need one; just where the object is placed and the part of the story that you see it in tells details of this big story all on its own.In the end, this game is all about the story. Despite the short playtime (I finished the game in just under 2 hours, so get the game on sale), Gone Home tells a very emotional story throughout the whole game and is worth buying."
,Recommended,232430,9400886,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Dovanna,A great short story packaged in a digital sleeve.
,Recommended,232430,9440845,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Bob,"My previous experience of this kind of interactive story game consists of Dear Esther, which is great and Dinner Date which is balls. So I didn't really know where this would lie in that spectrum. It is quite good but not as good as Dear Esther, it is an interesting story and the exploration of the house flows well. However I don't see there is much re-playability as a second playthough when you know what is going to happen would not hold the same magic. It is rather short, I completed it in not much over an hour. It is fun but given the length the price does seem a bit high."
,Recommended,232430,9443959,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Powerofmonkey,"I enjoyed the game for what it was. It reminded me a bit of Dear Esther, and is very much in the same vein of gaming.If you don't enjoy short games that are entirely based on narrative and exploration, do not buy."
,Recommended,232430,9445830,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Chimeron,"Gone Home is an odd game to go into. It's lack of human interaction, and a serious tonal issue ( The game seems like its going to be a horror game, but it isn't in the slightest. Its tough to decide to recommend this game or not, as its pitfalls may or may not overweigh its successes, depending on the gamer. To start, the premise of the game is that you are coming home from a long trip, and upon arriving late at your house on a stormy night, you have to figure out why nobody is home. did i mention its night, and stormy, and sometimes thunder cracks and it feels like a horror game, because it is and it does, but it isn't. The true brilliance of Gone Home is it's story. It is by no means a AAA title, you won't find huge explosions, you won't find secret caches of machine guns, and the entire game lacks any physical person. The story is very down to earth, and very relatable. The one and only pitfall, which I mentioned towards the begining, is its length. You could probably dig up more neat things in the house, and probably read things a tad more in depth than I did, But I got through the story in around 59 minutes, which is a little less than an hour. If i would have payed full price for this, 20$, I probably would have been a little upset, but I bought it on sale for 8$, and thats about right I think. If your looking for something big, exciting, and mysterious, you are not going to find it, however, if your looking for someting differant to play after you've worn yourself out of the AAA titles traditional big blockbuster movie fare, then you should probably think about going home."
76561197964111471,Recommended,232430,9446164,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,BowmanMKIV,"Amazing,"
76561198043907224,Recommended,232430,9449583,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Randy,"Such an exciting ride through a game. Mixed emotions throughout! Excellent atmoshpere and exploration throughout the house! Makes me wonder.. ""what's next!?"""
76561198114445394,Recommended,232430,9469251,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,maaya1x2,"Depending on what you're looking for, Gone Home can be a fantastic experience - or really boring. It is not a game in the traditional sense, with puzzles that need to be solved to progress in the storyline. It is more like an interactive story, and the task is to explore the house and figure out what has happened; who are the people living there, what are their secrets?Sounds boring? Don't play it; the game is not for you.If you think the premise sounds interesting, however, this game offers a great atmosphere (even somewhat creepy at times) and a captivating story about a family and each member's struggle with their own lives, desires and hopes, mainly focusing on the youngest daughter. It is also a perfectly nostalgic window into the 90's with a lot of details that are fun to discover. The music is brilliant as well.On the downside, the controls feel a bit clumsy to me, and the price is still a bit too high, especially when you compare it to several other titles that offer much more in the terms of (longer!) gameplay. On the other hand, I personally don't regret the money I spent on this game."
76561198114445394,Recommended,232430,9469252,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,maaya1x2,"Depending on what you're looking for, Gone Home can be a fantastic experience - or really boring. It is not a game in the traditional sense, with puzzles that need to be solved to progress in the storyline. It is more like an interactive story, and the task is to explore the house and figure out what has happened; who are the people living there, what are their secrets?Sounds boring? Don't play it; the game is not for you.If you think the premise sounds interesting, however, this game offers a great atmosphere (even somewhat creepy at times) and a captivating story about a family and each member's struggle with their own lives, desires and hopes, mainly focusing on the youngest daughter. It is also a perfectly nostalgic window into the 90's with a lot of details that are fun to discover. The music is brilliant as well.On the downside, the controls feel a bit clumsy to me, and the price is still a bit too high, especially when you compare it to several other titles that offer much more in the terms of (longer!) gameplay. On the other hand, I personally don't regret the money I spent on this game."
76561198114445394,Recommended,232430,9469254,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,maaya1x2,"Depending on what you're looking for, Gone Home can be a fantastic experience - or really boring. It is not a game in the traditional sense, with puzzles that need to be solved to progress in the storyline. It is more like an interactive story, and the task is to explore the house and figure out what has happened; who are the people living there, what are their secrets?Sounds boring? Don't play it; the game is not for you.If you think the premise sounds interesting, however, this game offers a great atmosphere (even somewhat creepy at times) and a captivating story about a family and each member's struggle with their own lives, desires and hopes, mainly focusing on the youngest daughter. It is also a perfectly nostalgic window into the 90's with a lot of details that are fun to discover. The music is brilliant as well.On the downside, the controls feel a bit clumsy to me, and the price is still a bit too high, especially when you compare it to several other titles that offer much more in the terms of (longer!) gameplay. On the other hand, I personally don't regret the money I spent on this game."
76561197971109176,Recommended,232430,9470276,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Walrus,"A unique experience. I enjoyed it most for the nostalgic elements, it conveyed youth through to adulthood very well. I would have liked more resolution at the end, but that's just personal preference. I really enjoyed reading this game :)"
76561197971109176,Recommended,232430,9470277,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Walrus,"A unique experience. I enjoyed it most for the nostalgic elements, it conveyed youth through to adulthood very well. I would have liked more resolution at the end, but that's just personal preference. I really enjoyed reading this game :)"
76561197971109176,Recommended,232430,9470278,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Walrus,"A unique experience. I enjoyed it most for the nostalgic elements, it conveyed youth through to adulthood very well. I would have liked more resolution at the end, but that's just personal preference. I really enjoyed reading this game :)"
76561197961932968,Recommended,232430,9614889,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Wolfester,Lots o' feels.
76561198064527485,Recommended,232430,9623133,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,wolfgirl3,"I liked this game. Nobody else did, but I did. I think it's because I like story-driven gameplay. I like the idea of being an ""operator"" for an interesting story, rather than just a reader. If you want a good story and some nostalgic feels, I recommend this game. If you want combat or challenging puzzles, try something else."
76561198074755403,Recommended,232430,9630013,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,jbrwilliams,"I can't believe how much I learned about myself and my relationships with people in three hours.  It will either hit you or it won't, but it hit me.  Hard."
76561197970507311,Recommended,232430,9634972,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,He Who Giggles In Battle,"Whats starts off like an average mystery/horror game turns into somethihg much more... Wonderful atmosphere, touching story, and amazing soundtrack all combine to make one of the most enjoyable games I have played in years. I can not recomend this enough to anyone with the patience to look for something worth finding."
,Recommended,232430,9654312,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Poulson,"Muuuuito bom este jogo. A história é muito boa, o enredo, etc . . .Se for jogar, aconselho-te que não leia na wikipédia a história do jogo, assim o jogo não ficaria tão sensasionalmente maravilhoso . . ."
,Recommended,232430,9658224,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Wrath66,Incredibly immersive bit of interactive storytelling. Less a game than a viscerally engaging experience. It's restraint in crafting this deep experience is as comendable as it's detail.
,Recommended,232430,9660280,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,andywrightness,"I found this game very enjoyable, in the category of what I call ""first person experiencers"".  Try to go into it on its own terms, without any FPS preconceptions or what-not, and the feel of this game could really pull you in and win you over, as it did me."
,Recommended,232430,9661186,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Bag_of_BOnes,"Only 90 minutes it will take you to finish; maybe it's worth waiting for the price to drop a little. The game however, is a lesson of the power of allusion, managing to influence your decisions with the subtlest cues. It's very clever. And if you engross yourself as much as possible with the adubndance of reading material, you'll enjoy it even more."
76561198120603264,Recommended,232430,10899188,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,macdadbo,"Gone Home isn't your average game.  In fact, some people will even stuggle to call it a game, and that's probably why the developers choose to call it a ""story exploration"" video game...because that's really what it is more than anything: a story.  That being said, if you have an open mind as to what is enjoyable in gaming and can find this game on sale, it is most certainly worth your time.The time and attention the developers at Fullbright put into this game is astonishing. You gain a real sense of nostalgia while playing, and the appropriate music choices and subtle nuances won't be lost on someone that grew up in the 90's.  Admittedly, this game feels like I'm slightly too young for it (currently 25), but the themes and emotions this game aims to convey are actually kind of timeless, so anyone can really relate to them.Couple that with the fact that most anything you find in the game you can examine, pick up, turn around, and then eventually throw across the room is pretty spectacular.  Especially when you consider that this is an indie game.Now, to be fair, the storyline is a little obvious. You can sort of see where the whole thing is going right from the start.  And if not, you'll quickly discover it as the game is only about 2 hours long (if you really take your time). However, don't let that deter you from what is, no doubt, a moving and nostalgic piece of art."
76561197976409053,Recommended,232430,11111348,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Croker77,"I had been looking forward to playing this for some time, and was not disappointed. The story is incredibly well written, being both moving and surprising, and the execution of the games ideas was perfect. I was completely engrossed in the setting and story as it played out, thanks in no small part to a healthy dose of nostalgia for the 90's, wonderfully captured though the minutia within the house.Now, as others have mentioned, this is only a short game. I took my time and finished it in 2.5 hours. Don't get me wrong, this isn't a negative; it was the perfect length for the story, which unfolded at a well crafted pace. My only complaint would be that I think it is priced a little high at full price, given it's short length. I understand that length is no indication for the effort put into a games creation, and this criticism is not a reflection on the quality of the experience. I would recommend waiting to pick it up on sale when you next get the chance."
76561198005482250,Recommended,232430,11112449,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,nshady,Beautiful and touching.
,Recommended,232430,11122140,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,AtypicalChuck,"Gone Home is a gripping, environmentally engaging and really interesting look into family life. I was happy to play through it non-stop."
,Recommended,232430,11126699,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Shack64,A very interesting game. The genre is more of an exploration kind of game where you learn the story by exploring and solving puzzles. The game has good gameplay and opens your curiousity from the beginning. I can see why this game is so critically acclaimed.
76561198032533782,Recommended,232430,11133954,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Harkain,"This is  relatively short game, different to anything you have ever experienced before. You start of as Katie, a 20 year old just returning home from a year in europe. However you return home to an empty house. This is set in 1995, before you could just call someone on their mobile phone to find out where they are, so you explore the house.The controls are very simple, You use the arrow keys to move forward, back, left and right, and then you can use shift to pick things up. That it. Simple. The game is very simple to, you move around the house to try and find out where you family members are - your sister sam, and your mother and father.The game primarely revolves around the sister - sam, however depending on how long you want to spend on the game yourself, you can find out information about the character's mother, father and even great uncle, whoms house they are currently living in.While it feels like a horror game, with something going to jump scare you any minute, that doesn't happen, rather you keep on exploring until all the pieces of the puzzel click. And that's it. The game's over. It doesn't feel sudden. In fact, you can feel it building up to the end from the very get go, but it was an unsatisfying ending. Without going into too much detail, and spoiling it, I will say that it left a bad taste in my mouth. But I feel as if that was the point of the game, that's how it was meant to end.Regardless of how I felt about the ending, I can honestly say I enjoyed this game. I finished it within an hour and a half, so it isn't a long game, but when you finally figure everything out, when everything clicks about where all the family members are, that is the satifying part. And because of this, I would definitely recomend it to all my friends, expeically if you enjoy indie, art and story based games.-Kirra-Maree"
,Recommended,232430,11144041,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,AsianKendo,"HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who can appreciate a good story, i would say this game is more than game, that's not to say i didn't enjoy every minute of it. it's definitely alittle slow and short (itwas just as long as it needed to be) which makes it not for everyone but if you can appreciate a good story or a good piece of art buy this BUY THISNOWWWWWW"
,Recommended,232430,11145223,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Kuhzka!,"I love narrative games, and I really enjoyed this one.  So, if you're anything like me you should probably give this a try.If I had to describe my experience, it was like a short, relaxing car ride with the windows down on a warm, windy day."
76561198048493915,Recommended,232430,11159630,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,[KCGO]Buymepl0x,"Wish I could have walked in on them doing it.Great game, thought she had killed her parents and or summoned oscar.I would give the game a 5/5."
76561198071701208,Recommended,232430,11164772,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,DavidYourNeighbor,"A heartbreaking, beautiful interactive tale. A few of its themes (such as the plot string about witchcraft) aren't fully explained and felt tacked on. However, the rest of this game is superbly written, voiced, and designed."
,Recommended,232430,11170631,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Ace66,"This is not a game. It is a beautifully written story which happens to use the gaming industry as it's medium. Everything in the house brings you closer to the family and the struggles they deal with. The story is emotionally moving and you become attached to each letter left by Sam and I found myself pushing the pace of the story in search for the next audio log. The Greenbriar's have personal issues many can relate to and that is why this ""game"" is so enthralling. Although short, the ending will leave you with food for thought and I was left feeling like Samantha could have been my sister.The voice acting is top notch, and along with the environmental clues, the Greenbriar's home screams 90s nostaliga and really comes alive. If you have two hours to spend and want to feel engrossed with a story and a wonderful environment I encourage you to purchase Gone Home, it was an absolute pleasure to play."
,Recommended,232430,11170918,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Eraserhead,"Source of this review:http://the3headedmonkey.blogspot.co.uk/2014/07/flash-sociological-reviews-gone-home_10.htmlFor a review on how the media represented the game visit:http://the3headedmonkey.blogspot.co.uk/2014/07/flash-sociological-reviews-gone-home.htmlA meaningful experience based on the manipulation of the traces left behindI've been dragged by a very powerful narrative, the one developed in Gone Home. Not only is it about that narrative, it's also about how it intertwined with the gameplay. The feeling of being myself the one that is unfolding the story that is wrapped in that house is very intense. I experienced a lot of things, I've been making up different stories as I was examining the house and the traces left behind. I thought something terrible happened to Sam, to the family; have their parents got divorced? have her father killed her mother? I also believed that Sam and Lonnie committed suicide! (it seems to be a recurrent thought on other players).Why do I get to think all those things? Even though there is sometimes a voice-over that narrates some of the events that happened during Katie's (yourself) leave, most of the time you are picking up pieces of the story by the traces left behind by the family, textual and non. That's the magic of the game. The story is probably quite linear, but I don't know what would have happened if I had not scrutinised every part of the house in the proper order. And that's the incredible thing about this game and video games in general: if I have the freedom of choosing my own pace, what to see and what not (in this case that's absolutely true), why did I follow a way of playing that allowed me to create a meaningful experience? Could I have had a meaningful experience playing in a very different way? Now it's impossible to know! Well, according to this entry posted by Gaynor on The Fullbright Company website, that could have been possible. But as I already know the story as it was intended to be experienced, I suppose it doesn't matter anyway.It's incredibly well played, though. For instance, one of the first things you do is to listen to two recorded messages in the answering machine (besides the one you left). The second is specially disturbing. You won't know what all that was about until the very last moment of the game. Or when you just see a colourful skull (made in Mexico) but it's not until you advance in the game that you know where it come from (a trip of Lonnie to Mexico). It's that kind of idea of leaving pieces of the story scattered all around the house, without explicitly linking them together, which makes this game so unique. Nevertheless, I have to stress again that the mechanics, the playability, the game experience, the interactivity are essential to the game. It's not just a narrative-driven game. Not at all. It's an exploration game, that's the best description, as proposed by its developers. Essential to the experience is the idea of exploration, touching, seeing, flipping and reading things. There is no narrative without playability. It wouldn't make sense.In relation to the story, the pieces of ""what happened"" are just that, pieces, traces, nothing too much explicit. You have to fill the gaps and... well, not only do you just reconstruct the last year's events when you were abroad, but you also get deep into the history of the family, things that happened before you were born, while you can intuit psychological aspects of your relatives and their relationships. And that's the key, you are left with a lot of space to speculate and never is stated in a very explicit way (uncle Oscar issues, the relationship between your grandfather and your father, your father's career, your mother's affairs and career, your neighbour Daniel, your sister's complex process of self-awareness, etcetera.).And all of this is achieved through a list of agents and mediators: Sam's voice-over triggered after some exploration events; your own descriptions of things before you actually touch them (sometimes is funny like, ""barf"", ""Oh no.."", or even refusing to continue to read a letter); the different inscriptions (official communications, personal messages, handwritten, letters, drawings, etcetera.), the objects in the house that can be grabbed and examined; the music; the map; the doors, drawers, and secret doors; the house; the combinations; the keys; the pictures and the paintings."
76561198059181151,Recommended,232430,11177948,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,2scarves,"This game was alright.  The storyline and gameplay were not what i had expected, but that is not entirely a bad thing.   The game seemed like it was supposed to be a horror type game, but in reality its just a little creepy from not knowing whats happened in the house.  I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys storylines.  If anybody is planning on buying this game, just wait til it is on sale.  Although it is pretty good, it is seriously overpriced for the amount of content offered."
76561198000377377,Recommended,232430,11182459,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Mr.Fishstick,"Let me start by saying this isn't a puzzle game, or a horror game, or anything like that... This is an interactive story, and a damn good one at that. The game was short, but I don't see it really being any other way. There are a lot of fine details that really make it great, certain things you'll need to keep your eyes open to really notice.All in all I'd give it a 8 out of 10. The game itself wasn't anything amazing, but the story it tells needs to be told, and I feel Gone Home does a pretty good job at doing so."
,Recommended,232430,11194298,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,FiddleDungeon,Pretty insanely good
,Recommended,232430,11198744,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,three_green_stars,"This game was a blast!I won't include any spoilers, but it's kind of like taking the 'fetch quest' idea from the old games and putting them into a coherent investigation.  Also, the story is superb.  It's not action oriented, but it uses atmosphere to provide some real excitement.  Just excellent.  If you were a teenager in the '90s, it makes it only that much more enticing.The only downside I can see is that the replay value might be limited.  Replaying it would be akin to watching an old favorite movie or re-reading a novel.  Replay with a friend, perhaps?Great game, but if you're broke like me, wait for a sale.  If you can't resist, grab it up, moneybags."
,Recommended,232430,11207258,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Neerak,"Damn. Just, Damn.This is up there with my favorite gaming experiences, an most definitley the most finely crafted narrative experience that I have ever had the pleasure of playing. Gone Home is just dripping with atmosphere, and I urge anyone who is even remotley interested in narrative driven games to simply drink it in. The game is just filled with little stories, characters, an dramas without you ever seeing them, and it is simply stunning how funny, emotional and poignent it is.5/5"
76561198059323906,Recommended,232430,11218773,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,lunagoddess44,"This game is wonderfully crafted with a touching story- a story that most people never get to experience. While playing though, you really start to feel for the characters and you can't help but feel like a detective, spying in on a family. I''m tired of people acting as if they have the power to deem what is and isn't a game... Gone Home is definitely a game! And this game is totally worth the $20. I don't think players realize how much time and effort goes into making a game. Especially since indie game developers are already working on a budget and practically starving themselves to design, produce, and publish their games. You put your blood, sweat, and tears into making a game and tell me how much you think 2 years of your life costs."
,Recommended,232430,11218882,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Brodalf the Grey-t,This was an amazing story-based adventure.  I started playing and exploring the house was fun.  Listening to the journal entries as you moved around the house was well done.  The voice acting was great.  I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who wants to have an emotional movie to play.
,Recommended,232430,11225000,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,KANNADE,"It was alright. I thought the story was kind of corny, but at least it was fun clicking aimlessly around the house trying to find clues. It's the kind of game where you'd only have to patience to play through the whole thing once, so it's only worth buying when it's heavily discounted."
,Recommended,232430,8559027,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Zakko,Fantastic!
76561198044250991,Recommended,232430,8565088,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Intly,Wasnt the greatest but I enjoyed it
,Recommended,232430,8578977,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Erratic,Absolutely fantastic storytelling!
76561197983565715,Recommended,232430,8611980,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Abyss_Walker,"A mesmerising experience utilising a carefully crafted environment as its storytelling medium. The story is essentially a coming-of-age tale told through the eyes of a sibling through various notes and monologues. Though short in length, the attention to detail throughout means that you will feel like part of this family despite never meeting a soul. You will find yourself caring for these unseen characters, weaving your own narratives for them based on the fleeting clues you find. The understated nature of this title is a welcome and refreshing change of pace from the norm. I feel it is best described more as an experience than a game and one that is well worth embarking on."
,Recommended,232430,8612265,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Deadmoo53,"Great game. Short, but very heartwarming."
76561198071255655,Recommended,232430,8642361,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,djraydog,"Gone Home is pitch perfect. Soundtrack is excellent in it's minimalism. Despite all the hype, it's still a great game that had me guessing right up 'till the end."
,Recommended,232430,9157853,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,beckimudd,"Yes, this game was short, and there is little to no interaction, but personally I love this story."
,Recommended,232430,9162660,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,jaebz,"I'll start out by saying, this game is not for everyone. And from the reviews thus far, most people don't seem to be very happy with it; however, I do have some positive things to say about Gone Home. Personally, I enjoyed it.I started Gone Home without expecting much, I knew it wasn't your average action-packed, puzzle solving game. Gone Home is more exploratory, it's an interactive story in which you explore your empty home to discover what happened. Why is nobody home? Where did everybody go? There is definitely quite a lot of rooms, drawers, cabinets, etc. to explore, which adds a bit it to the already short game time. I found myself wanting to know more about the family, and their story as the game progressed. The story in the game pulled at my emotions, I went from ""pssh...typical teenage behavior!"" to feelings of hope and sadness...basically, if you're into storylines, this game is for you.All in all, even though Gone Home is a simple point-and-click with absolutely zero action, I found that it is definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,232430,9166761,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Litirium,"At first i thought this was a simple puzzle solving game with no story. God, was i wrong. The story in this game had me literally crying during my first playtrough, and trust me you will love this story as well. this game had me scared and happy and sad all at the same time. trust me when i say this is a game you have to play.Simple controls good atmosphere good sound, decent grapichs (we arent talking crysis grapichs but still good). Would recommend you play this game in one sitting in order to get the whole picture and to listen to the talking."
,Recommended,232430,9182588,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,MootyWaffles,This story driven game allows you to explore an empty house on your own terms and develop the story at your own pace. As mentioned by others this voyeuristic obession over every single detail allows you to gain the full story or simply breezing through the main story to unlock new areas. In the end the story is relatively straightforward and you can probably see the ending from a mile away. All in all the telling of the story is an art within itself as much as the story itself was rather banal.I would rate this above To the Moon in terms of mechanics and below it in terms of story. But a fun 2 hour play especially when you are bed ridden from sickness.
,Recommended,232430,9187512,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,alexwojtak,"I'd been through my fairly extensive steam collection looking for something to play this evening, and I found that I'd just bought this a few days ago. It's about an hour and a half later, and I'm finished, and this game is perfect. It's not long, cause it's not really a game in the traditional sense. IT's the best example I've ever seen of using a game as a storytelling medium. It couldn't have been done any other way, and these guys are spectacular for coming up with this and realising what you could do in the format of a game.It's telling a story, and bringing you into the emotion as the game goes on. I've played enough games that I turned on every light I saw, and there's a beautiful little meta comment about leaving all the lights on. I'm scared as I enter the darkly lit areas, and I'm angry with the parents as I find out more of the story, and I'm worried about Sam, and I keep on going to find out what happens next.This game is absolutely beautiful, and it's absolutely perfect. The writing, the imagination, the voice acting especially.This has instantly become one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,232430,9191369,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Groovytrons,"According to its indie developer, Fullbright, Gone Home is a story-exploration video game. To me, Gone Home is an experience not to be missed. The careful consideration and grace in which the story unfolds can only be understood through playing it; the image of richly detailed pages of a picture book, scattered and woven into the game’s environment, the only description that comes close. It stands tall, on an even playing field with AAA titles, The Last of Us and Bioshock Infinite in terms of it contribution to the art form of video games and story-telling. Anything less wouldn’t be doing justice to the importance of Gone Home, which delivers an emotive and thought provoking journey in only a couple of hours of game time.I feel in agreement with other critics that this game is best experienced with little to no understanding or expectation of the story or genre of the game. Rest assured, this game is likely to transcend any pre-existing idea of the confinements of a game’s story, or genre. It challenges the medium, each player receiving a unique experience that will no doubt leave a lasting impression, perhaps even broadening your horizons… But I’m saying too much already, and perhaps approaching the stage of overdoing the praise I promise you this downloadable gem deserves. All that you need to know is that it is easily completed in the one session, only $20 (Steam Australia) and is a super strong contender for game of the year.Yet something holds me back from giving it a perfect score. To say this game is surprising would be an understatement, but I overestimated some of the challenges it presents. It focuses more on exploration without many difficult obstacles or puzzles which I felt lessened the achievement of discovering something new. The story however, is far more rewarding then the pointless ego-boost of solving a riddle, and the depth of stories upon side-stories will leave the curious hungry for more. After all that is the game’s intention, to place you in this world and discover it’s secrets at your own pace. Hence, I’m torn. I love this game, but it’s one of those cases where you can question whether or not it really is a ‘game’? Honestly, I couldn’t care less, but I’m aware that it will not appeal to everyone, which is truly sad for the people not interested enough to play it.Gone Home is remarkable. It is at the forefront of a new wave of games re-defining the industry and pushing it into the realms of story-telling previously only associated with film, books and television. And yet, Fullbright stand out from other developers leading this charge, such as Naughty Dog and Irrational. They have done so independently, on a far stricter budget with far less game time. Gone Home is simple, frightening, beautiful and touching. It is so many things, and often all at the same time. Regardless of what you perceive Gone Home to be, play it. It is one you will not doubt remember forever.9.5/10"
76561198077792858,Recommended,232430,9220113,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Jack Burton,"Please do not listen to all the negativity, besides it barely being a game, it has the most heartwarming story of all time, but unlike movies, you find and inspect objects that help you figure everything out.Atleast get it on sale, i know obviously most people  play games for gameplay but, the story within it will be forever cherished in your mind."
76561198107287751,Recommended,232430,9294555,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,ArsenoBrooks,"Gone Home is a profoundly engaging exploration game in which you discover the history of a family through the eyes of their recently returned daughter. Most games encourage exploration to varying degrees of success, in Gome Home exploration IS the game and you will want to keep exploring and finding all the clues and secrets of the family all of which feel both grounded in reality but almost dramatic. My one complaint would be that for a game that generally will only last 3 hours per playthrough, the asking price of 20$ is crazy. if you find this on sale for 10$ or less, grab it. Because that's when it's worth it."
76561197995137624,Recommended,232430,9296303,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,sxarlet,Lovely game! Very GOOD story! (Kinda sad tho...)
,Recommended,232430,9305635,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,47,"Play. This. Game. Now.Do not read anything about it, just play it now.Anything more that can be said about this game will spoil it for you."
,Recommended,232430,9326193,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Brainsample,An amazing atmospheric game. Perfect for anyone who loves a game for it's story and for anyone who grew up in the 90's.
,Recommended,232430,27926792,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Capt Daf,I cannot recommend Gone Home enough to my friends. ♥
76561198065489057,Recommended,232430,7857051,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,KitsuneofLight,"The ""most helpful"" reviews of the game are making me question my faith in humanity. Seriously. This game. It only took me about, say, 110 minutes to complete it, but it was some of the best 110 minutes of my life. Ignore the stupid people who are the ""most helpful"" reviewers. While this game is steeply priced (especially at $20 for a narrative-exploration type of visual novel game,) it gives you more than most games can offer. The story, while I will not give too much away about it, I will tell you; will stick with you. Its primary themes of love are well-presented: the writing was incredibly personal, and I could tell that whoever wrote this fictional narrative has obviously gone through some of the events portrayed in the game. There is so much passion presented in its monologues that I nearly burst out crying at times. And I rarely ever do show tears. The graphics were fantastic. You could tell that some skilled artists put lots of time into the textures even though all you are actually doing in the game is walking through such a triviality as a house. The soundtrack is incredibly good, and even some of the songs continuously remain stuck in my head, maddeningly pounding through the subwoofers in my mind as I write this review. There were absolutely no glitches I exploited, no major flaws in the UI, and nothing really that I could point out a fault in. This is the first game I will ever give a 10 out of 10 to. And the other spiteful reviews? The people who wrote them have hearts of stone."
,Recommended,232430,7929498,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Def Maka,"Wonderful, touching, moving yet not a game for everyone. Despite being not presenting huge hd visuals, the game it's a bit sluggish, but I guess this could be a part of the mood. However, you'll soon find yourself completly absorbed by the plot.Get it while on sale, 20 bucks it's overpriced for a 2 hours experience. Under 10 bucks it's a must buy for me."
76561198060493670,Recommended,232430,7936243,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Moonthirteen,"Game of the YearGone Home is an experience more than it is a game. The emotions that it conveys are something that few games are able to conjure up, and if you happen to share a similar age to the main characters (namely if you went to high school in the 90s) this game is a must play. The notalgia alone is something not to be missed and the whole of the experience is simply stunning.Play this game with an open mind, and a thoughtful heart and it will stay with you long after you're done.And above all else, Sam and Lonnie want you to play this game."
,Recommended,232430,8411661,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,TheDonGuido 【=◈︿◈=】,"Game was fun, although short. Inventive way of telling a story and great voice acting.My only flaws with the game (which contain SPOILERS): Very early on in the game, it gives a very creepy feel. No one is home after your trip abroad, and your family has recently moved into a new home dubbed the ""psycho home"" by your sister's fellow students. Apparently, your character's uncle killed himself in the house and your sister and her ""friend"" do ghost hunting and eventually a seance. At the very end you don't get really any explanation for it other than your sister's overactive imagination I guess."
,Recommended,232430,8414207,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Chirp,This is one of the few stories that could have only been done in a video game form. Definetly one of the best narrative games of the year.
,Recommended,232430,27971125,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Brett,Great story and relaxing gameplay
,Recommended,232430,27956902,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Egsosither,"Stunning atmosphere that you'll want to put a headset on and sit alone in the dark to play.The theme of the game wasn't what I expected going in, but I was satisfied overall.Try this game if you like exploring things down to small details."
,Recommended,232430,10480773,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Mellerquin,"Gone Home is not a horror game, it's not a point a click adventure game, it's not a competative game.Gone Home is an exploration game with which you'll unravel the mystery surrounding just why your house is deserted when you return home. There's no set piece events, jump scares or even special mechanics to find here. Just as if you walked into a strangers house, you can piece together exactly who they are by exploring what's around you.The game's littered with notes, pictures and important documents which in turn will slowly put together the type of family and the events surrounding the family together. This is entirely where Gone Home's story comes from. You'll rely on spoken dialect which tiggers depending on which important object you investigate. It's this dialect which is going to give the entire game it's touching meaning.As you view certain area's of the house, while listening to these spoken confessions, it's not hard to imagine the event's taking place yourself. And I guess that's the real trick to weather this game's going to work for you, your own imagination and how much you give yourself over to what may have happened here, to what may have been felt by this family.Do I think it's worth the full asking price? No, I never do with game's which are so short, no matter how wonderful they are. I do however think it's worth a discounted price for anyone willing to give themselves over to story for a couple of hours.I fully support game's of this type but surrounding this one, the question always looms, Is Gone Home a game? Well the answer is, it's dosen't matter. Just a small amount of research will give you the basic flavor of the game. They always split opinion, these are the kind of expierences you either fully enjoy or detest.I just hope you don't blame those who enjoy it."
76561198079808648,Recommended,232430,10482198,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,CodenameHexx,"Pretty damn emotional and great to explore. If you're looking for an adventure game, I'm not sure this is for you. But if you want a great story and emotional attachment to characters you never really see, this is that game. I love it and the 90s throwbacks were pretty damn fun."
76561198126366548,Recommended,232430,10485408,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,komradhall,"What can I say about this game without giving too much away? Gone Home is without doubt one of the greatest games I have ever played. While neither a long game nor a large game world, it is ultimately a deep, emotional, and rich experience.The great genius of Gone Home is ultimately its use of its setting: A Family Home in the mid-1990s. It quickly becomes apparent to the player that to explore the Greenbriar House is a highly interactive experience. A huge number of objects in the game-world can be picked up and examined. Most of these objects are small, average things, such as badges and cassettes, which are a real throwback to anyone who was young in the 90s. What Gone Home does skillfully, however, is showing the sentimental aspects to these objects. Even objects such as ring-binders are shown to have attached memories. This emotional investment in such inanimate objects ultimately turns the House into a Home.Some negative comments have been made about the length of the game in relation to its price. However Gone Home's length ultimately relates to how much the player wants to explore. A high level of exploration is the ultimate reward for the player, as they gain a deeper understanding of the family members, their own trials and developments. One will find oneself truly engrossed in these characters, if they are willing to devote the time to uncover more about them.It's difficult to discuss the game's story without spoiling too much. The story is Gone Home's most central and greatest aspect. The player takes the role of Kaitlin Greenbriar, the eldest daughter of Terry and Jan Greenbriar, as she returns from a year backpacking in Europe. She finds the house her family moved into during that year empty. As the player searches the house, they discover what happened with the family during Kaitlin's year away, and why her parents and younger sister Sam are gone. The story the player uncovers ultimately debates such themes as love, acceptance, and maturity, with many of the character's stories mirroring each other in some way.Gone Home is an eye-opening experience. It pushes the boundaries of what a game can be. It will make you laugh and cry, and hopefully make you think a little.10/10"
76561198042144063,Recommended,232430,10569599,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,shredifier,"Going home is a simple yet rewarding game that occupies your mind for a few hours. The story is uncomplex and the narrative is a homage to games in the like of The Stanley Parable.It's pro's are:Graphically the game performs well and is nicely optimised for smaller systems, allowing for a realistic gameplay that is not hindered by clipping or lack of detail.The storyline is short but sweet, with few twists and turns, but very immersive.The game is easy to play for all ages, but takes a more adept mind to pice together the events unfolding.Cons:Small amount of gameplay, it is a point and click that has a single ultimate goal, which is a shame as the game has a lot of potential.The objects in drawers etc. lack reality, and although work seems to have been done to create a realistic atmopsphere, more could have been done.All in all, for a cheap few hours of walking around in-game and listening to a lovely female narration, I reccomend this game for a play-through at least once, and if you are open to all types of simulation, then Gone Home should tickle your fancy."
,Recommended,232430,10783976,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Colto22,"This was a pretty awesome experience.  I didn't quite know what to expect throughout the game, but this game really delivers in the storytelling!  This game is so unique and I don't think I have every played anything like this before.  It is a bit short and I don't think the replay value is very high, but this game is definitely worth a play if you have the extra cash to spare.  Do not pass this one over!"
,Recommended,232430,10785473,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,First-R-Last,Unlike anything I've played before. Excelent writing.
,Recommended,232430,10785988,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,MellowYello,Pretty good. I enjoyed revealing the true story bit by bit. 7.5/10.
,Recommended,232430,10787679,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Atoro,"Cute story, simple play style, and a great narrative. Enough said."
76561198054516670,Recommended,232430,10788916,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ShadeDaystar,"There's no monsters to fight. No puzzles to solve. Just explore an empty house.A lot of people don't like the game because of this, but I rather enjoyed the experience and the ambiance; complete with creeping dread as I explored one dark, empty room after another."
76561198014619085,Recommended,232430,10789149,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,kirbus1414,"If you're looking for action you will be dissapointed, but if your looking for an immersive experience this game is for you. Beautiful narrative, and an brilliant ambience. A sweet experience your wont regret picking (up on sale)."
76561197974931415,Recommended,232430,10791706,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Gator McKlusky,"75/100Graphics:Nothing spectacular but not horrible either. The game looked decent enough, enough detail to get into it. Lightning & shadows were well done.Sound:Good, the background sounds really add up to the feeling of the game. The music you find left and right amplifies the characteristics of Sam.Story:Solid 10/10. A realistic engrossing story. It's short but does the job very very well.Replayability:None. Because it's short you wont forget your steps easily, nor will the story be a surprise. I finished the game in 90 minutes.Gameplay:Very good, even though the ingame mouse-acceleration is very sensitive and the auto targetting is annoying. Fortunately you can disable those, making looking around and clicking much easier. The inability to run, forcing you to just walk, was a good choice.Conclusion:Even though I only grade it 75/100, the story makes up for it. If you care only about flashy graphics, high-speed gameplay and replayability, this might not be your cup of tea. Do you care about a solid story in a good setting, then for the price of this game (less than 2 pints in a pub) you're getting pretty much the best bargain you can get."
,Recommended,232430,10795451,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,flesh,"I found this game to be really calming, despite the sometimes spooky atmosphere. There's no action-it's all story. I found the main characters endearing and the story rewarding. Nice if you like chill exploration games."
76561198120439774,Recommended,232430,10797425,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,jade.hamilton,"Doesn't take long to play, but its interesting to look at."
,Recommended,232430,10799936,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,katcso,"The best way to appreciate Gone Home is to play it without any expectations. Saw a lot of negative reviews after finishing the game- and I can understand why - but personally, I liked it. Glad I waited for it to be on sale though (for $2.99)."
,Recommended,232430,10799979,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ner'zhul,It was a nice 2 hour game. If you keep your expectations low and you are from 90s or 80s generation you will definetly love this game(because you will see loads of similarities from your childhood/teenager years).Game hids great culture references too and has an interesting story.
76561198076573512,Recommended,232430,10801284,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,VanSwank,"Gone Home is a unique game experience.  If you only play games for the adventure/action aspect, this is NOT a game for you.  It is rather short (2 hours max), and is completely action-less.  That being said, the graphics of this game and the ablility to tell a story simply by having the player walk around a house is incredible.  The story wasn't my absolute favorite, but it does connect you to the family and make you wonder how everything ends up for them.  Overall, I enjoyed it, but I wouldn't buy it if it costs more than $5 or so.  7/10 for me."
,Recommended,232430,10802101,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sarah,"Not a whole lot of replayability, but it's interesting. I'd recommend it if you have time to kill and a few bucks to burn, but it's not really a ""game"". I had expected more, but I'm not disappointed."
76561198058071272,Recommended,232430,10804799,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,greensub1995,Incredible narrative and a beautifully haunting score. One of the greatest games I have ever played.
,Recommended,232430,10810764,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,James,"This game is amazing! Try and pick it up during a sale(if you don't then your paying a lot of money for 2 hours of yourr time).It takes an hour to get into it, you will be so sucked into the experience you will probably finish the game in one sitting."
76561198048795099,Recommended,232430,10811865,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,tru-0,"It is an okey game,I enjoyed it but i wanted more from it :("
76561198125672114,Recommended,232430,10858473,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Who Dat Boy,All I have to say about this game is that it has a great story and is lots of fun. I recommend this game to gamers who like a little thriller in the games they play and a lot of adventure. This game WILL take you a while to complete.
76561198116968606,Recommended,232430,10858510,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,gamercoco,"I will preface this review by saying I purchased this game during a sale, which would be how I would reccommend obtaining the game. I enjoyed this game and exploring around the house coming up with various ideas to answer where her parents had gone. The story was good, however I felt like it left many questions unanswered and could have been so much more. It is a short play but I felt like it was worth the price I payed for it."
76561198025638020,Recommended,232430,10860486,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,_Kodiak,"Add this to your collection right next to the Stanley Parable. The game has no aciton, very little suspense, and you're basically just walking around a house looking at other people's stuff but I couldn't put it down. It is the story of one year in the life of a family, nothing more, nothing less and it is brillant."
,Recommended,232430,10863455,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Magilou,P L E A S E PLAY THIS GAME
,Recommended,232430,10865624,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mosartist,"This interactive novel presents a touching mainstory about a young woman's struggles in life, and rather interesting peripheral stories to be found in the abandoned, and sometimes really creepy house where it all takes place. It's neither very original nor satisfying, but it's all weighed up by the immersion."
76561198138040883,Recommended,232430,10879755,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,RWCS,Fun but a bit short
76561197970635509,Recommended,232430,10883818,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Siege,Chilled  and sometimes tense adventure same all lead by the narrative.  Money well spent for a not demanding game. Loved th story.  The Only flaw was the recticule was of centre and fiddly for interaction.  But over al  4 out of 5 for me.
76561198042277938,Recommended,232430,10888644,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,★Megski,"I really, really enjoyed playing this game. That said, the first thing you need to know is that this game is literally just you walking through a house, finding keys and examining objects to move forward and piece together the story. There's nothing to fight, nothing to run away from, just you and the story and lots of walking and clicking.If that doesn't immediately turn you off from this game, keep reading.The year is 1995 and you play as Katie, a girl who has returned home after a year abroad to an empty house, with a note from your sister tacked to the door saying she's sorry she couldn't be there to see you, but it was impossible to stay. The note says not to look around for anything, so of course that's what you begin to do right away. From there, you explore the house to find objects, notes, and journals that all piece together to tell the story of your three family members. The story itself is quite endearing, as well as very, very human.While the graphics are certainly nothing to write home about, the little details that were put into the game are excellent if you take the time to look. Everything in the house adds to the story, from the big things like notes left lying around to small things like ticket stubs and post-it notes. There's also tons of fun 90's references that really set the time period.If you're the kind of person who can take time away from the action of a game to just look at all the little details, then give this game a shot. If you like visual novels, give it a shot. If you want action or something with a challenge, then this isn't the game for you, and that's cool too.It's a quick playthrough, and doesn't have much in replay value aside from going back and looking for anything you missed, or replaying for a new perspective on things once you know the whole story. If you just want to try it, wait until it goes on sale and get it then. While I think it's worth the full price tag from a people-should-be-fairly-paid-for-things-they-make standpoint, it's a hefty price for something fairly short that you may not like."
,Recommended,232430,10889860,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Dualshock_ninja,"I really liked this game, it was a different type of gaming experience. I like the exploration aspect of it and the story pulled me in right away, it is not a particularly long game, only lasting about 3 hours. Worth every penny."
76561198042624616,Recommended,232430,10890207,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kevathor,Simply Beautiful
,Recommended,232430,10890970,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Qatfish,"If I had to sum my opinion of it up when it was all said and done, I'd say ""Meh"". I don't regret buying or playing it, and $5 is a fair price just to see what all the hype was about. Personally, I didn't relate much to the setting, the characters, or the story. I'm told that would probably heavily detract from the experience. Either way, I think this was mostly overrated by game journalists and somewhat unfairly demonized by many gamers, but I still love games like these so I'm willing to forgive its faults. I wish I could've played it without ever hearing anything about it because way too many people are going to have their opinion influenced about this one way or another due to how damn loud both camps are. REALLY excited about the game from everything you see on the Steam page and don't mind that you're going to get 2-3 hours of playtime out of it with no replay value? Go ahead, $20 might not bother you. Apprehensive because you've heard about it before and aren't sure if you'll like it or not? Wait until it's $5 or below.If nothing else, I hope this game encourages more developers to further explore the genre."
,Recommended,232430,10891381,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sky Rat,"My god... I know there has been a bit of hype about this ""game"", and I really did not know what I was getting myself into, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I wouldn't exactly call this a traditional game, as there really is no form of gameplay mechanics. It's played mainly by walking around a house and clicking and reading notes and listening to journal entries. This sounds kind of dull when you explain it to someone, but this thing is absolutely brilliant! The overall atmosphere is fantastic by creating an isolated and alone feeling, with a hint of mystery around every corner. The story and how it all unfolds is all dependant on the player and how much they are willing to explore the house and find out every secret, which is just a genius idea. The story itself is very original and had me thinking the entire time about who these people are even thiugh they aren't even there. I have never cared for characters in such a way in a game before, and this really says a lot. Many may criticize the game for lack of ""gameplay"", but the overall way it was handled is fantastic and fresh in every sense. Its rather short, depending on how willign you are to explore, however it should definitely be looked at by anyone who loves a great story. I loved it this much I'm actually writing about it, even though I know no one will ever read it. If you do and you have come this point, feckin kudos."
76561198064075093,Recommended,232430,10893774,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,King of the Violet Crescent,"This can either be one of your favorite games of all time, or it can be a dissapointing failure in your eyes. It's not for everyone; if you are looking for a less story driven, more gameplay based game, this is not for you, but if you want a great, cleverly told story, this game is for you. It managed to make me happy and sad and tense in a few hours, there is a major downside though. When this game isn't on sale it is ridiculously expensive, so if it is  on sale then buy it before it's too late, otherwise wait for it to be."
,Recommended,232430,10894382,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Arbo,A movie you readPlenty of twistsStrong adult subject matterImmersiveNot for everyoneRewarding
,Recommended,232430,10894954,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,didi.khan,"Gone Home is a pretty short game- I got it because it was on sale for five bucks. Totally worth it. It's an amazing exploratory game, and packs a lot of emotion into less than two hours of gameplay. Don't cheat! Look around the house at everything you can, that's kind of the point. The ability to pick objects up and rotate and examine them is a nice addition to the classic point-and-click style. Also, no combat at all, no jump scares - the mood is eerie but the game isn't scary.Again, I wouldn't pay $20 for it, but if the game is on sale, the story is definitely worth $5."
76561198101715636,Recommended,232430,10895109,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,eric.vanoeveren,"Beautiful and EngrossingThis is one of the most creative games I've ever played. If you don't know the premise, you come home after a trip to Europe and find that your family is not there to greet you. The game is basically a first-person point-and-click; you must explore your family's house--an old mansion--and figure out why your family is gone. Along the way, you'll discover much about the personal lives of your family members. Most notably, you will, piece by piece, uncover a quite beatiful story about your sister. This game is short, but masterfully put together."
,Recommended,232430,8414665,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Lunar Witch,"I actually really enjoyed this game. at your own pace you are trying to find out what happened to your family after you come home and no one is there. it is an interactive story. i do agree that it is a little pricey but if you get it on sale hey why not take a chance. there are no enemies, no puzzles. you are basically just investigating. I understand why people are having a fit about this game, its not normally something a hardcore gamer would play. but it is a great inbetween game when your mind needs a rest and you need something slow and very non-taxing. all in all, i would recommend at least a once through of this game. you will either love or hate it there really is no inbetween. happy gaming :)"
,Recommended,232430,8448903,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Zythn,"Beautiful. Just beautiful. An experience that's impossible to describe and simply must be played. The money spent here is well worth this amazing journey of slow realization and discovery, despite the game only being about 2 hours in length. If you enjoy video games for a good story, and see video games as having the potential to be an artistic medium then you owe it to yourself to play this game. It is undoubtedly fantastic and the experience is well worth having."
,Recommended,232430,8452741,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Tiberia,I thought this game had a wondeful narrative. Relaxing jaunt through a house trying to figure out why your parents and little sister arent home. People knock it for some reason...I like it.
,Recommended,232430,8470354,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,okham,"It's a game about slowly wandering around what feels like a real family's house and learning about the lives of the people who live there, which includes the character you play. Reading letters, looking at drawings and listening to well voice-acted diary entries, it won't be for everyone but even as someone who usually enjoys games that focus on mechanics more than story, I enjoyed it and felt it was a better use of a few hours than most films."
,Recommended,232430,8495529,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,sevquis,"Yes it's short but, this is a game about exploration, discovery and acceptance of who you are. I great house to explore with an unfolding plot with everyone in your family, mainly your sister though. Well worth a few hours of your time."
76561198007492641,Recommended,232430,8500374,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,nephelem,Simple but highly effective story telling.  More games should allow for some intelligence in their audience as this one does.  The story of Katie's time away comes together in the player's mind without feeling forced or spoon-fed.  Well worth the time to play through.
76561197991451816,Recommended,232430,8516448,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Kargool,"A game that packs a punch and has a story that at times is tense, but the development of the story will suprise and leave you with a feeling that you have played  a game, and also discovered something more than just a game."
,Recommended,232430,8517702,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Griffin,"This may be the most significant game experience of 2013.  If you haven't played this, you should."
,Recommended,232430,8525967,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Zeybrin,"Awesome intereactive story! Short, but full of content. Expect to finish this in a couple awesome hours. There aren't any enemies or dangers, but at the atmosphere is almost an enemy in itself. It is kind of creepy going through an empty house.."
,Recommended,232430,8557792,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,My Name Is Max,"Immediately enters the rare category of games I'd force non gamers to play. A bit like a trip to the theatre. It's fantastic that projects like this, Portal and The Stanley Parable are reaching such broad audiences."
76561198043763339,Recommended,232430,7856887,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,somethingbetter,"Gone Home helped me work through some tough feelings. It made me jump and scream. It made me want to run home and hug my sisters. No other game has done this for me, and for that I'm extremely grateful to the developers. Highly recommend to any and all that enjoy immersive games and unique interactive experiences."
,Recommended,232430,7858578,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,UllerRM,"A small visual novel, in the form of a story FPS.  You return home from a semester in Europe to find that your family has moved into a new house, with nobody home.  The game consists of investigating the house's contents, which explain the whereabouts of your parents and little sister, and what's happened to them in your absence.The graphics are simple; the real value of this game is in the writing, voice acting, and soundtrack, which are simply stellar.A touching experience.  Lasts about an hour.  Not much game to be had here, but you should play it all the same."
76561198006390796,Recommended,232430,7902240,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,ElectricGileq,"This game won't take you very long to complete from beginning to end, and is best played in one sitting, so you don't forget the story.This game is very neat in the way it draws us in and intorduces us to characters and people without us ever seeing or even hearing them, just seeing the inside of thier private lives. Granted, after a while the house seems a little gigantic (but it is a mansion I suppose) and for people who are keeping secrets from one another they certainly leave notes, letters and documents all over the place.I would love to see a concept like this more fully realized, because it has potential for greatness. Still, play this game. It is new and refreshing, and fun."
76561198044499876,Recommended,232430,7928536,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,angithelost,"I felt like a teenager home alone on a stormy night in a place that seems familiar but not quite right - which I have to say, is far more terrifying than any other type of ""scary"" game I've ever played."
,Recommended,232430,8407412,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,fogmike,"It's not hard. It's not that long. It's simply a beautiful story, told through a game, that you can't put down."
,Recommended,232430,8415848,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,sonofabruce,An absolutely intense game unlike anything else you've ever played.  An unequivical 10/10
,Not Recommended,232430,15567465,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Spike1996,nice ♥♥♥♥♥ getting back in the kitchen simulator would not recommend for the avrage human that dosent like acting like a dumb ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198099989938,Not Recommended,232430,15645485,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,OG MetalDude,777 no
76561198193316518,Not Recommended,232430,15658144,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,ashcatash,"This game is dull.  The graphics and sound are nice, but overall, this is not worth $20.  It's not a horror game, which it seems like at the beginning.  All you do is walk around and pick up stuff.  There are a few ""puzzles"" like finding the safe combination, but those are both easy and dull as well.It seems like the creators had a good concept, but they chose to go towards a teenage angst story line instead of something unique and scary."
76561198076432699,Not Recommended,232430,16410108,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,william.trusler,Way too short...and not spectacular in the little time you do spend in the game world.
76561198057080213,Not Recommended,232430,15574467,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,horsepoet24,"THIS GAME IS TERRIBLE. No challange for the player, it's just walking around a house poking through peoples things. That's it."
,Recommended,232430,2837900,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Frankenkunt,"Really, really excellent exploration/story game. Even if you don't usually have the patience for those kinds of games, give it a shot."
,Recommended,232430,26463895,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Lemon,"Best epistolary novel i have ever played. But seriously it is one of the best short story games, although a bit pricy. (And get the soundtrack EXCLAMATION MARK)"
76561198207891979,Recommended,232430,26466971,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,nattylightyall,The X Files. Riot grrrls. 90's nostalgia. There's a lot to love in this game. :) I think the story is compelling and I really enjoyed exploring the environment.
,Recommended,232430,13266130,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"If you're in the right mood, this is a beautiful and touching story told through a game. It requires patience, and it's a cinematic experience as opposed to other types of gameplay (think Dear Esther); however, if you're feeling open minded and would like something different, this is an excellent option. Interesting soundtrack, and even though I hate the 90's with a passion, it really does solidify the character of the game. *****"
76561198076535403,Recommended,232430,31283605,Posted: 21 April,all,kingsdude,If you want to play a game all about stroy this is it.  Gameplay is easy - you just meander through a house.  There are no jump scares or scary parts at all.. Relaxingly enjoyable.
,Recommended,232430,13248249,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Lowkey Autism,yes
76561198025181851,Recommended,232430,13172435,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,((LS)) Manyallaluk,Gone Home excels at providing a emotional narrative rather mechanics.
76561198084202185,Recommended,232430,13245880,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Hubris,go home you o
76561198043458876,Recommended,232430,13249094,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,I'm Pickle Patty,"Interactive fiction that hits you right in the feels. If you like spinning around boxes of cereal and listening to 90's buttpunk, this game is the right game for you."
,Recommended,232430,13275909,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,BoldFusion,"Not everyone will appreciate Gone Home. It's not about shooting, leveling up, or even solving puzzles. Some may even be put off by the story, so it's definetly not for everyone. That being said, however, if you're an open-minded person who enjoys a good story-driven game, then you owe it to yourself to play Gone Home.It's 1995. You arrive home after spending a year abroad. There's a mysterious note on the door from your sister who seems to be missing. Your parents are nowhere to be found. The house is eerily empty. What are your sisters whereabouts? Where are your parents? Your questions will be answered as you explore through the house and interact with the enviroment. There are letters and notes to read, books to find, and journal entries left from your sister to listen to. The game does an excellent job providing a sense of mystery and even fear as you explore the house, not knowing what may be behind the next door you open. The background music also sets the stage for a gloomy but yet sometimes hopeful atmosphere. As the story unfolds, you may find out that there isn't much to be afraid of.Your adventure is, unfortunately, short lived. If you spend time exploring through every room, you can complete the story in about two hours or less. After you complete the game, I recommend playing through it a second time and listening to the developer commentary. It's great to hear what goes on behind-the-scenes, and you come to realize that the developers are people just like you and me who enjoy making video games.Overall, a 9 out of 10. It's not for everyone, but Gone Home is an experience like no other."
76561198027118583,Recommended,232430,13171104,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,kalenbobalen,"Ok, yes, it's not really a traditional game. But it has GREAT atmosphere and storytelling, and it does have a sort of puzzle aspect. Gone Home is so totally worth it, I promise."
76561198072095429,Recommended,232430,22170409,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,NervXT,"Gone Home is a relatively short narrative game where you play as Kaitlin Greenbriar, who returns home after a trip throughout Europe.  Upon arriving, you see a note from your younger sister taped to the front door telling you not to go digging around for answers and that she'll see you again someday.  Upon entering the house, it appears that nobody is home and you begin your journey to uncover what happened while you were away.What really got me first in this game is the atmosphere.  It's not a horror game but it certainly can feel that way sometimes with the thunderstorm booming outside, the darkness that envelopes entire rooms, and the creaking of an old house settling.  The unease as you explore the mystery surrounding your family works well in tandem with the overall story.  As you progress along, you'll turn on lights to combat the darkness and both figuratively and literally, shine light on the mystery your pursuing.The story in Gone Home is certainly one that I think many of us can relate to on several different levels.  Almost everyone has gone through the turbulent, confusing, and emotional teenage years and regardless of your age, I believe those memories still resonate with people on some level or another.  I think that is where the charm of this story truly comes to fruition as you navigate through your sisters personal thoughts and conflicts; the innate understanding of what being a teenager entails.  While your sisters' story is the main driving plot, there are other stories to be discovered not only about yourself, but your parents as well.  All of this combined makes for a very compelling fictionalized family.Gone Home takes place is the mid 90's and the recreation of common household items are calls back to that era, with CRT TV's, VHS cassette tapes, audio cassettes, etc.  I was amazed by how authentic I felt this place to be and the little details placed throughout certainly drives that point home.  The random notes, pictures, print-outs, etc also feel very authentic and further develop the idea that you're in a real place inhabited by real people.Personally, I recommend this game to anyone curious.  It may be short, but the authenticity of its characters and world is incredible.  For me it was somewhat of an emotional roller-coaster as you discover what has happened to your family and compelled me to pick it up again after several months to experience it once more.  The second time through, knowing the story, I opted to enable the commentary which gives you insight into the creation and ideology behind the game."
,Recommended,232430,22165527,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Red Vixen,"Incredible game, touching story, and keeps you on the edge until the last letter."
,Recommended,232430,24176772,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Gambit,"This one got a bad rap at release. For €20 it'svastlyoverpriced and critics exaggerated, leaving people with the wrong idea of what they're getting into and ultimately a feeling of""was that it?""once the credits roll. The media and fullbright themselves tragically ruined this great experience for a lot of people.Gone Home is a very simple, quaint story drenched in nostalgia and told very effectively, with an incredible atmosphere behind it. It's a hundred childhood memories of late nights and rainy days somehow turned into a game. It's an embodiment of raw wistfulness. At only about an hour and a half long you should wait for an appropriate price, but if it sounds like your thing you'll almost definitely be coming back. This is the third time I've played it through and I still love it.Rating: 4/5"
,Recommended,232430,33770267,Posted: 24 July,all,TintinTim,"I used to have a full review of Gone Home here, but decided to delete it beacause, I felt it didn't capture the spirit of the game.It is very hard to pinpoint the things, that made this game great: Was is the writing? Were it the characters? The Atmosphere? The Setting? The Music? The games Gone Home inspired? All of that? I really can't say...One thing I can say though, is that this game is definately a must play, as long as you do not HATE ""Walking Simulators"".You will get about 2h on your first playthrough and 1,5h on your second with dev commentary (highly recomended, very insightful) but the story and characters will stay with you even longer. It can be hard to justify the 20$ Price Tag, but if you're insecure wheather to buy this game or not, just wait for a Sale and pick it up for 5 to 10$."
,Recommended,232430,8652961,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,EkiMGnaW ᕙ(ಠ◡ಠ)ᕗ,"The game isn't for everyone and, at $20, can be a bit expensive for what it is, an interactive story. There's little to no replay value but there is something here that is hard to describe. More of a visual novel, Gone Home is a game where every player takes away something different. But if you allow it, Gone Home is a good example of how games can teach something through play.Reminiscent of Dear Esther, Gone Home is a simple, narrative-focused game whose themes of loneliness, turmoil, and confusion subtlely creates an atmosphere of tension that doesn't let go until the credits roll.Gone Home is a treasure hunt. One clue leads to another as you explore the mansion and try to piece together just why it's so quiet.Items strewn around the house are the only things the players can interact with besides doors and light switches. There are a few items that are inconsequential like mugs, drawers, and faucets that exist with no other purpose other than to be picked up. That said, most of the items give insight into who the characters are and the issues they face. The one character that doesn't get much elaboration is the one the player controls.There is one weird aspect in the game. You play in first-person and when you move your camera normally, everything is as you'd expect. However, if you mouse over an item or a door, the camera slows as if your mouse suddenly jumped into a bowl of molasses. And this isn't something that the player can control either. As you're moving your mouse around to survey your surroundings, you'll hit a closet door or some other item that causes the player-camera to abrubtly slow down only returning to normal once you've moused past the ""hit box"" so to speak. It's a bit jarring but it isn't gamebreaking by any means. Just something to consider/get used to.If you're looking for a game with deep, rewarding game mechanics/gameplay, Gone Home isn't it. But if you're looking for an interactive story about the human condition and what it does, Gone Home is a fantastic example of what video games can do outside of rewarding gameplay. It causes you to think about being human."
,Recommended,232430,8659269,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,RonnI,Well you find your fathers porn magazine made me want to fap so 10/10
76561198041734998,Recommended,232430,8673538,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,aquagosh,"A unique interactive experience well worth the price. You play as Katie, a college student who has spent a year abroad. In that year, your family has moved into a new home. When you return, you find a cryptic note from your younger sister on the door, and an abandoned house. You must search the home and unravel the mystery of your family's disapperance.  A triumph of interactive storytelling, you will be thinking of this game and it's characters long after you've finished it."
76561198121438920,Recommended,232430,9164194,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,rbrettj,"Gone Home certainly isn't a game for everybody. If you like your games fast, energetic, or challenging, this might not be the game for you. You can't play it with others, and once it's over, there's not a lot bringing you back. The story isn't world changing or mind blowing. And yet, a lot of detail went into this game. The visuals are impressive, and there is a huge amount of character building that goes on in the house you visit. In the short time you spend with the game, you learn all about the main character's family. For a player who grew up in the 90s, this game will be particularly special. As a game developer, there's a lot here to enjoy. Personally, I really enjoyed my time with Gone Home. I hope that others do as well and that it continues to strike a cord with those who like it."
,Recommended,232430,9181978,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Bigfrankenberry,"This gamg is short but the story and narrations are on point. 9|10 Makes you feel something, which most game fail to achieve"
,Recommended,232430,9209338,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,ThexNegativexOne,"Not so much a game as it is an experiment in story telling.  The premise is simple, you play an older sister of a family, you've spent time overseas and while you were away your family have moved into a new home and countless events have occured.  As the game starts, the home appears empty, it's up to you to explore the new environment and discover the secrets of the home and what has been happening to your family while you were away.Most of the narritive is told in letters from your younger sister or written in journals scattered around the home.  The interaction with the environment is pretty limited but good enough to not make the home feel like a bad backdrop. The entire experience shouldn't take you more than a few hours tops.  I finished my playthrough in less than 3 hours and I felt I had searched every nook and cranny.  I enjoyed the experience but if you're looking for a interaction to burn several days of time up, this isn't it."
76561198033647644,Recommended,232430,9469467,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Sick Bod,"Interesting game, slightly confused at first about which characters the journals were talking about.  But once it became a bit more obvoius the story settles and you get dragged in and hooked.Keeps a slight eeriness to the game and sound design is spot on.  Once I was into the story i played untill completion on the 2nd sitting.Would recommend only to people that like a good story and dont mind little actual gameplay.  If your the type that rather play on easy and just enjoy games for the cut scenes and story  then your like this."
76561198033398737,Recommended,232430,9490519,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Dave,"The only premise I had read about this game was that you arrive at your new house after being away for a year, only to find it deserted, and you have to explore the house and investigate what happened. I approached this game with quite an open mind, and am glad I did because, even though gameplay is quite short (it took me 4.5 hours to finish the game and find all 24 journals) the quality of narrative and voice acting really helped make the game for me. It's difficult to write anything else about it that won't spoil it, save to say that during your investigations a picture builds up of what happened, not just recently, but over the years. Storyline aside, the graphics are good enough, the controls are straightforward (don't expect any 'change weapon' or 'jump' keys!), although there wasn't really much need for an inventory key. I can understand a large group of people not liking this type of game at all, especially those that paid a two-figure sum for the download, however if you're a fan of an independent, moving, graphical story then you can't go wrong with Gone Home. It'll be on my mind for a long time, and for all the right reasons!"
,Recommended,232430,7906687,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Optimum Havoc,"Great game. The voice acting is tremendous and the way the setting tells the story is unique. Presented in a linear format, but it doesn't feel like the player is forced into it. Story develops very well. I'm looking forward to more games from Fullbright."
76561198036291068,Recommended,232430,7956961,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Gromia,"Amazing, just amazing! LOVE IT"
,Recommended,232430,7958785,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Wonderlandreamr,"Even though the whole time I was playing this game, I was a little freaked out something was going to pop out of the shadows, I enjoyed every minute of it.It's an amazing experience, as you play one of the characters and look through their childhood home. You discover things about her family little by little, and when you get to the end and you realize after ten minutes that it's over, you feel a little sad that the story didn't continue.I will say, somethings were difficult, but it just takes time. You have to look through every nook and cranny to get the full story, but it's one that I won't forget soon."
,Recommended,232430,8410130,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Trocar Slush Weasel,"More of a work of interactive fiction than a traditional game.  Great story that unfolds gradually as you explore a spooky, deserted house.  Not that difficult but that isn't the point."
,Recommended,232430,8412752,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Jewpacabra,"I did not expect to be drawn into this game as much as I have been. A beautifully written narrative, crafted in such a way that you hardly realize this home is not your own. The stories that you piece togeather while rummaging through this rather sizable home is incredible. You never actually see any of the people, but you always feel like they are near you. The game can seem rather short, if only played for the main story line, but there are so many other questions to be found and answered. One of the most engaging video games I have played since childhood, and further proof that video games as art is a very real thing."
76561198061226786,Recommended,232430,8413037,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Wheels,i found this game to be quite amazing. sadly it was relatively short but for the 3 hours i spent playing it i could not stop. very interesting story and keeps you guessing until the very last minute.
76561198001637291,Recommended,232430,8446477,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,iconduck,"It's impossible to review a game like Gone Home fully without ruining it, but I'll say what I can.My hatred of adventure games is well documented.  Fortunately, Gone Home can't be called an adventure game because it contains precisely one puzzle, and the solution makes perfect sense.  It's more of an interactive story in all the best ways.  The designers capture the experience of being a teenager in the 90s perfectly, from our obsession with Street Fighter to our tragic taste in music to our massive pirated movie libraries on vhs.  The designers have very good taste in movies.It's also obvious that the designers have a serious case of OCD that requires treatment.  In most games, a fully stocked fridge means that there's an important clue hiding under the bananas, but in Gone Home that's just par for the course.  Tertiary characters in this game are more fleshed out than the protagonists in many others.  Little details abound, and what's more, they're completely consistent.I won't say much about the story except to say that it works, and works well.  This is also the first time in all my years of playing video games that I felt actual dread, and the dread wasn't for the playable character.Enough with the praise, there are some serious flaws that need to be addressed.  First, if you weren't an American teenager during the 90s, you won't get this game.  Second, $20 is a ridiculous price for a game that lasts 2 hours.  Gone home has the worst price to time ratio of all the good games in my collection, and it's simply too much to ask for a game that only appeals to a very small segment of the population.  Finally, there are a few loose ends that I would have liked to have seen tied up.  Still, if you're in the target demographic and you can pick this up for $5, do so."
76561197991414770,Recommended,232430,8463748,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,briank414,Finished this in 90 minutes.It's not scary.It's not aventurous.It's a story.I'm not sure if I liked it or not ...
76561198011751840,Recommended,232430,7857757,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Moonfox,"Yes yes, a thousand times yes. It's got a lovely, real feeling, story, that you have to flesh out as you go. Told through seeking out various things in your home, you try to find out exactly what was going on with your family for the year you have been away from home. I highly suggest this interactive story."
,Recommended,232430,7858251,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,squizzeak,"More of a touching story than a game, I ""couldn't put it down"", so to speak.  The voice actress who played ""Sam"" was especially good and you end up playing the game as if you were actually her sister, I found myself smiling at some times and worried at others, as if I were there.  Definitely felt a connection to the character, so props to the production team for bringing out the player's empathy.Relatively short as games go, but it ate up a whole evening and I'm richer for the experience.  Highly recommended."
76561198119163341,Recommended,232430,8411550,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ArielBlue,"I really enjoyed this game.  I like exploring virtual environments, solving puzzles and am not big on shooters.  If you are of similar game persuasion, this game is rich with an interactive interface and is very detailed.  My only complaint is that the game is short and you could finish it in one sitting if you play it for 5 or 6 hours straight.  It depends on your style of playing.  If the game creators would do a sequel and extend the game play hours, I would buy it in a heart beat."
76561198049748100,Recommended,232430,8441247,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,tootsie,"Best narrative game I've played. Makes you relive the Main Character's life, and feel the same things that she would feel. This game is amazingly well done, has beautiful graphics, keeps you on edge, and has a satisfying end. The game doesn't have any action in it, but it's worth a look."
,Recommended,232430,10631800,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,simmerash,An immersive exploration game with a very emotinal story and some dark humor... Recommended for those who enjoy exploration games and/or are looking for a new and revitalizing story.
,Recommended,232430,24626816,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Zamb,10/10 Great for speedrunning
76561197970573910,Not Recommended,232430,33339139,Posted: 7 July,all,r1crawford,"€20 for maybe 60 mins of gameplay (the 2.4hrs I had was due to having to step away for ~1hr while playing), so cannot recommend this. Maybe worth it for €2, cause the story itself it kinda boring to me. It got high praise from reviewers, but always felt that was because they didn't have to stump up the over-expensive price for it."
,Recommended,232430,34705476,Posted: 3 September,all,Gibus Wearing Brony,"I don't want to spoil it, but it's beautiful."
76561197995587647,Recommended,232430,28359762,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Lafé,Likely the best walking sim ever made.
,Recommended,232430,8842074,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Smudge,All the feels. Excellent game.
76561198072500273,Recommended,232430,18319499,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Rin,I was iffy on getting it because reviews weren't great but I did when it was like 2bux.. it's cute and nostalgic. Played it on a night I needed to chill out. It also has some pretty awesome riot grrrl music in it. :)
76561198175093434,Recommended,232430,18347158,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,The Wu Kong,Always glad to play a different kind of game where narrative actually matters above anything else.
,Recommended,232430,18357546,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Saph,"Gone Home is a story driven, first person exploration based game in which you explore and eerily dark and desolate household searching for clues about your little sister. There isn't really much more to say without spoiling the story, the game is relatively short and is very effective in its use of pacing.As the player I went into the game not knowing a single thing about it and was soon immersed in the self contained world and engrossing story. The atmosphere of the game is a little dismal and feels somewhat akin to the original Resident Evil minus the zombies and monsters. There is a pleasant 90's soundtrack to uncover and experience while you poke around the rooms of the house that serve to cut the tention a bit.Gameplaywise Gone Home is devoid of any really distinguishing features, it's entirely exploration based with no real action outside of solving a puzzle or two. There are secrets aplenty and the 90s asthetic is very charming.If you're one for a good story and enjoy empathising with characters then I cannot recommend this game enough. However if you are not one for said stories then look elsewhere. Gone Home was a short lived experience for me, but left a good enough impression to warrant me giving it a positive review.Prepare for some of dem feels if you choose to buy this and I personally recommend taking your time in order to soak in the unique world the developer has lovingly crafted."
,Recommended,232430,18355539,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,vvladisavljevic,"Gone Home is a truly outstanding game that restored my faith in the power of storytelling. Unlike anything I have ever played, this game is incredibly simple yet very personal and engaging. Be prepared for a session of nostalgic content that anyone born in the 90s or before will be able to instantly connect with. As you explore the house, you will find pieces of information that will help you produce a picture of the event preceding your arrival. The game rewards you for spending some extra time by revealing parts of the side story and surrounding you with mysteries. This provides room for additional plays and interest in communicating with the online community.It took me about 2-3 hours to complete the game first time which was slightly disappointing considering the rather steep pricing. However the rich and emotional story together with haunting atmosphere and incredible interiors combine to produce a magnificent game. I am looking forward to playing more titles like this."
,Recommended,232430,24636389,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,SPC Boom,"The short version is this: You're playing a movie, not a conventional video game.  It's exceptionally well told and is nice to look at, easily on par with high-end indie movies.  It's worth noting that Gone Home is priced about the same as a Blu-Ray movie would be at most retail stores, so no, $19.99 is not asking too much for a 1080p movie-like experience, in my opinion.The long version below goes into a little more detail about why Gone Home is such a great experience, in my pseudo-intellectual opinion.Gone Home is not a game.  Our interactions with the world are too minimal compared with other games.  There is no failure state, there are no puzzles, and we have zero impact on the narrative or even the environment.  Gone Home is not a movie.  The whole story is told in one big, long cut, where we are often left standing in place and looking at the scenery, and that's something of a no-no in even independent art-house film.  Gone Home isn't even a glorified audiobook, since the narrator doesn't exactly act, it's more like a long after-the-fact explanation for why the titular home is empty when the player shows up.  That kind of delivery might work for a non-fiction book, but not for something with an actual story to it.Gone Home, instead, is something we experience in our imagination, with the help of the narration and the provided environment.  It took me an hour and 48 minutes to get through it all, which is, appropriately, about how long an independent film with a similar setup would run.In a way, Gone Home is brilliant, because it provides a visual cue to let the player know what the rest of the world might look like, and then gives them narration to provoke the imagination.  The objects that we interact with to trigger pieces of the story narration also help give us a clue what the setting might look like.  Experimental high school garage band logos tell us what these kids might look like, and our mind conjures up the rest of the images.  With this, Gone Home is able to to cut out almost all of the descriptive language that might be in an audiobook while still letting the imagination run wild, something that can't happen in a movie or conventional game.Gone Home is experienced at your pace, and that's a bigger strength that most might realize, since after every piece of narration, we can take a moment to absorb and add what we just heard to the bigger story.  Again, conventional film, games, and audiobooks can't really pull that off.If you heard the story already from a friend, I absolutely feel like you will still get a great experience from it, regardless, since there's plenty of polish and attention to detail in the visual settings.  There are just so many great details and tiny awesome moments that you have to experience Gone Home for yourself."
76561198106159078,Recommended,232430,24627846,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,big bopper,"*just so you know, i got this game on sale for crazy cheap (four bucks)*this game is pretty much a movie, i finished it in 1.3 hours. all you need to ask yourself to know if you want to get this game is ""is a top notch story and some nice environments are worth 15 bucks?"", if not, don't get it, if it interests you but you aren't sure wait for a sale (like me), and if it's a yes, you will love this game, i know i did. ps. just a warning, while slightly creepy, this isn't a horror game, it's just got very atmospheric sounds and music."
,Recommended,232430,24636475,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,SylaR,"I got this game when it was $3.99 and think it is definitly worth the money.The graphics/art was wonderful, the narrative is fantastic.It may be short but it was a very enjoyable 2 hours."
76561198075255458,Recommended,232430,30623520,Posted: 19 March,all,Olabajsfis,"This was a very nice little game, if you liked Firewatch you might like this one as well. It's basically the same. Firewatch was bigger though. This one takes a few hours tops. Actually it's a little too short.Gameplay in general is slow-paced, pretty...Whatever, actually the reason I started writing this review is too warn you of the absolutely hideous outro song! It was like... I lack a word for it. It just really sucked so bad, and it made me feel like I was being punished for making it through the game.But up until that I liked it."
76561198042531964,Recommended,232430,23223653,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Oh Welles,"3/5 for great atmosphere.Like a haunted house, but with lesbians instead of ghosts."
,Recommended,232430,16764165,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Wit,Great mystery-story!
76561198100188515,Recommended,232430,13679781,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,hospitaliano,A 3.5 hour game about turning on all the lights in a house.  4 out of 5 lit lamps.
76561198069822261,Not Recommended,232430,13678374,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,MKTalent,Not a scary game (or even a game).  Beat it in an hour (serious).  Waste of money (and I got it at a heavy discount...).  Having trouble finding words to express my dissapointment.
,Recommended,232430,7823493,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Russian Bear,This is a good interactive story ( looks likeTo The MoonorDear Ester) about two teenage girls with a 90s atmosphere.
76561198062241368,Recommended,232430,17561469,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Ditzy,"WARNING-GAME IS OVERHYPED AND OVERPRICED!10/10 (This review is based on the lowered price of $2.39 USD not for the current price of $20 USD.)Short review:-PRO/CON-Cliche story from television, books, and movies alike, but relatively new to games from what I've played.-PRO-Atmospheric and pretty game with great pictures and photos hanging on the walls.-CON-High price for short game. I've played every single bit of this game and only have 3.6 hours of gameplay.-CON-Barely any music to play, don't know why the soundtrack is so highly priced.Long review:Recommended if you love story games without puzzles. Not recommended if you're looking for something with tons of puzzles (ie point-and-click adventures).I do not think the $20 asking fee is appropriate for the amount of gameplay given. Replay value, at least for me, is extremely low. I've completely completed every last bit of this game. I know everyone's stories and have searched the house top to bottom completely yet only have 3.6 hours on record. (And that's saying something as I took my sweet time enjoying the game for all it was worth.) I admit to getting this game at a low price while it was on sale-so at least for the price I paid ($2.39), I believe I got every cent's worth and then some. A fair price, in my opinion, would be about $5 or less.I loved the story and ending, (although pretty predictable I admit) and loved the other stories integrated in the background as well. (Also the background stories are pretty cliche as well.) The art was amazing, especially the paintings on the walls (if you love watercolor paintings you'll love the detailed ones the game provides) and the photographs. The house itself was a great style with great background noise of rain and a dark backdrop. Each room was very beautiful as well, and the details were immense. I guess if I did replay the game, it'd most likely be to mess up the house and just play around instead of playing seriously.For those looking for something scary, this is not for you. It is neither horror nor supposed to be scary. While there is a dark atmosphere, there are no scares involved whatsoever. Anything in the game that links to the maybe-ghost of the previous owner is just for storyline purposes alone and are not scary nor intended to be.In short, this game is pretty amazing. It's atmospheric and imitates almost a visual novel/simulator mix.-A story you can walk through and feel as you progress on your journey. Handwritten notes, books, pictures, and even wall etchings detail the set of your simulated story wonderfully. Random item placement, and small jokes on magazines as well as the packages of food lighten the journey as the contrast of the storm outside darkens it.For anyone scared easily and wanting to play this game, I recommend turning the volume down as sometimes the thunder can get pretty loud (there's a setting under options to change this volume to lower), and to watch for loudness when they play a casette or even a record. Sometimes the music is pretty loud against the almost-silence you get used to as you play.10/10 overall for a story-based simulator-type game."
,Recommended,232430,17038968,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,RagingPikachu,This game has simple controls and a very interesting story! I would reccomend this to anyone in search of a game with a great story and the time to complete it in one sitting (Less than three hours) to recieve maximum enjoyment from this title.
76561198037488611,Recommended,232430,17042502,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,wagimus,"Short and to the point with this one. It took me forever to finally sit down with Gone Home, but when I finally mustered up the patience to fiddle with my settings so that I could run it, I blew through it in a single sitting. After I lowered my resolution, I searched this home room by room in an orderly fashion. I'm basically rummaging through this families things, listening to the stories told by their youngest daughter. No puzzles, but the occasional numerical lock to find the code for. Some secret passages, subtle family drama, teen angst, and a fair amount of 90s nostalgia tied in to an interesting story about love and life. I'm not sure I stand on one side or the other with the, ""is this a game?"" debate, but I did enjoy the short experience!"
,Recommended,232430,17274868,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Calm Spaghetti,"It didn't take long to complete, but that's okay because I got it on sale. It was a sweet story that I could relate to, and I feel like there was a lot more I could have learned if I had more time to explore. There was a lot of effort put into the details. Nice atmosphere between the ambient music and the weather. Oh, and no jump scares. That was a bonus for me.7/10 would go on girly teenage angst journey again."
76561198042281318,Recommended,232430,17073851,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Sairvell,"This game was an unexpected gem.I picked it up on sale and became immediately intrigued by the premise of someone coming home from an extended absence, only to find their entire family missing.The terrific narration and the well-written and poignant monologues paint the picture that the only adequate graphics can't. There are a great many clues laying about the house that led me down one path, but then some new audio recording, written note or what-not would put what I'd seen in a different context and lead me in a new direction.This is a difficult game to write much about because giving too much information about the state of affairs at the protagonist's home would spoil the story. The other aspect that makes this game difficult to describe in any way that appeals is that it is a walking simulator. There are some inventory management puzzles to open new areas, but most of the rewards and insights come from small clues and learning just a touch more about the sister that your character thought she knew so well.As a side note, the game is set int he middle nineties, so there are all sorts of cultural touchstones and things such as VCRs and audio cassettes that make the set of Gone Home into a sort of creepy, virtual time capsule. I found the video game references particularly entertaining.Not a lot happens in Gone Home and the running time is short; that said, I'd certainly recommend it if you can get it on sale.  Anyone who relishes stories that come apart like onion skins, revealing new information and casting previously discovered evidence in a new light, would likely enjoy Gone Home.There's not a lot of action, but it's got a ton of heart."
,Recommended,232430,17086357,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,preconcussion,"Engaging point and click adventure where the B-stories are more interesting than the A-story. Does a great job of building tension and creating an atmosphere of dread, despite the (spoiler) rather domestic story underneath. Perfect length for a game like this; my only complaint is that in a game where realism is strived for and often achieved, we have the 'game-y' issue of all this information being left out in convenient places for the player to find. There are some subtleties to where information is located, but sometimes the veracity fails."
76561197984668685,Recommended,232430,17102032,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,deno,"A bit overated.  The reviews called this game revolutionary, and it's really quite standard, short, and sweet.  It's got a nice little story.  It's mechanics tell the story effectively.  There are no big suprises.  Lots of 90's nostalgia.  I'd probably play another game that these people did, but I feel the hype surrounding it was completely unwarrented."
,Recommended,232430,17114199,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,majesdane,"It's a short and easy game, but it's story rich and with a lovely environment."
76561198056832222,Recommended,232430,17222226,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Galgimesh,"There's not much to say, but any game that can make me feel anything is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing great. So this is double that"
,Recommended,232430,17223328,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Dr. Cackles,"Gone Home tells the story of a young girl home after a long trip overseas.  Before you even open the door to begin your story, a note is left on the door to pull you along.  Your sister is gone, and she doesn't want you looking for her.  As the game progresses, you learn more about your family, and the house.This 'game' is labeled on Wikipedia as a first person interactive story adventure.  Specifically in Gone Home, you walk around the house, pick up items, read notes, and figure out ways to explore more of the house.  Your carrot on the stick is the story, and it's a good one.There are puzzles in the house, but they are only there to pace the story they are trying to tell.  They really didn't give me my puzzle game fix like games like Myst would.  The interactive part of this story adventure amounts to picking up items to examine them and putting them back down.  It fleshes out the story.On the negative side, while the story was good, it wasn't great.  The finale was lacking, but maybe that was my fault.  The atmosphere made me feel like I was in a spooky house.  Some of the history that you learn also puts you in this creepy vibe.  The game really isn't creepy or really all that mysterious.  I thought it was going to be a mysterious adventure, but it wasn't.  They told me a story, and as interesting as it was, it was still underwhelming.I still recommend a play through though.  I've never played a game like this before and I couldn't stop once I started.  It only took a couple hours to finish, so go for it.Gone Home was developed by Fullbright.  Their next game on the horizon isTacoma.  Slated for a 2016 release."
,Recommended,232430,17273122,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Kortirion,"Short, but sweet Indie foray into minimalistic game development via the oft overlooked adventure game format. While the coming of age / coming out main plot is heartfelt, poignant and well-realized thru excellent storytelling and voice acting, the (easily missed) sinister sideplot and eerieness that is both a facade and very real (this in context to the subplot) are what makes this a true winner. Gone Home explores human nature and the still taboo (especially in this medium) topic of human sexuality and does so without coming across as judgmental or preachy."
76561198050589077,Recommended,232430,17287327,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,ZombieClone98,"turn off the lights, shut the blinds, put on your headphones and just experience it. i got chills"
76561198004064717,Recommended,232430,17288759,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,LyraHealy,An excellent slice of life short story brilliantly told.
76561198018993524,Recommended,232430,17324461,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,WARRIORPIN,Gone home is a go at your own pace game with a good story behind it. Would recommend to all.
76561198097534431,Recommended,232430,17435250,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,liron.leist,This game is the equivalent of a very good book. It grabbed me from the first minute and had me until the beautiful ending. It is so challenging to create a game which is sustained solely by it's story - but this game totally succeeds. I hope there are more like this heading our way.
,Recommended,232430,17580790,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Konzi,"Okay, this game is a walking simulator and it will probably take you about two hours to finish but i really enjoyed the experience. The game consists of walking about in an empty house and reading notes left about and unlocking a few rooms. I'll say the voice acting for Sam is brilliant as well. If theres a humble bundle or something of the like featuring gone home I'd advise on getting it and exploring the world thats presented in this game"
,Recommended,232430,20081480,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Steelclaw1313,"This game brings me to near tears every time I play it. I personally think it DOES have replay value. You just might need a little break between playthroughs. I've played it a few times.LET ME PREFACE:But here's the kicker, and why people are giving it negative reviews:THE GAME HAS NO COMBAT AND NO PUZZLESThis is actually explicitly stated in the description of the game. So if you don't like games like that, then don't buy this. Simple. No need to give this masterpiece a negative review because you didn't read the description.The story is very very deep and thought out, and often, very emotional.I've also found the game to be rather ominous and creepy at times (although nothing bad happens in the gameplay).You walk throughout the house and find clues as to what happened to your family and why they aren't there. You come across memories and narrations as you discover new parts of the house and new parts of the story.The game only last about 2 hours on your first playthrough, but it's a wonderful 2 hours. I loved every second of this game and completely recommend it to someone who just wants a good story without combat or puzzles.10/10"
76561198045290743,Recommended,232430,19846913,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Kenny,My girlfriend played it with me so I like it a lot.  Pretty engaging little story.
76561198011204888,Recommended,232430,20229518,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Kiiandrii,This house must be a nightmare to heat.
,Recommended,232430,20283668,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,James Joyce,"*SPOILER* There's a note you find, written by Terrence's dad (Katy and Sam's grand dad), wherein he congratulates his son on being published, but then rips him apart for the trite banality of his book series. He urges him to find a real, honest voice, as opposed to jumping through hoops of convoluted nothingness and tropish crap. You realize that Terry has been going back and forth, trying to discover this voice and with no avail. How does that fit in with the game? It was real, it was honest. No ghosts, no alien abductions, no seance to reveal the spirits. Just a simple story of a family in turmoil. A wife who is messing around on her husband, an alcoholic dad who's lost his talent and passion of writing, their relationship with a troubled teenage daughter and the daughter who herself is also struggling to find her real voice. Believe it or not, and as soap operatic as it all sounds, the way the game approached the narrative (having you drive the narrative through simple discovery) was really unique and fun."
76561197990169304,Recommended,232430,20608093,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,njwashuta,This game is amazing. One of the best examples of non-traditional storytelling I've ever played. This game is best if you don't read anything about it. Just buy it and play it. You won't regret it.
76561198006918842,Recommended,232430,20664162,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,NY152,"Great atmosphere and rewarding story. Short and sweet, well worth the price."
,Recommended,232430,19837892,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Caroolpmelo,"It's not just a game, it's a beautiful and worthy experience. Anything i'd say beyond this would be considered spoiler. Maybe a little overpriced, but the price drops every now and then."
76561198019131750,Recommended,232430,20202863,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,PartimeTheory,"Gone Home is not so much a game but a story. The story seemed pretty clear where it is going but the journey, that journey, that is what makes this a must have. The voice acting is what makes this work, it is not the best but it has the right  emotions (tone and reflextions).  As the credits roll I was thinking this and Life Is Strange have some things in common. Anyways this is a title worth getting(only on sale) , thanks for reading this and have a great day!"
,Recommended,232430,17237337,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,secretlycanadian,"Beautiful, haunting story."
76561198091103584,Recommended,232430,17308378,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Giddien,Fantastic short story!
76561197996429365,Recommended,232430,17327929,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Boko Harambe,"Bought for spooky scares, got an alright lesbian love story. 8/10 would recommend."
76561198058644046,Recommended,232430,17567804,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Framerate,"Gone Home was by far one of the best exploration 'Figure out the story' types fames I've played yet. I found that I was clicking on everything just so I could learn more.I feel like, maybe early in it's development the designers wanted to make a horror game, but scratched the idea. Because it has that sort of 'You will be attacked and killed vibe'. But truthfully the game was nothing like that.At it's heart Gone Home is a story-driven exploration game, and a great one at that. The story was amazing, and the pacing was pretty decent as well.I reccommend this game to anyone that has a few hours to spare and wants an intelligent experience."
,Recommended,232430,19944542,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,andrewjm,"I absolutely love this game!!! Even though it's a short game, I really enjoyed it from beginning to end. I almost cried when I finished the game. I'm definitely going to play this again and will recommend this to friends. Thank you so much :D Ace soundtrack!! This is a game worth buying and taking the time to play!"
76561197995300702,Recommended,232430,20063372,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Kurban2112,"very goood,"
76561197983880886,Recommended,232430,20130886,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sumbral,Took around 2 hours to play through the immersive storytelling of this game.  The detail in the environment and story is fantastic for building up emotional investment.
,Recommended,232430,20193662,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,IssacFunny,"This is an exploration game with a story hidden beetween everything. It's one of the most amazing narrative games for me. So nice. In gameplay wise it's only a first person game, not much other but still it's a great experience for people who enjoy games with narrative and atmospheric power. If you're expecting a hardcore puzzle game or something, this might not be for you though."
,Recommended,232430,8101461,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Timmy Monster,Awwwwww
76561198031246888,Recommended,232430,8100399,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Sparklepony,"Its the kind of story that only works if you move at your own pace, dont rush it and enjoy. 10/10 would bang"
76561198045544824,Recommended,232430,8107737,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,ThatNerdSam,One of the best experiences I have ever had
76561197995894805,Recommended,232430,22155052,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Sefu,Anybody who grew up LGBT in the 90s should play this game. Now.I will say that I think the ending was a little naive. I don't think the outcome is the right way to deal with these issues...  but I'll leave that to each player.
,Recommended,232430,22170323,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Kebabalicious,"If you are looking for a story driven, easily controlled game that can make you feel warm and fuzzy, then this is a game for you. Granted, to me, this doesn't have replayability, but I did enjoy my journey through it once."
76561198272319152,Recommended,232430,24176670,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,raf_fb,"If you need something calm and easy to finish off an evening this might just be the right thing.The story is nice and presented in a way befitting the atmosphere, so if you allow yourself to get absorbed in it you're sure to be up for a nice experience - which however only lasts for about 2 hours, and despite this not really making the story lacking in any way it is still a bit of a letdown as the game lacks any kind of replay value and there's nothing additional you might discover or see when you play it again.That being said I can only agree that the price tag is not appropriate for a game this short, but if you manage to get it on a sale you can't really do anything wrong."
,Recommended,232430,24184916,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Razmatic,"A real gem with a lot of atmosphere and a good deal of exploration and interaction with your surroundings. The details poured into every aspect of fleshing out the characters here is nothing short of astonishing, delving into decades of family history that unravels the mystery at hand.A simple format masterfully made with a huge focus on story and exploration."
76561198177506445,Recommended,232430,33767525,Posted: 24 July,all,marielroyan7,"Great game. I bought it during the Steam summer sale, so it was cheaper than $19.99. Not sure if I would've purchased otherwise. I was immersed and it was very feelsy!"
,Not Recommended,232430,16857199,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,kgptzac,"Not worth $20.This game is basically an audio book and text pieces lie around in a house to collect.  While the story itself isn't completely boring, it's doesn't fit the atmosphere of the game, which is supposed to be creepy.  There is no player interaction other than go to some place, interact with an object (mostly read text) and move to somewhere else.  ""Solving the mystery"" is unfortunately a pretense of a mediocre teenage love story, which you probably wouldn't desire if you, like me, are drawn to this game wanting to solve a mystery.However since I got this game around $3, I won't request a refund.  Only recommended if price drop below $5 due to its misleading nature and short play time."
,Recommended,232430,16802016,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Saga,"Notable features:Permanently lose pencils by carelessly tossing them behind furniture, just like real lifeSimple, yet detailed and visually consistent 3D modelsGood ol' Christmas DuckNonlinear narrative - you learn more about the world by exploringA sound effect that is probably supposed to be thunder but sounds more like the sound effect that plays when you spend a perk point in SkyrimMakes narrow-minded people angryA change of paceChances are, if you're on this page you aready know if you want to buy Gone Home or not. You probably also know how controversial it is. How it challenges the established definition of ""video game,"" and how you feel about this.Let me reassure you: your other, more action oriented games will still be there when you decide you're done with this one. This game is an experience that I feel the industry needs more of. You're entitled to your own opinion on these matters, but let's be civil about it. Thanks."
,Recommended,232430,17291124,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,bumblebeeAngst,"A short, but thoroughly detailed, and worthy emotional experience.Play it, but not with the expectation of a horror game."
,Recommended,232430,17297173,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,+=Neutronic=+,"So damn romantic!This may not be the first person bro shooter you're used to, and it may not be the multiplayer chat hub so many people enjoy, but if you want a great story, amazing atmosphere, humor, romance, sadness and even some nostalgia, then this game is for you.10/10- Will definately play, cry, laugh, and love again."
,Recommended,232430,17438336,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,JillieFoo,"Going into this game, I told myself to ""imagine"" I was the character in the house. That's what these types of games are about. sure, games are meant to immerse you into the game on it's own (which I feel the game does decently enough) but adding the air of imagination to increase your own personal feelings about the given situation at hand in said game can go a long way.now one thing I'll say right now, for $20 bucks... if you REALLY want to play this game and can't wait for a sale, then go ahead, but I recommend getting it on sale. only reason being, it's just not that long.now back to me imagining things:so, I'm a daughter, come home from college. I come home.... and... well... no one is home. if this were me in real life, I would be relatively scared for my loved ones. and given the state of th house... it's not in great shape.... so either my parent's stopped caring about cleaning as much anymore, or.... some♥♥♥♥♥♥went down.this builds an air of ""oh my god, were is my family? I have to find out what the hell happened!"" to the game. I mean, if you don't wish to put yourself into this characters shoes, then I understand that some people wouldn't like this. but trust me, shut off your BS meter when playing this game and just remember ""this is happening to YOU"". Sure ths story may not be the ""six sense"" of the gaming industry, but playing this game I had a lot of questions as to certain things around the house that usually gave me a chill down my spine as if I were a 7 year old who has to go into the creepy basement to get the laundry, but you don't want to cause ""there be monster down there"". putting yourself into the right shoes when playing this game can make you relive those feelings, as ludacris as it may make you feel.is it a great game? well, with how I experianced it, it was worth my time and I had fun. so it was a good game, but not great.The story? It knows how to hint a certain things that make you start coming up with your own theories as to what happened. and you just feel like you just HAVE to find the truth. so the story in my opinon is a pretty darn good story. and on top of that, at the end, though I may have wanted more resolution, I found myself with a hopeful smile. I might be a sentimentalist, but that made the game worth my time and money.should you play it? well, I say yes. But as I mentioned, price is a bit of an issue.will I fault you for not liking the game? Absolutely not. every game appeals to a different person in MANY ways. I just gave you my general experiance and how it made me feel. you can read this review and hope it leads you down the right path, but it's ultimately up to you to decide if this game is a journey you want to take."
76561198259337125,Recommended,232430,19921219,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,lgbenjamin,"Let's be clear: this isn't a game in the sense that you need to kill some bad guys, or solve lots of difficult puzzles to move into the next level. It's more of a an interactive/exploratory story, which is pretty fascinating as a form of story-telling. Overall, I REALLY enjoyed Gone Home. I thought the experience of learning about someone peice by peice was wonderful, and generally love where this form of gaming is going (exploration/deep story telling vs. shoot/kill)."
76561198060204661,Recommended,232430,20271332,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TheCommonCold85,"First off, there is no challenge to this game. Can't get more hand-holding than that. If you enjoy story-focused games, here it is.Second, the lesbian love high school story is pretentious. Smuh-pocalyse Now. Still, a fun two hours. Don't spend more than a few dollars though."
,Recommended,232430,20715704,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,blazing,"Really enjoyed the game, would not buy at full price though.Story was engaging but the soundtrack annoyed me (the background music was fine the tapes were annoying)You don't have to listen to the tapes though so all in all an amazing game"
,Recommended,232430,20799057,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,JC Denton,"A fascinating blend of sinister Victorian spookiness and 90's punk girl attitude, Gone Home is a meditative if somewhat dry experience. The narrative does its best to be engaging without characters, dialogue, or choices, and is successful up to a point. The game space itself is an interesting architectural study to wander through, and following the emotional arcs of the varying family members though artifact discovery is a unique experience."
,Recommended,232430,19926343,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,bperki8,"This was a great game for anyone who likes to search every little bit of the level and piece the story together from background information. Also, the soundtrack was superb. Riot grrrl music from the 90s found in tapes around the mansion help to set the mood. Just make sure to search for that tape every time you see a player. And definitely get this game."
,Recommended,232430,19950757,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,p.castro,"Play this game if you like a good storyline and a very orchestrated game design (I don't know why, but Metroid comes up when I think about it). If I told you what I think of everybody who hates this game, this would be a spoiler."
76561198043915494,Recommended,232430,19979466,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,armouredescort,"This is a short, yet immensely enjoyable game. Gone Home, however, isn't for everyone. If you want a sweet coming of age story, then this is for you. If you're after a horror game, then go play SOMA or Amnesia, as Gone Home is light on the chills. I like to replay this one on a rainy day - sets the atmosphere."
76561197970403228,Recommended,232430,20284454,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,FreekyB,"This type of game isn't for everyone, but in the end I was entertained and stirred by an emontional narrative. And that's what matters in this genre, right?In the beginning, I felt a little scared and apprehensive. But as the story unfolded it turned more into sadness and intrigue. And I really developed a sense of lonliness as I wandered the house, wondering where everyone was at. So it worked for me, even if it was only mildly entertaining.One caveat: it's definitely NOT worth $20. I got it for a couple bucks. The high cost for a 2-hour ""interactive story"" is probably why some people felt cheated, and rightly so."
,Recommended,232430,20534841,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Ludo,"A very interesting ambiance storyline game.The entire gameplay is you walking around find clues as to where your family has gone,each clue plays a new audio file unlocking more of the story. At the end you find out where your sister went too,It was an okay game and for the large part i found myself triping thinking there was something scary going to be in the game.The art work and detail put into the terrain and visuals are what makes this game and its story element.It greatly lacks in gameplay and just about anything else, good for those who like to have a casual story."
,Recommended,232430,20601113,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,carlclarabut,Heartfelt and surprisingly touching. Went into this game of no idea of what to expect and that's the best way to play this gem.
76561198057510336,Recommended,232430,20607835,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Natural04,"Almost three years after it's release, Gone Home had been spoiled for me in every possible way. Given this, I'm not sure what made me play it, but I'm glad I did. This game is bigger than it's ending. The narrative is delivered so well that the journey is well worth it. Must play."
76561198041998485,Recommended,232430,20630758,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Darth_MV,"I just finished this game. Objectively, it is a well written narrative and I enjoyed walking through the house as I really like mansions of kind used for the game. If you like these kinds of games (exploration, walking around, enjoying atmosphere), I believe that this one is worth it. Subjectively, I hate the main subject of the story - which is, without spoiling, 17 years old girl thinking whole world is against her, failed parenthood. I enjoyed the game. Yet, it is one timer for me."
,Recommended,232430,20731220,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Fusilli Zaitsev,About 2 hrs of touching and suspensful gameplay.
,Recommended,232430,20757376,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,pinemartin,Spooky
,Recommended,232430,20795022,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,NoX,"Gone Home is one of the greatest games I've ever played, a beautiful adventure game with over the top storytelling, great music and awesome atmosphere. A MUST play!"
,Recommended,232430,20814545,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,CrescentMoon14,"So, I have finished playing Gone Home. It’s not exactly what I expected, but I liked it a lot. The game is basically like interactive story. I’m going to summarize it without spoiling anything. You start out by listening to your character leaving a message to her mom saying she’s coming home from her trip. The thing is, when you arrive it’s around 12AM. Nobody is home, so you have to find out what happened by finding clues and journals that your sister Sam leaves for you. As you go along is like you’re unraveling a story about your sister Sam and what has been going on in the family while you were gone.The thing is that the game has a very creepy atmosphere so you expect something to jump out at you at any second, but it doesn’t. The setting really adds to the mystery of the whole thing. I personally love games that has an interesting story to it. If you are the type of person that loves action games and is looking for a good scare this game is not for you. If you’re a person looking for a game that has a sentimental story and with a bit of mystery than here’s your game. So if I were to Rate this game based on 1 being the lowest rating and 5 being the highest I rate this game a 3 ½ stars. My reason for the rating is that I believe it was too quick to beat and it really had potential for more. So if you have a free day and would like to play a story game then I suggest adding this game to your library.Have any more game suggestions? Know about a game that is so great that you have to yell it to world? Hit me up and I’ll play it."
,Recommended,232430,20780862,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Cervantes,i liked this game a lot. i highly recommend it to people interested in the intersection of Art and Gaming
76561198186126239,Recommended,232430,17245579,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,wildcatpride14,"Wow this game was really enjoyable! Quick (3 hours to beat) but an amazing story and innovative gameplay. This game also meant a lot to me on a personal level. I completely related to Sam's confusion and story of realization. It was done tastefully and beautifully. I can't wait for Tacoma, the next game from this talented group."
76561198026988769,Recommended,232430,17231982,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,BMunchausen,"This was not what I expected at all, though that's not necessarily a bad thing. What's disappointing is the way it sets up a ton of suspense and then never delivers. I suppose that's on purpose, but I have to admit I was let down by the many red herrings built into the story and by the end.Why I would recommend it in spite of this, is that it tells the kind of story you never hear in games. I think it serves as sort of an experiment in storytelling, rather than something fully realized."
,Recommended,232430,17237454,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Vixen,"Not a game for its gameplay, but its story is amazing. Not actually a horror game like I thought, since I've seen a lot of people asking if it was. Again, this is something to hear a story if you don't want to go through hard puzzles or combat to hear a good story.SPOILERS----------Don't play if homophobic. Seriously, you'll probably hate this game."
76561197973726135,Recommended,232430,17254117,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,KimDrummel,"I really liked this game. Incredible atmosphere and a story that makes you wanna play until the end.The only thing i disliked was that it was very short, though it felt a lot longer and i felt content when it ended and i could watch the credits with a smile on my face. 7/10. Buy it!"
76561198050688360,Recommended,232430,17242029,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Nilena,"Gone Home is an exploration of family, love, discontent, life's disappointments and life's joys.  It is, ultimately, a video game for people who enjoy the art of well-told stories.  Enhanced by the creators' choices in music and art style, each character is delicately drawn, using only the detritus of their lives (and deaths?).  Playing through the game, I could have wept that, finally, finally, a story that reflects me (in some small measure) was both central and yet, not fetishised, not a punch-line, not an inevitable tragedy. The beginning passage of the game definitely evokes unease and the penultimate part real fear, for those attrached to the game for its creepy aesthetics. Ultimately, this is more than a game, more than ineractive fiction with added graphics - it transcends genre. I hope as many people as possible get to experience it."
76561198168181093,Recommended,232430,17345009,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,jisaboke,a fun look back at 1995 super casual game play but a heart wrenching story
,Recommended,232430,29812262,Posted: 9 February,all,MsCookiecola,"Gone Home...where do I start? I'll start with why I bought this game.Despite already knowing the story of the game from watching YouTubers play it, I got it for one reason: to pick up and throw objects around in a fictional house for fun.No seriously, that's why I got it. I don't regret getting it either. But word of advice: Get the game during the weekend sales, the Winter Holiday sales, or any type of sale that gets it down to maybe $5. I don't remember how much I got this for, but it was definitely a gift card one. Oh, and try using a Steam gift card while you're trying to find ways to lower the price. It'll make it less of a waste of money if you buy it for less than $20.00 if you don't end up liking the story, but even better if you just want the experience of tossing plates, food boxes, apples, books, papers, pencils, pens, highlighters, pillows, forks, knives, spoons, cups, lids of boxes, or anything else. There have been people who have played the game over hours just trying to pick up and put every pickupable (not a word, but it works) item in the first room. Don't believe me? Check the most popular screenshots of this game in the community. I tried, but there is an ANNOYING GLITCH that happens if you throw items in a specific spot on the floor in many areas of the house: you throw the item and it falls through the floor, never to return again unless you start a new game. It's not with every floor, but it happens on some parts in the greenhouse and on the stairs in the basement. Don't know if they'll fix it, but hopefully they will. Be careful where you throw the items.TL;DR: Do I like Gone Home? Well, yes and no.I say ""yes"" because I like throwing the items around and picking them up and rotating them...I like the INTERACTIVITY of the house. I also like making a mess in a house that's in a video game because I can't do it in real life.I say ""no"" because while the main story is a bit interesting, there are other minor stories that aren't told by a narrator around the house that you have to decipher for yourself.Also, look up in every room. Especially the garage. You wll need to use a ""recyclable"" item to get an easter egg item. I'm sure you'll figure it out."
,Recommended,232430,31820486,Posted: 18 May,all,Alan Parsons,"A nice short story. If you're a fan of Firewatch, Dear Esther, etc, it should hit the right spots."
,Recommended,232430,35029890,Posted: 17 September,all,Einhander,This game makes me sad.
,Recommended,232430,34984696,Posted: 15 September,all,Giu,"Just like this game I will keep this short and sweet. The environment and effort put to this game is phenomenal and I enjoyed every bit of it. I actually enjoyed the story and found it cute. It was simple yes but I think most of the people giving negative feedback on it seem to miss the importance in tone and time period which makes the story wonderful. Little items around the house, pictures, dates, they all work together to give this story much more strength if you care to look. I found myself smiling and giggling. Yes it's cheesy but sometimes you really have to put yourself into the world these characters are living in. That's how you may best enjoy the story."
,Recommended,232430,7799452,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Straight Dave,"Gone Home really drags you in the moment you set foot on the porch of this family's home. The environment is extremely realistic and the surrounding mood makes everything feel real believable. Gone Home doesn't give you any immediate direction as to where to go or what to do. This is what makes the game incredibly personal because you do what you want and explore freely. As you continue to explore the house more and more, you start to draw your own conclusions based on what you have unconvered. I found myself at times examining every object I could even if the object didn't seem to be relevant to advancing the story. The creators do a good job of including items and pop culture that are true to the time period (Such as the Nintendo/Super Nintendo references). All of the small details make the exploration that much more enjoyable.The only true gripe I have with the game was how short it was for the suggested price. The game only took me under 2 hours to complete (though I enjoyed every minute of it). For the asking price of $19.99 the game might seem too steep for some who enjoy getting multiple hours out of their purchase. Luckily, for myself, I got this game during the Autumn Sale for only $4.99 and with that price the game was well worth it.Overall it is a great game and I recommend this game to anybody who likes to play very story-driven titles and somebody who loves to use their imagination and explore.9/10 - Merely for the length of the game."
,Recommended,232430,23870918,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Majin Gumbuu,"Gone Home very expressively tells a beautiful love story. There is little real game play, just exploration, prompting some to call it a walking simulator. Despite the lack of gameplay, it's the atmosphere and the fantastic story and voice acting that drew me in. If you are somebody who hates for there to be a lack of gameplay in a traditional sense, this game isn't for you. On the other hand, if you want a fantastic story told to you through an interactive medium, Gone Home is a fantastic way to go."
,Recommended,232430,23874833,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Pint Sized Nerd,"I bought this game based on the combinaton of the desciption and reviews both on Steam and elsewhere on the internet.This game is great in that it gives you that creep-factor of being home alone and not knowing what lurks around every corner. For those hesitant gamers (like myself), who are worried about jump-scares or other scary things, there are none. The game is creepy enough with the thunder storm, being home alone in a large, dark house without the need for jump-scares.The story itself is excellent and the '90s rock music -- yeah. I encourage you to look through every room, nook, and cranny to get the full effect of this spectacular game."
,Recommended,232430,23879045,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Duck Overlord,It's not overated trash.
,Recommended,232430,23881053,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,archlinuxrussian,"Twas a very good story! Short game, and had to tweak one small thing to work on Linux, but quite worth it! Great atmosphere, drew me in and got me attached to the characters."
76561198275939432,Recommended,232430,23879574,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Succmaster,"I found this game while looking through my queue. It semmed good from the screenshots and videos and let me tell you, this was an absolutely amazing game. The story was absolutely fantastic, and it got quite said which honestly made me cry at one point. The look of the game was really nice too. Some of the items around the were pretty fun as well, including the good o'l christmas duck. Overall i would definitely give it a 10/10."
76561197986902042,Recommended,232430,7502713,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Stormo,"This game is absolutely beautiful. Like Conor said, go into this game blind. Don't look up stuff or read reviews, just play it. It really is a wonderful experience. Mind though, I loved everything about this game except the price - it's not very long and the current price is just too expensive, regardless of the stellar quality. Certainly buy and play it, but wait until it comes on sale."
,Recommended,232430,8319580,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Sisko,This was a great story.
,Recommended,232430,8990083,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Hot Laps,it was short
,Recommended,232430,8341850,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,johngannon,"Gone Home is an amazing experience, something unlike any other game I've played before it.  This game is all downtime, exploring an environment and deducing what has happened to the family that is missing in your house.  The house itself is dark and foreboding, something has happened here and the house beckons you to look further into the mystery.  What follows is a two hour master course in story telling through an interactive medium, it's games like this that make me excited for the future of gaming as a whole.  Keep in mind this is not for everyone, if you blow through exploration sequences in games like Bioshock Infinite and Metro Last Light then you probably won't get much from this.  Well worth the price for something that no other game offers."
,Recommended,232430,7523700,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Eminenssi,"Atmospheric and emotional, Gone Home is an unconventional adventure game that walks you through memories in a dimly lit house.If you need a MP5 or a rocket launcher to have good time in a game, this is likely bit of unfamiliar territory, but if you've point & clicked yourself through dozens of item combinations and dialogue choices and had good time, this is likely to appeal.For all the praise it's received, I feel most professional game reviewers who've given it any, have done so for with which style the game manages to pluck the heartstrings. There ain't gonna be epic battles and savings or world, but rather a very intimate story, with exploration focused gameplay being the instrument to its unraveling.The game makers have managed to create, to which my personal commendation goes to, very believable home of mid-nineties. The world to explore is not huge, but is built with care, with details such as appropriately fully recorded(and labelled) VHS's of X-Files seasons, gaudy use of bright pastels in product packaging and not using handwriting fonts to emulate handwriting, but actual real thing.So, if you were born in eighties to maybe early nineties, or don't mind picking something romantic off the Netflix now and then, give it a spin."
,Recommended,232430,7744785,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,cunningmunki,"Regardless of what others may say, Gone Home IS a game, and a beautiful one at that. Similar criticism was leveled at Dear Esther regarding its definition as a 'game', where it was certainly more applicable, but if you define a game as having to perform some kind of skilled actions to gain rewards, then Gone Home is certainly a game.You use your skills to find the clues around the house and piece together the events leading up to your arrival, and the reward is a skillfully told story that will either bounce right off you, or break your heart, depending on who you are. You can be any age or gender to enjoy the story, but if you only play games for action or excitement, then this game is not for you.It beggars belief that there are people who bought this game without doing at least a little bit of research first. Do people really just buy games without reading their description? Baffling.Is it worth £14.99? Will I ever play it again? I'm not sure I can answer either of those questions, but I certainly didn't feel short changed, and it was an experience I'll always treasure (besides, I bought in it the Steam sale!).Developers who harp on about how important stories are in games should play Gone Home to experience how good stories can be told and that they don't required feature film levels of action, special effects and dialogue to achieve it. You just need talent, and that's what the Fulbright team have in spades."
,Recommended,232430,8154376,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Daedalos,"Unexpectedly enjoyable game. And very different from anything else. However, not sure it is worth the full price for two reasons: It took about 2 hours to finish it and I don't see replayability."
,Recommended,232430,28193677,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Kasraz,"Feels like watching a great indie move. Hreat story telling and pace, with some basic gameplay to tie it all together."
,Recommended,232430,28242098,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Alexei,Highly recommended.
76561198042768651,Recommended,232430,28250176,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,DJKEN,"Absolutely wonderful game. The storytelling and voice acting are fantastic. The exploration plus the supplemented suspence and mystery drew me in and I didn't want to leave. The experience reminds me of a good suspensful book; it kept me guessing and constantly drew me in. Graphics are decent, but the physics, attention to detail, and lighting create a truly immersive experience. I have nothing negative to say about it. Highly recommend."
76561198072594231,Recommended,232430,28211152,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,BunGeeJuMPinG,If you like to read and investigate than this game is for you.
,Recommended,232430,23665378,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Jade give two rides,think its a game imo
,Recommended,232430,21723284,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Cactuarrior,A sweet short story.  Open drawers!  Thow a banana!  Play a mixtape!  And more!
,Recommended,232430,21725344,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,CancerCase,Best way to explore a story.Amazing job.
76561198006849221,Recommended,232430,21800149,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,rjazz2,"I'm a 90's kid. So, yeah I get this. HARD. Play it if you lived through the Grunge era."
76561198118883631,Recommended,232430,28209963,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,skyeofskynet,"Huh? That was... surprisingly short. I mean I wasn't expecting to finish it under three hours. Which is kinda disappointing. It's clearly not worth the full price, so I am glad I bought it on sale and I recommend to do so.But the story itself was pretty emotional and it touched me deeply. These few hours made me care for both, Katie and Sam. I am so sorry, Sam. I wish you all the best. I don't want to spoiler anything, but yeah, Sam matters. Matters a lot."
,Not Recommended,232430,33372776,Posted: 8 July,all,Steeps,"Basically an interactive story that can be completed in just over an hour.  It was atmospheric for the first 5-10 mins but then became super generic, as all you do is walk around, open drawers & doors, and watch a super generic, uninspired SJW-esque story unfold.Waste of time."
76561198074094787,Recommended,232430,22653761,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,fjodor_,great game!
,Recommended,232430,7905847,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Alexander,"As someone who grew up in the 90's, this is like stepping back in time, and it's of even greater significant because now I'm old enough to actually reflect on how life was different back then.And for one other particular reason, this title strikes at the heart of my personal identity. I can't go into why without spoiling part of the story, but its really something amazing what they did with this game.I'm not really yet convinced if I am a fan of art games or not, but this one was enjoyable. Its short, but I think if your an 80's-90's kid, you'll really enjoy the experience. But even if your not an 80's-90's kid, play it, you'll learn something."
,Recommended,232430,7801080,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Stern Disgust,Play it.
76561197995190007,Recommended,232430,8390096,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,"This game is wonderful! I went in knowing nothing about this game. Never watched a trailer or anything. I assumed it was going to be an amesia type horror game or something. BUT I WAS SO WRONG!!! It's not really game, it's a story. And it's an absolutly brilliant story.It's so immersive. They made this house feel so real, and I just found it was very easy to get immersed into the game. To me that's the best thing Gone Home has to offer. If you are going to get this you gotta make a commitement right now to care about every single detail of this family's life, or otherwise this game's magic wont hit you.Buy this, turn off all lights, and play it alone when you have some free time and wont be interuppted by anything. It's fantastic! Highly reccomend, but not for the price they ask. It's wonderful, but short. And I feel it's so short that it's default price is too high. DEFINITLY ONLY buy this game on sale. But if it IS ever on sale GET THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥IMMEDIATLY!!Also after reading what other people had to say about the game there's a lot of debate about this game is and how well it was done and if it was generic and crap like that. I just wanted to say that regardless of how you examine the game itself aftwards, my experience with the game was phenominal."
,Not Recommended,232430,2866895,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,-L-,"Oh my God -- what a waste of time!  By far the worst game I've played since Dear Esther.  I've played better 2D hidden object games... The only reason this got good reviews was the extremely boring romantic lesbian plot.  The game is less than 3 hours long.   Not even worth $1, IMO."
76561197971120955,Not Recommended,232430,8284125,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ephin,If you like walking through a book then this is just for you. There is no game to be played.
,Not Recommended,232430,8314771,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Maver1ckHunterX,"Just finished the game in under an hour. I won't spoil it, but it's probably not what you're expecting, and I mean that in the worst way possible."
76561198042212353,Not Recommended,232430,8317356,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,NippoliWinters,Quite possibly the most over-rated tripe ever.
,Not Recommended,232430,8317697,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Shotgun.ca,"I think the hype and strong critic reviews ruined this for me. I was expecting more, and was disappointed, especially when it went on sale even further one day after I bought it! Not worth the $10 unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,232430,8319909,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Smorcus,"Read the other reviews.  This game was a huge disappointment for me.  Normally I'm not a big fan of the genre, but the story seemed compelling, and the atmosphere phenomenal.  I will give them that, the atmosphere for this game is pretty awesome... the only problem is that it's never validated.  This game is the opposite of satisfaction, though it is very very pretty and does a great job of building up unecessary suspense.You will absolutely find this game compelling and satisfying if you were a teenager, found out you were a lesbian in the mid 90s, and grew up in the suburbs.  Outside of that very specific demographic, I can't imagine it holding you for very long.Check the Metacritic USER review scores."
76561197993218067,Not Recommended,232430,8320201,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,pryat ☺,"I can see how the story might be interesting to some, but I wasn't overly impressed. I should have read the user reviews instead of just basing it on press reviews. Although I do wonder about the legitimacy of the press reviews since we live in a culture of political correctness (minor spoiler) and people getting easily offended.I assumed there would be more puzzles, but its not really the case. The game has some slight horror elements, but this isn't really used at all either. Theres quite a bit of attention put into the props in game and their placement. For some odd reason I was expecting more while having no idea what to expect. There just seems to be so much unused story telling potential.Its more of a guided tour of a mansion with a bunch of short anecdotal stories - kind of ironic since theres a letter in game lambasting just that sort of behavior.Now is it all worth it? I only played just over an hour and at just under $7, it works out to $7/hr. Kind of steep, but its an indie dev and they're trying something new so -eh-.I'd say if you're feeling bored, pick it up on sale. Its not worth the full $20 they're asking for."
76561198027173695,Not Recommended,232430,8321429,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Ignis The Dragon,"If you like a ""rainy night in an old house"" simulator with a bunch of physic objects, sure have fun.  If you like a fight person adventure game with a page turner storyline, no.  I was enjoying the story till a point.  For the sake of spoilers I will not say the point.  The side story and the father was far more interesting then the main story trhough.  I REALLY wish it had focused more on that.  There are other elements in the game that are never brought up.  I will never know how this game got awards.  Well I do.  But I won't say why."
,Not Recommended,232430,8322695,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,FlsPrpht,Meh
76561197988976954,Not Recommended,232430,8325241,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Phil Riker,"Horrible ""game"". More like interactive fps story with no gameplay and no inventory. Basically you wander around a house for 2 hrs picking up notes and reading notes! Its the worst game ever! Id rather read a book!"
76561197971431122,Not Recommended,232430,8326144,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,zjra15,"The game is an ""ok"" experience.  It isn't very long, but even at it's length I found myself more interested in how large the house was than the actual story line.  The developers successed in making it feel like the old house that it should have been.  If they put that much effort into the story I would have recommended this game to others.  Where it stands you would be better off watching some random Lifetime movie because that is how the story line felt."
,Not Recommended,232430,8332190,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Ayy Dabbaju Pepe,"Basically a 40 minute long ""interactive movie"" where you walk around in a huge house filled with items that you ""interact"" with. 99% of the items in the game are just decorative and serve no purpose, you just pick them up, spin them around and once every now and then you might chuckle over something triggering your nostalgia. In my case, I was born in 96 and therefore have very little knowledge or connection with the references in the ""game"".The game has a creepy feeling all the way through, but NOTHING SCARY HAPPENS. Let that be crystal clear.If you could be able to run or walk faster than a ♥♥♥♥ing Galapagos turtle in this game, then it might have been only 20 minutes long, but then people would get even angrier, so why not drag out the playing time by walking really slowly.This game has no replay-ability whatsoever, if you go through it once, you have discovered basically every narrative line and everything there is to say.The only ""entertaining"" moments I had with this game were when I found one of the five or so music cassettes in the game and proceeded to play them, while moving my mouse up and down as if my character was headbanging. Other than that, the game is filled with a whole bunch of athmosphere and nothingness. That, and possibly also the moments when I was god damn sure I had finally come to the scary part of the game and a screamer would appear. But yet again, nothing.The description of the game says something about ""finding out where everybody went"".**SPOILER**Your lesbian little sister ran off with her punk-rock girlfriend.Your parents are on their anniversary trip.That's it. Do not recommend. Don't buy it. Don't even buy it on Steam sale, as I did. Don't even watch a play through. Don't even think about it. Just go watch an action movie from the 90's or something."
,Not Recommended,232430,8337457,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Freth,"Gone Home seems like a propaganda piece for LGBT.  It's a cleverly wrapped package, complete with a compelling mystery and a highly interactive world.  A lot of attention to detail went into this, but I can't get past the message, which is to make a seemingly innocent ""love"" story into something natural and normal, when it's not.  It's a shame that the game only has one recurring theme.  The game world had potential for so much more... and without the unnecessary LGBT message.  The game can be completed in an hour or so, if you take your time and check out everything in every room.  Really, it's not a game, but an interactive story telling.  Even though the interface and design is perfect, as is the execution, I can't recommend this to anyone because it goes against my moral convictions and what I believe to be the natural order of things."
,Not Recommended,232430,8340771,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,cliff_hunter,"An overrated, boring social agenda.  I think I'm about halfway through.  Was very excited to see what all the todo is about.  Very disappointing.  Maybe the best is yet to come, but regardless, I will never recommend this to anyone.  I think it's mainly popular for its ""progressive"" subject matter and pathetic play on my generation's nostalgia.I LOVED Dear Esther, so I'm cool with the non-traditional/non-game style of game.  But this is just about as unimpressive as it gets.  Atmosphere here consists of a quiet thunderstorm outside and some low res cassette tapes, VHS, and a few Super Nintendo cartridges from the 90's.  You also find your dad's porn magazine stash and a condom in your parents dresser, that sort of thing.I'm not through with the game, so maybe this is premature.  It's gonna have to do something crazy to win me over though, and I expect it won't.Also, I don't care much about graphics if I can at least get good gameplay and story, but my computer is struggling to render this basic, low res game.  I run Skyrim at pretty high settings and max out Portal 2 with no problems, but my framerate drops disgustingly every time I turn on a water faucet in this game even though the water looks worse than it ever did on the Nintendo 64.  That's just poor design.*SPOILER ALERT* This game is pretty much about a girl's lesbian sister coming out... at least it is an hour and a half in to it.  It's a game focused on a social statement rather than an experience.  Read a pamphlet (or better yet, don't) and don't waste your time or money.  Not worth the $5 I spent.  So far not worth my time even if it were free.  I'm just glad I didn't pay full price."
76561197990337347,Not Recommended,232430,8341572,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,cabbpq,"This is a short game and if you end up not liking the simplistic story that you can pretty much figure out early in the game you will be disappointed.  When you figure out the story you might expect there to be a twist or something deeper going but there is nothing, unless i missed something huge.  Don't buy this unless it's on sale for like $2."
76561197999611158,Not Recommended,232430,8346056,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Turk,"It is a fun game that is a refreshing change of pace. It is not, however, worth $20 as it only lasts roughly 2-3 hours. Great story, decent graphics, awesome concept, just too short to justify the price. Glad I got it on sale!"
,Not Recommended,232430,8353379,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Get Rekt,This game sucks and is beatable in 2 minutes if you accidently discover the secert passage. Story is not orginal at all.
,Not Recommended,232430,8355201,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,roboandy,"Gone Home - or as I like to call it ""Spook Scary Drawer Simulator 2013"" - is a game about picking things up and then throwing them on the ground. You spend two hours listening to garage band rock and clicking on 90's-a ss looking lamps. Don't buy this game if you're not REALLY in to disappointment. Seriously, it's two hours long."
76561198067272393,Not Recommended,232430,8356035,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,CiNEMALi_92,"A let down. Predictable story, scary-tricks gimmicks not related to main plot. Just for the gimmick of ""here's a Dear Esther-esque game mixed with Amnesia"" to attract a larger audience. But those feels (nostalgia)! Anyway, boring story, predictable and really, a lightning storm and ghost story.. parents aren't there. Try to guess the cheapiest reason for the parents for being absent and write it down. That'll do it! That's it. Amazing mystery unveiled..."
76561198001550968,Not Recommended,232430,8356951,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Drayron,... just dont.
,Not Recommended,232430,8359109,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,[=NM=] Jutral,Highly overrated. Only 90 minutes of gameplay. There's a certain artistic quality to it; but that's it. Only buy it if the price is right for 90 minutes of mild intrigue.
76561198095979204,Not Recommended,232430,8384604,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ginganinja,"Horrible. Everything is interactive but nothing is useful. Just a story about a lesbian finding herself. Should not be qualified as a ""game"" but a interactive book."
,Not Recommended,232430,8385274,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ReleaseTheKraken.exe,"Here's the thing, when I first watched a friend of mine play through Gone Home from start to finish, it hit me it a very tender spot. I adored it. I cried. But after purchasing it myself and playing through it again, I realized how shallow it is.While it is debatable whether Gone Home is truly a ""game"", it is well know it is fully story based. I enjoy story games. I love more ""artsy"" games. However, I feel this one just is not as good as most make it out to be. Yes, it is very good with hitting one with nostalgia. Yes, it good with hitting you in the feels. Honestly though, that's it. And after the second time though it, I just couldn't connect as easily as I could before. I knew the entire story, I knew how it was executed, so there wasn't much left for me to do. There is little to no replay value. And for $20 as an original asking price for a 2 hour experience, it just truly isn't that worth it. I waited until it was on sale which I am greatful for.Don't get me wrong. The story is really good for it only being told through notes and journal's left for you to find, but I just wish there was more to justify it.I'm in a love/hate relationship with Gone Home. But in the end I just can't recommend it."
76561198007037052,Not Recommended,232430,8388272,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,DaveM,I had read over and over the hype recieved on gamespot for Gone Home and thought i'd give it a go.   The entire idea is not knowing what is happening in this game and learning going through the house.  It is interesting but lead me to bitter disappointment.  6.5/10  If this game goes on sale for a couple dollars then it's worth it but in no way is it worth full price in my mind.SPOILER - Makes perfect sense Carolyn Petit loved the game so much...
76561197966365173,Not Recommended,232430,8389553,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Minotaur,"First, know that this is not a game, but an interactive storytelling... And a surprizingly short and linear one...The house is graphically acceptable. The quality put in all little details like postcards, letters you read, etc... is worthy of much praise...Now, the hard part for me is telling you how dissapointing the story itself is without spoiling it in the process...Suffice it to say that I had no feeling of suspense, or expectation, nothing, during the whole experience... Only the fleeting excitement of discovering a new part of the house, only to return to the emotionless exploration of said room...And the story seems to goes in different directions, depending on where you are in the house... I'll leave it at that, for fear of spoilers...When the story ended, I couldn't help but feel disappointed about the experience. And I couldn't shake the feeling that I just witnessed a very forgettable story...I agree that this genre could be worthy and should evolve and expand, but please make it an emotional experience, especially since the gaming part is removed. Only the storytelling by exploration is left, so it better be memorable...I still scratch my head trying to find out why this 'game' received so much praises from the 'professionals' reviewers..."
,Not Recommended,232430,8390457,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Garbear,"Bought this game after seeing a it on a bunch of GotY lists, went in with no knowledge of it other than that it would be a good game. Story was unoriginal and bland, and took me less than an hour. May have moderate nostalgia value if you were a teenager in the 90s. I've come to the conclusion that the only reason this game is getting such high praise is that the protagonist is a lesbian. omg so progressive wow. There's $6 and an hour of my life I'll never get back, ♥♥♥♥ this game and ♥♥♥♥ everyone who's putting it on their best of 2013 lists. Total garbage."
76561198080585416,Not Recommended,232430,8392044,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Noname,"Disappointing. The tension just builds and builds and builds and at the end you come up empty handed. It's like they had so many awesome plots to choose from and they got lost and didn't pick any. Nothing!!!! I mean seriously it's like they got bored at the ending : ""F**k that!! We don't have any ideas!!"" But the worst part is they had plenty of ideas they just didn't go with any of them.On the bright side the story is nice 'till the ending ,the characters are decent ,the exploration is awesome and so is the house. But I wouldn't buy it,definetly not!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,232430,8400850,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Girafro,"I cleared this game in an hour and twenty minutes and that includes the time I spent just throwing objects around out of boredom. That’s about 15 dollars an hour that I paid and I would expect more for my money. I would say that if you really want to experience the story then give it a shot but wait for a Steam sale, there is no way to justify a full-price purchase."
,Not Recommended,232430,8415634,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,frostbjorn,"While decent to play through once, it had no replay value and is even boring at times. That being said, it was a very enjoyable hour spent going along with the story of Sam and Lonnie."
,Not Recommended,232430,8431826,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Trillian,Not worth the price. even 50% off is still too much for this very short story game. It is a bit creepy but nothing happens. Seriously NOTHING happens in this game. The story is cute but not very deep or new. Overall I regret having bought this game and would not recommend it at all.
76561198022103698,Not Recommended,232430,8955489,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Celan,"As a fan of experimental story-based games, I wanted to like it, but it did absolutely nothing for me. The whole premise of raising narrative speculations only to have the big reveal be the most mundane, syrupy outcome possible- in all cases but the father's background- is a storytelling risk that did not pay off for me. I haven't felt this cheated by a game since Dragon Age 2. For fans of 90s grunge culture, you might at least enjoy the atmosphere."
,Not Recommended,232430,9013604,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,squashed,"For a game that offers so little, it might be worth 5 dollars, not the 20 dollars asking price. The story was well told, though nothing special and the game itself is essentially a walk-around-point-and-click.The game can be completed in an hour or so (I paused the game because I got bored halfway through which accounts for my play time).The biggest issue I have with this game is that there is no lasting effect at the completion - it just ends. You aren't really left wondering or thinking about it. Definitely not worth $20."
76561198034077717,Not Recommended,232430,10593127,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,PiesAreSquared,"Great concept.  Looking for clues in an empty house.  Too many bugs and the explanation a behind the clues you get are anti climactic.   There's a bug in the game where you can beat it in 2 minutes.  I lasted about a half hour until I accidentally passed the game,  but once I saw the end.  The mysteries had no meaning so it has no replay value and the solved mysteries were disappointing when they were solved.I would not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,232430,10593705,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,katsumeragi,You know what? Representationfor LGBT individuals and women is great. It's really really important.Despite that this game f***ing blows.
76561198072428343,Not Recommended,232430,10695452,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,m7md_aldh,very disappointing ... the atmosphere has lots of capabilities but doesnt put them to good use
76561198020390266,Not Recommended,232430,10739552,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,kytyn,"Can't play - get way too nauseous with the movement. Bummer, really wanted to play it."
76561198036908752,Not Recommended,232430,10742796,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,cpennylane,"Two hours of game play.  NO actual puzzles or real play.  The storyline was predictable and while entertaining, it was not worth the $5.  I can't imagine how people who paid full price felt after this let down of a ""game."""
76561197963882586,Not Recommended,232430,10751008,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Spyder,"The problem with this game is that the story it tries to tell is actually generic outside of videogames and is only slightly better than a television show's ""special episode"" because of an interactive element conventional media does not have. Because it's about a character's homosexuality, and for some reason, it has to go back to the past so it could also talk about trendy topics like Dont Ask Dont Tell, reviewers could not judge this game without being social justice crusaders."
76561197971543370,Not Recommended,232430,10904319,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,.:Ironfist:.,"The only way I recommend to try this game is with a 90% discount, and even then you´ll feel disappointed."
76561197969399713,Not Recommended,232430,10911309,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MyGunShootsKisses,"I enjoy a good story, but there's nothing to this game. You simply walk around a house, reveal some clues and then before you know it, its over. This is MYST on Barbiturates or simply House Walkthrough Simulator 2013."
76561197994567301,Not Recommended,232430,11420813,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,tayhuck,Disappointing.  Creepy atmosphere consistently leading you towards a powerful punch that never arrives.
,Not Recommended,232430,12957223,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,CodeClassified,"I think the best word I can use to sum up my experience with Gone Home is ""disappointing"". I had run into the flurry of high praise for the ""game"", so when I saw it as part of a humble bundle, I quickly bought in.  Now that I've played through (wandered through?) Gone Home, I'm really glad I got other games for my money.**There are probably spoilers in this paragraph**The scenery is great and the graphics are smooth.  The sounds, while they help immerse you in the environment, kept me thinking I wasn't alone (you are though, you are completely alone).  I'm not even sure if I can consider Gone Home as having a story.  There's so little resolution, but there were so many directions it could have gone in and that's why it was so disappointing.**End possible spoilers**I ended the game wondering if that was it and not in a ""wanting more"" way either.  I made sure to be absolutely thorough with the game and there was no reward. nothing that made all my nitpicking efforts worth my while.I would've been furious had I spent the list price of $20.  Hell, I may even be a bit miffed if I bought it at the sale price of $5.  I hate to leave such a poor review, but there are far better environment exploration games on which to spend your money."
,Not Recommended,232430,12970037,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,GrimLok,"The game a is neat concept, but falls short, I was hoping for a different outcome I think."
,Not Recommended,232430,13021561,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,t.tv/kaelera,Most disappointing story I've ever encountered. Very glad I got this on sale.
,Not Recommended,232430,13022277,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,DejaFoo,"Absurdly short and easy with a predictable story where you can see the ending coming a mile away. It is, however, quite polished for what it is. Would have gotten a positive review had it been just a bit longer or just a bit more interesting in the story department."
,Not Recommended,232430,13062758,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Chekov,"At the end of the day, if you want to play an experiment in what some people have been referring to as environmental storytelling, this is the game for you. It's an interesting take on the first person point-and-click adventure, and I don't think it has a proper analogue.However, at the €20 price point, this is possibly the worst value-per-euro game on steam in terms of hours of gameplay, and the story is cheesy at best, and never yields the twist that it keeps hinting at. That's not to say the ending isn't satisfying, but it does leave a lingering aftertaste, of sorts, of ""oh, is that it?""Wait until a bundle or a sale if you absolutely want this game. Otherwise, skip and get yourself something like To The Moon."
76561197991666456,Not Recommended,232430,13069156,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,GD,"I expected much and was sorely disappointed. Very boring game. The story is very mediocre and cliché, and you don't get to influence it. There are no decisions to be made. You are just walking around in an empty house, reading loose parts of a story. That's it. Boring."
,Not Recommended,232430,13090054,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,skywalker6705,"Gone Home is a lot like some of the older adventure titles of many years past. However, in place of expansive and crazy settings and mysteries, the likes of which you saw in the Myst series, or other point and click puzzlers, we are presented with a very contained and compact story about a woman and her sister, and her sister's love story. There is no puzzle to be found here, but a digital connect-the-dots form of story telling.Simply put, if this story hooks you. really hooks you, then all the other flaws of the game can fade away into the background. If it does not, then the game has nothing else holding it together. It is derisively tagged ""walking simulator"" on Steam, and gameplay-wise, that is frankly about the extent of it. How this shakes up is frankly up to how forgiving you are.The core story of the game is a sad and sweet tale, but somewhat clumsily delivered. Calling it an attempt to ""tug the heartstrings"" is a bit too subtle. It's also quite difficult to feel the story is as grounded as they want, when some of the little set piece moments used to deliver it are so ridiculous. I am referring to a specific table later in the game. This is a sort of tonal whiplash of sorts for what they clearly intend to be a very serious piece. Player engagement and empathy is a tough sell in any title. Many games stick only to very well-worn themes such as romance, fear, etc, for this very reason. A few have ventured into the realm of parenting recently, which has generally well received. However, the love story, and the persectution here, are simply too on-the-nose in trying to force empathy. Perhaps if the game were longer, and provided more of a chance to internalize this.It suffers, of all things, from a show-don't-tell problem that occurs too often in film as well. It is difficult to invest when all you have is text, and is even worse in the gaming medium, where you cannot control the score and camera as entirely as one can in film. You need to convey these emotions through the work. I would point to the flash game dsy4ia as a great example of attempting to convey a concept this way. The best of the horror genre in games also excel at this.Mechanically, the game is fine. The environment is pretty well detailed, with plenty of nooks and crannies hiding a bunch of notes to collect and items to examine. Which is good as it is the primary game mechanic. The main character moves at a relatively glacial pace however, which while it serves the convention of making the player experience the narrative slowly, also feels artificially limiting as it does in any other title.Overall, Gone Home is a digital poem, or a parable, about a girl learning about her sister. As a game, it's as simple as they come. As a story, it has some heart. But this game had aspirations well above their skill to deliver unfortunately. Were it extended to a slightly more fleshed out title, it could have been something bigger. As it is, it will be memorable to some who can invest themselves, but a completely forgettable experience for others. Which I find unfortunate. I think this would have been a fantastic machinima, or animated short actually, given slightly more control of pacing, and ability to interleave the story more. But in form of a game, it just felt like walking slowly, and having a sad story preached to me. This is a fault more of the delivery than of the content, but I just wish this one had more play testing with people outside of the dev team."
,Not Recommended,232430,13090468,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Circlesea7,"As someone who plays a lot of RPG and is one of those guys who talks to EVERYONE in RPG's. I liked the narrative in this game because there is so much to examine. BTW it IS a game regardless of what people say. But as far as the term ""Game"" goes, It's more like an interactive storytelling peice. Kinda like those books you got when you were a kid that every now and then had a symbol that told you to press one of the buttons on the side that would play a sound effect. Kinda like that.anyways. I enjoyed the really nice character developement that was happening for a while. I was kind of disappointed that the main character was a silent one for the most part. I feel like they could have done something there.this review seems sorta positive, so why is it getting a thumbs down? Well that's because partway through the game it glitched and I was unable to move the player at all anymore. rendering what little of a game there actually was to literally unplayable. soooooo....yea. I just plain can't play it so I can't recommend it in good conscious."
76561197995211570,Not Recommended,232430,13100975,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,La Mer,"This is the most overrated game I have laid hand on. I even recall ""game of the year"" being thrown around with this one. After watching the trailer and hearing the rave reviews, I took a chance on it. It honestly bored me. I normally don't mind exploration clicking games...but this just didn't do it for me. I respect the emotional story telling aspect it was going for but  I feel like the target audience for something like this are hipster gaming gals...and that's fine. Just not for me. There's a lot of games in this particular genre that deserve at least a 10th of the credit this one recieved. If you want to see an excellent example of this, check out The Stanley Parable. It came out around the same time....and really pushed the boundaries of what these games can be.there's also one other thing that bothered me. Out of all the games I own(including Bioshock infinite, Portal 2, Dishonored), this runs far worse than any of those games. Bummer."
76561198041426008,Not Recommended,232430,13101952,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Volpi470,"Gone Home was a neutral title, Would have performed better as a telltale game, there was no anticipation, the tags on the game in my opinion are incorrect. The game was also rather boring, and found myself reading more than playing, there was talk of jump scares in the later stages of the game, but I completed the game in one morning before going to school, Time that I will not be getting back -_- .But if you like to talk about things like lesbian relationships, puberty and JFK, the you should get this game !Happy Rob gives this game 4 / 10"
,Not Recommended,232430,13107749,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Delsin Browe,"Let me start out by saying I'm the kind of guy who will search every corner of every room and read every note and letter. I love the stories in games and in this game, you really have to search for it.Now with that being said, the game took 3 hours to play and beat, because like I said, I'll search and read everything.My computer is not that great and I had to lower some settings to get a good FPS, but while i was on even medium the game still looked fantastic.Now, I feel like I got my money's worth. But here is the thing; I bought Gone Home when it was the Daily Deal for $5. The game is normally $20.Maybe if it was $10 I would recommend it. But as a $20 3 hour at most game, I can not recommend it unless it is on sale."
76561198124115536,Not Recommended,232430,13126579,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,leemakin5,complete crap. walk around and pick up and examine everything or lose what to do next. game for a 5 year old.
,Not Recommended,232430,13355593,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Madigon,"In plain words: this game was like the movies IFC would play in the middle of the day. Maybe there was a time and place where these emotions mattered, but the storytelling storytelling was ruined by being linear and predictable. The possible ghost angle was intriguing but the rest of the too-obviously lesbian tropes were unflattering and kitschy. But hey, maybe that was an edgy topic in '94.Ten years after the setting, this game (which didn't come out ten years ago) is a lot like those films on IFC: only for those that can't let go of their inner Cobain. For literally everyone else, this is a waste of time.Pass this faster than the great Joe Montana."
,Not Recommended,232430,7602387,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Sharivan,"Meh, not worth 20 bucks, game is too short and not impressive at all.If you happened to be an anti LGBT, just don't touch this game, I dare you."
76561198028032565,Not Recommended,232430,8266031,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Sleightblind,"Code-wise, it's poorly optimized, and the physics are poorly done. Not a game-breaker, nor is it unexpected, since it's an indie game. It's worth noting, though, that this is the only game, indie or otherwise, that has clashed with my antivirus software to the point where I have to edit the antivirus' features to get the game to run.Nostalgia-wise, it got some things wrong, like the model of the old SNES cartridges. Again, not a deal breaker, but notable, since a key to triggering nostalgia is getting the details right.The big disappointment is the poorly thought out storylines. There are three (excluding the player) family members, each seemingly with their own stories, but only one of the three stories is properly fleshed out, since it's the focus of the vast majority of the game. The other two are ambiguous at best, and since most of the clues deal exclusively with the largest of the three storylines, the other two seem neglected. Furthermore, the ""main"" story plays out like a Hallmark movie, or one of those ""very special episodes"" of the old 90's sitcoms. It may speak to some, but to others, it's a bland, over-taught moral lesson that doesn't provide the motivation necessary to keep listening, let alone finish a game."
76561198068091063,Not Recommended,232430,8311509,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,mflynn,"The official ratings got my hopes up for this game, I'm sorry to say that my hopes were disappointed, which is unfortunate because I like the direction that Gone Home is going in. As others have touched on there is 1 hour of gameplay, no multiplayer, but it is priced at $20. This would signal to me, as a player, that they have a lot of confidence that their story can carry the game's value. The problem is that it doesn't. The story is boring and cheap. The only remarkable peice of it is that it is a homosexual love story, but it feels like the authors used homosexuality as a plot device (to make the story ""better"") rather than using the plot to advance societies perception of homosexuality, and that bothers me. I say this because there is no witty dialogue, there is no indication that the partners have anything special except these soppy tales of donated punk CD's and talk of running away together. There is nothing about this partnership that is particularly ""likable"", the extent of my appreciation for them peaked at a ""Good for you"" midway through the story and ended at ""Please get this over with"". The way the characters act kind of makes sense if they are young and immature, which they are, but the story never has them grow, which makes it seem not very self aware. And now I'll say what a lot of other reviewers are probably saying: If the other partner was a male instead of female, this story would be extremely lame, on the same ""stupid soppy romance"" level of Twilight, without any expansion of the storyline or any real story at all. You could have all the same plot devices in a story of a straight relationship, but I feel like the story would lose it's sweetness and it's main ""plot twist"", which I is why I don't really like it. A story of a homosexual romance can be whatever it wants to be, it could potentially be great. This one chose to be awful."
76561197960833702,Not Recommended,232430,8317285,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,dana scully's pantsuits,"this is probably one of the biggest dissapointments i've ever been witness to. it's just a horrible game. i mean. yea. i don't want to spoil anything for people that might actually buy this (please don't) but it's just crap. not worth it. could have been so good and its just pointless. not sure why people think this is such a good game, maybe becaue it deals with a controversial issue? i don't know. goddam hipsters"
76561198000500840,Not Recommended,232430,8317627,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Captain Madrick,"Interesting story, but not worth the cost even on sale. Would only pay $5 for something like this. If you really care to experience it, watch a youtube walkthrough or something."
,Not Recommended,232430,8323688,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Itisntallbad,It never develops the characters enough to get any genuine attachment to them. I guess because of where we are in society many reviews revolve around that high emotional state.I bought this game on sale for $7 and it still was not worth it. Short and cliche.
,Not Recommended,232430,8325014,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,RevCo,"It was a story exploration, but NOT an adventure game. There were NO puzzles, or anything to work out. An illustrated story in the vein of ""Dear Esther"", but not as atmospheric. I kept waiting for something to happen. It didn't. There were about 6 tapes I found that could have been clues or useful for anything. Unfortunately they made me listen to loud and awful music. That was a real sore spot: the game was on rails and could have had one or two things to make it a little less ... thin. It was thin, and I was really disappointed.Not to spoiler it, but the first area where you need a serial number... you find the serial number. All spelled out and everything. This almost struck me as genius, if not for the entire game being like that. Red herrings aluding to a larger story, but no payoff. Hipsters may like the PBR references, the female empowerment angle, the anti-game game, the painfully predictable jazz playing when you turn on the record player.The big problem is that it could have been more: the pieces of an adventure were there, the locations, props, backstory; all that stuff. Seems kinda squandered. I hope they re-do this with any money they make and make it a real story. The designers should be forced to play 7th Guest as homework."
,Not Recommended,232430,8402211,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,HankAaron,2 spooky for me
,Not Recommended,232430,8574507,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Desmond Sparrs,"It sucks♥♥♥♥♥ If I wanna read a novel, Ill read a GOOD novel. BOO."
76561198117485389,Not Recommended,232430,10681892,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Lala,Short and uninteresting.
,Not Recommended,232430,10744360,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ZombieQueen86,"I’m all for first-person exploration games and this game did look nice. The graphics were desirable and I like the attention to detail on all the objects you could pick up but other than that, I felt this game was lacking. The storyline was meh and the setting kept building you up to thinking a ghost or something was going to pop out at you, but nothing ever happens (you just walk through a dark house during a storm looking for clues to what happened to your family). I just felt that this game could have been so much more than it was. I’m glad that I bought this on the Steam’s summer sale and not full price; otherwise I would be one very upset zombie  haha."
76561198071245253,Not Recommended,232430,10746899,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Purple Archon,"This is a terrible game. The story, if you can even call it that, is garbage, and it is a terrible bore even to unearth what there is. Don't waste your time and money."
,Not Recommended,232430,10929196,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TreeTops.exe,I thought the whole 'walking simulator' thing was a joke. Finished in 109 minutes while being thorough. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Price not justified.
76561197971487224,Not Recommended,232430,8978162,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Hobo Pants,Lame and cheesy
76561198078748702,Not Recommended,232430,9004838,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,ec.qwertyui,"Storytelling, painting, movies - all of those initially went through a formative period, where writers were simply coming to grips with what this particular storytelling tool allows to do. Tons of experiments, most of them to crappy / hilarious / weird results, until the proper usage of specific storytelling medium is finally nailed down.This game can be considered one of those ""formative period"" works for games.It is not a good game, and that's why i sincerely cannot recommend it. It is, however, a good experiment with telling a story through a game, and - in that capacity - anyone who takes games seriously should probably take a couple of hours off his/her life to suffer through Gone Home."
,Not Recommended,232430,11057777,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Goldblum,"Highly recommended if you like eh... Lifetime movies, the 90's and delving into, uh...eh... family members' private lives by reading their intimate and private notes that they haphazardly leave... out in the open.Seriously an interesting experience, I uh, recommend for those who want a nice change of pace."
76561198053297212,Not Recommended,232430,11452756,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Chunkeypez,The most boring game in existence. A waste of time and money. The cover art was decieving.  More of political statement than anything.
,Not Recommended,232430,11975648,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,lucid,"I get the depressive/angsty atmosphere and all, but this game really is not worth your time and money."
,Not Recommended,232430,12297994,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,pooor.yorick,"The game is quite decent if you look at it from a ""proof of concept"" kind of standpoint. It shows you that games with a huge focus on story can be made and that they have potential. Is this game worth the money they are asking? Absolutely NOT.The two major problems, then, are the story and the ""gameplay"".I appreciate their effort to completely focus on the exploration and ditch enemies and puzzles altogether. It's just a shame that the exploration really isn't all that fun. You can walk around, pick up objects and examine them. That's it. Nothing more. A bit of variety would have really helped.  ANYTHING to break the monotony of slowly walking from room to room.Then we have the story. I have to admit it's well written and indeed somewhat interesting, but it's just out of place and not fitting.The fact that the ""big reveal"" is obvious 20 minutes into the game doesn't help, either."
,Not Recommended,232430,12970514,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,bobmartien .-,"First, I would like to say It's not a ""bad game"", but it's clearly not the game of the year.I think this game is overated and isn't worth his price 20€.It's clearly too much for a ""less then 2h"" games.So, you need to know there is no specific gameplay here.All you need to do is searching in the whole house what happened to your family.So, if there is no gameplay, the story must be awesome !And this is the main problem, there is no awesome plot twist or what ever.I don't want to sploit but in same time, there is nothing to spoil.The story is banal/common...Even if I don't really recommend this game, I want to give a really ""+"" to the Ambiance/Sounds/Immersion.Because this part is really well done."
76561197972453915,Not Recommended,232430,13058686,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,thebestideaever,"This game is not worth your time.  Gigantic plot holes exist.  For a game that is driven based on narrative, there is no explanation for why you as the protagonist are unaware of pivotal details of your own life.Do I have amnesia?  Am I someone else having an out-of-body experince?They could have addressed the obvious problems fairly easily with a preamble, but instead chose to rely on polarizing issues to carry a game that is lacking as a game."
76561197968521798,Not Recommended,232430,7807354,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,NovaStorm,"Critically acclaimed, however I objected to it on moral grounds.  Can't go into details without spoiling the very short storyline (only 3 hours or so) but I found it offensive since it doesn't tell you up front that it is bait and switch propaganda.  It can be immersive, but ultimately I can't abide its message.  Derisive of what I hold most dear.  Difficult to pin a number on since it could've been cool with a mitigated viewpoint.My score: 85/10% (conflicted)"
,Not Recommended,232430,8256286,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Paxseko,"I really didn't expect myself to not vote this up as I was playing it, because I really appreciated the experience. Without spoiling the story, I'll write a bit about the good things about this interactive narrative. First of all, the game is set in 1995, and does its best to capture what life was like then. I think many people love this interactive narrative simply because it is so very nostalgic. Second of all, the game engages heavily in horrour tropes that it ultimately deconstructs. Perhaps that's why I was so disappointed when I finally did figure out what was going on-- just as the story made me chuckle about my preconceptions, I was presented with a story that largely followed the preconcepted notions I had about the silliness of teenagers. The story was presented well, the voiceacting well done, and I loved the authentic feel of each artifact I examined.Now about the bad things: WHO ON EARTH WOULD PAY 20 DOLLARS FOR A SHORT STORY. I feel ripped off having bought it for 10 dollars. That's my main complaint: Gone Home is woth 5 dollars. About the same price as a budget film out of a bin. There simply isn't enough content here for more than that. The story is short, and while engaging, ends up being surprisingly shallow. I was also very frustrated by the lack of freedom I had in exploring the house. There were VERY few occasions where I could interact with my environment in more than a 'pick up and examine' way, and none of those actually changed the environment. I amused myself greatly in the kitchen, trying to pick up and fill a glass at the refrigerator, trying to microwave some vegatables-- and fail because those options are simply not there.  I truely did not feel at home in Gone Home, which is a bit troublesome.If the game is on a steep sale, get it to expirence a fulfilling disappointment. Other than that, avoid it."
,Not Recommended,232430,8286335,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Kaylin Rae.,A waste of time and left me grossed out about the story between the two girls.
,Not Recommended,232430,8318568,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,MrE,Worst game ever!
,Not Recommended,232430,8320924,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Blue,"Gone home... A game that promises to be a horror. And it is if you actually bought it. The only scary thing here is after you finish the story (and the clues are hidden a little too well) and realise its just a pushy agenda in the form of a 'Dear Ester"" knock off. Dont buy this game. If you really want to experience this game then just skip about halfway through 'V for Vendetta', at least that movie passed this agenda in an interesting way. I honestly was expecting ghosts or crazy people, I mean they even make it LOOK like there is blood all over the bathtub. I was expecting Paranormal activity by Stephen King and I got Brokeback mountain by M.Night Shamalan. I feel like I want to demand a refund of my time.DON'T BUY THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,232430,8326634,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,HouseMD,"Finished the game in a little over 100 minutes. It's really short, and the story becomes predictable half way through. Not to mention it has a few of plot holes that I can see.However, that does not make it horrible. It IS good. It has good insight to tennagers at the time and it keeps you going to find out how exactly what happened in the end, though predictable. It has a lot of ingame content, as in the pieces of evidence, so you really have to understand what's going on. The graphics and textures are great.That being said, it has absolutely no replay value. Most detective games have no replay value, for obvious reasons, but they are also quite lengthy. Sure, you can go back to examine/read some pieces of evidence lying around - but the mystery is solved. I don't want to go back examining every panel of the house, or trying to find letters that I haven't read yet (I basically read everything I came across).Now, this is a nice short game. But for the £5.09 they ask for it. Hell NO! The RRP on this thing is £14.99.What?! Are they mad?!... I can't recommend this game. It is simply too expensive for something this short."
,Not Recommended,232430,8342442,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Joeberto,"Don't waste your money for a ""game"" like this, all you can do is walking through the house and listen a pretty good acted plot but really boring after ten minutes.No puzzles, no deep interaction, NOTHING! I mean, how can you reach 86/100 Metascore with nothing to do with a game but experience?I'm really disappointed.Again, don't waste your money."
76561198115104623,Not Recommended,232430,8352987,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,steve.s.farley,Gone Home is a game with an interesting story and nice atmosphere but it's a shame that nothing actually happen. If you expect something scary you will be deceived. You keep walking in the mansion looking for parts of the story and that is all.and no replayability. It's better to buy a horror book and read when there is a tunder storm.
76561198072624790,Not Recommended,232430,8353006,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,steelwolf1987,Don't even bother. You can walk around your own house and rummage through your own family's things all while having a much better time then playing through this joke laking of a punchline.
,Not Recommended,232430,10739947,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Atheora,"Interesting interactive story, but not really what I was expecting. Some very small puzzles, but mostly this is a game of exploring your surrounds and finding out the story of your sister, Sam, while your character was traveling Europe. Sets up a horror element, but doesn't ever deliver. Would have liked more puzzles and object interaction. The exploration about the situation, graphical design, and sound are in interesting and will kill a couple hours though. Wouldn't pay full price for."
,Not Recommended,232430,10744260,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,trueGator_89,"unless this is for a school project or you're a hard core feminst who wants a 5 minute story about lesbian love, i suggest you just stay away from this game. Not scary, barely a compelling story, 1 easter egg?, boring, if you really want this game, DO NOT BUY FOR FULL PRICE NO MATTER WHAT. I bought it for 3 and i still think it costed to much, YOU ShOULD BE PAYED TO PLAY THIS GAME."
76561198024664298,Not Recommended,232430,10744536,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Tubbus Maximus,"In the words of Rajesh Koothrappali, ""Big or small; I don't like rabbits. They always look like they are about to say something but they never do."" That is almost exactly (not really) what this game is. While you play it, you think to yourself that something cool, or just SOMETHING is gonna happen, but it never does. All you do is walk around and investigate... sorry, investigate is the wrong word... look at stuff until you find out why no one is home. It is frustrating. And is that storyline enticing? It is not. I will give it up to some of the 90's nostalgia that was in this game, but that is it.I just wanted to add the Raj quote because it is better than this game."
76561197976411498,Not Recommended,232430,8396022,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Sanity Asylum,"The game holds a nice grip (albeit possibly unintentional) on the eerie storm and haunting darkness of the house... but I can't really tell if that was the message the developer was trying to send.  As for the game play, there is none to be had outside of your basic move about the house and examine controls.It drops you literally on the front porch of a home your (a young woman's) family has just moved into, no one is home and you have no idea why.Interacting with objects is far more limited than I thought it would be compared to games like skyrim (even without the combat aspect of skyrim) and the purpose of the game seems aloof.This game is obviously liked by many given reviews from game sites, but this one left me bored and unsure of my goal.After not my initial negative review of this game I have given it another chance out of boredom and the desire to play something ""different.""  I can say this game met that idea.  The shortest way I can put this is it would have made a nice little movie like that of ""Glass House"" or ""Wicker Park"" as it is basically a love story between your characters sister and her friend that plays out through notes and items you come across that triggers audio clips.So to wrap this up, it would have been just as good or better as a movie and the length of it is just about the same as a movie.I enjoyed the story, but the game play is still a pointless filler to what it's about.  I would only recommend this game if it was less than $5.00 given that is the average movie rental cost."
,Not Recommended,232430,8928516,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,CK UNCHAINED,"Gone Home is a really interesting experiment.  It succeeds in redefining video game storytelling a great deal, yet I didn't care for where the main plot went.  The voyeuristic style of explortation is really interesting and can only succeed through the game medium, and I love the 90's references.  The story itself likes to shove it's agenda a little too much down your throat, for me personally, but that's just my opinion.  The minimalistic score is engaging, but lacking in depth or longevity.Overall a great experiment.  I would like to see this typ of storytelling injected into other genres and styles of games too.  It is a poineering title for sure, but it sure likes to parade its themes near the end of this engaging trip."
,Not Recommended,232430,8970971,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,evangelism,"Solid story with a nice ending different from what I expected. This is not a video game. We really need a widely excepted term for ""interactive stories"" like: this, The Stanley Parable, Dear Esther, etc. It is ""go from room to room picking up objects and listening to dialogue the game,"" It is a decent experience and worth your time to play, if you get it on sale. The main thing negative I can say about this is that it is outrageously overpriced. This is the length of a feature film and has no game play what so ever. I can barely call this interactive as well due to their being no branching narrative (not necessarily a negative, it just enforces my point). A 90 minute feature costs 6 bucks at a matinee and costs multimillions to make, this tells a weaker story than most story driven films, is not impressive graphically, has no gameplay to speak of, and music is subpar. It offers nothing to justify it's 20 dollar price tag. Get it when it's on sale for about 5, then it is worth it. The only thing keeping me from recommending this is the price tag, and I just cannot make that recommendation with this cost to substance ratio."
,Not Recommended,232430,11413697,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Thornvine,"The game was very interesting. It certainly tricks you over and over into thinking you're in a horror game. The ambient noise throughout the house is quite terrifying and going through certain areas is absolutely nerve-wracking. For such a tame plot, that level of fear was very odd and seemed misplaced. By the time you reach the end after all those sweaty palmed corners, it's sort of a let down.All in all a good story, IF you catch it on sale."
76561197991544981,Not Recommended,232430,12029800,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,MusicToEat,Boring predictable plot wrapped in obvious boring gameplay.  Don't waste your time or money.
76561198067628368,Not Recommended,232430,12224873,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Slalom (҂`O´)  Jones,overpriced by about $20
76561197993277554,Not Recommended,232430,1440931,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Silens,Waste of time... had so much potential and was just boring.
,Not Recommended,232430,12960460,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,(You),0/10 - Can't turn on microwave
,Not Recommended,232430,7814095,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Bowz,The big twist in this game is that there is no twist.  I was expecting ice cream and all I got was a dry cone. The journey is more enjoyable than the end.
76561197994434795,Not Recommended,232430,8309512,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ebell98,"Waste of time.  I enjoy adventure games, but this was flat out boring.  Tried too much to make some sort of artsy statement without offering any real gameplay."
76561198067567241,Not Recommended,232430,8315106,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Shigjetar,"While this was a very entertaining game (interactive story more like), I feel bad for anyone that bought it for the full price. I finished the story in an hour and ten minutes and will probably never touch it again. You wouldn't miss much by just watching a playthrough without commentary on youtube.The price seems very steep to me considering how linear the game is and the lack of replayability.Freshman sex ed assignments are about the scariest thing in this game, with it's roots in the Amnesia engine and the mention (I say mention because there was no developement at all) of ""Oscar"", I was expecting at least a little bit more thrill from the game.The metascor of 86/100 suprises me because Gone Home is a very short game with very low replayabilty. It's closer to a movie than a game.Don't judge it too soon, though. At it's sale price right now, I think it's worth it. The game's point is to create an atmosphere and tell a story, which it does very, very well."
76561198056106029,Not Recommended,232430,8317283,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,tsunami0ne,"Worst game ever. Within the first 5 minutes, you can already guess the ending."
,Not Recommended,232430,8322546,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Walrus,I want my $6.00 back.
,Not Recommended,232430,8323029,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,[SN31]Robyn,"Needs more Ghosts. Enough to keep you curious to get to the good part, but it doesn't really happen."
76561197984369419,Not Recommended,232430,8337716,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,perphektxero,"Finished this game under 2 hours, and it went that long because I let it sit while I made some lunch.  If this game was much longer, and we explored more of the family members stories, then I would say it is nothing less than amazing.  I would recommend this game only if it was under $5.  The exploration of the house and finding notes, memos and other things to tell the story was really fun, though picking up certain objects was unecessary, and started to feel old after a while examining things not really important.  Sam's story was cliche, and I felt like the game was a platform to make a statement more than tell a story at times.  The ending though felt like the story built up into something big, and then..."
,Not Recommended,232430,8352916,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Kaos,"I'm on the fence about this game. It's cool to like for it's unique story driven ,exploration gameplay,but it's cool to hate for it's pretentious story driven,exploration gameplay where nothing happens at all. Letters you can barely read because they have the penmanship of a 3rd grader and numerous duplicated items through out the house that you have no point of interacting with them. I understand what the creators were trying to accomplish developing this game, and the title “Gone Home” has a bit more philosophical meaning towards the end (barley).The whole old house that may be hunted thing was done alright in my opinion. Lights flickering,floor boards creeking (which are explained),a closet that is open in the dark with jacket hanging appearing as a silhouette of a person. It's reminds me of staying by a grand parent house as a kid and waking up at night to use the bath room or get a glass of milk. Even though they you know nothing is out there and you're completely safe there's always that thought in the back of your mind. At least that's what I got out of it. Other then that get ready for cabinet searching and door slamming.The story is kind of predictable and is something out of a after school special in the modern era, I won't tell you what network it will be on because it will spoil it. I put together a much horrible outcome rather then the big revel at the end. And the secret passages and areas just falls under the old creepy haunted prohibition house premise. The over all narrative tone of the game is done well tough .All and all it's an enjoyable experience and definitely a change of pace, but for the price it's definitely not worth it especially with zero replay value. I manged to pick this up during a sale at less then seven dollars and I’m having some regret."
,Not Recommended,232430,8354740,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,smint®,Pretentious.
,Not Recommended,232430,8690215,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Rhygol,"Very short, poor gameplay.  The story is not really all that good either, especailly for a game that people claim is all about  story.  It's high school level writing.  Best part of the game comes about 3/4 of the way in and you start to feel like something is going to happen, but then nothing happens and that's it.  I paid $5 on a sale and regreted it."
76561198080833089,Not Recommended,232430,10928993,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,andrewld,Crashes on startup.Every time.-10/-10 would crash again
76561197997170679,Not Recommended,232430,13086093,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,NewLunarRepublic,This game lacks all agency to make it feel like you are doing anything and can be beat in under a minute by accident.  I cannot recommend this game for free let alone $20.
,Not Recommended,232430,8023259,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Bokkusu Rifutaa T!,Diary scavenger hunt under the constant guise of a horror plot waiting to unfold. Voted best PC game of 2013.
,Not Recommended,232430,8331192,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,AnthonyTV,"I thought I was figuring out the ropes of how the game worked when suddenly I realized I had won the game... without even understanding what the point of any of it was.  It's like ravaging for items in Fallout, most of them are useless, some tell little stories... and then once you find a few hidden things to click you beat the game."
76561198120416850,Not Recommended,232430,8343523,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,KittyGoBigBoom,I just bought the game and for some reason when I try playing it the lights show up but everything else is dark I tried starting the game over but that didn't help and now I am about to try unload then reload it again to see if that helps but at this second I would not recommend this game to anyone.
,Not Recommended,232430,8355175,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Arkeyane,"Make sure you read about what the game is pretty in depth before you assume it's a sort of spooky mystery puzzle game, it isn't. I thought it was and from their description and the video I felt pretty confident that it was. Played the whole game and it seemed like it could be spooky, lots of dark rooms, tv's left on, drawers opened, clothes splayed out, and lead on about there being a haunting the entire time. There was even a pentagram but no part of the game delivered any scare effect and all I ended up doing was walking around, opening drawers and reading people letters. The story is good and could have gone just fine with some sort of tragedy that the game description somewhat suggests. Not what I expected and I felt it was advertised too much like the games that actually are spooky puzzle adventures."
,Not Recommended,232430,8363098,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Ts,"WORST game ever.♥♥♥♥♥♥ movement, terrible story, terrible this and that and everything!Don't pay for this, must be for EMO-girls only, before they kill themselves."
,Not Recommended,232430,8388306,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Gath,"I went into this game knowing nothing but the basic premise of ""Girl comes home and finds everyone gone"". Went inside the house, noticed an air of creepy and got excited. I didn't expect it to be survival horror, just started hoping for an good mystery. It became quickly apparent that I was way off mark.The game boiled down to a teenage, adversity love story with flat, cliche characters. I really wanted to like it, but it just became a series of open door, rummage through room, read notes, repeat. If the story was better or the characters were more fleshed out, I would have enjoyed it much more.For $19.99($9.99 during the winter sale), I definitely cannot reccomend this. If you're really wanting to try it, wait until its under $5."
76561198017971525,Not Recommended,232430,8401877,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Draz,"Pros:- Well written- Very detailed environment with many interactive items.- Good sound effectsCons:- Short. You will finish this within an afternoon.- No replay value. Once you have figured out the big secret, that's it. I can't imagine ever replaying it.- Inconsistent tone. I was only really creeped out by the eerily silent house for the first couple minutes of exploring. They could have done a lot more with the lighting and storm to make the player jumpy.- Can't move furniture, sadly.- Christmas Duck needed more speaking lines.Overall:It is not a bad game, but I could only recommend buying it during a Steam Sale."
76561197961500279,Recommended,232430,13955090,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Euan,I bought this ages ago based on the hype. I played it for a short while but didnt have the patience. After hearing numerous great reviews I sat through it in one sitting and really enjoyed it.It is very much a story driven game and worth playing through the somewhat interesting puzzles for the story alone.
,Recommended,232430,14056949,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Raven Northwood,"Wonderful story but a bit too short for me.This was beautifully written, excellently devised, and has an awesome score. The map system and the placement of the rooms of the house actually do make sense. This is definitely one of those games where you just look at everything and take in the environment and story. I would have preferred it to be a bit more puzzle based (the few puzzles in here are just 'go this place next and get clue about where to explore'. A few advanced puzzles to lengthen the game would not have been too much.Overall, even though the game wasn't necessarily for me, I encourage everyone to at least live through the experience and listen closely to the story. It's worth that much."
,Recommended,232430,13963309,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Hamalisk,"Interesting short game. It is basically a short story made into an one hour game. If you like 3D point and clickers like Lucius you will probably like this as well. I would not recommend it for the original price of 20€, but instead wait until it is on sale. 20€ is far too much for a short game with bad graphics. It clears the bechdel test."
,Recommended,232430,14044819,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,I Save Alla Ze Bebehs,"A very lovely little interactive story. If you love environments and scenery games like Dear Esther, you'd likely enjoy this. It's very much not a traditional game, but it is a very cool story-telling device, and if you get it while its at a discount sale price, I'd say it's worth the money."
,Recommended,232430,13982240,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,HâpPçheñ,"First of all, yes , do not buy this game at full price unless you want to support the developer. It is a short game (~ 2hours) and has no replayabilty......CAUSE it is completely focused on slowly revealing it´s emotional story and loving characters.  Although the story itself does not particularly suit me ,like a lot of other guys here  , I still liked cause it is delivered fantastically. You slowly get to know all of the characters. Their emotions ,feelings, what drives them, social background and thoughts are revealed as if you were meeting and getting to know a real person. As far as a video game can. And that is the point, why I personally like and recommend this game,It is showing how a video game can create real emotions. This game can and will get you to a point of emotional connection to the characters, if you let it. I would love to see such a depth and creativity in storytelling in every other game (with storys even a 21 year old guy can immerge into ,cause !!!!SPOILER!!! a lesbian teen story !!!! SPOILER!!!! is just not what I am usually into).  If other developers learn from this and try to reproduce character-, and storydepth the gaming industry And the gamers can look forward to games that will provoke and induce Love, Fear, Grief (meh) , true Excitement, Curiosity and most importantly Fun!Keep the spelling mistekes , I am outHave Fun and Good LuckTentralus"
76561197985977660,Recommended,232430,14005726,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Jebidiah,"More of an interactive story than a game, and considering movie tickets are about $8 I'd have to recommend picking this game up during a sale and playing it over a night or two.I love than the game takes place in the mid 90s, with the exchanging of class notes, cassette tapes, and underground music scene. Very unique time period that was a perfect match for the scattering of clues that would otherwise be condensed in someone's iPhone or GMail account nowadays."
,Recommended,232430,14054328,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,F1DDY,"Short, but a masterpiece. Definitely recommend giving this one a play!"
,Recommended,232430,14032066,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Gilles.of.Augustine,"I finished this game in only a few hours, but they were some of the best hours I've ever spent in a video game.Is it worth $20? Probably not. But if you can get it for $8 or less, go for it. $8 is approximately the price of a movie ticket, and this game gives an experience compariable with seeing a particularly long, deeply profound movie."
76561197970483712,Recommended,232430,414726,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,vane303,for all of you who were teenagers in the ninties this is an awesome and intense experience. strongly recommend it :)
,Recommended,232430,1168207,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Vichan,A sweet little adventure game with lots of attention to detail. It's possible to complete the game  in a couple of hours so as it stands now it's a bit too expensive to justify a blind purchase. Get it when it's on sale!
,Recommended,232430,129189,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,jvdgoot,Get this game. It is proof that a game can be engrossing and fulfilling without combat.
,Recommended,232430,13965076,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,private ryan,"A great game. Contains 3/4 of my guidlines for a good game (gameplay, music, plot, replayability). It has a simple goal: figure out wtf happened. the music is amazing, and the plot is a masterpiece. The plot would've made a great book, if they had the chance. However, it's not a game you can play a second time.all in all, great game. my only regret is buying it at full price. dont do that. buy it on sale."
76561198074661529,Recommended,232430,26541933,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Sniper Wolf,"Gone home has a great atmosphere which gets increasingly darker and more mysterious as you play. This game also has a really cool and detailed 1990’s setting. There is a sense of humour here too with some unexpected jokes and ‘Easter eggs’ to be discovered.The game ran fine for me at max settings on a GTX980 running Windows 10. A cool feature that the developers included is a ‘Modifiers Menu’. Whenever you start a new game, you can modify your experience, in some fun and useful ways. The ‘Game Options’ menu also contains some nice features. Which allow you to turn off various ‘in-game prompts’ for an even more immersive experience. There is also the option to turn on ‘in-game developer commentaries’ which is always nice.The house in which this game takes place is very well designed. Providing an eerie sense of realism with mysterious and creepy undertones. The house is also filled with interesting, interactive content including good music and other cultural references. There is a nice little story here too which unravels as you explore.I would highly recommend ‘Gone Home’, I really enjoyed my time spent in this creepy, cool, house from the past."
76561198027066520,Not Recommended,232430,13843841,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Big Tasty,Teen Lesbian simulator. Made me quit and fap to lesbain porn.
76561198135146215,Not Recommended,232430,32180187,Posted: 4 June,all,OPSpectrum,"An interactive story, not a game. A shallow story. A short story. A boring and common tale of teenage angst that will take you all of 2hrs to walk through. That said, it is not even something that will compete with a real book because if it were just a sit don read, it would be a postcard, at best.Thankfully I did not pay much for this game, got it in huge sale. Do not buy this game at anything more than £2. Instead, go the the book shop and buy a real book with depth and knowledge, if reading is your thing. And on that point if reading isn't your thing, you are a stain on society and should probably not vote, we don't need the future to be molded by uneducated, uncultured dolts!Ahem. Sorry.."
76561197972829647,Not Recommended,232430,26544989,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Schmarlo,"The short form:If you think “Dear Esther” is an awful and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game do not buy this one. It is the same over expensive♥♥♥♥♥♥by the same publisher.The objective form:Gone Home is a good “walk around in an abounded mansion simulator“, but it is really bad in being an adventure game. Of course at some point it is questionable what really makes a game a game. For me a game has to offer a player some kind of challenge.  This challenge can be a test of certain skills like reflexes or strategic thinking, the ability to solve puzzles or recognize connections; sometimes the goal is to overcome fears, sometimes to build empires. There are endless possibilities for games but they have all on thing in common.  They offer some kind of interaction for the player which has an impact of what happens. Gone Home does not offer this at all. Walking around in it feels linear like reading a book, which can be exiting too, of course, but again not as an adventure game.  A lot of people like this game as it gives them a nostalgic feeling. But honestly, this walking around simulation will take 2 hours of your time for a price of 20$ which is way too expensive for what it offers.The spoiling form:The whole game and all of its content can be explained in one sentence:You walk around in a left 90s house and collect parts of a diary for 2 hours.That’s all what happens here… for the price of just twenty bucks…"
,Recommended,232430,12855588,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Sylvzz,"One of the best things I experienced in my life. Yes, its extremely short. Yes, people call it ""girly"". Yes, people call ""not a game"" or ""walking simulator"". Yet, nothing can stop me from loving this game. Its something very unique, it will play with your feelings and make you a better person. At least, thats how i felt after i reached the ending. This game is VERY opinion based, i mean, people can literally rate from 0 to 10...but you should try it besides bad/good reviews. Especially if its in a sale, becouse we all agree the original price is very high. My score would be 10/10, but as I said, this review is VERY personal."
,Recommended,232430,12754547,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Aoshi,This game looked like a nice game for a stormy day and a few cups of coffee. It was worth every penny. I spent hours just exploring this house cuddled up in my blanket with my coffee. I felt kind of creepy looking at all the family's stuff at first but the game quickly immersed me into the body of a girl who lived in the house. Now I am a girl.
,Recommended,232430,10742823,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Stanimus,A 1 hour masterpiece worthy of your $3.00! (Summer Sale 2014)
76561198076096318,Recommended,232430,12419052,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Phteven,"Very interesting game. First playthrough took a little over 90 min to complete, and I still didnt open all locked containers (2 that I know of). I pretty much played it non stop from begining to end. Worth every penny, and every minute. The story is very well executed, and makes players form an emotional attachment to a character you dont even see, just through journal entries.A must play.8.5/10"
76561198023484371,Recommended,232430,26552122,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Pwnzworth,*Spoiler Alert* No one told me this game was about lesbians. I spent hours looking for ghosts only to find out i'm supposed to read diaries and crap. Although i did get a new perspective about what its like to be a girl learning about herself... 8/10.
,Not Recommended,232430,25840216,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Hercules Rockefeller,"Friend: What's it abou--Me: It's lesbians mateFriend: Yeah, but--Me: It's just..lesbians, that's it, lesbians"
,Not Recommended,232430,12406233,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,sunberry,Gameplay was a little bit too easy and thought the story would be more interesting.
,Recommended,232430,12953460,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Anime,"The fact that there's a flood of negative reviews by people mad at a game that dares not be Shootmans 7: Gun Ops and the reviews still stay at ""mostly positive"" should tell you something.The game is very well made, in the vein of old adventure games (though much more focused on exploration than on 'oops you messed up, game over). It's a cute story that has much realer characters than 99.9% of games, and the atmosphere creation is easily one of the best in the videogame genre.If all you like in games is shooting stuff and action, obviously don't pick up a game that isn't even marketed at you. If you enjoy exploration, learning about believable characters, and ambience, then definitely pick this up. You should consider this a mixture of visual novels and myst, and if that sounds fun, go for it!"
,Not Recommended,232430,22693334,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,AWLIG,not worth what it cost. Game took less that 5h to beat and was really really misleading about the mystery (there really isn't one)Its a shame cause it could have been a really good horror game but the ending left me dissapointed and feeling like I wasted at least 15 of the 20ish$ it cost to buy. The set up and game play are great but the story itself is a let down.
76561197983155187,Recommended,232430,16710636,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,MonkeyspankO,"Touching interactive story, told in 3rd person through voiced journal entries and written notes (with minor problem solving). Can't say much more, because if would ruin the experience. Good idea that they set it 1995.Clocks in at just about 2 hours if you read and listen to everything. Still, i would recommend it, especially on sale. Just don't expect a shooter!"
76561198004520586,Not Recommended,232430,12612909,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,alex_de_la_fang,Booooring
76561197963635426,Not Recommended,232430,22441887,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Clunt,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTN6Du3MCgI
76561197989035148,Not Recommended,232430,26086757,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,tombo862000,"Lot's of potential and basically well-made.  However, in the end, the story was really weak and disappointing."
,Recommended,232430,11080465,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Beatnik-Filmstar,"While I'll readily admit that I don't think it was worth it's full release date price - this game was intesting as can be and entirely worth the time it took to run through it.  Paid Steam Sale price, and not sure I'd want to pay much more than that, but screw the maniacal haters.  It's a decent story, and a pretty decent little trip.  Lesbian walking simulators are games too. Just as much as Dark Souls, you dumb babies."
,Recommended,232430,7801508,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Lobotomaxx,"Set in a dystopian future in the year 199X, you wander around in a house that has porno magazines and VCR tapes and those giant floating blob monsters from Doom.This game is perfect to play one night when you're too hammered to play something else.  Definitely worth the price of admission.  And the SNES cartridges."
,Not Recommended,232430,25808440,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,CaptainMellow,Go Home You're Drunk.
,Not Recommended,232430,12498596,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Dr. Thursday,"This little adventure game is conceptually interesting, but it's ultimately let down by its writing and execution. I don't have anything against ""walking simulators"" in general. However, Bioshock-style audio logs in a realistic modern-day setting severely damage Gone Home's attempt to create an immersive environment. In addition, the story amounts to a bland high school romance where the parents disapprove of their kid's choice in partners. The feel-good ending didn't sway me because I never felt a connection to any of the paper-thin characters. I suppose I can praise the developers for creating an incredibly polarizing game, though!"
,Recommended,232430,7801021,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Dankk,"As much crap as this game gets, I happened to enjoy it. Although it's not really a proper game; rather, it's a vehicle for telling a short, but deeply emotional story. It will probably take you about an hour and a half to finish - so it's very quick - but I was very touched by the storyline. If you ever played Dear Esther, it's pretty much the exact same thing. You walk around and slowly unravel the story through the environment.If you didn't like Dear Esther, then you certainly won't like Gone Home. But if you enjoy that kind of experience, I recommend it for sure. I wouldn't say it's worth $20, but for a fiver, I can appreciate this kind of ""game""."
,Recommended,232430,7819166,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Rain,"I'll be honest... I usually make stupid reviews in a sad attempt to be funny. However I feel this game needs a proper review due to the amazing experience it gave me.As a gamer who enjoys games like Dear Esther, Trauma, Dream, and The Stanley Parable.... I tend to over-analyze everything (which is actually pretty fun to a degree). This game fed my obsessive mind by providing tons of clues and little minor details that add pieces to the large puzzle known as ""Gone Home.""I've always wanted a game where I could literally pick up anything and read the text without seeing pixels.... This is the closest a game has ever come to do that. You can pick up books, pictures, pizza-boxes, cereal-boxes, mugs, newspapers, and a wide variety of items that have meaning in the story, while others do not.As for the game's storyline.....Tthe main conflict is that you (Kaitlin) have just arrived home after a long time abroad traveling, however when you come home no one is there... including your parents and your sister (Sam). It's raining outside and there is a cryptic message from Sam saying that she is gone and that she won't be returning. Not spoiling anything but she crosses out the names ""Mom and Dad"" on the letter, causing many people (including me) to all of a sudden feel a sense of panic in discovering what happened inside the mansion which is my home.As always with ""games"" like these, I like to emphasize that it's more of an interactive story with some puzzle elements added in. Which I find awesome, however some FPS fans may not enjoy this due to no M2A04 being present in the storyline... However there are condoms. Just saying that as a warning to the typical people who review this saying ""I could of watched this on YouTube instead of buying it, waste of money"".What I find amusing is that I actually got teary-eyed playing this game, there are some sad events that are all too common in real life, even though this game takes place in 1995, much of the hardships are still the same as in 2013. By the end of the game you feel an emotional attachment to the characters you learn about it..... It's a feeltrip when it ends bro... That’s all I'll say. Now excuse me while I cry my eyes out in the fetal position.The graphics are stunningly good in this game and add a lot to the games overall desirability. At times I almost forgot I was playing a game which in my book serves as a reminder that this game is amazing. Walking through a mansion all by yourself certainly is creepy, yet peaceful at the same time.In conclusion, I really love this game. Games like this one are the reason I haven't given up playing single player games. I got this game on sale, yet I would easily pay full price because the game is worth it."
,Recommended,232430,26570309,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Randomshadows,"Very cool walking simulator/mystery game. Worth picking up if it's in a sale to have a go and explore.Loads of things to interact with and explore, however I found that there weren't really many mysteries to solve, and that the overall ending was satisfactory in explaining everything, however I felt it could have been more dramatic or mysterious.Lovely original score and nice additions of the band music and mix tapes.Overall, great experience."
,Recommended,232430,3311922,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,mrjehovah,"If you think this is going to be a scary game, you will be sorely disappointed. The mechanics themselves are awesome. Going through a house that is well detailed and being able to interact with almost any item is great. The whole time I was feeling as if the next thing I overturned would lead me into a scary abyss of horror.Then I found out it was just a story about lesbians. Don't get me wrong, I don't care about lesbians. It's quite fine that the supporting characters were homosexual. But for to have the whole story revolve around that instead of what the game pretends to be about? It's like buying a game that which insists it's a first person shooter, only to find out the game is solely trying to promote the proper use of flossing your teeth.If you get this game, just realize that exploring the house is great. Finding out the whole game was about letting you listen to a few unknown bands and revealing the droll story of a couple girls finding out their sexuality is very depressing."
,Recommended,232430,26148270,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,NaaN,"Gone Home is one of those games you buy but you never end up playing. But hell, when I did play it, it was a surprisingly beautiful experience. If you like a mix of mystery, hidden objects and a story richness - GET THIS GAME!"
,Not Recommended,232430,25634064,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,spikerules,"Things like this don't have a place in gaming. Games allow you to actually PLAY a game, otherwise you're nothing more than a wannabe pretend movie! My two favourite hobbies are movies and games. I am in the filming industry as a profession and even I can't stand these ""games"". If you want to sell these ""games"" to your audience they need to be marketed as interactive movies nothing more and nothing less. I personally could not stand Gone Home, but loved TLOU. Both told a story, but LTOU immerse me more into it's world both in terms of gameplay and story. With Gone Home I'd guessed its conclusion half way through it's very short (thank goodness!) running time and had no fun ""playing"" it.If you don't have gameplay to fall back on then you better have a damn good story. This doesn't have either! The story was predictable and bland. One positive is that it wasn't a long game... if that could ever be a positive!"
,Recommended,232430,12979666,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,RasterPup,"It's not often that I find a storyline in a video game that tugs the heartstrings so perfectly as to draw a couple of tears. This game did just that, with a beautifully framed love story told in just the right way."
,Not Recommended,232430,23320224,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Brettsky,"Great atmosphere. I actually enjoyed exploring the house, but the story, just...no. Also, $20 for 2 hours of gameplay is offensive. Luckily I got it on sale."
76561197972390763,Recommended,232430,8885773,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Exige,"Quite a good story, but the game is only 3 hours long. Get it if you can find it on sale, though."
,Recommended,232430,34927748,Posted: 13 September,all,disastrophe,Absolutely brilliant.
,Not Recommended,232430,8593446,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,All American Bad Boy,Thought I was getting into some mystery turns out your lesbo sister ran away with her loverwhat a load of ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,232430,11532977,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,JacquesLeSauve,"Just so you know, minor yet ""necessary"" spoilers ahead.I tried to avoid hearing about any of the finer details of this game as much as possible since there was apparently some kind of ""twist"" to the story and it was supposedly better to go into it on your own terms rather than really knowing anything about it. All I did know was that it took place entirely within a single, large house that you explore at your own leisure, there was no combat of any form or enemies to speak of, and it was NOT a horror game. Here's the problem though, it goes so hard out of its way to present itself otherwise that even knowing all of the above I still couldn't help but get sucked into the atmosphere and brace myself for something supernatural and otherworldly (presumably part of this upcoming twist?) for pretty much the entirety of my time with it. You'll see what I mean...Right from the very start, before you even begin the game, Gone Home's opening gambit is a title screen showing a creepy looking house slathered in chilling tones of dark purples and indigos set under a night sky and situated somewhere seemingly in the middle of the dark woods, the only sign of relief being a single lit window upstairs and an invitingly open front door teasing your curiosity. This is essentially the standard set-up to any number of relatively generic horror movies where you already know what the characters in it seem so impossibly oblivious to, that everything is going to go rapidly downhill from here. Once you actually start the game it only further reinforces those initial impressions and continues to hammer them deeper into your consciousness as it plays with your perceptions and expectations.It opens with you standing inside a large, dimly lit porch, the doors ahead and behind locked shut, a heavy barrage of rain pours down the windows and obscures the view outside which shows only darkness and a handful of trees immediately in front of the house, and from the very start right up until the end of the 3-5 hour experience wind howls and thunder cracks as it fully flavours the unsettling ambience. Once inside the main building lights flicker and floorboards creak behind locked doors, then notes littered around the various rooms and corridors speak of a ghostly presence within the walls of the house and the sordid past of its previous, troubled occupants and the bad reputation it has among the small town's inhabitants. Even after finishing the game and going back to revisit some of the rooms and passages, despite knowing there's no threat of harm, I still can't help but feel uneasy as I slowly walk through the unfamiliar dwelling, so well crafted is the tense somewhat oppressive atmosphere. In fact, I can't help but be reminded of Amnesia: The Dark Descent as it plays like a version of that without its more perilous, menacing aspects, and even interactive objects are highlighted with a faint blue glow. It really does well and truly feel like the setting for a horror game through and through. And that's exactly the problem I have with the game, it's not a horror story, it's a love story.You play as Kaitlin Greenbriar who returns home in the early hours of the morning after travelling across Europe for the past year and finds the house completely devoid of life. Her sister, Samantha, has left a note on the door saying she had to leave and doesn't want anyone to try finding her, setting you up to search for clues as to the whereabouts of Sam and the rest of the family. Answers come in the form of scraps of paper, notes, journal entries and various environmental clues scattered throughout the house which you gradually piece together to learn the full story. What's revealed is the tale of young love being discovered and blossoming over the course of the past year as well as the adversity it faces in that time. It's a fairly sweet, touching little story that may encourage or inspire some people to persevere in their own life, and if it really does end up helping anyone who identifies with the issues it deals with then that's great. But the problem is, when the game pulls this sleight of hand on the player and tries so hard to present one reality before then unveiling another, these two main elements of haunted house gameplay and ""love's young dream"" storytelling feel hugely at odds against each other. Maybe had I known this before starting I would have been able to enjoy it a lot more, but instead I felt let down by neither elements reaching the potential that they could have were they to be the sole focus of a game in their own right.So I think your enjoyment here will depend largely upon how well-equipped you are with the knowledge of what to expect in your time with the game. There's no creatures to jump out at you, no ghosts or aliens at the heart of it all, no bodies in the basement or suicidal girl dangling in the attic, no shocks or twist endings of being dead and stuck in limbo, just a quaint love story, great voice acting, and lots of loving nods to '90s Western pop culture. Go into it knowing this and chances are you'll enjoy it, otherwise you risk walking away feeling a tad cheated by the content hidden behind the presentation.Despite my gripes with it, I'm still going to give this a ""thumbs up"" since Steam doesn't allow anything between a positive or negative, though mainly because, while I wouldn't necessarily be in any hurry to push someone towards this, I certainly wouldn't ever try to talk anyone out of it either, although the arguably high price point really doesn't do it any favours. So instead of a thumbs up or down, imagine an open hand pivoting from side to side in a feeble ""meh"" gesture and that'll probably best sum up my overall recommendation for this game."
,Recommended,232430,14293202,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,The Real McCoy,"Love is touching souls; surely Gone Home has touched mine.People who don't like or get this game may (or may not) fall into one of three categories:1) Anti-LGBT. I know people who don't like this game because it insults their delicate religious sensibilities. If you will play Call of Duty: Ghosts, but not Gone Home, please go home yourselves.2) Adrenaline junkies. This game starts off feeling like a horror story, but it isn't. It's a very quiet love story. If you can't go nine seconds without shooting an insurgent, you'll hate this game like you hate non-Muricans and gun laws.3) Un-seekers. If you're like me, you look in every corner, you search the way you aren't supposed to go before the path that's suggested, and you try to get in every box in hopes of a lucky find (yep, that's how most of my dates go, too). If you can't look between the shelves & read between the lines, this game will seem very unfinished. It's not. You just ain't lookin' right.On a personal note, as a bisexual woman this game really touched me. I understand what it's like to be in a household and a society that doesn't understand, and they don't make the story out to be another whiny miserable self-indulgent young adult victimization. The people around her just genuinely don't know how to respond, and she's not raging at them, just regretful and hurt and frustrated. They're confused by her sexuality, and she's confused by their confusion. She thinks it's pretty clear, and always has been. I love that. It isn't dramatized or scripted, it's just a house with bits and pieces of people's histories. Thank you, developers, for making a wonderful LGBT game that isn't a parody of itself because look at us, we're so gay lololololol streamers. I look forward to a long future with Fullbright."
,Recommended,232430,7806841,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Mulleno,Refreshing take on storytelling in games. You will be pleasantly surprised.
,Recommended,232430,9029789,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Levaniko,"Very different and refreshing experience, it's nice to see games like this in this ""dudebro shooter"" dominated market, it really proves that games aren't supposed to be action oriented and targeted to a single type of users."
,Recommended,232430,7491535,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,kschang77,"Gone home is one of those polarizing games that relishes in the experience, not in the result. There is no combat, only exploration. There is no score, only discovery. While there is an ending, it's not the full story. As you arrive home, it is strangely empty. What had transpired while you're gone? How's your sister doing in school? How did mom like her new job? Is dad still writing that third novel? And who is that grand uncle that left dad and your family this mansion? And why aren't they home? Perhaps it's time for you to find out more about the people you thought you knew... This 3D exploration game is interesting, and thoughtful, but it's not for everyone."
,Not Recommended,232430,33076376,Posted: 1 July,all,DeZzA,Fairly 'meh'. Not sure what everyone was going on about it. Story was pretty bland imoo
76561198007331483,Recommended,232430,7851872,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Demiche,"Never has a game ever so completely deserved the review ""Short but sweet""."
76561198034034637,Recommended,232430,7807673,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,greengrenades,Pretty good game about lesbians.
,Not Recommended,232430,23355755,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Mikeatron,"Biggest waste of money on steam.Boring and pointless, absolutely nothing ever happens.Save your money and buy a good game instead."
76561198312861544,Not Recommended,232430,26130125,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,ladyshenston,I finished this game in a couple of hours! Nothing really happened and it was not testing in anyway!! Really dissapointing!
,Not Recommended,232430,22908078,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Jeffosaurus Rex,Garbage.
,Recommended,232430,1364121,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,mint,"I -really- liked this game. A lot. Maybe that's partly because pretty much all the themes/music are directly down my alley, but it's a great game too. Nerds that hate 'experience-focused' kinds of games (or short ones) need not apply. The price might seem steep for a 2-3 hour game but I think of it as a movie I'd easily buy to keep. And i'd gladly put my money towards more games like this."
,Recommended,232430,9127567,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,ants in my eyes johnson,"A beautiful, yet misleading story. shows the sorrows of growing up and the ignorance of people. its very relaxing and a sad, yet linear game.highly recommended. im not sure why these people dont seem to care for it."
,Recommended,232430,20028159,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Tryden,"Great story-telling and some of the best voice acting I've heard in a game in a while. What Gone Home does really well is it creates an authentic, believable teen romance — something you don't really find in a lot of big studio titles. The 90's nostalgia is an added bonus.It's pretty short (~2 hours or so), so you should probably wait till it goes on sale to buy it.Also, if you're wondering about negative reviews, probably should take them with a grain of salt. This game has a female protagonist with a bunch of LGBT themes. Guess who it's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off."
,Recommended,232430,26208608,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Dice-Crow,Short but sweet.I played Gone Home without knowing anything about the story beforehand. Since as the time of writing i thought it was october i was expecting a horror game. Instead I got roughly two hours of a heartfelt and well crafted story.I had gotten it on sale a while back so sale would be a fine time go get it if the price seems a bit high for you but in my opinion as I greatly identified with the characters and themes of the story I would pay full price gladly. And as a bonus note I enjoyed the soundtrack and find it great study music.
,Recommended,232430,17438569,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,jason moyer,"More interactive than 99% of the games people play on Steam, somehow not a videogame.  Also not sure why the Gamergate jocks hate it so much, but they're borderline ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ anyway."
,Not Recommended,232430,23318278,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,The Moon,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxaPmQUlWOUtl;dr: The ending was horrible, and the main character never had to overcome anything to achieve it. The story as a whole isn\'t any better than an old Japanese comic book from the \'70s. The idea that Gone Home\'s ♥♥♥♥♥♥ writing should get a pass because girl x girl is ridiculous since many much better stories already exist in the Yuri genre. Your time and money would be better spent with those instead."
76561198019975879,Not Recommended,232430,16768919,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ShadowKenzie,"Gone home is a walkthrough game where you are investigating why your family home is empty when you randomly drop by to visit. It initially seems a little creepy and interesting. The graphics are pretty. There are a few hidden rooms etc. Really you walk around finding objects/notes that give you a voice over from your sister. It gets very dull very quickly with no indepth story, really. I end is a pretty big let down. Its a nice house to walk around......."
76561197976615963,Recommended,232430,12798175,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Irene Ryan,"This is a storytelling experience. If you don't want that don't buy it, and don't bellyache about it like a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,232430,12798507,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,bluephantom529,This game isn't what I expected. Actually I am not sure what I expected but it is an interesting game for sure. I thought it was short. It took me about an hour and a half to run through it. I probably missed some things and will most likely play it again to see what I missed. I recommend this game. It is worth a play through.
,Recommended,232430,31677643,Posted: 10 May,all,Borth Sampson,"For decades different devs spanning different games and different genres  have been playing around with a particualr way to tell a story. My favorite way games can tell a story.Immersive environmental narrative.I'm not going to say ""YOU'VE NEVER PLAYED ANYTHING LIKE IT"" because you have. You've played Bioshock, you've played Fallout, you've played Half-life. You've played a myriad of games where story can be gleamed directly from the  interaction of the environment around you. But instead of interacting only through violence, what if instead you just...interacted?"
,Recommended,232430,12795977,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ethansucks,"I can't believe I waited this long to play Gone Home.  Sure, I completed it in one evening with some time to spare, but the story has really stuck in my head since.  The atmosphere is fantastic -- the house is incredibly spooky and the story behind the house was incredibly intriguing and made even creepier by the rain/thunder/darkness.  I was completely enthralled with this game from beginning to end.  Don't forget to play all of the tapes you find around, especially the Heavens to Betsy casettes (Corin Tucker of Sleater-Kinney fame's band from early/mid 1990s).I'm glad to see how much hype Gone Home has received -- it's well worth it and I hope they continue to make games like this.  There's so much going on in just a couple hours worth of gameplay, but it comes together so well without forcing every problem to have a solution (much like real life!).  Having a strong female AND LGBT lead is such a big deal, I really applaud Fullbright for everything they've done here."
76561198017122754,Recommended,232430,12700606,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Steeley Sniper,"I loved Gone Home. It's a really engaging story told from a perspective that we hardly ever hear from, presented on a medium that makes it easier to ""jump in"" the narrative. It was a great representation of an underrepresented story and did a great job of portraying all of its characters thoughtfully, even though we never see any of them on the screen. Gone Home plays like an investigation conducted by a bona fide detective, because that's precisely what it is. Its appeal rests entirely on the player's curiosity about the stories held in this empty house. Also, 90s throwbacks--hell yeah. (Would've been nice if Destiny's Child had made an appearance, though. haha.)"
,Recommended,232430,9915476,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Miss Pavlichenko,"overpriced, but still really good and i cried at the end. stay mad, neckbeards."
,Recommended,232430,8553541,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,#respect women,"Gone Home executes on its ambitions flawlessly. The things in the Greenbriars' home take on an emotional heft as you come to understand the stories they tell, and although they're absent, you feel the presence of the Greenbriars all around you. Gone Home is an important game because it does something games rarely do: it tells a believable story, grounded in the real world, that focuses on women and treats all of its characters, women and men alike, as complex individuals. But the reason to play Gone Home is not for its importance. It's for the elegance with which its tale is constructed and communicated, and the captivating way that it makes you an active participant in peeling back the layers of one family's ordinary lives as their home tells you their stories. Like many of our own memories, those stories cut deep."
,Recommended,232430,14826852,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,MommaFae,"Great atmosphere, lot of stuff to explore...the plot is a bit predictable, but still worth a play thru. Not sure there's much replay value, though..."
,Recommended,232430,16471695,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Asaki,"I must have been under some rock when the ""hype train"" rolled through, so I have no idea what all of the fuss is about.Back in the early 90s, I thought Myst was a pretty cool ""game"" (even though you could beat it in two minutes if you knew how *cough* *cough*), and I've enjoyed similar products, like the Shivers series, and the ICOM MacVentures, so I didn't hesitate to snatch this up during a sale.Gone Home did not disappoint me at all, I got exactly what I was hoping for. The only part of the game that really bothered me was that, like in Jurassic Park: Trespasser, you're guided through the game by a magical narrator who isn't actually there. I played for quite some time before I realized that I wasn't playing as Samantha, who was narrating, but her sister, Kaitlin. Maybe I just wasn't paying enough attention."
,Recommended,232430,12319837,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,~b,good video game. good video game. good graphics. good gameplay. good story. good replay value. good video game. good video game. good video game. good video game.
,Recommended,232430,14585344,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,merauder,"Fist off.. this is a game.  There is no ""winning"" .  There is a clear end to it, but it is an interactive story.  I really enjoyed being part of it though I feel it is far too short.  There should have been either more to do, or more story.  I completed it in less than 1.5 hours.  :(  I got it on sale luckily or may have been very upset by the dollar to hour ratio.ProsAn enjoyable narrative.Good atmosphereConsFar too short. (Completed in less than 90 minutes)Possible to easliy bypass much of the story accidentaly."
,Recommended,232430,12942074,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,SirTashingdon,"My initial perception of Gone Home as a horror game was quickly proved wrong as I delved into this emotional, beautiful story. A wonderful experience, I highly recommend it."
76561198098012382,Recommended,232430,33919439,Posted: 30 July,all,MintsTasteGood,"I know I'm late to this train, but wow, this is a really good game."
,Recommended,232430,17482462,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Vile Panda,"Despite this being a pretty short game it still managed to get me completely invested in the characters. Great atmosphere and great story telling. Would recommend to anyone looking for a unique story driven game, I was on the edge of my seat by the end."
,Recommended,232430,7775857,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,[CPCFF]Big_Adam,"Gone Home.Its short. Its expensive.So, it should be rubbish, and depending how much you put into it, it is. Gone Home rewards exporation, checking every corner, reading every note, playing every tape.If you enjoyed Dear Esther, then you'll enjoy Gone Home.Its about 2 hours in total, there is no combat, just exploration and uncovering a story."
76561198045037737,Recommended,232430,25809922,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Horny Pancake,"Definelty one of my favorite games! This game is short(2-3 hours depending on how much you search around the house). But it is a great mystery and love story, it has a very creepy feeling while you're playing, but no jump scares occur(which is kinda nice). If you like exploring and mystery, this game is for you."
76561198154010418,Not Recommended,232430,34341882,Posted: 18 August,all,will.barrows,"This is not a 'game' in the normal sense.  It's an un-directed story.  You're free to wander around.  There are puzzles.  Nothing dramatic happens.When I reached the end, I did not feel any sense of achievement.  It became obvious to me pretty quickly why the house was deserted.  And did I care? Was I bothered by it?Don't play this if you are depressed."
,Recommended,232430,7964399,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,bob a feet,Very engrossing short story narrative.  I really enjoyed it.
76561198046705175,Not Recommended,232430,28555325,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Zhyppers,"Do not buy, even if on sale.Little to no story, no suspense, and no purpose other than trying to prove an already established point by emotionalistic argument. The battle is over; go home.The game was tagged as narration, and let me tell you - it fits some type of narrative. It feels like a social advocacy message pushed into a game... much like when Scruff McGruff tells you to take a bite out of crime or Eddie Eagle tells you to not touch a gun. It has that nice little flair of watching cartoons in your elementary classroom, but it doesn't feel like the Rugrats or the Ren and Stimpy you know and love, and I'm sure you know exactly how empty you felt when those awareness cartoons seemed to drill a point rather than engage an audience, and that's exactly what this game did.With that said, this review has more 90's in it than this game."
76561197993304116,Recommended,232430,23834283,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,tj.mortimer,I recommend this game more than any other I've picked up in a Steam Sale! Everyone should experience this.
,Recommended,232430,24642752,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Ytrew,"This game is awesome in it's simplicity and incredible story.I started to play while I was updating an other application but here I am: 5 hours later I finished the game without being able to stop it.If you're curious, like to investigate secrets and analyse human psychology and personalities, play this game full of surprise with an unstopable suspensfull and deep story. This is like porn for the brain. Sound fx and music makes it sometimes creepy, sometimes nostalgic, you'll find yourself feeling feer and crouching around the walls like in an horror action game even if it's not at all.Worth my 4 $ so much!!!If you hate reading and used to press enter until the end of dialogues on old RPGs, maybe this is not for you as you won enjoy the deepness of this story and how touching it is without reading and looking all around the place.Try and enjoy."
76561198018589800,Not Recommended,232430,35215806,Posted: 25 September,all,Ali Bombastic,"Great atmosphere, Horrible story"
,Not Recommended,232430,8544284,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Caz,"This game is awful and I really feel terrible about purchasing it. The writing is on par with twilight, and it's incredibly short. Wasn't worth full price, probably wouldn't be worth $5. There's absolute zero replay value, and beyond the interactivity with the environment, it lacks any depth as well. Probably the most praised part of the game, the 'experience' of the story is actually quite boring. Would not recommend. Would go back in a time travelling machine and go back to ten seconds before clicking my purchase."
76561197977408710,Not Recommended,232430,10876209,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hooker Spit Soup,Short game about nothing. Waste your money on cheeseburgers. -1/10
,Recommended,232430,10891755,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Dhoomdealer,"Wow. Just finished Gone Home and it is excellent. Short, but tells a great story."
76561197983688965,Not Recommended,232430,11496142,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Apn,"yeah dont buy thisworst 60mins of my life, i finished the game. found all secret areas and lore related trash. its basically a first person point and click. but rather than solving anything you have to read boring notes that tell you were things are hidden. theres no porno no violence no repay value, it hurts like a bad novel"
76561198037246303,Recommended,232430,10606406,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Axim,"A friend recommended this game to me and I am glad he did. The game's atmosphere is distinct and fits the game and it's story. It is not a long game, and would recommend to play it in one sitting. It is not a game for everyone, and I believe many could find it quite boring, however I did not."
76561197997361050,Recommended,232430,10630300,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Aydex,"Very immersive and atmosperic game with good music and a sweet story. Captures the feeling of living in the ninetees with eerie detail. Only drawback for me personally was the how predictable i found the story, and i think there are alternatives to the ending that would make the game even more rememberable. Despite this, i would say the game is worth it and i can recommend it to anyone who wants to take a couple hours break from the more standard games and enjoy something different."
,Recommended,232430,14589851,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Diebrot,I ended up crying... nice!
,Recommended,232430,12477027,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Grey5toke,"Have not experienced anything quite like this in gaming. If most games are novels, this little gem is a wonderful little poem."
,Recommended,232430,12482598,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Kikiri,"this game was very short, but i did injoy it.I liked the feel of it, i think it looked great, i even found it a little creepy at parts.that being said, i do not think its worth the full price $21.99 Canadian.I say wait for a good sale, and just have fun exploring.Note: I would love to see The Fullbright Company make a horror/scary game :D"
,Recommended,232430,12466051,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,packratgirl,This game was absoultely wonderful. I had a blast playing it and was on edge the entire time. Definitely recommend it.
,Recommended,232430,12977216,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Spotty,One of the most beautiful games I've ever played. Sam's story really touched my soul.
76561198019213078,Not Recommended,232430,29075709,Posted: 6 January,all,Archimeus,"This was advertized as a creepy horror game.  There was a dead end plot about a creepy Uncle hanting in which a couple teenage girls get emotionally attached to the ghost of a possible sex predator.  There were some things about the mother getting a promotion for environmental stuff and a father making a comback with his crapy JFK alien conspiracy books who may have been a victom of the creepy uncle.  But the real main part of the game is an overly dramatic late teenage lesbian love story.  Lame, disgusting, false advertizing.  Social justice / environmentalism propaganda.  Glad I got this on sale."
,Recommended,232430,11734062,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,＠ｐｉｒｓ,Beautiful.
,Recommended,232430,16347786,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,SlyNic,"Awesome level design, and the developer commentary is great!"
,Recommended,232430,12973252,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,White Samurai,"This was a wonderful game...If thats what you want to call it, it spoke rather well with me. The story was wonderful and the happy ending was beyond great. I cant comprehend what ""Sam"" was feeling or her will to a forbidden love but i understand and im glad. The way the game is told is wonderful, it really is a great game. It might be short but it was worth all the effort."
,Recommended,232430,7797663,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Erwin Hummdinger,"This game is fantastic, but short.  Buy it if it's on sale, as it's not worth $20."
,Recommended,232430,26485711,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,wayneJK,"Atmospheric, relatively brief, and touching narrative delivered in game form -- played in first person without weapons, bad guys, or concrete objectives even. I would imagine this story would unfold a little differently for each player as they gradually uncover the mystery of this empty house, and solve the handful of straightforward puzzles along the way. This is really more about uncovering a story than it is about gameplay, and because of that still manages to be compelling in ways that many games cannot."
76561197972573973,Recommended,232430,12281006,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,PuttyGod,"Spoiler Alert:Nobody's HomePros:A) Compelling investigation of a sympathetic girl and her journey and experiences through High School, but more importantly, womanhood and self-discovery. (AKA: Lots of Reading)B) Flawless, uncompelling, vanilla control scheme (AKA: The Walking Controls Work)Cons:A) Compelling investigation of - (Lots of Reading)B) Flawless, uncomp - (The Walking Controls Work)- Said Walking Controls are the only controls... Except for the ""Start and Stop Reading"" ControlsSummary: Good game in which you practice the art of a 21st Century Creeper, walking around and reading the diary entries of a Tweenage girl. Occasionally you pick things up, because you can, and you may observe said things to occasionally find creeper souvenirs, such as hair left on a girl's brush.Take from that what you will.Just know that all you do is walk around, hit buttons, open doors, and READ. YET, it's still a memorable experience that I would recommend to almost everybody. Unless you have a personality disorder, particularly sociopathy.Score: 4.5 Hampsters out of Bible Stories"
76561198099742160,Not Recommended,232430,14431873,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,VoidWalker,Lesbian simulator 2015. 1/10
76561197994298061,Recommended,232430,24323994,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Mert,More like no one is home amiright?
,Recommended,232430,9147389,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,rogermorse@tablet,"This game is a masterpiece. Obviously at least half of the people who played missed a lot of details and subplots.The game touches very serious matters, in a very clever and poetic way. It is not only exploration or nostalgia, it is something much bigger and difficult to understand and interpret.It is obviously NOT for people who only want to have fun and shoot monsters. If you played Dear Esther, it is of the same meditating kind but more concrete and developed. I personally like this much more because not only creates the mistery but solves it too, leaving enough space to own imagination and acceptation.4 Hours to explore every square inch of the map and read every little piece of paper.Absolutely not to miss this one. 96/100LITTLE EDIT****** : obviously, who plays the game without the needed attention, the game will be as a result a very normal banal almost boring expierience of the 90s and adolescence and bla bla stuff here and there. NO. It is much much more than that, if you look carefully. And yes, I agree that the price is still high. It has in 4 hours much more content than every call of duty or crysis put together, but 19 euros could still be a bit too much. Got it on offer for around 6 euros and don't regret a cent."
76561198330339551,Recommended,232430,31779713,Posted: 15 May,all,lephouque,"This game cured my cancer, I would give it a 10/10."
,Recommended,232430,12942200,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,PonyTales,short and sweet and heartwarming with a great soundtrack. at they end they thank their cats; its my kind of game
76561198074243115,Not Recommended,232430,29513120,Posted: 26 January,all,scmeyer,"Hidden object game with hidden agenda.  If picking up scraps of paper, and homoerotic teen angst is your thing, then look no further!"
76561198263326901,Recommended,232430,34201129,Posted: 12 August,all,irichmond,"A GREAT INTRODUCTION TO ADVENTURE GAMESThis game is well done, but easy.  The concept is very simple.  You've come home from your trip to Europe and nobody seems to be there.  There's clues all over the house about what might have happened.  Most of the game is just wandering around the house looking at ordinary household objects trying to find clues.  One thing I like about it is that you can interact with most household objects, down to your little sister's empty pizza boxes.  So, you have to actually think about what objects are important and what ones aren't.  Some games will only let you click on important objects, so this is a refreshing change.The game has a good story and I enjoyed playing it.  However, it's fairly short and I found it fairly easy.  I think this would be a great introduction to adventure games for anyone who wants to pick them up or just see what all the fuss is about.  It's much easier even than Myst I, which some people found relatively easy, so it's definitely beginner level.  I think it will give people new to the genre a great sense of how the game play typically works, though this particular game has relatively simple game play compared to some I've played.One thing I did like quite well is that the problem solving is logical.  There are some adventure games I've played where the solutions to the problems were simply not logical.  I'd tear my hair out trying to figure out the answer only to find out that the game designers had just put together a stupid problem with a non-sensical solution.  This game had very logical solutions, however, which is real good.One thing I like about it, as I do with many adventure games, is that it's non-violence based.  If you'd rather avoid violence in your games and particularly dislike the ""you have to kill them just cos... well... they're 'bad guys'..."" type violence, this is definitely for you.  The problem solving is just cerebral.  There's no manual dexterity involved.  The story, which you interact with through finding objects around the house, is mostly relationship and character driven rather than just ""good guys"" fighting ""bad guys"" for no particularly good reason.My advice is that if you can get this game at a significant discount (like I did), you'll probably have a great time with it while it lasts.  But I wouldn't pay full price, just because it's much shorter than most adventure games (think maybe one age of one of the Myst games).Overall, though, I think it's quite enjoyable and, since I got it at a really huge discount here on Steam, I didn't mind how short it was."
,Recommended,232430,24531289,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,danimals,me likey
,Recommended,232430,8713779,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,SlyLV,"Gone Home is a game that wants to tell you a story and does so with such ease that you feel invested in it from the first journal entry till the last. In gone home you play as Kaitlin Greenbriar returning home after being abroad in Europe to find your house empty and your parents and sister Sam missing. Your goal is to solve the mystery of where your family has mysteriously disappeared to.The main and only objective of the game is to search the empty house for clues, and as you find them Sam will tell a story in the form of journals entries. The game is set in a house in the year 1995 and The Fullbright Company does the era justice from finding cassettes to VHS tapes littered around the house. What makes gone home so special though is the storytelling.In my two hour play through I felt so many different emotions that in any other form of entertainment would not have been possible. From scared, sad, nervous, and much more I can honestly say a game has never encouraged me to feel so much. If your looking for a game packed with action and fighting bad guys this game is most certainly not for you, but if your interested in one of the best stories I've experienced in recent memory this game is a must buy."
76561198079747447,Recommended,232430,13581089,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,*AutisticScreeching*,"Excelent game. Very unique, but only play if you like story based games as there is no combat or anything like that."
,Not Recommended,232430,30364573,Posted: 6 March,all,Red Terror,If you can get it on sale it is ok but it isnt worth it.  I beat the game in my first playthrough in 30 minutes or less. Would not recommend.
,Not Recommended,232430,9002996,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Deer Deity,"GOTY material? No, not even close. For a far better and more rewarding experience, check out The Stanley Parable. Gone Home felt like such a waste of time to me and I liked Dear Esther so I'm not just some 12-year old jacked up on energy drinks and wanting COD clones, but a worthwhile experience and occasionally a game that isn't afraid to take chances.Gone Home however, failed to me to be interesting and by the end I felt like I had been cheated. Far too short and very forgettable unlike the wonderful Stanley Parable or TFOL which are in a similar genre of this game and are undoubtedly more worth your time."
,Not Recommended,232430,24628078,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,jet420,"""Fool me once, shame on — shame on you. Fool me — you can't get fooled again""George W. Bush"
76561198042808601,Recommended,232430,34908829,Posted: 12 September,all,Брайан Коупленд,Awesome game considering how short it is! I'd definitely wait until it's on sale though!Good game to give your hard working graphics card a break!
,Recommended,232430,8698383,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,remilia irl,"Guarenteed to hit your feelings hard, this game delivers a fair story and is fairly deep, what a lot of people don't realize is that calling this a game is innacurate, DO NOT GO INTO THIS LIKE IT'S A GAME. THIS IS A STORYBOOK."
,Recommended,232430,7936156,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,DrummerX7,"'Gone Home' is more experiance than game. A trail of bread crumbs detailing the story of a family, mainly your sister, and it keeps you guessing on how it'll end right up until you finish the extremely polished and very well thought out storyline. The subject of the main plotline is one that is generally avoided and not something I've encountered in many games, especially in the very real and touching manner Gone Home portrays it and the game's creators should be applauded for their work.Many studios aim to make their games real art, and ultimately fail. The products, while ""artistic"", are generally not very enjoyable. 'Gone Home' gets everything right with some humor, a creepy atmosphere, cool soundtrack and a tag along ghost story. The simple controls are fluid and responsive, and the house is intricately detailed. You'll feel an actual sense of loneliness as you venture through this large empty home in the woods, picking through your familys things, digging for clues as to what in hell is going on. And you'll very quickly feel connected to the characters and the experiances you'll learn they've been dealing with. My only complaint is I wish there were more, but I ultimately felt the game played out and ended very well.I hope to see some more great work from this team in the future, in the meantime I'll definitely play through this one again soon."
,Recommended,232430,7899154,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,C.Mongler,"Before I even say anything about this game I have to note a few things: one, this is not a game, it's in an interactive story. There's no goal or real sense of progression, and you would probably get the same experience just watching someone play it. Second, it IS NOT worth the standard asking price of $19.99. You may be able to fill out two hours of your time here if you explore every single possible thing you could, but even then it's probably going to fall short of that. I'm satisfied with the $4.99 sale price I paid, however. Third, the story this game offers is not going to appeal to everyone. Honestly I think the best type of player for this game is someone who is open minded, in their twenties or older who no longer permanently lives with their parents, and with a mostly ""normal"" family life with a mother, father, and some siblings. I fall into that category personally, so the game really resonated with me, but I could totally see how for others this game might seem really boring or hard to relate to.As for the Gone Home itself, the story it presents is quite good, quite moving, and overall very beautifully done. Towards the end I honestly started to tear up, and not many games really strike that sort of emotional response from me. I really don’t want to talk about the story at all, besides you are a young woman coming home from a long stint in Europe finding bits of your sister’s memories scattered around your old house. If I say much more than that it will ruin the entire point of playing the thing to begin with. Overall it’s great, I think for 5 bucks most people should give it a go, but I totally accept it’s not for everyone. My only real complaint is I wish your character walked a little faster, the snail’s pace she moves at gets kind of annoying and seems to only be in the game to lengthen the experience."
,Recommended,232430,7863303,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Dr. 7777777,Un preciosa experiencia narrativa.
,Recommended,232430,30257125,Posted: 1 March,all,gematriadown,"Game is super good, if you wanna have a good 2/3 hours just buy this game right now.I had a gamebreaking bug though: I saved and exited the game, and when I tried to play it again it would just crash as soon as it loaded the save point. Had to watch the end on youtube :/ but it was a really good game.10/10 would cry again."
76561198006657755,Not Recommended,232430,20492743,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Jackyboy,RUINOUS SPOILERS:There is no ghost. Your lesbian sister ran away with her gf. There I just saved you time and money.
,Recommended,232430,8388311,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Lymanity,"This is a hard recommend partially because this game feels personal to me.If you are a child of the 90's then I feel you might enjoy this game. I say you might enjoy it because this isn't a game for everyone. The referential material was definitely a bonus for me, but it's an exploration game. The object interaction is very detailed and you really feel like you're rifling through someone's stuff. I like the ambient music as well as the riot grrrl tracks.All in all, this game was great to me. I can't say that you'll feel the same way, but if you want a game that will reach out and touch you emotionally this is an apt suggestion."
,Recommended,232430,23857383,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sw33tie,Great story-telling.
,Recommended,232430,24627753,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,acmartin2,"The first time I actually felt video games had become art. I spent hours walking the house while listening to Riot Girrrl mix tapes looking, discovering my families little secrets. An amazing experience not to be missed. Do not let the simple graphics and mechanics discourage you.One tip, do not rush through the main quest. Take your time, savor every little secret you discover. absorb the eerie atmosphere. Soon this house, these characters will become you and the main quest will become more fulfilling"
,Recommended,232430,24652870,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,KatanaMaster,Enviornmental story telling at it's best.
,Recommended,232430,7964606,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,cruton man!,"Pretty good, a bit too expensive. Not quite worth it at current price. Wait for it to go on sale."
,Not Recommended,232430,28623488,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SUSHi,I mean cool game and all but really I beat this in 55minutes. Luckily I bought it on sale and didnt pay full price!
76561198052983021,Recommended,232430,8050717,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,jvgocavs_2000,"Engrosing story, couldn't take myself away from the game until I finished, which only takes about 3 hours.   Just exploration and story, but the house you explore feels so real (especially if you remember the 90ies), and wow what a story,  Indie game of 2013."
,Not Recommended,232430,9774102,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Trump 2016,"Took me an hour to complete the whole ""game"" and it is not worth the price. Actually, it should just be free. You spend an hour to find out your sister turned lesbian and run away to find her girlfriend who ditched the army, you're mom is off running around with some man, and your dad is out drunk. It is nothing more than some hidden pro-gay propaganda piece hidden in the guies of an adventure game. If it wasn't for that, I'm sure this game would of not gotten the attection it did. The story is your generic highschool love story, the game's graphics are bland, and the engine loves to jutter for no reason. I had avoided reading the reviews because of spoilers, now I wish I hadn't. It is not revelatory, the greatest love story ever told, or whatever these review sites have dubbed it. This is one of those two bit wattpad love stories set to pritty pictures. Save yourself some rage and buy a game worth buying, unless you like half-baked stories about ignorant high schoolers."
,Recommended,232430,14402504,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Just A Sweaty Transvetty,Best walking simulator I've ever played. 10/10
,Recommended,232430,14439993,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,TopoPollo,"It's a very interesting discover-the-story-yourself type of game with a lot of 90's pop culture references, excellent narrative and mature vibe. Definitely worth playing. And God it's a big house."
,Recommended,232430,14454494,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Anacarnil,"Rain and thunders are the only guests at your ""welcome back party"". In a perfect ""American horror story"" setting, your new house is the only place you'll explore.Searching for the fate of your parents, and your sister, developers decided to haunt you with a not-so-placid-environment. And the BIG surprise is just behind the corner in this interactive narrative adventure. (Is it really?)9/10"
,Recommended,232430,11424543,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,conski42,"5/5 Would play again, an interesting story, would however not recommend paying more than 5e for it as it is quite short (2hours approx)"
76561198030250183,Not Recommended,232430,16972754,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Rot,"Helped dismantal the patriarchy by running around a Scooby Doo mansion for an hour searching for my sister's lost mixtapes.4/10, I can think of better ways to get my spook on."
76561198138277157,Not Recommended,232430,24640530,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,thuvicious,"I read the reviews and told myself ' If it's on sale , I will get it.' My mistake. You are a woman returning home remebering her lesbian teenage lover. The whole game is you being a lesbian and remembering your lesbian love. It get's , well, obvious. This isn't a debate, just a heads up. It seems to be agenda driven to me. This is the story of the, not all."
76561198262714754,Not Recommended,232430,24149929,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,LaraCorft,"I loved it at first because the mystery of the empty house was entriguing, and there was a horror/supernatural element to the atmosphere that made me think the game was going a completely different direction. More and more dysfunction in the family started to be revealed as I played and I honestly thought it was building up to something huge. But then it... didn't. The ending of the game leaves so many questions unanswered and so much to be desired that I'm actually pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I can't get my $20 back. And what's worse is that by the time things really started moving in the plot, I finished the game in about an hour and a half.Don't waste your money."
,Recommended,232430,16769601,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Jeff Goldblum,The ending gave me the feels.
,Recommended,232430,16769887,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ByemanMK,10/10 would get spooked by lightbulb and carry the crusifix through the entire game agian.
,Recommended,232430,10636026,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Altair1293,"This game captures what so many books, movies and other ""games"" try to, but fall short of acheiving. By far this is one of my top favorite storylines in a game. Do yourself a favor and pay attention to EVERY detail. Everything is in the game for a reason and there's more than just the one obvious storyline. There's the storylines of almost every member of the family hidden in plain sight."
,Recommended,232430,10592173,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,DJ Cait and Switch,atmosphere and charm rolled into a meditative point-and-click and i loved every minute of it
76561198066391254,Recommended,232430,10590970,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Thunderball,"More of an experiment in interactive storytelling then an actual game. It proves that complex characters can be created without a hint of a cutscene or (in the case of three of the four family members) a voice over. The mystery that drives the player forward focuses mostly on your missing sister. That story is fairly standard and without surprises, however it deals with mature issues and handles them well and with respect. However it is the parents story that was the highlight for me. The parents are more complicated, nuanced, and in the case of the Father in particular - both sad and redemptive.For the right price, it's worth playing through to see how this experiment in story plays out. Approaching it expecting anything other then an interactive story could lead to negative reviews from frustrating players. Also, be warned that the story does focus on mature subject matter (and by mature I mean it literally, not in the M rated content that populates the games of the last couple of generations) and as a result young players will likely not be able to relate to what is presented here and find the whole exercise rather boring. Again that isn't the result of poor writing or a bad story, but simply due to the fact that 14 year olds aren't going to relate to a game that takes place before they were born, has references to the X-Files, and deals with a marriage in a slump and a teenage girl finding and experiencing love.However for the right audience, the game will resonate deeply and create a lasting impression. A truly unique game that stands well apart from pretty much everything else out on the market. A great experience, if not a great game."
,Recommended,232430,10621287,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Epik Bonzo,Not a horror game although it could've made a nice one. Interesting story and gameplay that you don't see often and was a good experience in my mind.
76561198040418015,Recommended,232430,10619864,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Jenna,"Very short game, but well made. Makes you feel like theres something lurking. A trick of the mind."
76561198101364465,Not Recommended,232430,16009973,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Bernard,I don't see the need for a 2 hour 90's simulator when I can just watch VH1
,Recommended,232430,10454965,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Manic Velocity,"Gone Home is not a game, but an experience.  And an emotional one at that, if you allow it to be.  You walk in Katie's shoes but you soon find yourself in Sam's, if only by proxy.  The story is told in an odd but intriguing way, and is so wonderfully realized that I could easily imagine this being picked from a real-life journal.  It just feels real.The 90's ""grunge"" vibe did an amazing job of taking me back to my own childhood.  I think that had a hand in making the experience so relatable.  I wonder if any younger gamers who weren't around back then would really be able to appreciate it.Gone Home perfectly captures all the subtle aspects of growing up.  The confusion, the angst, the loneliness, the joy, and more confusion.  This is not a game.  It's a coming-of-age story.There are a few other sub-plots that are hinted at, but they are not crucial.  Where the main story is eventually laid out in plain sight, these side-stories can easily be pieced together without much effort.Gone Home plays similarly to Dear Esther.  There's not much to do in either game but explore the surrounding relics, and allow their threads to weave the tapestry around you.  Sit back and relax.  Turn out the lights, and put on your headphones.There is nothing complex or challenging here, and that's ok.  Enjoy the ride."
76561198036862282,Recommended,232430,16468836,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Capt. Graves,"I Loved the ever evolving story of the protagonists sister Sam and her relationship it really hooked me in the atmosphere is great, dark and quiet just like it would be if you was alone in your house at night. you must search everywhere and i mean everwhere for clues to locker combinations and to progress through the story. overall it is a short game taking me 90 minutes to complete but as its on the summer deals im not complaining as i only paid 1.79 for it. i can see how people were disapointed with the ending but its realistic isnt it you expect something terible to have happened but its really just your mind, the damn thunder was annoying though ahah and the creaking floorboards that randomly creaked when you left a room.do i recommend this game ? for 1.79 hell yes i do its a great story that will have you hooked for abour an hour and 20 mins just buy it and experience it please"
76561197965757471,Recommended,232430,10283738,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,DocWalley,"Thoroughly enjoyed. Not much in the way of a game per se, but a very well-realized environment, a story that kept me interested to the end, and a very good presentation that never got in the way. Looking forward to playing more like this."
,Recommended,232430,8565717,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,WaddleJrJr,"One of the greatest games I have ever played in my life.  A true artistic materpiece, starting from the very moment when the player is thrown into the outstandingly convenyed enviroment.  Absolutle beauty."
76561198002792270,Recommended,232430,10293917,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,CuteLittleBoy69,Beautiful story.The gameplay is limiting but it has a lovely story. It's more of an interactive novel than a game but worth a buy.
,Recommended,232430,10294677,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,ezpzlink,"Its an experience that can be related to on many levels. Though it has a short story ending in just over two hours, It takes you on an emotional adventure. Though some may say it isn't a real game, that it should have been longer, that the story is weak and void of adventre (as said by a friend) It proves to be an outstanding experience. In my opinion a game is not made by the features, the graphics, or some other third thing. It is made by the story it tells and in Gone Home if you truly look at all the peices of the puzzle and put them together, you get a story that makes you feel something that no other game could. That is why I give this game a 10/10, It is my game of the year and I encourage you to play it and look closely at it and experience all it has to offer from just two hours of gameplay. The story dosen't have to be long to be good it just has to move you."
,Not Recommended,232430,14863138,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,evgenromin,I don't know why everyone loves that game and why this game - The Best Indie Game...
,Recommended,232430,1984462,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Walmammal,The house is deserted! And it's dark! And the lights are flickering! And the owner died under mysterious circumstances! And where is everybody? And it's lightning storm outside! What secrets will the locked basement hold? What jumps scared await behind another door? The tension is almost palpable! Oh the humanity< you've got to try it youve got to it will shake you to the core the cia and kgb and kennedy and the forest fire and lonnie sam why oh why so alon so alon--
76561198040827141,Recommended,232430,9127907,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Primeox,Gone Home is an experience unlike anything else that I've ever played. The story of the game is emotionally driven by terrifc voice acting and story telling and really needs to be played to be believed. I reccomend this for anyone who is searching for more than a mindless shooter and dive into Gone Home as it's something that's hard to forget.
,Recommended,232430,8543246,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,KingTorm,"This isn't a normal game, there is not much gameplay to speak of, no weapons, no enemies, and no final boss. But beside all of that this turned out to be not only one of the best games I have ever played but also one of the most emotional games I've ever played. I can't really go into any details about the story since that is the whole point of the game, the most I can say is that you play as a woman coming home for the summer to her family's new house and hve to figure out what happened to her family.Be warned, this game has about 2-3 hours of gameplay, keep that in mind before you buy it. This game is amazing and I suggest it to anyone who loves story driven games."
,Recommended,232430,9025921,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Bold Impression,"“...Between the windows and walls,The floor to the ceiling,The doorways and halls,Always revealingWhat we really love the most.Our hearts are exposedBetween our windows and walls…”-- from the song “Windows and Walls” by Mark HarrisEven though these lyrics are from a song I have not listened to in years, they were front and center in my mind as I played Gone Home. While I knew what these lyrics werer trying to say even back when I was young, after playing Gone Home, I now completely understand their meaning. I can’t think of any better way to sum up what The FullBright Company set out to explore in Gone Home--that our home is where we keep what’s in our hearts.Gone Home is a mystery/exploration interactive story. The player is Katie Greenbriar, a young woman returning from an extended trip in Europe to find her family missing. To solve the mystery, the player must explore the house and search through what has been left behind to figure out where everyone has gone. How much the story progresses is completely up to how much you wish to absorb from your environment. You don’t need to pick up every single highlighter and coffee mug in the house to complete the game, but players who rummage around will unlock more of its secrets and get a better glimpse into the lives of the people who have lived there.The main plot centers around Sam, Katie’s younger sister, but there are other people you can learn about by exploring the house, such as Katie’s father and mother. Surprisingly, there is so little information present about Katie herself that it almost feels as though the player is a complete stranger in the house. I actually find this better, as it allowed me let my own thoughts and emotions shape the experience, instead of relying on another character’s to guide me.Personally, I love Gone Home’s gameplay. I am quite the explorer when it comes to video games, and I would have rummaged through every inch of this house even if doing so was not an essential part of the game...but I understand that some people will see this as a flaw. Players expecting more of an evenly paced and structured story may be left in the dark by having to pick up the pieces and arrange them without assistance.There are only a couple of complaints I have about Gone Home. The first has to do with sound. While sounds made by moving things around in the house are fine, the “thunder” outside doesn’t sound like any thunder I’ve ever heard. I was so engrossed in exploring the house, it constantly made me jump, sounding more like someone knocking something over inside the house. The music (if you elect to listen to it) is also terrible, but this game takes place the 90s so that kind of works.My only other complaint is that the plot ends too abruptly. This wouldn’t be so bad, but the core of this game is mostly explored in your own mind and imagination--that is, ruminating about clues and hypothesising about what has happened to everyone. At the end, I would have liked something else to chew on and take away from this experience instead of a “The End” close to the story.Other than those few personal beefs I have with Gone Home, it is still a wonderful experience. Gone Home is not for everyone--those seeking an actual “game” to play may be left somewhat cold--but for the explorers, and those who wish to dig into a story at their own pace, Gone Home offers a unique vision and experience that cannot be found anywhere else. Our home is where our heart is, as the old saying goes, but as Gone Home so beautifully illustrates, our home is also where we leave parts of our hearts behind"
76561198020880888,Recommended,232430,9036466,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,StageGeek,"This is a game that nobody should ever miss if you call yourself a serious gamer. Sure Gone Home doesn't have all the action, shooting, and epic story lines that other games offer but this game is so well written that other games should take notes from the creative minds behind this game. Don't get me wrong I love my Halos and Bioshocks but even then those games aren't as immersive as Gone Home. Here is were it gets tricky, what really classifies something as a game? Gone home is one of those games that greys out that line and I don't mind that because games like these means a better future for games overall. I think if more games employ all of Gone Home's ideas of how to create a narrative that doesn't give up and doesn't fall short for a split second, then the world would be a better place. I love story in games and it's hard for a lot of games to balance out story and gameplay it really takes you out of the moment when the write balance isn't implemented. Now Gone Home of course doesn't have the greatest gameplay ever but ultimately it's game play does suit it's storyline. Anyways i guess all in all Gone Home combines dialogue, music, sounds, atmosphere, great writing, and amazing detail to create an amazing immersive narrative. Eventually I hope other games follow in this directions beacause as video games become more clear that they are a form of art the more the world will understand us gamers. Gone Home moved me in many ways and challanged my psyche and for that I thank it."
,Recommended,232430,9132705,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Sumanji,"Don't play this as a game. Play it as a story. Take your time, and discover every detail in the plot and the environment. A truly moving experience..."
76561197961068023,Recommended,232430,10442370,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Caido,Gone Home hit me right in the feels. I'm glad to have played it.
,Recommended,232430,10513145,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,「R-B NUBBS」,"Neat story. I love the atmosphere, and the story is very well written. Despite the fact that I enjoyed this, it is not a ""game"". It's essentially an interactive story. Go into it expecting this. There are no puzzles, there are no monsters, there is only a story. But it's a damn good story in a damn good setting. If that appeals to you, get this.Price is a bit high for the length, wait for a sale like I did."
76561197997115656,Not Recommended,232430,8584890,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,deadken,Is this even a game?  Totally pointless.  Boring.
76561198009350467,Recommended,232430,9175947,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,mightynute,How much yes? Such yes.
,Recommended,232430,10285089,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Dan Houser 82 .com,"Not for the shallow or immature.Deep story, lots of atmosphere, few ""find key for door"" puzzles, and lots of emotion.If you can't appreciate this game and what it's meant to do, you either have ADD, or you're 12.Good stuff."
,Recommended,232430,10442071,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Chock Full O Salt,"10/10 ♥♥♥♥ing made me cryThis game is beautiful, but don't expect rivtening gameplay, expect an amazing story presented in a very personal way. It's incredibly well done"
76561198054262393,Recommended,232430,11042043,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Silent Velcro,"Let me start off by saying I like games that let me be a lesbian so you can understand my disappointment with this game when I discovered it was the *sister* who is the lesbian. Gah. This game totally got my hopes up and then tore them asunder. Here I am, expecting to experience that cliche coming-of-age, meet-a-girl-a-summer-camp-and-she-gives-me-a-mixtape lesbian romance only to find out I must live vicariously through my sisters's old journals.Give the people what they want! If I want to be a lesbian, then let me be a lesbian. That is why Fable 2 was so great. I could be a lesbian, marry other lesbians, AND acquire STDs. Ground-breaking. Truly.2/10-Would not listen to my sister getting eaten out again."
76561197970424727,Recommended,232430,9127788,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Ghostsmut,"I can't remember a time a game made me feel the way Gone Home did. Tobe fair, it isn't much of a game - you merely wander through an empty house and pick through the belongings, reading notes or listening to tapes. It's a wonderful experience that lasts approximately as long as an average film. Take your time though, no need to rush. Like Dear Esther the enjoyment is in savouring the experience."
76561198126562321,Recommended,232430,10088656,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,SmallPotatoes,really fun walking sim and the tension this game delivers is enjoyable but only for a single playthrough.
76561198040669612,Recommended,232430,10499771,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Finechuck Down,Honestly one of my favorite games of all time. If you like narrative focused games it's perfect. Not gonna lie I've been thinking about the whole thing again for most of the last week.
76561197961986009,Recommended,232430,10776476,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,.:f .:a .:s .:t,Got $5? Then you have a game with an ending you have never experienced before. At 5$ this game is an absolute steal. Without giving any spoliers... Would you like to experience human emotion at it's finest. Then spend the money an enjoy 3 hours of exploring your emotions and your soul.
,Recommended,232430,16749510,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Tandellin,"All these negative reviews seem to be harped on ""gameplay"". It's a story exploration game. It's not about action. This game is so deep in its intricate details. Rich graphics. Intense emotional environment. Amazing story. It brought me to tears and made me smile at the same time."
76561198145044700,Recommended,232430,18141936,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,FiviG,"I have never been more thankful of being masterfully led through a haunted house. This endearing Horror game that never was, is also one of the most poginant experiences that ever could be."
,Recommended,232430,8353336,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Saint Satan,"Quite possibly one of the greatest games I've ever played in my entire life.  Very touching and emotional and my personal pick for game of the year 2013.  Once I found the condom in the drawer I was like ""WOW WHAT A GREAT GAME"".  And that Christmas Duck I found...wow what an amazing duck.  This game made me want a duck.  I want a duck and I want a duck BADLY.  Please give me a duck.99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999/10 best game of our lifetime"
,Recommended,232430,8385345,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,BlurryLight,"This is a good game, it made me feel good.When I found out that little♥♥♥♥♥♥sam was a lasbian, I was balls deep in this game."
76561198010983327,Not Recommended,232430,13659496,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dr Nick,"This isn't a game, it's a political pamphlet. If that's your thing and you like paying someone twenty bucks to shove their political agenda down your throat, then buy this piece of garbage and knock yourself out. I hope you like patriarchy theory, because you'll be getting a lot of that."
76561198288841567,Not Recommended,232430,25470524,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Ray Smith,"The artwork is wonderful, the story is interesting but there is no game. There are no puzzles to solve. You just walk around the house and read notes."
,Recommended,232430,26409028,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Spudaloo,"A beautifully crafted and earnestly felt title. It won't take you long to play through it, but you aren't likely to forget it for a while. The nuanced storytelling and immersive atmosphere had a profound effect on me, especially approaching the end of the game."
,Recommended,232430,8445138,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,[Gamez0rse]NOtricious,this game is amazing.It's a short game but the story you are following is so good and emotional.for some reason i expected a jumpscare  but luckely it did not have any of those.if you want an nice interactive story go play this.
76561198141734583,Recommended,232430,11226136,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,jrutledge101,Wonderful game that focuses on story and player. You start off know barely anything once you start such where to go how to make things progress which allows the player to determine all of that in realistic way to how the situation would be delt with in real life. The story is one that i found to be compeling and touching without having to be ridiculess but instead real. If you are looking for something small in nature and realisticly compeling story than I would highly recomend this but I would wait for a sale the price seem a bit in my opion.
,Recommended,232430,11226535,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Snack Cake,"At the full retail price of $20, I'd be disappointed with Gone Home, given that it is only about 2 hours long. That being said, I bought it during the Steam summer sale for a very reasonable price and found it totally engrossing. It's exciting to play a game that does something totally different, and Gone Home's interactive storytelling is exactly that. Totally recommended for next time it goes on sale."
,Recommended,232430,11239783,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Ringout_Victim,"Gone Home has some problems.  The story is extremely straightforward and falls into the same category of “heartwarming” dreck as a bad Lifetime movie.  The mechanics that Gone Home uses to deliver its story are an interesting version of the Valve-styled method of ambient story-telling and there is a lot of detail put into making sure that the player understands the different motivations of the main characters through items the player finds in the game.  Unfortunately, there is no expansion on a lot of the details that would give weight to a story like this.  I was already fully invested with the main characters by the halfway point, but I don’t feel there was enough motivation given to some of the important peripheral characters in the story.  And the ending!  Oh god, the ending…I played this game in an evening sitting.  When I had finished the game, I went to sleep content with how the story ended.  Once I woke up the next morning, I immediately realized how awful the main characters had been and what they had done.  I couldn’t shake this feeling that by sympathizing with what made the characters’ struggle unique and touching, the storywriters had snuck a bomb on me with the ending.  My sympathy for the main characters was shattered.  Is this bad?  Is it bad that I immediately see what should be a simple love story and then immediately proceed to rip it apart?  Am I expecting too much from what should be a simple and effective plot?  I’m still not sure two weeks after finishing the game.Ultimately, I do recommend Gone Home in spite of my problems with the execution of its story.  It is a unique experience and games like this don’t come along often enough."
,Recommended,232430,11252190,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,illinoise,"Indie video game enthusiasts have heard many things about this game.  I definitely have been following the hype since it came out, and even more so when it enraged dudebros far and wide when it gained its accolades for an amazing story, in writing and execution.  I finally committed to making the purchase and cleared my head of the reviews.  But even so, I started the game with expectations and it still surpassed them.  It was an emotional exploration and I definitely recommend this game to anyone who appreciates a good story."
,Recommended,232430,11252466,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,jt,"Gone Home is often, rightfully, compared to Dear Esther. But where Dear Esther tells a complex story that requires some effort to decipher, Gone Home tells a story about a teenager who doesn't get along with her parents. Much of the gameplay in Gone Home is enjoyable exploration of a weird old house, and finding a lot of the interactable objects is satisfying enough. What isn't satisfying to me is both the length of the game and the story.While Dear Esther can be completed in half an hour, Gone Home takes somewhat longer, upwards of two or three hours if you aren't following a guide. That said, Gone Home feels, when you're finished, like you didn't really experience much. Like you didn't get your money's worth. This is partially due to the actual time it takes to complete the game, and partially due to the story itself. I won't spoil anything, but it's essentially a story about a teenage girl who does teenage girl things. While there's nothing wrong with that at all, it's not the kind of thing I'm playing a video game to experience.I recommend this game if you can get it for under 66% off (That's about $6.66 American). At full price it just won't feel satisfying. Even the frequent sale price of $10 left me disappointed with the amount of content."
,Recommended,232430,11226889,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,stringball,"I was born in 1992 and i'm a straight maleIts a short game, but a neat storyOnly problem is I felt like I was too young, the wrong gender and wrong sexual orentation!Not worth 20bux though, hardly worth less than 5"
,Recommended,232430,11253052,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,billybeer,"I really enjoyed this game.  While short, I thought the overall pacing was excellent; you could easily breeze through the story very quickly, but I found much more enjoyment in peeking into all the nooks and crannies.  Gone Home is definitely more of a storytelling vehicle than a ""game,"" per sey, but I think they used the medium quite well.  The house is a great time capsule for my formative years of the 90s, and the story/setting/music was incredible."
76561198058038769,Recommended,232430,11253984,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,silentmedina,"despite what many say this game is amazing in a day where games have amazing graphics and explosions everywhere, this game does it right by throwing that stuff out the window and focusing on its plot. i would recommend this game for certain indiviuals, those who are used to playing games that arent over the top budget games that blow your mind might be disappointed when playing this game as they cant appreicate this game for what it is. only gripe is the price for the game as its not very long but some might feel its justified"
,Recommended,232430,8419095,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Reser-Catloons,"While this game is definitely not for everyone, it has one of the most amazong stories ever. I haven't felt this emotional from playing a game in a very long time. Everything feels very, as you may be able to relate to, or even learn something from the brilliantly written story. It has made a spot on my top 5 list (10/10 for sure). But as I stated earlier, if you play games to shoot people, and unlock achievements, you should skip this one."
,Recommended,232430,11224558,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,ix,A reasonably compelling environmental narrative; it is interesting that the most realistic characters in video games seem to be those that are absent.
76561198042241683,Recommended,232430,25807138,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,eric.c.berg,"A fantastic bit of interactive fiction that does away with all of the obligatory gameplay inserted into a lot of primarily narrative games, offering a unique experience. Not everybody's thing, certainly, but definitely appealing to those who love a game with a good story and deep characters but feel like puzzles, combat, and other gameplay are more of a price to pay to get to the story than an enjoyable part of the experience."
76561198042228958,Recommended,232430,11226232,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Overlordy,"A bit pricey for it's content, but a really soothing and heart-warming story. Not for somebody looking for action"
,Recommended,232430,10637733,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,kingevil1998,"A beutifully made game, with a really sweet ending! Shame it lacks replay value but it was an enjoyable use of my time."
76561198018534049,Recommended,232430,16770712,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Retramon,"this is a realy good game it's a nice mistory, it's sad yet happy, you wont beleave what hapens it's a good story based game!"
76561197982727216,Recommended,232430,34725273,Posted: 3 September,all,alanisman1,"Gone Home is a story-driven walking simulator that details the lives of the family of the player character, Katie, while she's been away at college.  While I wasn't exactly ""blown away"" by the story, it was interesting and fun going through the house and learning about the skeletons in the everyone's closets.  Recommended if you enjoy story-driven games and have the patience to snoop through dozens of drawers, closets, and secret panels.PROS+ Interesting story+ Exceptional artwork and voice acting+ Excellent flow of story balanced with explorationCONS- One playthrough is all you'll get out of it- Story, while touching, isn't revolutionary- Exact same items and furniture copied & pasted thru the house isn't realistic- A bit pricey"
76561198200708994,Recommended,232430,34746925,Posted: 4 September,all,Eridanos_Athene,"This game may not be for everyone, but I would suggest it to anyone who played and enjoyed Life Is Strange. The story is very 90s and linear...it offers a great sense of nostalgia. However, it's a pretty short game and might leave you feeling a bit lost afterwards."
,Recommended,232430,8849250,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Chip McDEWgal,Wonderful game.
76561198060201777,Recommended,232430,16773307,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Valorofmen,"Gone Home though not on the levels of greatness as the professional critics claimed, the game manages to have a story that is both meaningful and interesting. However it misses a few opportunities not exploring other members in the household and pretty much making them one-sided and demonized. Other than that it's a pretty solid story based game which will keep you occupied for about two or three hours.Side notes:Do not buy at full price Or Do not buy if you dislike walking type game's.                                                                    (I apologize for any grammar issues in the review)"
,Recommended,232430,24635001,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Frost ❆,Worth. Every. Single. Second. The underlying meaning behind it completely surpasses its initial creepy feeling.
76561197987047936,Recommended,232430,10534265,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,The Squid,"I wish Steam reviews let me give a recommendation of ""maybe"".Gone Home is one of those games where I can acknowledge the quality but didn't really enjoy. Though the quality of the writing and voice acting are excellent, and I loved having the freedom to explore and piece together clues at my own pace, I felt that the tone of the story and the tone of the setting are at odds with each other, putting the tale of an ordinary dysfunctional family against horror tropes and sending you on a scavenger hunt for no real reason.The way the game tells its story is great - I just wish the actual story had been more interesting, and lacking the tonal dissonance created by the horror red herrings. I feel like it would have gone unnoticed as a book or movie. To me, Gone Home is more a strong step in the right direction for video game narrative structure, rather than a great game in and of itself.Full review here:http://postlaunch.blogspot.ca/2014/01/gone-home.html"
,Recommended,232430,17185686,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Punk Rocket,"10/10Great Story, great music, great game."
,Recommended,232430,17179048,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Berty213,"Is this game worth it? That all depends on you, if you're looking for a game where monsters will chase you down the hall, where jumpscares happen around every corner, where you'll fingure out difficult puzzles and become a hero! Then you're not going to enjoy Gone Home.Gone Home is a game where you'll walk around a house reading notes and listen to diary entries read by your younger sister Sam. You'll find out what's been going on in the life of your family in the year that you were away travelling. Sam is the main storyline here, but you can find out a lot about the mum and dad if you dig around for a bit, reading notes never felt like a chore.However once you complete the game once, that's it, since there's no achievements the desire to go back right away wasn't a strong one, it does have a developer commentary mode but I understand that might not be for everyone. I would recommend it if you like exploring and  you're looking for a game with a rather enjoyable story, but maybe wait until it's on sale before picking it up.My video review goes into a bit more detail.https://youtu.be/O8V9gn9hqZc"
76561197977687133,Recommended,232430,11042480,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Abracadabra,"Lame♥♥♥♥♥story, maybe a 12 year old girl would like this game.  I clearly didn't do my research before I bought this on sale haha."
,Not Recommended,232430,20174710,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Zharlie Sine Fine,meh
76561197978634078,Recommended,232430,7877293,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Sharp,"Great story, most of the story relies on you the player reading all the notes, dates, names to peice little things together, such as (SPOILERS)--------finding out the mother cheated on her husband-------(END SPOILER),makes you feel like a detective/stranger snooping someones home.if you enjoy reading things, get this game, if not get it for 5 bucks on a sale because the main narrative story is great aswell"
,Recommended,232430,7878737,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,TheScribe,"Possibly the most poignant, beautifully written story I've ever had the privilege of paying another person money to play. The layers of narrative and depth of characters makes the whole game worth every minute of playing. The subject matter and the tone of the work is astounding and surprised me. The bitter jokes I made in my head grew to an excited anticipation, turning to sorrowful dread, and finally a heartwarming glow. The whole game was a piece of art and anyone who has not played this should make a point to do so."
,Recommended,232430,7939196,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Unreas,Those feels
,Recommended,232430,7959443,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,hipcatblue,I really enjoyed the story.  I wasn't sure what to expect in the begining but I think it was a nice adventure and different from many of the other games I have tried.
,Recommended,232430,7858433,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,charlequin,"This is pretty much exactly what you would expect of a story game that members of the Bioshock 2 team designed to be played in first-person, be set in the real world, and contain no violence. It's nothing revolutionary but it is thoughtful and clever (and contains some awesome riot grrl music.)"
,Recommended,232430,7918374,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Dangerous Doctor,"Remember the parts of Fallout 3 where you wandered around the abandoned vaults and office buildings, reading computer terminals, listening to audio diaries and examining the still lifes arranged by the level designers to reveal to yourself the story of a group of people who once inhabited the now empty structure?Gone Home is basically that, except The Fullbright Company left out the bad combat, swapped the post-apocalyptic wasteland with a 1990s Portland suburban home, and did a much, much better job of writing the story and detailing the art assets.The game's two hours of content may make the price tag seem a little steep, but the commentary mode adds another reasonably interesting 90 minutes and the game itself is refreshingly different from everything else on the market, making it a pretty good purchase at full price and definitely worth it if it is on sale."
,Recommended,232430,7957357,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,J.Barrows,Gone Home is an excelent experience telling a beautiful narrative.
,Recommended,232430,7893051,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Emerett,"I will start off by saying I am 26 years old. I honestly think if you were born after 1990, this game probably won't do much for you. But if you were... this game will be a revelatory masterpiece, that will provide you with two hours that couldn't be more well spent.I purchased this on the Autumn Steam sale, for mac, and let it download while I went out for the day. When I came home, I dropped the groceries on the counter and went to see if it was done.After everything booted OK, I planned  on finishing up bringing things in, but after the first couple of seconds I was drawn in. Three intense hours later, I looked over and my girlfriend was crying, who I had no idea had been watching the entire time, the front door was still open and my ice cream on the counter was all melty.This game is one of the most powerful experiences I have ever had, not in a video game, but in any medium.Some people say this isn't a game, but who gives a ♥♥♥♥, it's 1994."
,Recommended,232430,7921703,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,GunslingerBara,"Gone Home is a simple game where you explore a house and learn about the family of the character you play as. I loved it. I didn't meet a single character in-game yet I felt the characters introduced through written letters and voice-overs felt more real and alive than most characters I've seen in video games. The atmosphere really helped to pull me in, giving me a bout of 90's nostalgia with it's VHS tapes, cassettes, tube TVs, stereos, and talks of Nintendo and Street Fighter. It has a creepy side too, with you exploring an empty house during a thunderstorm, creaks and cracks aplenty, and some possible other-worldly phenomena. This is exactly the kind of game I hope we see more of: exploration-heavy, story- and character-driven, and intimate. 5/5 (aka I loved it)."
76561197960441633,Recommended,232430,7891267,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,SlothfulKing,An emotionally-charged journey that has you discover your way through a home. This is an exceptional game that will leave an impact on you long after the credits roll. I can't recommend this game high enough.
,Recommended,232430,7809720,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,BobbyJ,"The story is great, you will be indulged for the few hours it takes to complete. The price is a bit high but if it is on sale it is worth buying."
,Recommended,232430,7867549,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Tendercrisp Bacon Cheddar Ranch,"Gone Home is far more than a search for your family. As you progress through the game, you realize it's much deeper than that. It's almost like a search within yourself, reminding gamers that we're all human and we all have different stories, but little things can bring us together to find we're not that different after all. With funny bits in the mix, Gone Home is definitely an entertaining and interesting game. I highly recommend it for those who enjoy exploring the environment, as there is much to find and experience."
,Recommended,232430,7915801,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Gamerblue,This game is all about story. Its got a great build up and a heartwarming story. Lacks any replay though.
,Recommended,232430,7900724,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,mark.nau,"In your face, Roger Ebert."
,Recommended,232430,32458372,Posted: 15 June,all,Frikkenator,"Phenomenal environment, story telling and voice acting. Take your time to go through it and uncover the secondary stories as well."
,Recommended,232430,9248083,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Just Offscreen,This is a good game.
,Recommended,232430,18104591,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,King Murdoc Lord of the squishy,Creepy house 10/10story line 10/10finding out your actually a lesbian 10/10 best game ever ign
76561198048979425,Not Recommended,232430,19990720,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,mari,The total play time is below 2 hours and therefore I cannot recommend the game.
,Not Recommended,232430,17333709,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,FrozenFood,"was I the only one who found the key to the attic within 30 seconds of getting into the house? I have no idea what was going on in this game. I found the picture of the girl in the solders uniform and put it down and it flew behind the sideboard where I could not get it back? was this intentional? <20 mins of game play, and I have no idea whats going on."
,Not Recommended,232430,15400138,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,nuNo,The way the camera moves on this game made me want to puke. Avoid.
76561197962985825,Not Recommended,232430,15358659,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Hax N Snax N Fax,"This was not a game. It was a click to get through the story. There was no decision making, no twist, no fun. The second you get to something that could be cool - the hidden panels, oh! game over!How does this have the same IGN and metacritic scores as BioShock Inifinite?"
,Recommended,232430,12495660,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,h3art,"If you like story and plot, it's fantastic. If you like gameplay more, not so much, I guess. Exceptionally well-written, if you care for such things."
,Recommended,232430,17049925,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Magic Heron,"Calm and dark until you - literally - light up your memories. Emptiness in the filled world you explore silently vanishes and is replaced by the cosy feeling that you know what you are doing here. But do you?A well crafted game in which everything fits together. Athmospheric, obscure, emotional, surprising. I enjoyed coming home."
76561198089352251,Not Recommended,232430,19981772,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,antisouless,Heres the story. My sister is a lesbo and she's going to go help her lesbo friend go AWOL from BCT.That's cool if you're gay. But come on. AWOL? Just finish BCT idiot.That's it.
76561198116186673,Not Recommended,232430,20600964,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,AdeleighPenguin,"Can I put spoilers in here? I'm not sure. Anyway, SPOILER alert I suppose.All too often I see something seemingly good turned into some kind of heartwarming story where someone discovers they are gay. This is not a bash on gay people, it's my annoyance and frustration at the same story over and over again today in plenty of books, and now video games. I felt like I enjoyed digging around the house, but not enough to say I liked the game in the end."
,Recommended,232430,10784504,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Maximemoring,This was... Something... Something everyone needs to live/play.
,Recommended,232430,18562286,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,FasterThanFTL,✔
,Recommended,232430,23827890,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hypersleep,One of the scariest games I've ever played. Not for the faint of heart. I rate this game S+L/10.
,Recommended,232430,24644065,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Whewshie,Really good!da feels tho
76561198023433017,Recommended,232430,24694002,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,1daboi,"Girls kissing Girls! what’s there not to like about the game. Game is worth the asking price if you consider that the developers 'Fullbright' actually live together to keep costs low and maybe this house represents their current house with back stories of their own? who knows how ever the level design is fascinating, that feeling of being alone and that child hood fear of entering a room with the lights off. Game is extremely short, however I'd recommend finishing it in one sitting and let yourself be fully absorbed. Steve Gaynor is responsible for the level design in this game, for those who are not familiar with that name, he designed some of the levels on the game F.E.A.R.7/10Looking forward to Fullbright's second game Tacoma."
76561198171589226,Recommended,232430,24687984,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,irjohnson,"Really gripping game, looks lovely and very touching - highly recommended. Just bear in mind that it doesn't last for more than a few hours, but while it does last, it's worth every penny (and costs about the same as a pint of beer if you can get it on a special)."
,Recommended,232430,7872945,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,pEz,"More of an experience than a game, it heralds back to old adventure PC adventure titles. Wondefully captures the time period, from the objects around the house to the music...A worthy time warp."
,Recommended,232430,7928727,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,T-chan,An interactive and thought-provoking story. Beautiful!
,Recommended,232430,7962434,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Aginor,There's not a lot here (the game takes about an hour at most) but what is here is very well thought out. I enjoyed it a great deal.
,Recommended,232430,7943107,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Vaskania,"I had been following Gone Home during its development awaiting its release, and this is one of the games I can say didn't disappoint. If you're looking to play this for the gameplay alone, don't; you'd be missing out on so much if you treated this as a game you'd merely speedrun. This is a game that should be played thoroughly and savored for it's cute and enjoyable storyline."
76561197970840537,Recommended,232430,7936719,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,infin,"Closer to linear, interactive fiction than a game; but an amazing accomplishment.  The authors generate atmosphere masterfully, so much so that navigating the 'Psycho House' is frequently unnerving despite the--mostly--less than frightening subject matter.  The particular implementation of voyeurism as a game mechanic adds yet one more interesting layer to the experience.Highly recommended!  Just be sure to enter expecting a story/narrative experience rather than heavy 'gameplay.'"
,Recommended,232430,13599876,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,dator,nice game
,Recommended,232430,7628241,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Seilgrank,"Great game, highly recommended. I'd suggest playing through it all in one day to really immerse yourself in the story. Like the game's description says, there's no combat and no puzzles. So although exploring the house feels similar to many horror or adventure games, relax and enjoy the story knowing that nothing is going to jump out at you."
76561198295147664,Not Recommended,232430,35292324,Posted: 29 September,all,lindzlucy,"Alright well I actually loved the storytelling in this game. The overall eerie feeling was incredibly a well done atmospheric effect! The gay is always a driving force for me to look into a game, and it was very well done. While I did enjoy the game and everything, I wouldn't recommend it. I feel like you can get the same effect watching a let's play on YouTube rather than to buy it yourself. But if you have a few dollars and love a good hint-finding game, it is a good one!"
76561198044420704,Not Recommended,232430,13261911,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,AYTOWAYTE,"I bought this game when it was on sale for like 3 bucks. And If you really want to play it then I'd wait for a discount. 20$ for less than 3 hours of gameplay? Thats a little unreasonable. And I was slow, theres people in the reviews who are better at these kinds of gmaes beating it in less than an hour.The story starts off promising enough, but gets super dissapointing as time goes on. Critics praised this gane as revolutionary in its story telling but I dont see it. Heres what bugs me, The whole game is spent teasing you with exciting answers to the mystery of wheres your family. So much that when you do figure it out, it ends up being straight up boring. Without revealing too much, I left feeling touched but dissapointed. It was heartfelt but mundane.All in all, it was three hours that felt wasted in the end."
76561197995114348,Not Recommended,232430,11844844,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Turd Murderer,"I recommend this game if you don't like games, but instead like linear visual stories that you ""Play""About two hours long, maybe more if you're daft.Incredibly boring.1/10 would not play again or recommend to anyone.1 point because of lesbian side story. Mmm."
76561198005940689,Not Recommended,232430,12422995,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Toothaiker,"I'm sorry. Whoever reviewed this as the best story ever told in a video game is either flat out lying, or this is the first game they have ever reviewed. I saw the beginnings of a story, or two, that had potential but from there it devolved into the worst of young adult drivel. Not worth the money. Definitely not worth the very short amount of time. If you want a good story, woman focused game and no guns...go play Portal 2. You'll actually feel smarter when you're done."
,Not Recommended,232430,10598716,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,KIEZI <:(),"gone...... home .... *sigh* theres many things i could say about this . i had 5 bucks to spare and i bought this i thought this game was gona be a puzzle game with a nice artform and kinda spooky well NOPE instead i got a lesbian love story ...... now dont get me wrong there is nothing wrong with being gay , also the fact that in the steam descriptoin of the game its say ""Something's not right. Where is everyone? And what's happened here? Unravel the mystery for yourself in Gone Home"" in the game YOU ONLY FOCASS ON YOUR SISTER! .the puzzle are all easy , im giving this a 2/10"
,Not Recommended,232430,35461653,Posted: 3 October,all,Nonstopoulos Action,"Big fan of point and click adventure games, but I'm disapointed with this. It had a lot of potential and I liked some elements, but the game critics are clearly biased and giving it praise for it's identity politics, not because it's a great game. It's an average point and click adventure game that doesn't deliver. Game critics are giving this 10.0 when it doesn't deserve it since it's lacking in depth you would want in these kinds of games.If you want a game with more depth, puzzle solving and a better payoff and story, grab Scratches. Reviewers gave it mixed reviews when it is way better than this."
,Recommended,232430,24716643,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Arten,Gripping.  The atmosphere this game creates is palpable.  Goosebumps felt throughout.  Highly recommend.
76561197970107831,Recommended,232430,8825976,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Ladythang,"I was confused at the end, the game is definitely interesting to a point you don't want to stop playing.  It was quick and easy, not much to really do just needed more and the end i was lost."
,Recommended,232430,8325306,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Nick Crompton,Very interesting and obscure game with a great storyline that should be experienced if you're into adventure games. The game might seem unsettling at first but soon the story grabs you by the testicles and you can't stop playing.
,Recommended,232430,15257101,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Geo Da Sponge,"So, I (correctly) guessed what the ending of the story would be within the first five minutes. And that might sound damning, but the fact that it still had me crying by the end of it means that it was obviously doing something right. Mostly what it's doing right in my opinion is actually telling a straight forward, emotional story, which is actually pretty refreshing in an industry that keeps trying to lunge for meta-narratives (Bioshock: Infinite, Hotline: Miami, etc.) when it's barely got past any kind of story that doesn't involve a giant alien exploding at the end.But let's discuss the big thing, length. The length of this game is perfect for what it's design, but probably not for it's price tag. Okay, be honest, definitely not for the price tag. See, Gone Home is clearly designed to be completed in one sitting, and as such the roughly 90 minute play-time is perfect. But, obviously, $20 (£15 for UK residents) is quite a lot of money for an hour and-a-half worth of entertainment. So it just comes down to getting it on sale if that doesn't sound like it's worth it, because that's what Steam is for. :P"
,Not Recommended,232430,10824674,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Midari™,Got bored. Looked on YouTube. Found out sister is a lesbian. wut
,Recommended,232430,10740850,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,inaneHELLRAISER,"An emotionally haunting experience. Sit down and complete in one playthough and you will not be sorry. Makes you feel fear, despair and hope all at once....This game will stay with your for a long time. This is an excellent piece of art that could only be achieved through this medium. Do not second guess....PLAY IT, EXPERIENCE IT."
76561198086000185,Recommended,232430,10994997,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,funfunland,Please play this game you will not regret it
76561197985160128,Recommended,232430,10740804,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Glitchigorillago Synth000,"A terrifying tale of mystery, horror, and intrigue. You are Kaitlin, a private investigator and nosy older sister. Just returned home from a case in Europe, you find your parents' home abandoned, with signs of a struggle. Turn out every drawer, flip on every electrical device, and generally just rummage through the place as you uncover the devious doings of ne'er-do-wells in your parents' humble abode. With your dead sister's ghost as your guide, snoop through your family's personal belongings as you uncover your father's professional and sexual failures, your mother's secret affair, and your sister's dark secret. Throw♥♥♥♥♥♥around and make a huge mess as you reveal the secret of the so-called ""Psycho House"" and confront the thing that lurks in the basement....8.427/10 would snoop again. (Don't buy for 20 bones though, that's a hardcore ripoff)."
76561197996589989,Recommended,232430,11861272,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Churchill,"I don't see this so much as a game as an interactive storybook. You can't affect the story in any way, just decide what order to read it in.  In terms of interactive stories, it's one of the better ones even if the direction of the story is fairly predictable from early on.It is most definetly not for everyone, and a lot of what has been written about it in the gaming press is blatant hyperbole.  But games journalists are some of the worst for jumping on a new(ish) thing and proclaiming it the second coming, so what can you do. PC Gamer is a good example of a publication trying to find some deeper meaning or significance that doesn't exist.If you read 'professional' pieces on this just be aware that it is not as affecting, not as well written and not as genre defining as they claim. Just a moderately well written interactive short story with zero replay value, which is slightly overpriced.I have recommended this, but it is more of a so-so really, down vote just seemed a bit harsh."
76561197983818242,Recommended,232430,11890072,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,thickbeans,it was♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197964044195,Recommended,232430,11910266,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Ykäsonni,7/10 It's a decent walking simulator with somewhat interesting story about young lesbians.
76561198080780395,Recommended,232430,11916160,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Flippy,"5/5 stars, great game, amazing plot, but it's pretty short"
,Recommended,232430,11916581,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Fiend,"PROSMoving story about family.Short enough to play on a few lunch breaks. (3hrs)Satisfying ending.Invokes feelings of voyeurism that few games have captured.CONSIf you're looking for a game, look elsewhere. This is an interactive short story, nothing more.The price will be too high for most, buy it on sale to avoid buyer's remorse."
,Recommended,232430,11921491,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,yaoibunga,"like many good things, it was cool and sad."
,Recommended,232430,11924916,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Darnell Trump,"Completed this ""game"" in two hours and it has no replay value atall. It's not really a game at all. It's an explorable interactive story.It has an intriguing story that makes you want you finish the game and the characters are incredibly well fleshed in a way that I've never encountered in a media text before.Can't say it justifies the £14.99 price because of it's short length and lack of replayability but if it's ever in a sale for less than a fiver.. Maybe..."
76561197989919655,Recommended,232430,11931974,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,mertalo,Хорошая сюжетная игра. Очень понравилось.
76561198124914006,Recommended,232430,11937094,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Gemmalynn,"When i first bought this game i was a little unsure about it. but the more i played the more i began to love it. It was a fun game to search and find different clues to uncover the story of her sister, Sam, and the man who owned the house before them. Recomend this for anyone who is up for a fun challange."
,Recommended,232430,11937287,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Toad64,"This game does a great job at telling a story using a video game medium. When I arrived in the house I had no idea what was going on, but by the end you get a good sense of what's going on in the lives of everyone there. Finding the scattered notes and hidden items felt rewarding. The voice acting is very well done and does a good job of drawing you into the story.Don't buy this game thinking you'll be playing something with action, or even much puzzle-solving. It's really focused on the story and exploration, but I couldn't help but get caught up in it. I really enjoyed it. Oh, and make sure to play those cassettes, because the soundtrack is very good!Oh, and I couldn't help but read every VHS title they had in the TV room. The family has very good taste in films!"
,Recommended,232430,11938545,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Clarified Filth,"Overrated? Sure. Does it ruin your day for being barely a game? No. Its an interactive experience, The story is alright but the red herrings end up being what they are, which is a waste of time."
,Recommended,232430,11947630,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,TinHatTemplar,"This is not a game in the traditional sense and more of an interactive story. I found it touching and genuine. The story has lots of character and does a nice job providing depth through juxtaposing relationships against one another. I read several reviews here and really felt that many folks missed the depth apparant in the diverging tracks of a family that are all persuing their happiness and how those pursuits affect a family. The father persuing his writing, the mother her career, the protaganist an adventure aware and a younger sister finding herself and learning to live by being honest with herself.If this is on sale and you want something different give it a shot, but don't expect excitement or suspense."
,Recommended,232430,11974926,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,ekimgibbigmike,Beautiful game. Just absolutely beautiful.
,Recommended,232430,10957565,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Pingtado,"Wow, Just wow... It took me just short of two hours to complete, but this has got to be one of the best, and saddest, narrative driven games I have ever played. While it starts out as a almost MYSTish exploration game, it soon expands to an envolving narrative that, even while being told mostly through letters and audiologs, is deeply touching. I am honestly amazed."
,Recommended,232430,13598729,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,MacDoodle,7/10But not enough of Dad's secret porn stashes.
,Recommended,232430,14456940,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,JimmyD :D,"Maybe I'm just getting old, but Gone Home really got to me in a way that most video games don't.The game isn't particularly advanced in graphics or controls, but it tells its story so well you don't care about those other things.I felt happiness and I felt sadness as I played those few short hours as a mid 90s college girl, coming home to an empty house and a sister that I never had. I cried on occasion. I had goosebumps on others. It felt real.Some say it was clichéd, but you owe it to yourself to play this game and see what it's all about. I think I only paid 5 dollars for it on sale, and I would do it again in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,232430,14464158,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Jefu,"I could really see a lot of love and care put into each detail, and the thought and sensitivity put into developing Jan, Richard, Sam and Lonnie. More than anything it was just the little perfect touches, like the family portrait, or the punk rock posters, that completely brought me back to the Pacific Midwest in the mid-90s. Gone Home makes a compelling argument that computer games can be literature."
,Recommended,232430,14467379,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Lordello +ĐƗ1ØØØ (R),"One of the best I played recently, but think you are not playing a game... you are playing a movie.Really involving history, well told and immersive. You'll get the suspense and tense ambience and dive into this game. At full price it's really expensive for how much time you'll spend on it, but at a sale you have it right (like I did)."
76561198055459086,Recommended,232430,14454400,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,arnauds1979,I don't know if I could actually call this a game... but what a great way to tell a story!!!
,Recommended,232430,14457440,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Kels,"I found this game to be absolutely fantastic. There's a rich storyline told in one of the most unique ways I've ever seen a video game accomplish. Its so atmospheric, and simple. It does only take about 3 hours to complete, if you explore the evironment as thoroughly as I did, and while the game is very, very good, I wouldn't buy it at 20 dollars. Luckily, it does go on sale frequently, and anything ten and down is definitely worth it.Happy playing. :)"
,Recommended,232430,11731898,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Gnarima Lirikousei,"Stories can be told in many forms, and Gone Home is a novel take on the telling of a simple but poignant story. The environment, which is based entirely within a single, large mansion, is made to be extremely immersive, with TVs, casette players, and the ambience of a summer storm providing a consistent amount of background sound. The experience is pretty interesting, and it's quite cool to be exploring a 90s era mansion with the ability to pick up and examine the huge variety of objects scattered throughout the house. The pacing of the story itself is done so by your own interactions, allowing for a story-driven exploration game that takes hours to complete or a fast paced run through this seemingly deserted mansion. This isn't a game that everyone can get into, and it is definitely a stretch to purchase it at full price. However, if you ever feel the need for a few hours of relaxation with a somewhat compelling story, and happen to find Gone Home on sale, it is definitely worth your time and money."
,Recommended,232430,11831477,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Phanto Haunto,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vF7hjJ5Td4&list=UUXPK7WQXeePsuGvNmoszcxgStill currently playing this game, but i'm finding myself VERY much immersed in it =) feels like my kind of era too! If you haven't purchased it, i'd definitely suggest either doing so, or checking out my let's play in the video above =) i'd appreciate any support or feedback on my commentary!"
76561198025625270,Not Recommended,232430,22589419,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,xterminal86,"1. The game is obviously targeted to the specific audience.2. It's lame. You just wander around the house for a while, collect couple of items and then it's game over. What the hell...For all the time I've been playing, I was waiting for some kind of sudden plot twist, like, right after I get to the attic some scary event will happen and the game will go ""as planned"", especially given that game itself have references to ghosts and all that supernatural stuff. So maybe I will have to run from some poltergeist or something... But instead I was sent to the credits.I guess this game is another tribute to the gay people, which tend to happen quite often recently. At this rate soon games that don't have queers in them will be banned."
,Not Recommended,232430,15991908,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,PoeJay,"The story is not at all interesting.  They should have made it a one room shack instead of a multi-room mansion; that would have at least saved me from wasting as much time.  The graphics and user interaction are fine, but there is definitely not any entertainment in the story.  I think the authors were trying to capture…well...I guess the word is “indifference”.  They definitely nailed it."
,Recommended,232430,8080007,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Snus,"More an interactive trip to a stranger's house than a game, this is still a solid and memorable experience. In just under 2 hours you learn a lot about a family you never knew before and, for sure, would never meet in person. But by the end of the story it just feels like you've been there yourself, and that's probably the best praise to the game. Oh, and telling more would spoil everything - just go and play it."
76561198044923621,Not Recommended,232430,8261679,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SpenceBot,"I bought this game the other day on the steam sale because of all the awards it was getting. Let's just say I was disappointed, here's why:1. It's only an hour long with ZERO replay value, I would have been fine with this if the story was good but...2. The story is♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's emo lesbian garbage about some stupid girl falling in love with a government hating white trash girl. It is believable but not interesting, I hate the emo ♥♥♥♥♥es in my high school so why would I want to play a game about them?3. It's just plain boring. Nothing exciting happens once throughout the game, there are no plot twists or interesting gameplay moments. You just walk around and find little trinkets at a monotonous pace, it's anything but fun. I'm fine with a game having little segments where finding things is necessary but when you base the whole game off of this concept it simply falls flat.In conclusion, I was incredibly disappointed with this game, please save your money and buy something better like The Walking Dead or Bioshock Infinite. This is not worth more than two dollars.score: 3/10   ﻿"
,Not Recommended,232430,19660678,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,zoolok,"Cool story, bro.On a more serious note, even though it is cool that they decided not to turn it into a story about ghosts and/or supernatural, the choice they made is terribly mundane, pedestrian and just simply boring and massively underwhelming. I've no idea why this game gets such great reviews and why it costs as much as it does.So yes, cool story, bro."
76561198068610219,Recommended,232430,11775687,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,MoonPigeon,"Great Game! if u like dear esther, thirty flights of loving check this out!. good story, its a great experience, good taste of nostalgia. I've played it once tbh, but I loved it, and i'll play again in a year or so when its not as fresh in my head. its like playing a short film and i'm down for that. Good Story, and Good Atmosphere.EDITED: commentary added, looks like i'll be playing this tonight hahahhaha"
,Recommended,232430,13775185,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Hams,"I love this game and I don't know the right way to explain it. Exploring a big old house full of secrets, discovering a story by bits and pieces scattered about, a crumpled note or a discarded photo. I don't want reveal anything about the story because I want YOU to experience it the way I did, no preconcieved notions. I loved the writing throughout. I hope the devs continue to apply such heartfelt care and ingenuity to everything else they make because it's going to be an instant buy for me."
76561198010602346,Recommended,232430,13606684,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,NightFall,"Don't listen to the negative reviews of this game. While I wouldn't necessarily pay full price (around $20 at the time of writing this review) I did pay about $4 for my copy, thanks to the holiday sale, and I can honestly say, I feel like I underpaid.This is not a game for people who are looking for a Silent Hill-esque ""jump scare"" game. It does have a forbidding atmosphere, and as you begin to unravel the mystery of where your family has disappeared to, things begin to look very bleak, indeed. However, at no time does this become a horror game - you might be a bit uncomfortable playing it alone with the lights out, but rest assured that the fun of this game is not had through being frightened.The story is great - you really feel for the characters in this tale - perhaps not so much for the parents, but the little sister and her friend, definitely. I won't spoil the ending for anyone, but you feel better after having played this game to completion. If nothing else, the nostalgia factor is through the roof for anyone who was a teen in the nineties.Do yourself a favor, and buy this game - you won't be disappointed, if it's a story and an enjoyable way to kill some time you're looking for. This is definitely something different - in a good way!"
,Recommended,232430,11772535,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Ben,"everyone should play this game.it's good. it's relevant. it's important.I feel like it should be assigned as homework in highschools EVERYWHERE; there should be a reference to Gone Home on the SATs, or ACTs, or whatever, and if you don't get the reference, you JUST FAIL.it's just that good."
,Not Recommended,232430,17871267,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,GigaKid,"No aliens, no demons, no ghosts :[JUST A HUGE MASSIVE TEASE!! DANG IT! *throws controller at monitor*"
,Recommended,232430,15264551,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,TahBahFah,Please come home.
76561197969208708,Recommended,232430,15273848,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Fiend,"If you want something different from the same-old formula AND with absorbing story-telling, this is it. Don't put it off. A great, immersive story-telling experience."
,Not Recommended,232430,24129465,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,megan,Not worth the price.  At several points I started throwing random objects around just to make the game feel longer.......The music was good...
,Recommended,232430,10735816,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,C0deTalker,scariest game I have ever played in my life
76561198007746761,Not Recommended,232430,14281021,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,limneosgreen,-
76561198019740394,Recommended,232430,24925780,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Gerfreckle,Imagine this game is about Max and Chloe and it becomes so much better.
,Recommended,232430,18278152,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,the von Essence,"I'll start this out by saying that this game is NOT a horror game; there are no jump scares, no chase scenes, no quick time events, nothing. That being said, this is one of the creepiest games I've ever played. The atmosphere is intense and immersive. The game gives the player little to no guidance beyond basic controls, but the ominous circumstances are enough to get you involved in unraveling Gone Home's many mysteries. This game, like The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, is short, strange, provocative, and never-ending; you'll be thinking about it and feeling its effects long after you've finished playing."
76561198160915722,Recommended,232430,18286282,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,TheLordPower,Good story.
,Recommended,232430,18311881,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa,"Deeply designed and well thought out. Love it or hate it, but you do have to commend the devs for nailing an atmosphere and era necessary for this type of story that is surprisingly reflective. BUT only buy it on sale. While there was obviously a lot of time and detail put into the enviroments, it is pretty expensive for the amount of content you get."
76561197960962642,Recommended,232430,29680110,Posted: 3 February,all,Bnanane,My personal favorite game 2016
76561198053220595,Not Recommended,232430,13628242,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Nomad_One,"Not really worth the $20 asking price. It's short (2 hours or less) and has zero replay value.  If this game were $3.99 then maybe. Even then, it's still a stretch."
,Not Recommended,232430,14124536,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,dearapollo,"This is a definition of a walking simulator, which wouldn't be such a bad thing if the story was so awful. The atmopshere is great and it really feels like you're in the time period. But the ending, oh god ending."
,Not Recommended,232430,29006127,Posted: 4 January,all,Darayavaush Kambujiya,"Sadly, there is something wrong with the controls. I don't know if it is my HOTAS interfering with my XBOX controler, but I can't use this game with my keyboard and mouse.Badly coded... If only devs made keyboard and mouse default and then let us chose our control mode, but no... they all want to force us to use what they want.Too bad."
76561198061399865,Recommended,232430,16771758,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Pookie,"POSSIBLE SPOILER: This was an extraordinary experience. Short, sweet, and to the point, there is just enough mystery and intrigue to rile up the imagination. Yet, which is something truly amazing, the developers were able to reveal something rather mundane. The ending is cathartic when you realize all the mystery is flushed, and at the end of the day, a love story emerges. Definitely a masterful example of what can be defined as a ""video game"", and I hope this can be a fleshed out genre. My only advice is to buy the game when it's on sale because of the length. However, being on Steam for longer than a month will show you that you shouldn't purchase ANYTHING unless it's on sale."
76561198051421978,Recommended,232430,28498811,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,PotatoMine,It's worth yo
76561198107678943,Recommended,232430,28468577,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Brick Boy,10/10 Would taco grind again
76561197971149011,Not Recommended,232430,20925277,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Texoma,"This game should have come with a WARNING message!Just like all the new TV shows about gays and lesbians, as if it is a normal lifestyle, this game sucks you in with graphics and mystery with secret panels and doorways, all the while as you achieve different levels of discovery you are subjected to a young girls journal and her discovery that she is a lesbian.  It tris to make you feel sorry for her but then will show you places where her and her girl friend has slept together.It's a good thing I went further than my son while he was playing it with his 6 year old daughter.  We had no clue it was going to turn out to be a pro homosexual game that suckers you in as a mystery.  Put a warning label on this thing!"
76561197994971393,Recommended,232430,22418260,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Occupant,"For all the people making crappy ""Visual Novel"" games, take heed: This game is how you do it.This game explores a compelling narrative on multiple dimensions in a way that only an interactive video game can do. We learn so much about the lives of the people in this game through carefully plotted revelations, that the story is all the more fascinating for it. And the voice actor does an amazing job bringing the character to life.Bonus points for breaking gender and sexual identity stereotypes.Bonus points for an awesome soundtrack, and even more awesome period references.Bonus points for not being at all the game I thought it was going to be, and being even better for it.All said, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,232430,10821727,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Driklir,For the average person this is not a game I would recomend however I enjoyed it....Its funny how I think I've enjoyed this game after I beat it more then I did while playing it.
,Recommended,232430,10745015,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Concrete,I really enjoyed this game. Make sure you understand the type of game this is and retain an open mind.
76561198047914552,Recommended,232430,10625205,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Caktuss,Creepy. Fun. Great game to play with your gf watching because nothing will happen so she won't miss anything...
,Recommended,232430,30675032,Posted: 22 March,all,Коммунист Кораль,"I rarely write rebiews. But when it comes to something as exceptional as this, I have to. This game sends you on an emotional journy and it is BRILLIANT. I was on the verge of tears at points. This game is a MUST-HAVE. I absolutely love it.I completely recomend it."
76561198053354729,Recommended,232430,22696799,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Covfefe,Mind-Blowing
76561197962019050,Not Recommended,232430,19001618,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,John Connor,Truely awful. Saw the ending coming within 15 minutes. No replayability. Trying too hard to be 'female friendly'. Exceptionally melodramatic.
,Recommended,232430,25517430,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Sheikh Snow,"Nice and interesting game since its so different than what I usually play. Emotional story with a creepy vibe, too bad its so short (2/3 hours max), I would have liked it to continue in some way.I give it a 7/10."
76561198053903567,Recommended,232430,29641312,Posted: 1 February,all,CelestialSkies123,"(SPOILERS) Short, but has a wonderful story. I am a lover of Life Is strange and it sort of made me think of like if Chloe or Max had an older sister and there was no storm. lol I'm obsessed with LiS can you tell?"
,Recommended,232430,16429469,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,sazandorable,Thank you.
,Recommended,232430,13550834,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,MasterKrix,"This game is a great! It's pretty to look at an has a great plot. Don't worry, it's not a horror game, unless you find gay lesbian love scary."
,Recommended,232430,10837294,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Harry -_-,First of i know alot of people hate on this game because its fairly expensive for the length i paid £2 so i cant really comment on how i would feel if i had paid the full price. Now too the game its excellent in my opinion it touches a subject that not many games do it's nice to play something totally different from what i normally play it took me just under 3hrs to complete which for the price i paid is good i would highly recommend this game if your into exploring games without the puzzles or things attacking you it's not for everyone but from my personal point of view it's one of the best exploring games i've ever played with a deep and touching story highly recommend.
76561198149716514,Recommended,232430,24798104,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,nhcovey,"Fantastic escap-room game with a story line that you can really get in with. It reminds me a little of the Last of Us, in the sense that it draws you in and makes you care about the outcome, you know, if that's your thing. If you want a rivetting, edge-of-your-seat game then look elseware."
,Recommended,232430,24815032,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Bumbles,"This game is absolutely beautiful. There isn't much to say about the gameplay, but holy hell this story is amazing and beautiful. I wish it were longer.I just finished this game and I think I need to go cry now."
,Recommended,232430,13190230,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Bao-Le-58,"This game is seriously underrated! The story was very engrossing and I like the concept of progressing through the story by finding environmental clues. It's a new way to approach narrative in gaming and it made me want to find out more about Kaitlin herself, her sister (who's probably the protagonist) and her parents.It's an intimate and believable story about love and adolescence told beautifully through audio narrations that's well written and voice-acted. It may be something we've seen before in teen dramas but not in video games and there's nothing else like it. The fact that Sam is a lesbian isn't gimmicky. It would've made no difference if it were about a straight couple, and funny enough, this game has more character development than a lot of mainstream video games (with gameplay) that has character models.The notes, drawings, photos and other things you find in this game shows how real these characters are. I love exploration games and I like the dark atmosphere in the game that anchors the story perfectly. That being said, you can complete the game within a few hours and then you'll know how to complete the game in 47 seconds after that. If you can appreciate story-driven games with little gameplay (like Stanley Parable or Telltale's The Walking Dead), then I recommend you give this game a go. Most people probably don't so that's probably why there are a lot of negative reviews. Apparently, casuals aren't ""real gamers"".Though I recommend this game, I don't recommend it at it's normal price (£15). There's no incentives to replay the game again but the story will stick with you forever. Knowing Steam, this game will go on sale all the time (much like every other game) so pick it up when the price drops.8/10 - GREAT GAME"
,Not Recommended,232430,16147800,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Jacktj,Spoilers:The ending of the game is dark and full of plot holes. In game your younger sister runs away with her girlfriend after her mother disproves of the relationship and is quickly murdered. We have no idea how she met her fate and nether dose she as her soul talks to you as you find clues to why she is missing. The only suspect is the girlfrend who we know little about and no motive is established.
76561198031012441,Recommended,232430,9505151,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Sylvie,"This is a simple, really well executed suspense game.  Great music, great acting, great story.  Could have used more complicated puzzles, but totally worth the time."
76561197974251531,Recommended,232430,9510452,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Sacraahl,Just awesome!
76561198105720712,Recommended,232430,9541004,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,williamdobbie,Not what you expect. The atmosphere is filled with spookiness. The feeling of being in a big house on your own. Sometimes you just want to get to the end as fast as possible that you don't bother listening to the story. It has some replay value but not much. Not a bad 3 hours spent playing.
,Recommended,232430,10005801,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,maxT72,"excellent point and click adventure.Probably targrtting more girls than boys, but excellent anyway."
,Recommended,232430,10203895,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,hotsaas,"Few games have the power to elicit actual human emotions. Say what you will about the vast majority of many of the ""great"" narrative-driven games of the last 15 years, but 90% of them boil down to conventional player power-fantasies even if they're well written power-fantasies. Gone Home is so much more. Gone Home is one of the few games to truly harness the idea of a player interacting with a constructed virtual environment to craft a story built with human details and honest understanding. The game may lack combat or puzzles or other traditional modes of player progression/achievement, but it makes up for it in an all-encompassing and enveloping tale of love, coming of age, and family, and I can't name a single other game that comes half as close as Gone Home to telling a mature tale with such ease and depth of character. It was my Game of the Year for 2013 and easily one of my favorite games of the 2010s. It is a must play for anyone interested in games with true artistic ambition."
,Recommended,232430,10250277,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,smartbad,"Extremely recommended.In all honesty, I was in no way prepared for the depth of emotion that is present in this game.It elevates the medium.Simple and effective design, top-notch writing and voice acting, Gone Home is an experience unlike any I have ever had in a game.I believe that the feeling that this game gave me throughout my exploration, as I was endeavoring to piece the story together for myself, that feeling will stay with me for a very long time."
,Recommended,232430,10255920,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Blue Wolf,"Quite frankly, I am torn by this game.  On the one hand it is very very short with no replay value.  On the other hand, it is a very  thought-provoking, endearing and touching game with a wonderful storyline and interesting nuances.  Personally I give the game a 9/10 with the sole reason for a deduction being the length.  I wanted more, after the story ended.  I pray for a sequel or...something.  It will not be for everyone, but any further info would spoil the game...try it out (on sale if you like) if you have any love for story or immersion and can tolerate a lack of ""bang bang"""
76561197971490549,Recommended,232430,10258067,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Ankhmut,"Beautiful, unique, interactive story."
,Recommended,232430,10348089,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,marblestar1989,One of the most realistic and most saddest games I've ever played in my life. Such a beautiful masterpiece!
76561198072296935,Recommended,232430,10430473,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,jockmcpherson,Just buy it already! Oh that I could erase my memory of this game and play it again as for the first time...
76561197984998833,Recommended,232430,10439498,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,gulpirak,"This isn't a game for everyone, as you'll be able to tell by the division among Steam reviews alone. My only real problem with the negative reviews are as follows:- One reviewer accused it of being no more than a pander to third wave feminists. You don't have to have an agenda to tell a story about a person whose orientation or way of doings things doesn't suit you.- Another reviewer said that since he isn't a teenage girl he can't empathize with the character. (He actually wrote ""emphasize,"" which made it pretty funny.) That to me suggests a very limited imagination. I'm not a murdered and then resurrected cyborg police officer but I still love Robocop.I love the game. I love it's story. And while I understand criticisms of its ""gameplay"" I still feel no discomfort calling it a game. You could make the same arguement about point and click adventure games (I don't).So yes, the actionable gameplay is minimal. It's a narrative first and formest. I loved it, but if you want more actionable gameplay you may not. And that's fine. If you're unsure, wait for a sale. You know it'll happen."
,Recommended,232430,10440087,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Commander Cuddles,I'm a 21 year old male and this game got me intouch with my inner ♥♥♥♥♥♥...
76561198057144314,Recommended,232430,10487226,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Prydain10,"A short game that is worth going through and figuring out the story. Don't buy it at full price though, wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,232430,10506397,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Deadwing,"Great game! A new an innovative gameplay. It not an action game, it's a game that takes you into a self exploratory journey. I loved it."
,Recommended,232430,10773059,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sea Bass-chan,"If there was one game that I could keep experiencing over and over again with it being new every time, it would be this one. No question, this game is one of the best ones in my Steam library, and my gaming library as a whole. Extremely recommended."
,Recommended,232430,10775472,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,meldrumis,This is by far one of the best short stories i have ever experienced in my life.The readings form the diary are a stunning addition to the game and the voice actor chosen has done a brilliant job. The atmosphere in game provides and unusual sense of comforting suspense. If your unsure about this game stop being unsure and just get it.If you like a good story then this is a game for you.
76561198070586477,Recommended,232430,10329793,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Sam-wich,"One of, if not, the best narratives in a video game. I cannot recommend this game any more. Play it right now!"
,Recommended,232430,10442577,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Koolwhip,"Love this game, highly recommend it. Short but very emotional with a dark but not horrifying."
,Recommended,232430,10541244,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,TC,"It's a fantastic game and all, really powerful and all that. But I cant' help thinking that it's overhyped and overpriced."
,Recommended,232430,10760371,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Froxensword,"One of my favorite games from last year. Wasn't sure what to expect going in, but was pleasantly surprised by this unique experience. The story hits close to home for me, and unfolds in a wonderful way, allowing the player to determine the pacing as well as how much or little is discovered about these characters. Gone Home creates tension through a milieu that otherwise should seem less interesting than is displayed here, yet I was on the edge of my seat the whole time."
76561197972265722,Recommended,232430,10765520,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sharkie,"I managed not to learn too much about this game so I was pleasantly surprised by the story. It's really more of an interactive story than a game, and the atmosphere is both lonely and slightly creepy. The story is heartfelt without being mushy and the end made me cry, so be prepared."
,Recommended,232430,10776293,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,kumu,"The atmosphere in this game initially makes you feel as though a ghost could jump out from around the corner, but once you have completed the game, you are left with a beautiful story about love."
76561198025016624,Recommended,232430,11080958,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,TheHeroOfTime,This game is a work of art a little steep at 15 $ and that just because its not too long and you probably wont play more than once or twice but the first time through I was  hook and could not put it down tell I finished it. Also if possible try to play this game with out knowing anything about it. The less you know the better. fantastic game ! Especially if you can get it for cheap
76561198016589571,Recommended,232430,16471423,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Disara,I really enjoyed this game.  I kept expecting there to be jump scares but there were none.  Not a lot of replay value and it is pretty short but I still enjoyed it.
,Recommended,232430,10307954,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Realmwalker,"A bit short, but contains some excellent atmosphere and some of the best non-narrative story telling I've ever seen in a game.  Anyone who just blasts through the game without stopping and taking a moment to examine the surroundings will likely be either grossly mislead, or at a loss for why this game can be a pretty interesting little diversion.For the full price it's not a lot of hours, and doesn't have anywhere near the replayability of The Stanley Parable, but get it on sale and spend a couple hours giving it a try.With how much snooping you have to do in other people's rooms to get the full experience, you may end up feeling like a voyeur."
,Recommended,232430,10317587,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Nogwater,"This is not a game, it's a story that you discover by walking around an empty house.  $20 is a bit much for 2 hours or less with not much in the way of replayability.  Check it out if it's on sale."
76561197996925361,Recommended,232430,10431549,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,didyeah,"Beautiful game.It will require from the player to really, really crouch everywhere and look for hidden parts of a journal which will provide pieces of the background and the story. It is well written, and you end up loving the characters.Tha ambiance is fantastic, and overall it is a great experience if you like the exploration kind of gameplay, to find hidden stuff etc.Although different, it reminded me of Dear Esther."
,Recommended,232430,10435767,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,[SMA]Slurpy,"Gone Home isn't for everyone.  It's very short, I just beat it in about two hours, but they were a fantastic two hours.  It's not so much a game as a story - you return from an extended trip across seas to the house your family just moved into, and try to figure out where everyone has gone as you search the house and interact with objects.  As I said, it's definitely not for everyone, but if you like to read, I'd say there's a good chance you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,232430,10437040,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Arcus Vivit,"If you care more about a beautifuly written love story than traditional gameplay and challenge, then this might be a good game for you. I find that most of the negative reviews are from those going into the game expecting it to be something that it is not. Most say that this isn't even a game much like Dear Esther, however Gone Home has much more in the way of interaction. While Dear Esther exists for you to casually walk through the environment and have it tell its story to you, Gone Home wants to immerse you in the house and family that it has created. You explore and interact with a house that is detailed and thoughtfully put together, while finding Bioshock esque audio diaries that deliver the narrative directly to you, and you are left to uncover the subplots on your own. The asking price may be a bit high for a 1-2 hour game, but I personally thought the experience was worth a lot more than that."
,Recommended,232430,10477738,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Philip Seymour Walkman,Gone Home is a shining example of the usefulness of video games as a medium to tell a story.
,Recommended,232430,10541540,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Verion,"This game...This game is something else.Now, first a disclaimer:If you don't want to play a game where you search every single nook and cranny of a house to find out where your sister went, then don't buy this game. There is a lot of picking though items to find certain things.That said, if you are intrigued by the game, just buy it and play it. If you don't like the gameplay, you'll at least love the narrative. It only takes about 1-2 hours to beat, so you can't complain about it getting drawn out.If you like either exploration and find-it games or amazingly written narratives (or both), get this game immediately."
,Recommended,232430,10758045,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,MagiC,"this game is so good that i don't know how to explain its awesomeness.it's not a multiplayer game you spend hours n hours playing it, there's no gun no monster no killing n shooting n climbing n ... it's just a story, a simple but great story...if u have 3-5 dollars (steam sale) and you're tired of being a killing machine, buy this story exploration game and enjoy the best hour(s) of your gaming career..."
,Recommended,232430,10771877,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,919BigT,"A great and important story, with a wonderfully creepy atmosphere; however, the length of the game and simplicity of puzzles drag down the overall game.  While I do recommend this game's story, do not buy this at full price.  Atmosphere is a major point in Gone Home's favor, and maintains the feeling that one gets after turning off the basement lights to go upstairs.  Some of the notes are written in cursive, which makes them annoying to actually read.In short, an important and well written story presented as a video game, but would have done better as a film.  If the developers had put in better puzzles beyond A to Z, then this could be a stellar adventure game.DO NOT BUY AT FULL PRICE"
76561197999924361,Recommended,232430,10774613,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Dante,Beautiful.
76561198121189030,Recommended,232430,10776836,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,PinkPepper123,For someone who is not a heavy gamer this game is awesome. It reminds me of the Nancy Drew days with a easy point and click set up. As you move closer to the goal of finding out what happened to Kate's family you learn more about her rebellous sister Sam. I haven't finished this game yet but it was defiently worth purchasing!
,Recommended,232430,10842063,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ilyya,good
76561198110394606,Recommended,232430,9571559,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,MacyTrooper,"I played Gone Home several months ago...and I'm still thinking about it! It was a wonderful journey, really. It was also very addictive: I had to keep figuring out the story, and I think I finished the entire game in just two or three days (approx. 4 hours long total).I got Gone Home during a sale for about 10 euros, but I definitely think it's worth the full asking price in light of the carefully crafted story and environment--I really felt like I was back in the 90s.  And, the voice acting is superb.It's a beautiful little gem of an adventure game, and I highly recommend it."
76561198044027614,Recommended,232430,9602586,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Acefox,"Brilliant storytelling and innovative exploration system. I can see why Gone Home is pulling in all the awards! While it may be debated whether or not it should be considered a ""game"" (I personally see it as digital interactive fiction), for once- few would argue that it's actually art- in this case, literary art. Although it may not be for everyone, those who appreciate films like American Beauty or even J.D. Salinger's classic: Catcher in the Rye should experience this. I can easily see Gone Home setting new ground as a foray into interactive literature.Most interesting, is that the appeal of it all requires that it be digitally interactive- you have to manipulate objects to understand what's going on. It's not just a book converted into electronic format, or even a ""choose your own adventure""- this game creates a new category all its own. There are no puzzles in the traditional sense of exploration games or combat system for what you face- one could literally blow through to the end of this game without discovering a single thing and miss 99% of the story. No- what the creators have crafted is something that only rewards those who try to immerse themselves in the story by being the detective and putting the clues together themselves.Don't get me wrong- there are still faults- it is considered a small indie game. For example, it sometimes feels comical that anyone would leave so many scrawled out messages throughout every corner of a house, especially if they were in a hurry to leave; or the fact that there are no mirrors to ever show the player's reflection - but these are all tiny quirks rather than anything wrong with the gameplay as you feel much more deeply focused on unwraveling the mysteries. And what mysteries would those be? If you're curious to try out something totally different than a regular ""game"", definitely check this out!"
,Recommended,232430,8601604,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Boreas22,"Short and sweet, simultaneously uplifting and sad, Gone Home is an excellent example of how a video can be great with nothing more than a well-paced story and just enough interactivity to keep the player engaged."
76561198055519464,Recommended,232430,9023138,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,schackjt,"I read the story before I played the game because I wasn't convinced that 20 dollars would be worth it. The story really impacted me, so I listened to the voice overs in the game. That pretty much shattered any doubts I had, so I bought it, and I'm damn glad I did. This game is something I would classify as ""experimental,"" at least in comparison to the typical ways in which we experience this medium today. It has a story that is not about violence or combat. It doesn't have levels or points. It is merely a game in the sense that the media is presented electronically, and the consumers have the capacity to alter how that presentation plays out. And yet, in this simplification of the typical hodgpepodge of gaming structures and tropes that typically makes up the mainstream, you get something special. You get a delivery mechanism that pushes past our awareness that we are playing a game, that the characters were designed, and the voices recorded. We begin to believe somewhere within out hearts that this is real. And with that emotional persuasiveness comes an amplification of the already powerful story that is the core of this game. I was in tears from the beginning. I was in tears by the end. Perhaps it was because the experience strongly related to those of my own. Who knows? I do know this. If there were more games like this out there, I wouldn't hesitate paying ten times the cost in order to get the same sensation that I received from this one. Godspeed, ""Gone Home,"" Godspeed."
76561198057876569,Recommended,232430,9140634,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,tomerrose141,"I was skeptical at first about this ""game"",the reason i say ""game"" and no game is that this is more a living short story.You play as Kaitlin Greenbriar, just returning home to find for a year long trip from europe. You find the front door locked and no one inside.I really like how you are thrown into the ""game"" with no information what so ever, even basic controls you need to go into the menu to find out.Without giving anything away i will just say that i strongly recommend gone home.It has a very ellegent way of bringing the story together piece by piece.Go nuts!"
,Recommended,232430,9147379,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,iamvishnu,"I've heard a lot about Gone Home over the few months since its release, and the reviews have been mixed. Some claim the game to be “boring” and “not a game,” however these narrow-minded simpletons have clearly missed the point of the whole affair. Gone Home, while not perfect, is a fantastic experience, and anyone who enjoys storytelling in video games is doing themselves a disservice in not giving Gone Home a chance.StoryThe date is June 7th, 1995. You play as Kate Greenbriar, a 20-something-year-old who has just returned from a lengthy pan-European vacation to the house into which your family has just moved. You arrive home at 1:15 AM in the midst of a thunderstorm to find the house empty and no sign of where your family has gone. It's up to you to explore the house and piece together the story.The story presents itself in a piecemeal fashion, through reading notes, letters, cassette tapes, and listening to audio versions of journal entries from your younger sister, Sam. Through these bits of information, you're able to piece together the backstory. In this way, the game feels a lot like the beginning of Bioshock Infinite, which makes sense, as much of Bioshock's creative team also worked on this game. I enjoyed being able to piece together parts of the story for myself rather than having it spoon-fed to me, however it didn't require a huge amount of deduction on my part.Also, while each family member (the mom, the dad, Kate, and the sister Sam) each have their own storyline, I really only felt like Sam's was that fleshed out. In fact, Sam's story was so fleshed out that I consider her to be the main character and not Kate. At the end of the game I felt like I had only uncovered about a third of the whole story. Don't get me wrong, though, Sam's story was fantastic, and it really moved me. However I feel like the game could have expanded a lot more than it was.GameplaySince Gone Home is more of a visual novel game, it's only natural for it to be light on gameplay. Your controls consist of basic first-person movement controls, as well as zooming with shift or the right mouse button, crouching with control, accessing your map and inventory, and clicking on items to interact or pick them up. Most of the game involves you walking through rooms of the house, reading notes, and picking up and examining everything. The sheer amount of stuff you can pick up is impressive, even if most of it is completely useless, such as pens, tissue boxes, and cups.When you mouse over some objects, instead of the usual “Pick up X” message, the game will show what Kate is thinking about the object, like “That's one of Dad's books.” There are some great ones, but telling you would give away the fun of it.One minor issue I had with the controls was that the walking can felt a bit clunky at times, and I feel like the head bob was a bit overdone.Overall, the game can be completed in about 2 hours, even if you're taking your time. As I mentioned before, the game feels too short, especially for a $20 price tag. Also, while the game advertises exploration and discovery, the game is remarkably linear. While there is a bit of freedom to the order in which you visit the rooms, the overall path through the house is fixed, which greatly reduces the player's sense of control and freedom. While this isn't a huge deal, especially considering the type of game this is, I did go into the game expecting something completely different.PresentationWhile this game's story is moving, it would be nothing without the presentation. Let me start off with the atmosphere. As I mentioned at the start of this review, the game takes place in the middle of the night during a thunderstorm, which is the perfect way to set the game's mood. The sound of rain pelting the house's windows along with the occasional crack of thunder provides a backdrop upon which the rest of the game is set.The game's music score complements the storm with calming-yet-mysterious strings that further envelop the player in the game's mood. Contrasting this are various cassette tapes of garage punk bands that the player can find throughout the house and play over tape players and stereo systems. If you grew up in the 90's, or have at least seen the Scott Pilgrim movie, the endearingly-♥♥♥♥♥♥ recordings should speak to you.The amount of detail that was put into the game's environment is impressive. Each item you can pick up has enough detail to make it look real. I'm not just talking about the graphical quality, I'm talking about actual bits of detail put into items, such as the bar codes on the back of the books, a maze on the back of a cereal box that's been solved in pen, and more. Granted, there are some minimally-textured items, and the three-ring binders look like a low-poly pile of crap, but just about everything else was given a huge amount of consideration into making it look real.Ok, it's finally time to talk about the 90's. This game is set in 1995, and so much about the game is created to give the player a 90's flashback. Fortunately the game doesn't overload you with references like a “Remember the 90's” Facebook page, but it's nice to see subtle hints, like VHS tapes, Super Nintendo cartridges, Cassette tapes, Rage Against the Machine, and more. The subtlety of the references takes the player back to the 90's in a natural way, without it feeling like a cheap gimmick to squeeze nostalgia out of the player.It's this sense of reality that gives the game such clout. The story is real and relateable, if somewhat predictable, and the setting is so convincing that at some point it stops feeling like playing a game and more like you're actually walking through the house.TL;DRGone Home is a fantastic narrative experience that manages to capture a sense of the real and relateable and present it back to the player in a way that speaks to them on a personal level. However, the game is super short and leaves a lot of loose ends. $20 is far too much to ask for a two-hour game with almost no replayability. That being said, if you can get the game for under $10, I would highly recommend doing so.Pros:` Great story` Immersive experience` Insane amounts of detailCons:` Very short` Fairly linear` Unanswered questionsFinal Score: 8/10"
,Recommended,232430,9601156,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,vairafox,"Beautiful. A true experience, unconstrained by most definitions of what a ""game"" is."
,Recommended,232430,10432957,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,xx.n0thing,"While I would hesitate to call Gone Home a ""game"", I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone interested in an enjoyable and well crafted piece of interactive fiction. If you have the attention span of a typical Monster-swilling knucklehead, skip it."
,Recommended,232430,10489368,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,SabreCat,"I had heard good things about this game. I'd heard that it had ""LGBT themes"". I'd heard that its creators, the Fullbright Company, are principled folks who pulled out of Penny Arcade Expo because of the PA figureheads' asshattery. And Gone Home tended to get mention when the question of ""games as art"" came up.Wow. All of those things are right on. This game will hit you right in the heart, in the best way possible. It's video gaming's equivalent of high literature: the hours you spend with it are not wasted time or recreation, they're enlightenment. When you get the chance, Go Home."
76561198081150043,Recommended,232430,10764716,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TheEnragedMage,OW MY FEELS. OWWWWWWWWW.OH DEAR GOD. Ok the atmosphere of the giant house was perfect for this creepy setting but it felt kinda out of place with the story being so sweet and sad. The story was brilliant the puzzles were meh and the setting was weirdly out of place but in place at the same time. 8.5/10
,Recommended,232430,10769922,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Potato,"I RECOMMEND THIS GAME FOR ANYONE LOOKING FOR SOMETHING DIFFERENT.The people who say that this isn't a ""game"" are somewhat correct.  But it does have gameplay and a story.  So if that doesn't make it a game then what does?  Throughout the whole game my mind was reeling trying to piece together each piece of paper I read.  Luckily I was wrong and the story ended happier than I thought it would.  throughout the game I wanted to collect every note i could find.  I was unable to do this, but it didn't detract from the story at all.  If you're worried about having to spend hours looking for some paper hidden behind a bookshelf, it doesn't matter.  Overall the story is what brings this game up in the rankings.  Also the emotions.  That is all."
76561197973502081,Recommended,232430,10782329,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Link,"Playing Gone Home made me feel like I was roleplaying a looter. Nothing was sacred and everything on a shelf or a ledge or a table ended up on the floor (although sometimes the object would fall through the floor). Some of the rooms felt like they could be a real place, while others felt like they had been crammed with stuff for no discernable reason. Three ring binders appear to be the calipers of this game. Oddly enough, I happened upon the location of the attic key less than 2 minutes into the game (with me thinking, ""well that escalated quickly...""), though thankfully I decided to explore the rest of the house first.Overall, I think the game was pretty good though substantially less deserving of the insanely hyperbolic praise delivered by the gaming press. I think I would have been disappointed if I had purchased it at full price. However, at $3 I think it was a pretty fair price. Total completion time clocked in at around 100 minutes (including some time just messing around)."
76561197994666222,Recommended,232430,10817935,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,reskiltith,Great coming of age story.
,Recommended,232430,10844041,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,A$AP JAKE,"Length:                             4/10Story:                                9/10Voice Acting and Sound: 10/10Graphics                            8/10A lot of reviews about this game are conflicted, rightly so. This review will be as neutral as possible, and in my honest opinion after playing the game and reading many reviews, I feel like this game is worth playing (for $5 and under).First of all, the story is very short. The game can easily be accomplished under an hour if you have experience with games of this genre (Dear Esther, Myst Series) and less than 5 minutes if you have a guide. However, the short story is compensated by how real and deep the story is which is enhanced by the fantastic voice acting and Stereo sound. This game is a coming of age story that will give you shivers in how real and relatable the story is. Some reviews comment on how the game makes you feel like you are solving a murder mystery or the house is haunted with certain hints (red hair dye in the bathroom, ghost games in the closet, satanic ritual pentagrams etc.) yet these are all explained by the story, the very real story. If you expect horror and mystery, this game isn't Sherlock Holmes, nor Amnesia. Ultimately this game will entertain those who love the point and click genre, as it is a very simple Dear Esther and has a similar feel to the newer Mysts, yet the game is universal in how understandable the story is, even if the game is shorter than I would like it to beWorth buying?For under 10 $"
,Recommended,232430,7961248,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,kru,"The game is perfectly tailored to my generation, a teenager during the 90s.  A beautiful story awaits anyone with a few hours to play it through.  For me, this is right up there with To The Moon."
,Recommended,232430,8446046,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Soda51,"The greatest example of Games Literature and sure to become a cornerstone for Indie Gaming.No world to save, no princess to rescue, no murder to solve, and no ""everything is a metaphor-look how deep and clever we are"" pretentiousness;  Gone Home is content to tell a simple story about a teenager's struggles growing up in 90's southwest America.   It tells this story brilliantly through a type of modern archeology, where a family's living space and belongings provide clues to the people who own them.  Fully realized (although a bit romanticized)  the game's characters feel realer and more alive than any big budget, mo-capped, A-list acting, AAA game ever has; all without ever appearing on screen.Unique, thought provoking, and inspirational, Gone Home could easily fill an entire semester of interdisciplinary studies.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,232430,8519088,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Nobaddy,"It was interesting, I liked it."
,Recommended,232430,9133753,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Slayer7744,"Amazing game, amazing story narrative. Recommended for those who enjoy a casual story driven game. I had goosebumps at the end. 10/10."
76561198008017273,Recommended,232430,9149477,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,DrunkenELf,"If you appraoch this game with the right mindset and can appreciate the really good level design, this game is fantastic. There is a reason this game got game of the year on so many websites. It refreshing to have a video game that doesn't have a science fiction story or fantasy story.Just remember to really take your time and enjoy all the little details in the setting, there is always something new to look at and study. Just don't expect the high flying adventure every other game is."
,Recommended,232430,9149941,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Crazygoats23,Good game. Wish it was longer though
,Recommended,232430,11011196,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,daxterboy88,"I purchased this game during the Steam Sale and I really enjoyed it. Granted the game is short in length, it is fun to play and explore. It's no great or grand Exploring Story RPG, but it is a game with a story. The game and story are set up against a creepy backdrop. You aren't sure what is happening, which is why you explore. I thought this game had heart, it had some truth to it. It is very hard to find games that have this sort of heart and depth (in my opinion). Perhaps I am bias because I found myself relating to the story a bit. Either way, I don't think this game deserves as much as hate and shade that is being thrown on it. Granted, I would be upset if I spent the original price amount for this game. Due to the length of the game, I would say the sale price is what the original stand alone price should be."
,Recommended,232430,11019561,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,deadcantdance,"Wonderful story and really worth to play. Katie came home, but no ones at home. (Every word more would be a big spoiler). It's a story based exploration game and short. I played for 2,5 hours. I didn't expect the storyline and the ending. Purchase it, when it's on sale if you like a good story."
,Recommended,232430,11022069,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Berus,"Great story, great narration and great music. It feels like playing in a movie. If you want more challenge, tweak the Gameplay in Options from the beginning."
,Recommended,232430,11026477,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,lady_elimere,"This was such a compelling game. If you're the type of gamer that loves to pick up objects for no other reason that just because you can, rotate, look at it from every angle and read every little post-it note, then this one is for you- us, actually ;)Spoilers ahead!When I started playing I hadn't really looked into what it was about or any sort of spoilers, but I did know it was an interactive story. I also came to it after playing survival horror games so, as you can imagine, the first crack of thunder kind of freaked the hell out of me. I'm not ashamed to admit I'm a bit of a wuss when it comes to horror games- I expect something to jump out at me from every shadow, I see figures in windows that aren't there... Gone Home is the perfect nightmare for me. Dark rooms, thunder, lightning, door knobs rattling and you're likely to find me hiding under to bed. That said, it was also thrilling. The sheer terror you get from being alone in a giant house in the middle of the night, with no knowledge of what's around you is scarier than any monster anyone could ever dream up. I have to admit, I chickened out and looked up a spoiler about half way through; I couldn't handle the pressure of the unknown! However, even after I discovered that <SPOILER> nothing sinister was going to jump out at me, I was still scared! Which just goes to show how well designed the game was. Those long dark corridors just screamed spooky! All the darkened windows were terrifying, and everytime I spotted one when I turned around, I jumped a little- with those light curtains almost blending in with the wall, the window ends up with this human-esce form! The sheer lack of sound (aside from the thunder) as you creep around the house just adds to the feeling of how alone you are in this creepy old house. Every time I came across a cassette tape I would play it for the entire time I was in that room, and start it again when I left, just to hear something other than creaking when I moved on. As for the music, it was a wonderful nostalgic blast into the ninties!I do have to say how much I loved the storyline. Trying to figure out what happened to your family through your sisters eyes and discovering what really went on in her life was like someone made this specifically for myself. I hadn't known that one of the main characters was <SPOILER> gay and was pleasantly surprised when I figured it out (before being told such). There are so few games LGBT's can relate to and you usually need to specifically seek them out. I love that this is so well populated. The whole story itself and the way we are drip fed information is expertly done. It was like doing a jigsaw puzzle, and the creators gave us the corner pieces first, the edges and then left us to our own devices to find the rest. The mystery of it all is just the type of thing I love to do.Every time I walked into a room the first thing I did was turn on the light; when I left the room I closed the door, but I would leave the light on. One of my favorite parts was, after doing this a few times, I found a note to Sam (the sister), from their mother, telling her to turn the lights off, specifically stating that she was ""just like your sister."" Clever. I feel like the creators knew the player would be leaving lights on (or ALL the lights on).I do, however, agree that this game is too expensive. It does only go for two hours, which is part of the reason, but mostly because the interest in replay is minimal. Once you know the story you aren't very likely to go back through it again. Maybe after time has passed (like rereading a book) you might have another playthrough. I think the price needs to be halved.Still, it is a really good game and I would reccommend it to all who like a mystery."
76561197995212192,Recommended,232430,11027004,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Nethys,Not bad but don't expect horror.Just a simple story you piece together by executing walk simulator.exeI only recommend it to those who want a very slow paced story with no action at all.Could've been better had they extended the paranormal side of the story but meh!
76561198012503534,Recommended,232430,11028163,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Thoxic Thox,"A must, for anyone with a heart, or whoever was sentient during the early nineties... unique ""game""play, very touching story, interesting side-stories and puzzles. Who needs more?"
,Recommended,232430,11039487,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Th3Giggles,"Hello Everyone, and this is my review for Gone Home.First off, this game is amazing. I loved every minute of it. Even though I loved the game, there are pros and cons to this title.PROS:Not a puzzle game- You can veg out to this game, and not worry about racking your brain with complex puzzle. Plus, there are no monster so you don't have to worry about dying. (Even though that adds content to the game and not everyone sees this as a plus).Nostalgia!!!!!- This game takes place in the 90s, 1995 to be exact, so many movies that I watched and loved are on VHS such as The Dark Crystal, GhostBusters, and TV series such as the X-Files. Many triggers that will send you wanting to go back to the 90s.Punk Music- You can find cassettes around the house and listen to the music in the cassette player. It's pretty baller when you can roam around a house and jam out to punk music.Atmosphere- The house it self was planned out very well. The storm that rolled in gave it that creepy, yet calm environment.Story- The story was very touching, it engulfed the player of what's going on with the family. The notes, postcards, textbooks, and letters were all done amazingly. Very detailed with objects that were interactivable (sp?). The voice acting was amazing!Now, unfortunately, the cons:Lack of content- This game is roughly an hour and a half of game play. It's not terrible, but I wish there was more.Interactive Objects- There were a lot objects around the house that be touched, moved, and flipped, but there were some things were static and can't be touched such as VHS tapes, Laser Disks and others (Not a serious con, since a developer can't make everything interactive.).Overall, I think this was a very good game and I would recommend to anyone who wants a game to relax to and be submerged in a gripping story. However, I do not believe the $19.99 is fair (Sorry The FullBright Company) because of the relatively short story. Maybe add a DLC? :)Thank you for reading this review!"
76561198027652936,Recommended,232430,11054649,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Helmet Hawk,A sucker punch right in the feels.
76561198030962168,Recommended,232430,11060064,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,lukemcspook,"Gone Home is not a traditional game and that's what I like most about it. It's a brief experience that tells a very compelling, emotional story through the eyes of a young woman coming back home from a year-long trip abroad. She comes back to a large, deserted house and it is left up to the player to explore the premises and piece together what happened to her family in the time she's been away. The gameplay is incredibly simple, revolving around exploration and close examination of the highly detailed house that she's unfamiliar with (since her family moved in while she's been away). The game evokes a great sense of atmosphere, as it takes place in the early hours of the morning during a particularly nasty thunderstorm. The high point of the experience is the story that unfolds as you find notes and letters that piece together a short history of what's been happening in the lives of Katie's family members, especially her younger sister, Sam. Without spoiling anything, the conclusion was certainly unexpected and moving. Overall, the narrative is unlike just about any other game story that's come before. It comes from a real place, reflecting real heart and commands a nuanced approach to relevant issues that's very rarely seen in games these days. It may not be a ""game"" in the traditional sense, but it is certainly an experience that everyone should take part in, so that we might start to see what else a game can be and what it can show us."
,Recommended,232430,11062667,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,voodooistcorp,Great game! I recommend playing with good headphones as well as tissues and comfort food to accompany your five-hour crying session after you play this two-hour game.
,Recommended,232430,11064477,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Giliathriel,"While the game was short, it was packed full of story and surprise. I wish more games were like this. I highly recommend playing this is you like a strong story driven game without requiring many gameplay elements beyond simple exploring."
76561198073343336,Recommended,232430,11211264,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Rubberella,It's intense...not exactly your classic game... but this game got really under my skin.
,Recommended,232430,16471279,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Pok,"great story, not what i was expecting from this game!"
,Recommended,232430,16470210,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,MOM,"*I have played this game through despite there currently being a short playtime*Okay, where do I start? As a whole I really do like Gone Home. Most people make the case that it isn't really a game, but I beg to differ. Yes, all you do in this game is explore your home once you return for the summer, but I love the feel of not knowing what to expect as the story unwinds. You can't beat the game without exploring the entire home, so don't worry you won't miss anything. And the game does make you think, which I like. There are a few things you have to figure out before moving on. Asthetically, this game is very pleasing. It is very well made and it is a very beautiful game. I also think the voice acting for this game was very well done, and the music fits in nicely with the feel of the game as well.So, yes, I am recommending this game, but I will also not recommend it to some people. This is a first person point to click adventure game so if you are not into those games as it is, I wouldn't recommend it to you. But if you love following a story and seeing things unfold and come to new light in front of you, then this game is right up your ally. I thoroughly enjoyed it despite it being so short, and I can see myself playing through it here and there again over the years. Although I do not agree with the $20 price tag. Get it when it goes on sale!"
,Recommended,232430,9145995,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,MaverickZero,"Interactive Novel, I totally agree with what others say about this. $19.99 is a rip-off, but at $3.99 - it's worth it. Went into this, not knowing anything about what it was about. But by the end of the story, I enjoyed it.... I think?"
,Recommended,232430,9495538,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Ora,"Let me begin by saying that I actually do not recommend this game.  Well, not to everyone.  It is absolutely only for some people.Gone Home is something that either hits you hard, and you love it, or does absolutely nothing for you.  It is barely even a game, but more of an interactive story.  The creators have an incredible set of story telling skills, making me really feel like I know these people, like I grew up with them and feel what they feel.  The voice acting was spot on, and seemed more to be telling the story of her own experience rather than simply reading her lines.  This is one of the few games that prove that video games can be something more.  An evolution of story telling, as books were to plays, as movies were to books.  The only game that has moved me so was The Path, my favorite game.The only downside I can really find in this game, much like The Path, is that I have been led to feel for these characters, growing close to them, caring about them, and yet I will never hear from them again or know that things work out for them.To summarize, Gone Home is a moving, artisitic game which focuses on exploration to push along the emotional tale the artists had to tell.  If you are the type of person who can appreciate a fine piece of art, or who can empathize with fictional characters on a deep, emotional level, pick this up for something that may stick with you for the rest of your life."
,Recommended,232430,10783819,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Princess Jellyfish,Wasn't what I expected-ended up being much better! Don't go in expecting a lot of action and horror and you might like this game c:
76561198015056934,Recommended,232430,10843137,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mexicansnowball,"I recommend this game to people who aren't looking for anything to stressful and want something easy to play. It's not scary, it's a pretty straightforward house exploration game with good sound effects and music. My one issue with this game, however, is it's price. It almost took me 2 hours to beat the game, and wasn't anything extraordinary. $20 is too much for this, in my opinion. I bought it for $3 during a sale, which is what I would recommend doing if you are interested in this game, wait for a sale!Overall very fun, humorous, and easy to play. However wait for a sale, don't pay full price."
76561198046503351,Recommended,232430,8419894,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bubby,"One of the most touching, heartfelt and moving games in ages. No combat, no NPCs, and no skill trees, just the slow uncovering of a family in the 90's story, the instability and the begining of a new era of acceptance. Gone Home touches you in a way that not many other games can say they do. Its a unique experience that everyone should at least watch a playthrough of, without commentary, that would ruin the personal value the game has. If you are looking for a change from the normal kill monsters, complete quests, solve puzzle, uncover backstory, etc. and just want a simple story of self-discovery and bravado then Gone Home is the perfect, calling it a game may not even be doing it justice, experience you can buy."
,Recommended,232430,8606873,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Hawek,"I't not just a game. It's interactive textbook on how to create unusual and interesting videogame narrative.Great story, great design, great voice acting and little 90's nostalgia trip - it's all in this game.10/10. Everyone should play it."
76561198046924926,Recommended,232430,10167397,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,FlyinSquirrel,"I recommend this game... when it's on sale. It is a VERY interesting experience in medium and storytelling. I wouldn't call it a gamer persay. I beat the game in about two hours, however it will stick with me forever. It's a game that can seem somewhat scary at times, as you always feel as if someone is going to jump out at you, even though there is none. The concept is you come home and you just need to figure out where everyone in your family is. It is storytelling done right, however Idk if it's actually worth a 20 price point due to it's length."
,Recommended,232430,10519030,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Lee Carvallo,11/10 was ok.
76561198070004403,Recommended,232430,10761166,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Half-Sack,"Look, don't buy this game if you're expcting some horror or thriller game. it is short, so don't buy this game and expect to grind at it for days. But if you're looking for a good story with simple mechanics and a cool environment, this game is a great choice. i won't give away spoilers, but i thought that the story was very well thought out and well told.tl;dr: DON'T BUY THIS IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR FAST PACE. BUY IT FOR THE GREAT STORYTELLING."
,Recommended,232430,10774428,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Joey Tribbiani,"Despite Gone Home being an ""interactive exploration"" kind of game, it manages to turn that mundane exploration into an enthralling and emotional journey."
,Recommended,232430,10776841,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,zazenZ,So much fun for a kid from the nineties! Was a blast to hear some riotgrrl bands again and has a really touching story. If you ever crushed on Kathleen Hanna you should play this game!
,Recommended,232430,10781116,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Jon,"This game is amazing.  10/10 must play.It is remarkable when an author or game developer can make you care for their characters.  It's amazing when you care for the characters having never even been introduced to them in a traditional sense.I really don't want to spoil anything.  The main narrative is amazing, and there's clues to other things going on as well.Seriously, 10/10."
,Recommended,232430,9114562,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,ruffneckc,Great story.
76561198067934728,Recommended,232430,9134014,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,tillywizard,"An amazing adventure of exploration and story telling. Filled with nostalgia and a deftly detailed and well woven story that anyone who is, or has been a teen can relate too. I caught it on sale for 7.99 and it's easily the best 8 bucks I have spent in a very long time. I can't recommend this game enough."
76561198058223508,Recommended,232430,9136503,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Pherran,"Here it is in my opinion:-Not worth $20, I paid $8 which is slightly less than a movie ticket, and I felt I got more out of it than a movie.-Great Voice acting and an interesting story. I feel many of the negative reviews didnt quite put much thought into anything and just rushed through it as a game and not a story. If you liked the Stanley Parable you may like this.-I am too young for this game to have a nostalgia factor for me, but I found it didn't matter in the least.-People who think deeply, and take note, in my opinion, will get more out of this Story than those who treat it as a game to be simply played, criticized, and forgotten."
,Recommended,232430,9142621,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,eduardoleonidas,The best and most moving 2 hours I've ever spent in a game.  Beautiful.
76561198013357424,Recommended,232430,9143024,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Hallfwitt,"Absolutely wonderful - moving, gorgeous and filled to thew brim with characters, this game has, possibly, one of the most emotionally truthful and down to Earth narratives ever weaved into a video game. From the moment I heard the first audio diary I was sold.Throw any money you can at this game, please."
,Recommended,232430,9146706,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,H^23,So great I had to finish in one session! Got both the creeps and the feels! 9/10
,Recommended,232430,9147408,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,"TUXEDO Mask @)--,'---","Gone Home plays unlike any game I had played before. The setting and explorative way in which the gamer gets to understand the characters and story is alluring, eerie, and very human. You more time you spend exploring, reading and listening, the more you can enjoy the game. One downside, is that there is little to no re-playability for me.Worth a buy!"
,Recommended,232430,9147961,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,defekt,"To say that both the game's style, i.e., not so much game as interactive postcard, and story have niche appeal would be something of an understatement but if you find games like 'To The Moon' engaging and moving then I think you'll also find 'Gone Home' worth your time.""Thanks for playing.""You are very, very welcome.  :)"
,Recommended,232430,9149936,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Rio,"DO NOT EXPECT ANYTHING LIKE SURVIVAL HORROR.This is an interesting game, but I do find it disappointing that it was touted as supernatural thriller.I'm not certain why there's an inventory, as it is barely used.If you like point and click adventure, you might like this. I'd wait for it to go on sale, though."
76561198026969246,Recommended,232430,9150373,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,cornbreadbake,This was incredible.  Touching and suspenseful at the same time.  i recommend everyone play this.
,Recommended,232430,9595787,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,stigrv,Cute little story about lost love
76561197969592181,Recommended,232430,10998682,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,popetastic,"This game is so good I feel bad for buying it during a sale, take more of my money dammit!"
76561197972610400,Recommended,232430,11013597,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,SPIKE TRAP,"This game is silly, how do you even shoot??"
,Recommended,232430,11061648,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,WhimsicalAssassin,"Wow. Just wow. The first thing you notice is the almost unequivocal sound. The game greets you with creaking floorboards, pattering rain, and intermittent thunder. The suspense is so well designed in such a simple game. The combination of a story-driven atmosphere with a seeker-friendly timeline (those of you that get distraced by dozens of side quests in Elder Scrolls games, get excited to tinker with everything you can find) creates a wonderful experience overall."
76561198060857537,Recommended,232430,11294911,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Scylla,Best walking simulator I've ever played. Inspecting groceries throughly has never been so fun.11/10 would walk again.
,Recommended,232430,7935175,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,PICKLE RIIIIICK,"It's a cute story. There isn't much gameplay, you just walk around your old house examining objects and uncovering the happenings of your sister.Going to be showing friends this."
,Recommended,232430,8437682,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Beingnowhere,"...speechless... Best ""game"" I have played in a LONG time.  Well done!"
,Recommended,232430,8512488,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,pluviophillic | thbc,"Short, but powerful. Gone Home is about family, relationships, growing up, and most importantly, love. Set against a mysterious backdrop, Gone Home subtly and slowly reveals the hidden details of your family's lives, your sister's life in particular. Be warned, don't expect a lot (or any, really) of action, this game is all about exploring and minutia. Highly recommended. Prepare for feelings."
76561197970516402,Recommended,232430,8544864,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,BossJediMonkey,"""That place… is strong with the dark side... In you must go.""""What's in there?""""Only what you take with you.""―Yoda and Luke Skywalker"
,Recommended,232430,8674525,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,awayman,A beautiful experience full of sadness and dread.  I could not recommend it more.
,Recommended,232430,9133941,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Confusionest,"According to Steam I took a mere 1.9 hours to play the game through, and I'm not sure I'd play it a second time.With that said the game really drew me in, and while I guessed at the probable ending early on, that doesn't stop it from being a well told story, with a number of twists and turns, which does really well at keeping tension running."
76561198062116746,Recommended,232430,9137056,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,¡SoloPistolas!,"I bought it, played it, and loved it. First and foremost I've seen a lot of people refer to it as a ""Walking simulator"" or ""Not a game!"" and I couldn't disagree more. I read the description more than a few times when I added it to my wish list. I checkedhowlongtobeat.comand saw the duration was short (2hrs). The developer describes it something along the lines of ""No puzzles, no enemies, explore at your own pace."" I knew what I was getting into; I knew it was something different, something unique. I almost bought it when it first came out, but held off. I paid $8 for it, but I think I would have been okay paying $20 for it.Secondly, the game is based in 1995. I'll say right now, if you don't remember 1995 clearly, you probably don't have the emotional maturity to really appreciate the narrative of this story. There are no guns, there are no monsters, there is not adrenaline filled driving sequences that will keep you on the edge of your seat. As a veteran FPS gamer, this was a risk I was willing to take, I wanted to try something that goes against the grain of typical First Person based games, while still keeping the perspective.Third, this game is real as s**t. I realize a lot of gamers are under the age of 21 and can't possibly fathom a world where you may come home to an empty house, and have to fish for clues to figure out where everyone is. I remember the 90's vividly, it was a time lacking cellphones, text-messages and Facebook. I remember coming home and finding my house empty, and I wasn't able to pull up a Facebook status to see if my parents had checked in somewhere. In that aspect, this game struck a chord. Pushing aside any tough-guy facade you may outwardly express, the truth is all of us in that situation, have had the thought cross our mind that something horrible has gone awry with our loved ones. The rain and general atmosphere of the game is quite eerie, as in the main character returns ""home"" to a house her parents have recently moved into, one she has never actually lived in. Exploring the corridors and looking for light switches, even though by the developer’s claims, you are quite aware no one is going to jump out and kill you... but just like real life, the thought still persists in your mind. You can repeat your claims of chivalry and strength in response to my review, but the truth is, everyone at some point in their life, has gotten a little weary standing in a dim basement. I know I'm not the first person to run up the stairs from a dark basement. It's almost guaranteed everyone who ends up playing this game will inevitably run around turning on every light-switch to make things less eerie, to make sure there are ""no surprises""; despite knowing initially, there won't be any.Lastly, with the atmosphere and environment conquered, there arises a narrative in the form of invoices, pamphlets, notes and audible journal entries left by your sister. Something much deeper than your ordinary game begins to appear. Without spoiling anything, there lies a story of teenage angst, one a lot of us (once again, assuming you’re an adult playing this) can relate to. It’s a feeling of familiarity with respect to searching for a self-identity as a teenager (once again... really must be adult to appreciate all of this). Whether man or woman, straight or gay, black or white, it’s not so underlying adolescent struggle is something that will resonate with the majority of people- It feels in a lot of ways very nostalgic, sad, uninhibited and real- all at the same time.If a game can have me set down my Steyr AUG, stop focusing on head-shots and feel something like that, even if just for a few hours... yea... I recommend the f**k out of it."
,Recommended,232430,9137242,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Rogues83,A fantastic game that deserves more praise than I can give it.
,Recommended,232430,9139260,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,WHAM,No scores this time. The game lasted about 2 hours and left me in a good mood.Warm recommendations to all.
76561198012408365,Recommended,232430,9145005,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Mallagan,"Play this.This was like walking through a movie, or living in a book. You don't fight demons or soldiers, you don't try to steal the enemy flag and carry it across another battlefield to your team, there is no sidescrolling beat'emup action or perilous platforming puzzles for you to think through. There are a few Princesses at the end, but they're meant for each other. You just get to peice together their story.I wish I had played this game sooner. I wish this game had been made sooner. I was that someone, years ago when I was in High School, had shown me this when I needed it. I'm so happy to know that someone who might need this now will be able to see it. To know they're not alone during those early years of your life, when you're trying to figure out who you are and who you're going to be. I hope that people play this and know that they're going to be alright.I can't thank the developers enough for making this game."
,Recommended,232430,9147582,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Massive_gas,"Nice change of pace from action games. You just walk around the house piecing together what happened while you were away. If you don't play this game, ♥♥♥♥ you."
,Recommended,232430,9150185,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Supreme Disillusionment,"Whether ot not I recommend this game will vary depending on the player.Gone Homeis a divisive game, and some would argue whether it could truly be called a game at all.In short,Gone Home's gameplay consists of exploring your parents' empty new home after returning from a year of traveling abroad.  You examine objects and letters and the stories of your family's personal lives unfold.  There are no puzzles or action-sequences; it is exploration only.For me, the stories told, and the methods in which they are told, are profoundly meaningful.Gone Hometells simple, every-day, relatable tales, yet the experience is something that could not be replicated in any medium but a video game.  The fictitious family becomes my family, and their problems are now my problems.For this, regardless of whether you enjoy it or not, I believeGone Homecarries the game industry and its narratives forward in an exciting direction.  And, incidentally, I enjoyed it a whole heck of a lot.Ultimately, it's worth checking out, but perhaps not for the asking price of 20 USD, as the game won't take you more than two hours."
76561198018789464,Recommended,232430,9164303,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Enshaid,I ♥♥♥♥ing Cried.
76561198067018766,Recommended,232430,10504892,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Birdie,"Interesting story line, with many user intractable items. I felt like this game was more of a movie/story but in a user controllable format. There are a couple of simple puzzles and a lot of items to read and interact with. The game only took a couple hours, but was enjoyable for the price (on sale)"
76561198028384664,Recommended,232430,10766275,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Hamspray,"I found this to be very enjoyable, if a bit short. Definitely not worth $20 but thankfully I got it on sale, which is what I would recommend to anyone interested in purchasing the game. Overall, I'd give it an 8/10. Great story and voice-acting but not enough here to justify the $20.00 price tag, so again, just wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,232430,10767827,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,e.mo.tion,"it's very hard to find media where a lesbian relationship (especially one between young girls) is made for the lesbians themselves, not for straight men to find attractive. as a teenage lesbian, this game a nice, honest portrayal of a situation very similar to mine. perhaps if you were bored by it, you weren't the right audience. i see a lot of straight male reviewers talking about how there wasn't enough game for your game, and there are video games with much more ""compelling"" stories than gone home. if so, maybe go play one. i'm sure there's SOMETHING out there for you to connect to; even though gone home exists, there are still other games out there targeted to you. you're not me.the price tag was steep and the game was short, i'm not going to argue with that. i'm cheap as hell and used to spending 20-40 hours in a game, so it was a bit jarring to have it end so soon. with the price of movie tickets, though, it's not the worst thing in the world. it's really more of an interactive story than a video game.at the end of the day, this game wasn't amazing, but it wasn't so detestable, either. i don't understand the amount of vitriol this game got from players. it's also strange that the existence of lgbt people in media is automatically a political agenda. i don't think the devs thought of it that way, but most of the non-lgbt people who played it certainly seemed to. i wonder why."
,Recommended,232430,10772558,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,hagnerd,One of the best games I've ever played. Amazing story. Reccomend playing in one sitting with a good pair of headphones at night with the lights off. Truly exhilerating.
,Recommended,232430,10773054,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,xZerox,This is one of those games that it can be kind of hard to say one way or the other.  At least for me.  I really didn't hate it or love it.  I was expecting something more of a plot twist than what there was but it was fun to explore and see all the 90's references.
76561198025420460,Recommended,232430,10773358,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Skaydee,"This is a fairly short game. There is no challenge or difficulty to playing it. There isn't much replay value once you've explored it once. Its non-sale price is $20. These are the main reasons that reviews say ""not recommended"". If these things concern you, then perhaps you shouldn't buy the game. But let me tell you why I'm still glad I bought it for near full price.Gone Home indulges a desire to poke around iwhere you probably shouldn't and find out all about other people's business while providing you with an acceptable excuse - you are a family member just returning home from a trip abroad. There is no time pressure and there are no set-piece moments. You just explore, discover, and piece together what you think happened in these people's lives based on on the household artifacts you find. There is a main plot line about the younger sister, Sam, side storylines for the mother and father, and a hidden storyline about the great uncle. These storylines thread together and are unfolded in such a compelling, intriguing, and believable way, all by finding discarded and overlooked items around the house. Although each character seems to be completely absorbed in their own life's dramas and oblivious to those of others, each one is vividly brought to life and sympathetic. This is largely because the game flirts with character and horror genre tropes but almost always thwarts them. Your curiosity then can only be satisfied by pushing on to rummage through more of their belongings.This game is a point-and-click adventure game without clever puzzles. It's a first-person game without trigger-finger challenge. The engagement that the game asks for is in putting together the things you find out, guessing at what is happening before you find more, and trying to understand the more oblique clues. The reward is a deeper understanding of the characters, their actions, their interactions, and their motivations. For example, to find out why the father is fixated on writing about the JFK  assassination, you'll need to delve deep into the history of the house and its previous owner. Why is that a reward? Well, because the more you explore and reveal, the more complex and memorable the characters become.There are lots of fun, fast-paced games I've played and I certainly don't regret playing them, but looking back, I don't remember much. To have created a game that is memorable, that makes you care about its characters, and makes you reflect on its darker implications after you've finished playing it - this is a remarkable achievement. All the more remarkable that Gone Home can achieve this by taking only a couple hours of your time while other games can't achieve this in 50 hours. So no, I don't regret buying it, and if you've made it to the end of this review, I suspect that you won't either."
76561198034871211,Recommended,232430,10773375,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,andersen.cj,"I got this on sale, so unlike other reviews I don't have to gripe about value vs play time.  Much like Dear Esther, this is an exploration walkthrough story more than what many are used to in a ""game"".  It was very enjoyable to slowly piece together everything, and the story was both sad and ultimately sweet.Action and thrills are at a minimum, and the writers have put the pieces of this together masterfully.  This game kept me thinking and wondering what I was going to discover next throughout the short playthrough (a couple of hours, depending on how slowly to make your way through it)."
76561198056107936,Recommended,232430,10775351,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,scully,this game is awesome. i've never seen a game have this type of story.
76561198141332472,Recommended,232430,10776383,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,mscalico,"Haunting, tragic and personal.  Don't underestimate a simple concept of home exploration because this little mystery game has a thoughtfully, and meticulously, detailed atmosphere and a real depth to the story you unfold including a few twists by interacting with everything around you.  Who knows what you'll miss when you leave the country for awile?  P.S. Stop sending this family highlighters for Christmas."
,Recommended,232430,10779780,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,VIVacious,"-~-If you're into story and character development, then this game would interest you. It's about the oldest daughter, Kaitlyn (""Katie"") of two semi-successful parents coming back home after an extended tour of Europe. When she arrives, she finds her family's new home empty with traces of the people that were once there in almost every room.You explore the house, slowly removing the ivy that has intertwined and covered what has happened to you/Katie's family.This game tells a story that is relevant to our changing social values as a world. However, one drawyback is that even though it is an exploration type game it is over fairly quickly. I got it during the Steam Summer Sale (2014) for $5 and it was a good deal. I wouldn't pay more than that since it only took a few hours to complete at most. It was over pretty fast  but the story was good and gives you closure.-~-"
,Recommended,232430,10780158,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Rashomon,So awesome. This is maybe the only video game I have ever played that I can honestly say: great story.
,Recommended,232430,10780804,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Tóti,"Its like reading a greate book. Suspence, exploration and fear. You become involved and sucked into the narritve."
,Recommended,232430,10784363,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Minojiko,"To start off with, this game is not a survival horror game as the trailer makes it seem. I purchased the game when it was on sale so I don't have much to say when it comes down to the price vs. longevity of gameplay but I fell in love with the style of the game as well as the concept.(Spoilers Ahead)The fact that the game seems to be a survival horror type, in my opinion, is an ironic gesture by the developers. Here we have this vacant, possibly haunted, house, during a heavy storm with blackout as well as flood warnings and many people will be on the edge of their seats because of the atmosphere set up by the game. Progressing through the game makes it even more so as some lights are unreliable, there's a satanic star with your grandfather's picture on it, along with many other things, but in the end it just finishes with you finding out where Sam is. It made me laugh, here I am scared of a ghost popping out at any time and nothing happens, and that deserves some amount of respect to be honest.(Spoilers Finished)All in all it was a fun way to kill a couple hours and I bought it cheap so I don't mind how quick the game was. As it is still on sale I recommend buying it and giving it a go if you were/are looking into it."
,Recommended,232430,10838830,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,vonnegut,"ebert was wrong, games can be art, interactive storytelling, etc"
,Recommended,232430,10884721,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mr Saturn,"Short, but you could probably spend another hour or two just finding things about the family's life. There's enough spoiler reviews, just play it. If you don't feel like spending money on a ~2 hour game then don't, but I think the story was very satisfactory."
76561198087435785,Recommended,232430,10897800,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,kenb413,This game is seriously amazing. It's short and won't take you too long to beat but the atmosphere is phenomenal and the emotional payoff from the ending is spot on. Not the typical action adventure type that i go for but this game is more about the story line and that storyline is flawless. Playing it feels alot the same as playing Staley's Parable so if you weren't a fan of that one then this might be for you but if you have any interest in that game type at all PLAY THIS GAME!!!
76561198035373358,Recommended,232430,11006625,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,SciSan,Lesbians
76561197972311359,Recommended,232430,11006735,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Jay six-six,"Not really a game as such, more an interactive story.But what a story!5/5"
76561198132341737,Recommended,232430,11007879,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,EvilCupCake47,"Gone Home is not quite something that you will be expecting. The intrigue and tone that holds you are what will keep you going, but I myself cannot help but feel slighted by the ending. It is not long by any means, able to be completed in one sitting if one so chooses (about 2 hours), but once you solve the mystery there's not much else to the game. The story is fantastic and is given to you in scattered bits either by writings you need to zoom in on or notes strewn about the house with the standard controls doing just fine to accomadate necessary movements. To sum up the game in a whole, I felt like I was playing a mature bedtime story"
,Recommended,232430,11009737,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,PastelMage,"I bought this game because a friend promised me it'd cater to my tastes in games, and boy were they right. Because of the game environment, it made me feel suspense and gave me horror vibes at times. As far as the plot, you're an adult returning home to your family but no one is home, you investigate to see where is everyone is and what's happened since you were away. The story that drives this game is deep, personal, and a tale that many can relate to. I honestly wasn't expecting to be so emotionally impacted by this game. If you enjoy well crafted story telling that relies on atmosphere, investigation, and clues, please giveGone Homea chance and play it. It's full of heartache, change, and tells you the story of the lives of an American family in the 1990s. I had bought it during a Steam Sale for under $5, but I personally feel like it's worth the price tag if you're looking for a game that focuses on story and finding the truth."
,Recommended,232430,10433445,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Rainbow Cage,feel creeped out in your own house the game.10/10would share with other people.
,Recommended,232430,10434585,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Air Buffalo,"Gone Home, a sweet game with a bite of eerieness to tie off on a 90 minute walking sim. The storyline is complex yet simple and so refined. This game is a good experience for a one time play-through. I believe aspects of the game could have been improved. Very misleading due to the fact it has a creepy look to the game yet it's not creepy at all. Overall okay game would not pay full price for this game $5 max. Grab it on sale if you are honestly interested."
76561197980040180,Recommended,232430,10435003,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,digiDon,"First off, I loved this game. I play games for the story they tell and the way they make me feel and this game made me feels. It captures the slice of time/space it is shooting for, all the bikini kill zine angsty 90's goodness brings me right back to being in high school in the 90's. No guns, no monsters but it really keeps you guessing right till near the end. If you are the kind of gamer that craves quality over quantity then it's perfect. Short and good and totally worth the small amount of money I paid for it."
76561198082254770,Recommended,232430,10435231,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Bardouv,"Short at only about 2 hours. I played thru in one sitting because it was too good to stop. Out of all the hundreds of dollars I have spent, if I could go back and only purchase one game, this is THE ONE. This game is the only game I have EVER played that made me CRY. I cried the night I left my girlfriend of almost 2 years; one month later I stay up late to play this game and out of !@#$ing nowhere this game stabs me in the heart. I have no other words; buy this game."
76561198116113488,Recommended,232430,10435288,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,comicfan88,"This has to be one of the best games EVER MADE!  I was crying by the end of the game over how good the story was and how freckin amazing it was.  This is truly one of the best storylines, in a game, EVER!"
76561198122322596,Recommended,232430,10435402,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,TheDerpDevil,"I liked this game for what it was. The best thing I can tell people that are considering buying this game is to make sure they know what they are buying. It's not action-packed, or scary, or really anything besides the story it tells. However it is enjoyable if you go into it with that in mind. The price is really my only problem. I'd recommend waiting until it is on sale since it is pretty short and replay value is low."
,Recommended,232430,10435903,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Danubian,"Interesting game with a well thought out story and narrative, but I find it very hard to justify the current $19.99 pricetage. Get it on sale if you are interested in a purely story driven game."
76561197992295289,Recommended,232430,10437784,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Kallixti,"Gone Home is in turns eerie, touching, and great.  I see a lot of complaints that it isn't a ""game""; in that sense, neither are visual novels, one-path rpgs, etc.  I went in spoiler-free, and was glad that it allowed the story to draw me in.  No surprise seeing a bunch of reviews calling it some cheap cave-in to a female demographic since it's, you know, featuring women protagonists.  It isn't for anyone wanting high levels of interaction or puzzle solving, but if you're interested in being drawn into an environment to experience a story as much as consume it, Gone Home is wonderful.And if it sucked, I'd say so, and still praise it for ""pandering to third-wave feminists"".  If inclusivity is pandering, bring it on."
,Recommended,232430,10438001,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,emmarmalade,"Gone Home is more of an interactive novella, than a (conventional) video game. It urges the player to engage with and become a part of the Greenbriar family's life. The player is placed in a visually unexceptional, but thematically rich domain. As the player becomes immersed in their surroundings they engage with themes surrounding the third wave feminist movement of the 1990s, homosexuality, religion, adultery and writer's block. In the space of an hour (or two), the player has become invested in the live's of the Greenbriar family, akin to the empathy a reader will feel with the characters of a well-loved book. There is no great difficulty in this game, and no skill required - however an investigative and quizzical disposition is a must. While there are many reviewers in the steam community who have been sorely disappointed by promises that Gone Home is 'the game of the year' - the game will not disappoint those who are open to story-driven gameplay that involves no interaction with other characters. This game goes well and truly beyond its mark when considering the depth and detail it has devoted to providing a nuanced landscape that is coloured only by its relation to the importance of particular items, written material and sound devices. The attention to these details in Gone Home should inspire other progressive game developers to enhance the role of story in their own video games."
,Recommended,232430,11010064,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Awk,"Touching, memorable, nostalgic and emotional. A gripping experience that begs to be explored, and rewards you for it."
76561198017304888,Recommended,232430,11022858,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,shakespear,Fantastic game. I really enjoyed the exploration of the house and the soundtrack. Stellar story line and I hope that the story is continued later on
,Recommended,232430,11038826,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Lomsor,"Finally an adventure game that tunes down the scare a bit.There are others. But none have managed to make me more at ""home"" then this one did. Even with the kinda disturbing stuff at the beginning it only took me half an hour and the house made me sink into all those small details and charakters ... even though I was alone it didn't take me long to feel at home again.I really like what they did with the physics. It isn't cumbersome but also enables you to feel a little more free to order the stuff as you wish withouth those clunky noises and behavior I know from the source engine.I really loved the discovery and the alowance of picking my own pace.Though the: ""You can only go there because this is an adventure game and you need to find the key first"", moments existed it only came up half a dozen times troughought the game. Would love more like these."
,Recommended,232430,11063735,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Carro,"While the pricetag is a little steep for the amount of content provided - it is an incredibly short game; it took me a small handful of hours at most to complete - the story more than amply solidifies this as one of the best purchases I have made on Steam yet.  The tale is gripping, and the pacing is relaxed - there are no monsters, no interactable characters, so if you are looking for a challenge or a fight, Gone Home is not the game for you.  If, however, you are in the market for a truly unforgettable story and you happen to catch this title on sale (snagged it during the Summer Sale for 66% off!), I cannot recommend this more highly.  It is proof positive of the concept of games as art.  10/10"
,Recommended,232430,11065354,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,IIILonginusIII,"Gone Home simply put is a play on your instincts in all the right ways. The most incredible aspect to the game is how powerful the storyline plays out in such a short amount of time. Incredibly the subplot can arguably be greater than if not as good as the main storyline. It is packed with so many layers of character development and metaphors that it casues the mind to natrually wonder and connect to these people as well as your emotions. Thats where the game pays off, the human connection between the player and a family. Well worth the price tag and a great steal if you had purchased it durring a steam sell. The only negative thing is that it is a short play and leaves you wanting more."
76561198068386903,Recommended,232430,11755278,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,RobustNinja,"The one thing I loved most about Gone Home is the fact that you don't really play the main character. Watching your Sister and family's story unfold was a great change to a lot of narrative driven games of late. I loved the story, the ending was fantastic, and overall the game looked fairly well. I will say I think $20 is a tad steep for 1.5 hours of game play, but its a wonderful story that I wont really forget for awhile."
76561197993288349,Recommended,232430,9566240,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Aleksander,I really liked this game. It was a litte scary and i fantastic story. A good game to play when you are boored with annything else.
,Recommended,232430,11004195,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Flat Chest Hunter,"At first, i wasn't so sure if this game will be worth my time and money.turns out it's really worth it.The narration in this game is really something..."
76561198067712874,Recommended,232430,11060302,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,dennyhb,"Gone Home is a satisfying blend of nostalgia, exploration and discovery. Although it is not a very long game, it is wothwhile going back later to catch all the nuances that one misses on the first walk through. It is well worth an evening of fun especially with friends . It is refreshing not to need to spend a 100 hours to complete the experience. It's more like watching a good movie than anything I've played lately. Highly recommended!"
76561198055766598,Recommended,232430,11222068,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Mom,"My first impression of this game was maybe something similar to the Slender man game but it really surprised me. You play as Katie the eldest of two siblings, you come to your new home from a long trip from europe only to find no one -is- home.Without getting into detail you explore your home to find out what happened to everyone. I was very pleased with the game play and hidden things you could find inside the house easter eggs included.The game itself is not very long, roughly two hours. I was lucky enough to get it on sale so I felt the price was reasonable for the length and content of the game. I would still highly reccommend this game to anyone who loves mystery themed g ames."
,Recommended,232430,9134742,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,bodyinthewater,"short, simple,   more story than game ,,"
,Recommended,232430,9235594,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,mott,"This game has a great storyline and narrative but not as good as The Stanley Parable's narrative.I got bored after a while and I did not know how to advance to another room, maybe I felt like this because I didn't read everything in great detail or I didn't appreciate the game enough, and also it is ridiculously short (One hour to complete for me anyway).I don't hate Gone Home, I just don't love it."
76561197976929844,Recommended,232430,9495020,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Stooge 3,Awesome. Unexpected.
,Recommended,232430,9539423,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,jdbecker619,This was a unique interactive story. Nothing mind blowing but a refreshing break from my usual fps/aaa gaming. I would recommend it because its cheaper and more interesting than most the movies out right now.
,Recommended,232430,9594314,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Smackles,"if you are me or very similar to me then this is perfect. definitely not a game, tho."
76561198069334903,Recommended,232430,9740728,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,RocktheRed52,I struggle when I think about the type of person I would recomend this game too.  Certainly if you spent a decent portion of your formative years in the 90's the game is great for nostalgia.  The rumors of the game being capable of being beaten in a matter of minutes are certainly true though if you take this route I'd argue it kind of defeats the purpose of the game which is really to explore the house.Regardless it is a love it or hate it game for most people and its hard for me to describe it without risking spoilers.  I guess I could say that if you're more willing to take a risk on a different type of game the $20 price tag shouldn't be too big of a deal but if you're uncertain and a little risk averse you can wait for the game to go on sale. I've seen it featured once but I'm not sure how often they discount it.I personally bought the game at $20 and was very happy with it FWIW.The only thing I can be sure of is that if you just want to shoot stuff then you won't enjoy this game at all.
,Recommended,232430,10430841,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Neil,Very interesting little game. Good for about 2 hours of playing but keeps you intrigued throughout. By the time it pans out you'll discover a sweet story layered on top of one or two disturbing background stories. It's eerie in places without ever crossing the line into cheap scares. Well worth a go if you can spare the few euro.
,Recommended,232430,10431715,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,llyander,"I think if I paid full price for this, I would be a little disappointed.  That's my only real criticism. It is VERY short.  Like ""Against the Sleep"" short.Gone Home is a game in the same way that Analogue: A Hate Story is a game, or The Stanley Parable.  They're games that set out to tell us a story, to draw us into the world of a small handful of characters and make us care about them.  Gone Home is a story with no villains, no monsters, no demons.  It's a story about a family with problems and how each person deals with their own issues.It's sweet, it's a little sad, and with the current discount it's well worth your money."
,Recommended,232430,10432079,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,felixnoctis,"I absolutely loved this game, but I can understand why some people are disappointed.  This isn't a horror game, and the story is best understood by people who meticulously go through every room and check every item.  The story was good, the atmosphere was great, the music choice was excellent, and my only complaint was that it was a bit short."
76561197997576071,Recommended,232430,10433108,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,darthdave117,"Maybe not worth the usual $20 pricetag, but if on sale, buy it. Cool, one-shot story."
76561198028985555,Recommended,232430,10433691,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Z138,Short but fun.
76561198100375579,Recommended,232430,10433846,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Pink_Mist_45,Very creepy setting and an overall great experience
76561198072570174,Recommended,232430,10434603,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Figgerson,"Gone Home is an interactive coming-of-age story presented through great attention to detail and stellar voice acting. Gone Home is very adult 'game', not in the sense that it's graphic or that it contains tons of cursing, it's adult in the sense that to truly appreciate the experience you must go in with a mature mindset. The game is very emotional and requires the players upmost attention just as you would give a movie. Worth the base price of 19.99? Probably not. But if you are curious, pick it up during a sale, you may be glad you did. (Oh, and the music is great)S+L 4EVR"
,Recommended,232430,10435286,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,W00kiehero,"The story is short, but really well written. Got me playing to the end in about three hours. I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,232430,10435761,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Corvid_,"Lots of points for the atmosphere, writing, and characters.Not much more beyond that. If you'd enjoy fixed story line while walking yourself down hallways and into secret areas, go right ahead. This game won't catch many people's interests, and with good reason. All in all, when on sale I highly recommend it (and it is a story subject that isn't explored too deeply and certainly not in video games), any other price and you'll end up angry you paid too much for this."
,Recommended,232430,10437459,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Awze,"After reading some of the other reviews and playing through the game my self, Gone Home is a good story. It was pretty unnerving at first, but once i got used to the house it was okay.Would i recomend you buy this game? would say Yes with a but, or no with an unless. i had the fortune of picking it up with a 66% off sale, which i would advise to most anyone who likes a good story told through past journal entries. (think the entire back story of the first Resident Evil)is it worth $20? no, however if you see it for less than 10 or so (at the time of writing this its $6.79) i would say most definately yes"
,Recommended,232430,10454950,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,ArisuTowa,"Not sure what these steam reviewers are talking about, this is a great game, even more, an emotional experience.  I do not see nothing wrong with telling a story through a game especially it becomes way more emersive then a movie since you are there, you are one of the characters, not just the audience.Sure it doesnt really have amazing gameplay, its not an fps, but the story and the whole immersion and well written characters is worh a playthrough.  I wish more developers made games/experiences as this, there were few like this, ""to the moon,"" ""Dear Esther"" come to mind, even Heavy Rain in a sense.I truly enjoyed this and I hope there will be more to come from these great devs, and others.  A game is not just fast action, mashing buttons, etc., its a way of expression and best kind of immersion you can experience from any media if done right. And this game was just that.If you haven't played it, do yourself a favor and do so, you wont regret it, especially now as it is on sale for 7 bones, now thats a steal.Thank you."
76561198042232846,Recommended,232430,10509710,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,DrDoomMD,Great game. Short but sweet. Love to see what the team comes up with next.
76561198041364161,Recommended,232430,10520254,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Absolute Rubbish,This game made me cry manly tears.10/10 Would play again
,Recommended,232430,10522655,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Sergeant179,What a great story and a greaat way to tell it! You feel so much for the characters that you never see.
,Recommended,232430,10527434,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,bigbear,"A very unique game and a well thought out story. The controls leave a little to be desired, but the storytelling more than makes up for it. The game has you in the palm of its hand the entire game."
,Recommended,232430,10540715,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Kanye East,"Where do I start? This is probably the most unique ""game"" I've ever played. It's more of an interactive movie than anything. I believe I've found everything I could find, and I feel like I know the characters so well now. If you have an hour or two to kill, I'd defenitely recommend this. The whole time, I was expecting this to be a horror game but it's not at all. There's not much replay value, but if you get it on sale, it's definitely worth it."
,Recommended,232430,10543491,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Goku,"If you experienced life in the 90's, you will probably appreciate parts of this game. This game is story-driven and allows you to explore a large house while uncovering clues and items (such as cassette tapes) for the whereabouts of your family. If you're into feminism, you will probably appreciate aspects of this game. For the price I paid ($6 dollars on sale) I can't argue; it''s a short game but a solid one and I had a pleasant experience with it's story."
76561198041692570,Recommended,232430,10550083,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Chaemea,"I'm not going to go into too many details here - there's plenty of reviews already that point out the flaws in this game and question the high ratings it's gotten from critics. I'm just going to share my personal experience.I watched Gone Home's price drop and go back up for awhile. Finally picked it up ($5 is a deal!). The game left a lot up to your own imagination. I would hear a creaking floorboard or thunder rumbling and panic. I turned on every light and left every door open - always worried a door I know I left opened would suddenly close.This isn't your traditional game. I wouldn't even call this a game at all, but an interactive novel. I think a $20 price tag is incredibly steep (especially considering I beat it in less than 2 hours). To be honest I feel like $5 is still a little steep, but I found myself invested fully in the lives of this family and the question of where everyone went and don't regret purchasing this. I tend to become more emotional though in general in books, games, and movies. If you're that type of person I think you'll get a lot more out of this ""game"".Take this ""game"" as you will. Go in empty: no judgements, clean slate and piece together this family and their troubles, issues, and attempts to reconcile their lives. I think the problems in this family - what each member is facing and how they work to reconnect with each other - people will look at and say to themselves I understand what they're going through, I've been there. While I can't say I've had to face the issues the characters have the story is brought to life in such a way you feel that emotional shift, their highs and lows. One minute everything looks bleak and dark, and than the phone rings or you get a letter in the mail and it's like the sun is shining just for you, everything comes together.Long review short: I really can't justify the $20 price tag, but if you can get this for under $5 give it a shot. I'm sure you've spent more on far worse during a Steam sale ^.^"
76561198091233949,Recommended,232430,10559680,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Lucian Ferast,"This game does a good job of building up atmosphere and intrigue as to the mystery surrounding the empty house, at least in my far from humble opinion. If you're a fan of games that allow you to explore a location and piece together a story, without a need for puzzle-solving or shooting then you'll like it."
76561198061701390,Recommended,232430,10758532,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,lucimon,"I really like the way of story telling, but can't talk about any other gameplay mechanics because there are no others, if you like passively told storys you should try it. Nuff said.<3"
,Recommended,232430,10185188,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,HiWire,Brilliant story telling. Heartfelt.
76561197969515721,Recommended,232430,10197793,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Squirrel Punter,Meh
,Recommended,232430,10266586,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Gunslinger,"This game is one of the best experiences I've had with PC gaming, or even gaming in general. A fantastically told story, deeply emotional, not to mention the detail with the hand-written notes, and custom-made game cartridge art for the game is just brilliant.It might not be for everyone, since there is no combat, it's simply a game of exploration within a home, but I think that's perfectly fine. This isn't a game about combat or conflict, it's about discovery.It is short, too, but I think that's good too. It means that the narrative that you discover and experience isn't dragged on unnecessarily. Some might complete it faster than others, but I found that I didn't want to. I wanted to just look in every nook and cranny, and piece together the lives of the people that lived inside the home, to pick up on the elements of their lives that they kept hidden from each other.I can't guarantee you'll like it, but I think everyone should at least play through it, just to experience something like it."
,Recommended,232430,10307681,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,WardOfLucifer,"In my opinion, people miss what made this game so damn incredible. For their reasons why the game is good or bad, see the other reviews.To me, the genius lies not in the story or the atmosphere, or how the story tackles such a complex issue, as many other people say. But rather, how the atmosphere reflects how people view the issue discussed.At first, the setting of the game creates in the player a sense of discomfort, due to the lack of light, ongoing storms, and total lack of music. As the game goes on, you begin to learn more about the characters (or choose to, anyway), and the game isn't quite as scary. By the end of the game, the feelings you have for the setting and your own home are not so different.The same applies to the issue covered in the game (SPOILER ALERT: It's being LGBT). The first time I met an openly gay person, I felt a slight discomfort, possibly even hostile. But after a while, casual discussion allowed me to learn about the person, and I no longer had that feeling of discomfort. Eventually I almost completely forgot about that person's homosexuality until someone brought it up in conversation, but I felt the same about him as any friend.It's stunning how, even though we gamers tend to think of gaming as the highest art form, think that story is the only medium by which to tell the person something. What makes this game so ballsy is that it takes the road seldom taken and let the atmosphere do its own storytelling. Granted, not everyone caught on, but this game reminded me that video games are an evolving art form.And THAT'S why I recommend it."
,Recommended,232430,10427876,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,guantou,"Like most people, I was NOT expecting what I got.What I got was something far more beautiful. I played straight to the end without pause.This is an immersive storybook more than a game. This is a game for book readers that wish to be a character in this story. It differs greatly from To The Moon in a very important way though. While To The Moon was so 100% storyline that the game play was actually very token and, I felt sometimes just an out-of-place (and annoying) interruption to the terrific story, Gone home works far more seamlessly than that. FAR more seamlessly.  I was a character in the story, not a third party watching the story.  This is a very sucessful immersive book.I'm very glad it ended up being different than what I expected. In a way it was what I was looking for though. I was looking for an emotional experience, and I think the emotions were stronger for not being the emotions I was expecting to experience.I'd like to see a lot more surprises like this."
76561198006312091,Recommended,232430,11022276,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,KiwiSully61,This game was fantastic!
,Recommended,232430,11022789,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Robot Chicken,Beautiful story. Terribly brilliant! Stunning!
,Recommended,232430,11022859,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Ms. Diagnosis,"So far into it, I really enjoy it. The envoriment is pretty erie and gives that feel that you are actually there. I have this tendency to want to jump, but it is much more of a exploration game. So far, it has a great story line!"
76561198067336016,Recommended,232430,11027725,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Will,"It's good, but not 20$ good. Plus the thing is only at most two hours long. Pick it up if it's under 5$"
,Recommended,232430,11027895,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,deadpix3l,"This isn't the game you are looking for if you want to run around a creepy mansion and fight ghosts. The game is all anout exploration and story development. It had a good story and was sad and happy at the same time. I recommend it to anyone that likes a mystery and a love story. If not, it's not for you."
,Recommended,232430,11042224,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Entevily,"It is a little drawn out for a story telling game - but I thought it was good.  Some points I thought I was about to be playing a horror game, but that never happened.  A good story telling game if you're into story telling type games.It is an easy game to beat though.  If you are not interested at looking at everything like I did you could beat this game in under 30 minutes."
,Recommended,232430,11043005,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Birdkoo,"?/10Rating this game is difficult. it's not really a game, more so a first person story-telling experience, akin to a short movie you would see on television or in the cinema. The voice narration is amazing, and the story is well written, developed on the setting of a rural country house on a stormy night in the beginning of the 90s.You play as a girl who has just returned to her family home after travelling across Europe, with no one there. The aim of the game is to find out where everyone has gone. As you journey around the home you can find family details and subtle references to the time period that really suggests it is lived in. Careful attention to detail brings the home to life, really giving it a lived in sense, even if if your journey is a relatively quiet one.On my system (a relatively poor one) the graphics are relatively poor, the audio is not memorable outside of the narration nor is there much interaction or puzzles. But this""game"" is not about any of that. i'd have to compare it to something like Dear Esther or Journey on PS3 where the emotional appeal is the main selling point, not some intricate game-play mechanic.I would like to make it clear it is not worth picking up for more than a few euro/dollar/pounds (€5 etc max). This is a brief interactive story, not a ""true game"". So it only could be recommended to someone willing for a short term investment into this emotionally driven tale. Although the experience is short, the payoff is one of the best you can get from a relatively smalll production."
76561198104330559,Recommended,232430,11049461,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,rizziman33,"Gone Home is a short and sweet exploration game that get's you emotionally invested with it's relateable characters and intriguing mystery, despite you being the only person in the house, and kkeps you on edge with it's slightly creepy night time and thunderstorm atmosphere. Yes I do wish they went further with the supernatural element, but by the end I was satisfyed with the overall story which I found to be very heartwarming. Is it too short for the $20 price tag? Definatley. Wait for this game to go on sale if you really want to play it."
,Recommended,232430,11054270,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Winds,"This game is a shining example of storytelling done right in a video game. The gameplay is simple, and the mechanics are very straightfoward, allowing you to invest yourself in the plot as it unravels. It's short though, about 2 hours, and without much replayability. In my opinion, though, it's worth the purchase."
76561198086074627,Recommended,232430,11055829,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Rugg,"Wow, just try it, really, very good, difficult to describe it without giving too much away!"
76561198046295137,Recommended,232430,11056897,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Dalv the Just Fine,The word that best describes my expierence with the game is that it was pleasant. It did only last a bit under two hours though. I knew that going in though so it did not really bother me. I would recommend picking it up when it is on sale sometime.
,Recommended,232430,11069015,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,jfh2112,"I thoroughly enjoyed this experience. Very reminiscent of my old point-and-click adventure days. I especially liked the way the story was presented, through diary entries, photos, notes and scraps of paper, and so on, instead of ""hey, let's do some more exposition while the player sits and cant' do anything"", which seems to be all the rage these days. The price is a little too high, though; I'd buy it for no more than $10USD."
,Recommended,232430,11081156,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,ScreamingZebra,this game is incredible it only took a few hours to roam around and complete but it's such an awesome story
,Recommended,232430,11086871,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,FractalReality,"This game was a truly unique experience compared to any other game I have played.  The gameplay was simple and creative - I found myself motivated to examine almost every object I came across in what was otherwise a fairly mundane home.  The story only provided about two hours of content, but I still felt I got my money's worth from the game.  I would certainly recommend this game to others."
76561198004824230,Recommended,232430,11171881,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,radioman970us,"Took me about 3 hours.  Loved all the eeriness and detail of the house.  Pretty good storytelling.   There's also a feeling of anxiety that goes along with sorting through someone elses stuff,  well for me anyway.  I'd find that uncomfortable to do for real.   Oddly, even in this game I got the same feeling.Please make another one with a completely different story.  Would love it to go ""all the way"" and be much much more dark.  It could really scare the hell out of you if done right and this was soooo on the right track."
,Recommended,232430,16469574,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,RickySpanish1Flynn,"really short, but really great"
,Recommended,232430,8596381,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Th3Pr1Nc3,"Although the gamelength is short, it has a deep and intimate storyline. The ambiance still gives you a chill as you walk through and find out the many aspects of the house you've been left to explore. Well worth the short time needed to complete it. 9/10."
,Recommended,232430,9140791,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Spongie,"The experience on Linux so far:* On release the game had a bug and would crash on startup. This seems to be fixed now.The game:First person perspective point and click. You arrive at your house after being away only to find that your parents and sister are missing. As you search the house you find clues as to why that is. It sounds like a horror theme, but it's not. Without giving away any spoilers, it feels like a coming of age story.The game is set in the mid 90's and game is full of references for nostalgic effect, but the house was so weird that I didn't really feel nostalgic or sentimental while playing it.Critics say the pricetag is steep for a game that will last you 45-60 minutes depending on how fast you find your way through the house. Maybe, but I found getting to the end was worth it. Good story telling and good voice acting.Score:3/5"
,Recommended,232430,9168132,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Sawboo,"Not exactly what I expected, but I throughly enjoyed this game. Not much in replayability but the experience is worth a few dollars."
,Recommended,232430,9172480,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,EA Origin,It's like walking through a John Green novel while listening to Joan Jett.
76561198047408174,Recommended,232430,10897976,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,tonia_consolé,"If you're looking for an action packed, adrenaline-fueled adventure, you should probably look elsewhere. If you're looking for a poignant story laced with nostalgia and occasional humor, however, I cannot recommend this game highly enough. There's a lot to see here, if you take the time to look for it: the main story proceeds linearly (though discovering each piece of it is still enjoyable because of just how engaging it is), but if you wander a little ways from the beaten path you can uncover smaller stories that may stand alone or parallel the main one. It took me a under two hours to complete the game, but for the $3 sale pricetag, the story provided coupled with such attention to detail makes every minute of gameplay (and for those of you thinking of your wallet, every cent you paid for said gameplay) well worth it."
76561198063819961,Recommended,232430,10999530,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,ZeroMayhem,"Atmospheric exploration that is not for everyone.Gone Home is more about mood and narrative discovery then anything else. If you want action and adventure you may want to look elsewhere. The game uses tension and mystery to push you deeper into its narrative. The game is at its best when it has your attention and your curiosity.That being said, it is a very quick game. Maintaining such mystery and tension has its drawbacks. You basically play through the game in one sitting of, at most, a couple of hours. That coupled with the $19.99 price tag may have you wanting to hold off on the game, even if you are interested (for the record I bought it on sale).Still I found it to be a worth while game. It weaves its tale with tone and emotion. Avoid knowing too much going in and you way be surprised at how the game draws you in and plays with your expectations.Recommended.Spoiler filled footnote:Needless Tension Arises from Poor Family Communication would be a less catchy title."
76561198003695894,Recommended,232430,11001712,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Sherman,Gone Home is amazing what more can i say
,Recommended,232430,11009145,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,the trash collector,"♥♥♥♥ing beautiful - and the riot grrrl based soundtrack is on point. Definitely not a game for everyone, but if you enjoy exploration-heavy games, this is probably your type of game. it gives you the creeps sometimes (pick up the crucifix in the basement, just ♥♥♥♥ing DO IT) without actually being a horror game, and that's pretty cool if you ask me.Again, definitely not a game for everyone, but I recommend it nonetheless."
,Recommended,232430,11015013,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,CHOPPER DAVE,"Wow.  I just finished this game in one sitting and what a completely welcome breath of fresh air it was.  Lately, I've been a bit overwhelmed by the scale and intricacies of certain games and the mindless action they contain.  It's becomming harder and harder to just play a game start to finish let alone find time to play at all.  But there's only a handful of games I can think of that bring about the gravity that this has.  It was a complete roller coaster ride of emotion for me as I unraveled the mysterious plot.  I was afraid to even start the game thinking that it would be littered with jump scares and the sort, but it blew me away.  The simplicity of the gameplay allows you to get lost in the story and keeps you guessing around every turn.  A truly enveloping and memorable experience."
,Recommended,232430,8085617,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,The Sombrero Kid,Game of 2013
,Recommended,232430,7962962,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,fuzzy-logic,Play it!
,Recommended,232430,7959745,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,sotark,4.5* Good but too short
,Recommended,232430,7935272,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,apaya,Play this game.
,Recommended,232430,16578962,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Porkstew,"I bought this game expecting spooky ghosts.  Instead, I got spooky lesbians."
,Not Recommended,232430,15501796,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,chember,"The graphics are nice and I guess the story was sort of interesting, but twenty dollars to spend an hour and a half on a walking simulator? It's way too short to have such a large price tag. It would be worth checking out if it's ever on sale for maybe five to eight dollars, but that's all I can say.As a side note, the most fun I had with this game was cleaning up all the mess in the house."
,Recommended,232430,14663853,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ego/zero,lesbian's story + dark rainy night = purrfect
,Not Recommended,232430,15328331,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,KingMofoTheFirst,"Just finished this game. I went into it not really knowing anything about it. I enjoyed the story and voice-over journal readings, but it was honestly WAY too short to justify $20. From start to finish it took me less than 1.5 hours. I wanted to care about Sam and Lonnie, but I just didn't. If you really want this game wait until it's on sale.It can't decide whether I could recommend it or not. For now, I'd have to say ""no,"" simply for the price-to-gametime ratio."
,Not Recommended,232430,16407365,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TRUCKFIST,"I want to recommend this game because I have a lot of respect for anyone attempting to tell meaningful stories or alternative narratives in video games.  It's hard to do and the amount of hate that the author has received is really distressing.  It's work worth doing, and this is a decent stab at it.But I wasn't engaged here - mostly because it feels like a snowglobe.  You find a whole house sort of frozen in time, but there's nothing fun or interesting about this house.  It's just a middle-class family home in the 80s/90s with lots of nostalgia and a bizarre amount of notes laying around.  The writing is fine, but imho it's the artwork that really needed to be a lot better.  There's nothing beautiful to find in thi world.  There's nothing that catches your eye or really makes you want to explore.  And that's really important.  People are (mostly) willing accept a game like Proteus, which has literally nothing but random creatures and trees that make sounds - and I would venture that it's because Proteus has a really fun and interesting audio-visual component.  Gone Home does not.Worth playing perhaps, but I'm not sure it succeeds as a whole."
,Recommended,232430,10922713,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,PEldritch,Listen to loud music on cassette tapes as you go throughout the house turning over every object in sight and opening everything with a hinge on it. Be careful! There's a storm outside. Buy on sale.I give it a recordable vhs tapes out of 10
,Recommended,232430,8605716,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,w0049749,"Gone Home is a first person story. Those who have given this title a bad review were probably looking for a computer game. If you want fast-paced, adrenalin-fueled gameplay, look elsewhere. You won't kill anything in Going Home. You won't jump from platform to platform or sprint through timed doorways. In fact you don't have a jump button, or sprint button for that matter. Your reflexes won't be tested here, though a keen eye might serve you well.Only buy Going Home if you feel like experiencing a delicately woven story. There are so many subtle nuances scattered amongst the many discarded pages of novels, crumpled up love letters and angrily scribbled notes. This is a story about growing up. It's about finding out who you are. And it's about families - warm and loving families - cold and distant families.Going Home is short. A couple of hours, maybe three. I recommend you take your time. Piece together the story of the Greenbriars, like a detective gathering clues. Each character has an arc.I recommend Going Home, as long as you don't expect it to be something that it's not. I hope you like it as much as I did."
76561198073086255,Recommended,232430,26548589,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Oxycontin,"I got fooled by nostalgia, that's for sure. But screw it, I loved every minute of this game.10/10"
,Recommended,232430,7898547,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Nickelbee,"Gone Home isn't a game in the traditional sense, and those looking for a mystery to unravel or a foe to defeat will walk away disappointed. What it is is a series of stories behind the family that you belong to, that you can discover for yourself. A distant sister, a struggling father, a successful mother, all have their own lives hidden away in the house they all live in. It's well-written, nuanced, and an journey into a family's story from the 90s, pieced together to discover on your own."
,Recommended,232430,8408178,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ronimal,"I really like the concept of Gone Home - an interactive exploration/story telling game that is not also in the horror/thriller genre.  Unfortunately, most exploration games have a significant horror element, and I don't enjoy tensing up every time I open a door or turn on a light or enter an unfamiliar hallway because a sudden loud noise or monstrous creature might make me jump out of my seat.  This is a nice change from all that.The concept is simple - you come home from vacation, and everyone is gone.  As you explore the house, you get snippets of narrative from your sister, who explains the backstory (and ultimately, why she isn't there).  The nice thing is that you can examine everything in the house, not just items related to the main plotline (your sister's).  If you pay enough attention to detail, you can also discover why your parents aren't around, and the reason behind it.Personally, though, I found the plotline somewhat lacking.  Without spoiling anything, the ""plot twist"" didn't come as a huge surprise to me, and even if I hadn't seen it coming, it's just not something that had a huge impact on me.  And I would have liked to see more explanations of certain things.  Like why were there  secret rooms and compartments in the house? Why did the family move into the house rather than selling it (especially if some of the theories floating around the internet about the Oscar an Terry's past are true)?Without more to explore and more to investigate, the game also ends up being quite short - I think I got through the whole thing in about 2 hours, and I was pretty thorough in examining everything out of the ordinary in every little nook and cranny.  Still, the game is overall a good experience and worth a playthrough, though maybe wait until it's on sale to purchase."
76561197982242868,Recommended,232430,31302731,Posted: 22 April,all,[i]Scooba Nate,"hint: there's a second, darker, more interesting story if you can find it in the game..."
76561198173581093,Recommended,232430,28774340,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,atreyuatreyu,"This game is fun if you really like story based games, but it is really short and I probably wouldn't purchase it unless it was on sale."
76561198000606395,Not Recommended,232430,13232426,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,GrenadierAl,I want my money back please.
76561198131265658,Not Recommended,232430,13249472,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,There is only ONE God,"Ok so let me get this straight...  I just bought a game for nostalgia because I was raised in the 90's thinking that was what the story was kind of about...  Instead apparently I spent my money on a desensitizing tool for the illuminati.  Now I would not go so far to say so except for all the obvious indications and proofs in the game.  For one as humans we know there is a right and there is a wrong.  Satanists or agnostics atheists whatever want us to believe there is a gray area.  Like we can stand there and be ok.  But that gray area is a figment of our imagination.. It is not real.  Therefore by our moral compass we know that homosexuality is wrong and it is a sin and that isn't the only thing wrong with this game.  The fact that you have also implemented satanic rituals into the game ouija boards and pentagrams and then played off the story like the 'ghost' hunting was just harmless fun proves that your company really does know right from wrong you are just trying to shove an agenda down peoples throats in the background.  So no I won't ask Steam for my money back but I will remember your companies name and no matter how good a game you may make I for one will stay away from it because you are either satanist, illuminati, or just plain ignorant to what is going on in the world around you.  As you can tell I am not stupid and I don't appreciate your attempt to manipulate my mind.  Next time you make a game for satanist or homosexuals make sure you put it in the description."
,Not Recommended,232430,13287840,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,captainfructose,The game play was good the story line was not. It needs to have atleast some kind of paranormal instances in it!
,Recommended,232430,8526108,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,BROMAR,didn't wear headset even though it has nothing scary in it10/10 will make you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants
,Recommended,232430,12182036,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Neck Spike,I loved it and I had to hug my girlfriend when it was done.
76561198066920151,Recommended,232430,12182580,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,wise_owl42,"Few games would one possitively describe as an experience, and Gone home is one of them.  It's been some time since I so thoroughly enjoyed a game, not necisarily for the 'gameplay' but just for the experience of playing it.  Gone Home emerses you in it's world, in the creepy old house, those people who occupied it, and in the world of 1995.  It certainly hit me right in the nostaliga.  What's more it has an amazingly emergent story, without the pieces being fed to you. There are aspects you have to deduce, not just from what the game directly tells you, but the little clues laid here and there.  I would love to encounter another game with this ones sense of mood, sense of pace and delightful visual setting.  Being only a couple of hours long, it's well worth the price and I'd recommend it to pretty much anyone."
,Recommended,232430,12184152,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Armithius,"I know a lot of people don't care for this game or this story (and honestly, it's more or an interactive story than a game) but I actually enjoyed it. Granted, it is expensive for what it is (I'll admit that I got it on sale,) I'm not a female, nor am I gay, but despite that, I do know a few gay folk, some of which are family, and I do believe that the story depicted here speaks volumes. A lot of LGBTQ folk experience descriminitation, which may, in fact, come from their own family or ""friends,"" and I feel that this story helps to highlight their struggle to accept who they are, and for their own friends/family to accept them in return. I know people who are are gay or transgendered, and have been shunned; either by friends, family, community, or a combination of those, and realize that it's difficult for them to try and juggle who they really are, and a version of themselves that they feel will be accepted. I think that everyone should play this game to learn of the struggle that many people face. There's no reason that these people should experience the hatred of a community, or, indeed, their own family, for feeling that they weren't born into the body they should have been, or because they love somebody that shares the same gender as them. To quote a very old phrase/chiche, ""Can't we all just get along?"" I feel that this game should be played by all demographics, to perhaps experience a bit of the descriminitation that many people are subjected to each and every day, and perhaps to learn that, no matter who we are, we all feel things the same way, and that love is no exception.TL;DR: Don't be a narrow-minded, yeasty, fen-sucked canker blossom.  Have some respect for a fellow human being who, while they might feel or love differently than you, has just as much of a right of a right to it as you do. After all, this world has enough hate in it already, don't you think?"
,Recommended,232430,10802168,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,HondaCivet,"I loved it, it was really immersive and innovative. It's nice to take a break from the ""burly man kills everything"" game genre. It's only a few hours long but there's some replay value in that it's easy to miss stuff the first time you go through."
,Recommended,232430,34029753,Posted: 4 August,all,cudin,"do you like snooping through other people's stuff? want to explore a creepy mansion in a storm? this is the game for you.lovely little game. linear and short, simple controls, but a great story. really well fleshed out and poignant. for full effect, go into the game knowing as little as possible like i did. being drunk and playing alone at night also helped.negligible spoilers:-i would like an achievement for putting all the dishes and cups back.-it bothers me that doors open both ways-i worry for this family's health. all you see is junk food everywhere. also, THATS HOW YOU GET ANTS."
,Not Recommended,232430,13610514,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Shane-O,"if you want a nice simple story which does have plot holes but still nice get it now while its only $4 but other wise stay awayno game playvery shortplot holesnot worth the no-sale price and after reading reivews from major websites its got me asking if they were paid off for high reviewsalso not the 1.2 hrs thats how long it look me to finish this ""game"""
,Recommended,232430,8108940,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,FedericoV,"It's one of the best game I've played this whole year and I played a lot of good ones.  I don't know if game is the right word for that kind of interactive narrative but does it really matter? Gone Home has convinced me that the answer is ""no!"". I love everything I experienced playing Gone Home and I could not go to bed until I reached the ending. The exploration reinforces the narrative and viceversa in a nice crescendo where you discover a bunch of normal persons with their normal problems... the failure and success are told in a delicate and touching way through direct and indirect storytelling devices and at the end you find thinking about the main issue touched by the plot and you feel a better person because of it. Can't say the same about most games.Vote: 9 (the game deserves a 10 for what it is but the experience is too limited to justify a perfect score)."
,Recommended,232430,9442360,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Engoni,A truly great experience that shows how many ways you can express yourself when you are making games. Takes up important and valid stuff that will make you think.
,Not Recommended,232430,34077529,Posted: 7 August,all,NintyGirl,"Huge disappointment!Little disclaimer: First important to know is that english is not my native language so there might be some grammar mistakes which I apologize in advance for. Maybe I'm wasting my time doing this review but hey it's my first and I got nothing better to do right now and I know I'm late with this, like very late. I bought it somewhat some years ago on a discount (can't remember anymore) and until this day I didn't spoil myself since this is a walking simulation game where the story is the mainpoint of it. So I was on a pretty neutral state to this and everything of what I heard about was that it is a good game and worth to get into.Now I really wish that I had did more research on it to realize that this ""game"" isn't worth neither the time nor the money. This game tease you that there is some kind of deep and mysterious story behind due to the atmosphere this game puts you in. BUT NO (Spoiler Alert I guess): This is just a simple love story (Lesbian love story to be specific.)! Also extremly poorly written and very cliche. There is nothing substantial in it. There is just a girl who falls in love with another girl and they went through puberty completly normal. No hidden dark secrets within the family no interesting parts at all which makes it extremly boring. Even the exploration part means nothing if the story doesn't catch up to keep your interest and reason to play a walking simulator in the first place. I could complain about this game for ever but that would be completly unnecessary and everything to know thats important is that you shouldn't waste your money on this or giving it a try even if it would be free to pick up. (Except your masochist vein tells you to do it then go ahead) And if you really want to know the details just watch it on Youtube, doesn't matter if it's a review or a walkthrough/playthrough.And again I'm very sorry if there are any grammar mistakes in it. Also I'm not professional of writing a review, it's just my thoughts of what I put into and what I experienced on a subjective perspective even so I didn't went into details ^^. I tried my best and this is some sort of practice for me, I guess, so feel free to correct me and I hope this was a little help in some way. So if anyone read this, thank you for that! :3"
,Not Recommended,232430,17673554,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,d0x360,"I bought this on launch day because a certain...ahem...journalist hinted that it was a horror game.  He never came out and said it but he insinuated it enough that I had bought it seconds later.I preface my review with that story for a reason.  Its not always bad to play a game expecting one thing and gettiing another.  In fact sometimes its nice.  In this games case it wasnt nice.Nothing is done badly here..well one thing and ill get to it.  The visuals are great, the pacing is good and the acting is good too.  The problem is this game is nothing but story.  Everything you do, see or hear is setup to the ending and the game fails at that.  The story is weak, there jjust isnt anything special about it.Its hard to explain why would spoilers and some people will say its a good game simply because of ""the twist"" ending but in reality it isnt good.  Its a $20 experience best left watched on youtube because honestly the story, the characters...the very things that hold this whole thing together just arent good enough to merit the asking price.If it were $5 id said yes buy it right now even if all you do is play shooters but for $20 or even $15...just say no.  There are beter stories out there presented in more creative ways...much more creative,"
76561198079647282,Recommended,232430,34267778,Posted: 15 August,all,Lelouch,"Interesting story, but the gameplay is a bit boring."
,Recommended,232430,10811370,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Decessa,Amazing. An emotional interactive story.
,Recommended,232430,17049374,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Adira ★,Do you like walking but too lazy to actually walk in real life? Then this is the game for you.
76561197998026439,Recommended,232430,17081906,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Cyrup,"I have read through many of the negative reviews. Most of them were simply just expecting a different game and were then disappointed with what the game was. I, too, would be disappointed if I were to play Skyrim expecting it to be Call of Duty. They are not the same games and thus many of the negative reviews have no basis.Many other negative reviews address the price. While I agree that the full price is high for the length of the game, I personally would pay it. More importantly, though, is that this game drops below $5 during sales and is often on sale and, at that price, is well, well worth it. With that said, many games on Steam and many things in general are like jewelry: Never pay full price for it.As for the actual game, I found it to be an excellent experience. The story is deep and develops well throughout the game at a good pace. If you take the time to play it, you will discover many tangents and paraboles to the story, as well. The story itself is very well written. The voice acting is good, as well. The music is fantastic, it does a great job of setting the atmosphere. The best part for me, however, was the environment. The era in which it is set is essentially when I was growing up and so it created this ridiculously deep sense of nostalgia throughout. That alone warrants a 10/10 for me. This game was stuck in my head for weeks after I finished it.There is the possibility that the time setting also affects how people experience and rate this game. The ones who grew up around this time and can relate to the story and environment are more likely to enjoy it, whereas a younger audience may not appreciate the full experience because they cannot relate to the setting. It would also explain why many of the negative reviews feel like a bunch of children whining.In conclusion: 10/10, a great, nostalgic experience. I would play it again just to look around."
76561197969998754,Recommended,232430,19862026,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,870MCS,"I recommend this game for gamers who like first person game without shooting something or horror or hard puzzle.This game is only a game I played that has heartwarming, restful and relaxed.There are so many first person games and most of them are included in 3 types as below.One is shooting something, two is adventure with horror(something dead, monster, etc) and three is puzzle to use brain.It is hard to find a first person game that is not included in the 3 types above.This game is a game that don't need to aim something and shoot it, or don't need to be scared, or don't need to use brain.I think that not only good game is a game that is fun but also a game that give gamers restful, relaxed feeling.(Of course if a gamer like hard puzzle or horrer, etc, that game is good game for the gamer.)ProsMany objects can be clicked and inspected.Relaxed atmosphereGood musicConsGame length is not long.Recommended forgamers who like game with restful and relaxed atmosphere.Not recommend forgamers who want to play game that has impact, loud, fast, horror, hard puzzle and quests to do.I tried to find other games similar to this game but couldn't find any other game yet.I'm still waiting for new game from this developer."
,Recommended,232430,19860147,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Red Overture,"I went into this game with little to no expectations or knowledge of what it really is, except for a reccomendation by a friend. I have never played a game that was such a clear reflection of myself, and that was truly understandable. There are a huge amount of bad reviews recently concerning this game, and I think it's really necessary to be open-minded to the game's quirky way of telling its story. In my opinion, discovering the story while exploring the house in which it took place could not have been better. This game is a true love story, reccomended to ayone."
76561198204193792,Recommended,232430,20550711,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,The day we spilled the paint,Best Game EVER if you havent bought it yeah buy it NOW!
76561198025022832,Recommended,232430,19866279,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,bwg1123,"An overwhelming number of negative reviews have prompted me to say that most recations tend to be over the price to content ratio. To many, $20 is too high a price for what ends up being more of a short story rather than a novel.But if you look at the game outside of the price tag it has a story that is well told, tense, funny, touching, and original. This game also signals an important step in establishing videogames as a serious form of media, similar to games like Flower, Papers Please, and The Stanley Parable. Many tend to hate this ""fine art ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"" but if they don't like it they don't need to play it."
76561198019640410,Recommended,232430,20481706,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Arnold McSwissRoll,"This game is nothing incredible, but i realy liked it.Its a game that gently held my hand from the begining to the end but still letting me discover how to go forward on my own, a pretty touching story and tons of little details to explore everywhere .I love this game."
76561198108031310,Recommended,232430,20696076,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Captain Cuddles,"A terrific experience. Very casual, what some might call  ""walking sim"". But it tells a rich story through exploration and journal entries. A personal favorite of mine."
76561198083140597,Not Recommended,232430,16224603,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Theater Thug,"Oh....oh no.....I'm a fan of walking sims. Hell, Dear Esther is one of my favorite games of all time. It was an amazing game with a beautifully told and gripping story, not to mention the environments were gorgeous and fun to explore.THIS is no Dear Esther. The story is okay, I'll give it points for tackling homosexuality as well as it does, but everything else is pretty bad. Dear Esther knew it had little to no gameplay so it kept things nice and simple: walk from point A to point B, explore some dead ends. There are some attempts at nonlinear gameplay and puzzles in Gone Home but all it does is stretch out the game and it becomes tedious very fast.Gone Home feels like the devs wanted to make a paranormal survival horror game but changed their minds halfway through. Occult imagrey is everywhere in the early scenes of Gone Home; there's a Oijua Board, tons of notes and books about ghosts, and lots of creepy atmosphere, such as the creepy storm warning seen on a TV. Had there been a paranormal story worked in and some critters to avoid this could have been good, but instead Gone Home only gets recognition for having a story about homosexuality.Also, I am NOT homophobic at all so don't use that excuse for me not liking this game."
,Not Recommended,232430,13656887,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,B230REDBLoK,I have no idea wheather this game is good or not because I cant click new game.Because i have a wheel and flightstick/pedals the game derps out hard and im not about to un install my drivers and spend hours reconfiguring my♥♥♥♥♥♥just to play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t indie game.Its to much hassle to get my money back so instead ill just leave you with this.♥♥♥♥ you.
76561198048630964,Recommended,232430,28426996,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Devilock,I enjoyed it but too short
76561198035807364,Recommended,232430,8815793,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,nightbug_12,"I was more than pleasantly surprised by Gone Home.  Yes, the game play is very short, and you don't 'play' in the traditional sense - it's not puzzle based, it's exploratory.  But it is beautiful.The description of the game undersells itself - Gone Home is not a game about solving some strange mystery (where has everyone gone?) but about what it means to look at your family and childhood through new eyes as an adult.I was also pleasantly surprised that the main character(s) were women - as a female gamer, I am so used to men and masculinity being the default focus of games that I expected a mystery story about a character to whom I could not relate.  Quite the opposite in fact: it is a story about women, and the connection between sisters in particular.  Without wanting to spoil anything - the game is also queer (and particularly queer women)-friendly, which I think is worth mentioning.   The presence of women's things, and 90s queer cultural ephemera in the game felt so intentional and meaningful to me - as though it was written with people like me in mind.  I wanted to review this game to make a point of mentioning that - because I almost didn't buy this game, but if I had known that it was a game that focused on women's stories, and queer stories, I wouldn't have hesitated at all.However I think regardless of whether you personally relate to the story, it is beautifully told, and the haunting, slightly melancholy experience of looking at your family and childhood through an adult's eyes is one that almost anyone can relate to.  Playing Gone Home is an emotive experience, not an action-packed one, but definitely an experience worth having.  The price is a little steep for the length of the game, but without a doubt I recommend picking it up when it goes on sale."
76561198067834464,Recommended,232430,8815819,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,darkdefenderdrx,A triumph of storytelling in video games. A must play for someone interested in where games are going as an artistic medium.
76561198012803851,Not Recommended,232430,14867214,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,peasporridgecold,"6.5 out of 10.People have strong opinions about Gone Home, and I understand why.  If you are looking for a traditional game, or expect from its atmosphere that you're in for hard core scares, you are going to be disappointed.   GH is really a character-based short story that uses a game format to convey the narrative.I have mixed feelings.  On one level I appreciate the attempt, and  while I was playing I found the story compelling and empathized with the characters.   The story, unforunately, while very human, suffers from being so familiar as to be a tired teenage cliche.     The voice acting is almost enough to overcome its material but not for me in the end.I hope you can experience GH once at a cheap price, because I do like the atmosphere and the execution, but I can't in the end recommend a game about a story when the story has such little inspiration."
76561198122147909,Not Recommended,232430,14824888,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,yvesbrunier,"You walk around a house. There is lots to pick up, but NONE of it matters. There is a lame teenage les love story which is revealed. it takes a couple of hours. I want my time and money back. oh, there is some hint of a ghost story, but it is never addressed or built upon. would have been better if that was really developed, but was largely ignored.  I wish I had read these real reviews rather than the ""pro's"" reviews. Ending is nothing.I ended up spending most my time in the house trashing it.  As best I could. which really only was taking things and throwing them around the house. and I turned on all of the faucets. don't know, I guess I was trying to make something of my $20 count."
,Recommended,232430,8826368,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Grail Arbor,"If you have two hours and a few bucks, buy this game! It is amazing and won a few awards!"
76561198125765938,Recommended,232430,9022552,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,NotoriousEmG,"I loved this!  What a cool experience!  I look forward to the day when there are more gaming options like this.  The story is interesting, the puzzle is engaging, and it is about real people, with real lives.It is not an action adventure, so if that is what you are looking for, look elsewhere.It took me 3 hours to play, but I suspect frequent gamers will finish it in 2 hours or less.If you are interested in story tellers finding a whole new application for video games, you'll like this!"
76561198098189588,Recommended,232430,7855911,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,@remnar.up.net,It's a nice little game that's got a pretty good story.
,Recommended,232430,7863986,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,dontbreakmyheart,只有2小时的流程！！对于一只游戏来说是偏短，事实上把它当成一部电影来体验才是作者的真正用意--探索和解密简单，刚好不会影响到剧情的推动。至于剧情嘛～～just taste it!btw女主声音赞，真是锦上添花。
76561198045771478,Recommended,232430,7899630,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Jacquesz99,Gorgeous story :)
76561198025671661,Recommended,232430,7855054,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Bearded Ben,"Like Dear Eshter, but better because the story makes sense. I cried at the end. Ten Stars."
76561198116465375,Recommended,232430,7855890,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,r_u,This game creeped me out and first. I really thought it was a horror game but it's not. The story is pretty cool kinda weird though. The cassette tapes that are found throughout the game just throw you off. The Gameplay feels as if your playing Amnesia: The Dark Decent. The Atmosphere of the game is very strong and sets the tone for this instant indie classic. There are many voice clips throught the game and are done very well with high quality audio. Overall it was a fun game that keeps you looking for more. 5 stars.
,Recommended,232430,7860648,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Liberation,"Very short, but I very much enjoyed this experiment in storytelling.  ""Compelling,"" is the best word I can think of to sum it up.  Everytime I learned something about the family in this home, I was drawn to keep exploring and learn more.Due to the game's very short length, however, I can imagine some may not feel it's worth the price unless you pick it up on sale.  I finished it in less than three hours, but I may not have found everything."
,Recommended,232430,7863319,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,WanderingStar0,I loved my time with Gone Home. Easily the best game I played this year.  The way it unfolds the story and sets a mood are unparalleled.
,Recommended,232430,7869502,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,FodderMK,"At 2 hours it can be considered short, but both me and my wife dug the story."
,Recommended,232430,7875373,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Shark Fighter,"Interesting, atmospheric adventure game... better by far than Dear Esther, but more subtle. I need to replay it just to relive how cool the house is....... but best purchased on sale."
76561198011810582,Recommended,232430,7882320,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Buffy,I loved every minute of it. And it made me all teary eyed. You just gotta love a good story :)
76561198109852165,Recommended,232430,7894328,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,ana.obradovic,"Beautiful. After researching the game beyond the dev blog (which was all I had read before playing, and gave away plot details I only later realised others would have discovered within the game), I understand exactly what weight the ending held, and they crafted it beautifully! I felt that the main plot was almost a distraction, or ""good job"" type pats-on-the-back for advancing through the game. I also feel that the previous reviewers missed the real point of the spooky vibe/""ending"". To be honest, I think it would be best if people who purchased the game didn't read these at all as they give away parts of the plot and ambience that can really add to the gameplay when put together as a whole. Regardless, the real gems for me were the discoveries through personal snooping and pieceing together stories. The game tells so many stories in such an original way. I have so much respect for the dedication to a truly 90's experience, and loved following the development of this game through Fullbright's blog! Hopefully they begin a new project soon."
,Recommended,232430,7904607,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,missvalerietanner,"[Spoilers follow]Written by the Bioshock 2 writers behind Minerva's Den, I bought this game primarily as a Bioshock fan but also as an avid lover of a good story (which Bioshock has). This isn't an action or horror game. You're a 20-year-old girl wandering around in her parents home slowly unraveling the details of her family's (mom, dad, and little sister) disapperance, and you do this by exploring the house room-by-room and checking out items of interest.To me, the unraveling story of the parents' decaying marriage matched with the nostalgia of family life in the 90's wonderfully contrasted the love story hidden in the folds. At times, I felt more like a stranger in the home rather than a member of the family, but giving that Katie (you) has been gone on a trip to Europe for weeks or months it's understandable to have that feeling. But even still, the story was a 2 hour journey that I enjoyed. While the end result isn't obvious but the love story is, the game is still an enjoyable exploration.Even if you care nothing for the main focus, there's still plenty to enjoy. As a Silent Hill fan, I personally enjoyed the hidden areas in the house that were revealed through the sub-plot of the uncle's death. The house is a stunning graphical beauty, and each room is crafted so beautifully that, often times, I would just stand and take it all in. And even the music and sounds: the heavenly, easy going tunes contrasted with the punk rock girl band cassettes to the subtle but inviting sound of the rain outside gives you plenty to enjoy as you traverse the house's many rooms.This is a game of exploration but not of a house or a mystery. It's the exploration of a family and how time can pull you apart. Savor the time you have with loved ones now because one day when you come home, they may already be gone."
,Recommended,232430,7862999,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Chiefen,"Gone Home is a game I would recommend to someone who - either enjoys the slower pace of an old school point and click game - and/or someone who wants to play detective for a little bit. Added value comes to those who would enjoy some 90's nostalgia. I won't summarize the plot because that would ruin the point of the game.There's no tricky puzzles, nor will you have to get stuck anywhere. But there's a well done vocal and written narrative that leads you through this creepy mansion and its hidden secrets.I clocked in at 85 minutes when I wrapped up my experience with this game. Which is a bit short when compared to what we commonly expect from video games. But it was well worth it! I picked it up for 4,75€, so to me it is good entertainment value for the money spent."
76561198068103357,Recommended,232430,7863496,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,ellen.j.campbell,"I found this game amazing. The story was so immersive. I don't even know how long I spent on it, but the story and the characters were amazingly developed with so little interaction. It manages to put so much detail into such a small amount of time and space, and without needing any background knowledge of the characters involved. I was captivated the entire time I played.The game does feel more like an interactive movie than a regular adventure game. I went in with no expectations, and was completely blown away."
76561197974374395,Recommended,232430,7871271,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Anima,"Gone Home probably isn't going to be everyone's cup of leaf-derived beverage. There's no combat, nothing threatening ever jumps out at you and there's no way your character can end up spectacularly (or even mundanely) murdered.What there is, however, is approximately 3 hours worth of deeply compelling storytelling as you solve the mystery of where the main character's family is. To do so is to slowly explore the mansion-style house, along the way constructing your own intimate understanding of a imperfect family from a year's worth of their artefacts and scribblings in a beautifully affecting way. It's sad, heart-warming, funny and utterly engrossing until the final, satisfying conclusion and I'd consider it as essential as Portal or Braid for those that aren't put off by the concept. However, wait for a sale as it's short length is not worth the full asking price, regardless of it's astounding quality."
76561198025511015,Recommended,232430,7872927,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Fergs,"Beautiful, atmospheric, creepy, heartwarming - This game is brilliant, if a little short"
76561197961767942,Recommended,232430,7873905,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,FunTime,dat story...
,Recommended,232430,7884898,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Aninn,Best two hours I've spent with a game in a long time.  If you have an extra few hours this is a great way to spend them.
,Recommended,232430,7893007,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Garayur,If you are looking for a deep game or one with challenge this isn't for you. If you enjoy stories told through exploration and narration this is not a bad game. It is a fairly quick game but the primary story is a sweet one. As you explore the house you will learn about the life of the main characters sister and to a lesser degree with her parents. Not a must buy but not something to avoid either.
,Recommended,232430,7865402,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Jack Burton,"Great short game, fully based on exploration of an empty house, searching for clues as to what made it that way. If you have a natural curiosity, you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,232430,7867620,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Wazulu,"I've never seen a game prior that has so easily and effortlessly drawn the player into its story. The narrative, while you play little part in it, is superb to the point of ignoring its concise nature. A simple premise of exploring a house becomes an intrusion into the personal lives of 5 characters, their issues, and their respective conclusions. Anyone, especially those who've been to American high schools, will find a relatable central character, only to watch her plotline escape the typical traps and clichés. Two criticisms can be thrown at this game- firstly, due to the game's origins, there is the unshakeable feel of Amnesia to the game, and the horror element was difficult to shake off, especially due to the lightning storm throughout. Secondly, many would criticse its length, taking around 2hrs to fully investigate the entire house, disputing whether the game is worth the money. However, this game (at the time of writing) is 50% off, and with such a storyline (I won't use compelling due to its overusage) it'd be a missed experience not to get it. My only note is to know what you are buying, and the store page holds no cards to its chest- if you plan on buying it, wait for a sale."
76561197976721810,Recommended,232430,7881727,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Fred Lobster,"Gone Home is a game in the barest sense. No life meter, no combat, no puzzles, no stealth mechanics... It does only one thing, and it does it extremely well. As Katie Greenbriar, you return from a European vacation to your family's new home, discover the house is empty, find a cryptic letter from your sister on the front door, and must nose around in every nook and cranny of the house to solve the mystery. Interaction is limited to opening doors and containers, examining objects, and reading notes; you aren't so much playing a game as watching a wonderfully credible, human story unfold, touching on a family back through the generations even if the focus holds tight on the vanished sister. While the writing itself is excellent, I was every bit as impressed with the depth of attention to detail that went into every room of the house. Decorated and cluttered with an array of era-appropriate necessities and knickknacks, there's a gripping sense of immersion here, in spite of the occasionally-lackluster graphics. A first-rate example of storytelling in games, and a touching piece of game art in its own right."
76561198010497301,Recommended,232430,7888696,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Carlos Spicy-Wiener,"Great game, totally not what i expected. It only takes a couple of hours to complete but great fun!"
,Recommended,232430,7941976,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,BombBeeto,"A fantastic game both in concept and in implementation. Succesfully creating an environment and characters that felt very real without direct interaction with them. I enjoyed all the little tid bits of information that added more weight to the story without actually contributing to the narrative like the badges with the bands names on them laying all around the house. Through it all I became very attached to Katies sister and really wanted to discover her story.Although the progression of the narrative was spot on through the environment design as it told the story in a flowing manner while still giving the player control; sadly I the locked doors controlling which areas were visited first was a heavy immersion breaker for me. I understood why the front door of the house was locked as any front door of a house was locked and that assisted with the immersion but when you have things like a door that allows access to a portion of your house locked it just really feels like you're playing a game. As well as that the sound design was a little bit funny for me the whole design choice of having the player come home during a storm felt a little clique and the constant thunder made me feel like the ghost of Oscar was going to jump out at me. Maybe that was the intended use of the storm I just didn't feel as though it added to the game, but otherwise the sound design with the humming of the fridge, the cassette tapes were spot on I loved it and it really created atmosphere.Concerning the narrative I was emotionally connected with Sam as she was the main spectacle. But with her father Terry and her Mother Jan... I think it was, they just felt like plot points saying ""Sam and Katie's parents are finding it difficult to maintain their own lives let alone a sexually confused adolescent daughter."" The depth of their character didn't really feel there and ontop of that although Terry's narrative reached a climax more or less with the possibility of having his third novel published. Jan's story didn't really climax, she got a promotion and got this guy she was working with who she may have fancied to work with her. I just felt like there was one more step in that story that hadn't been reached and it somewhat left it on a cliff hanger.I will agree the ending was very clever although somewhat lackluster, I recall going down into the basement and being surprised with all these great wealths of information I found there about Sam and Terry. So assuming Sam had already warned us not to go into the attic it created a sense that something incredible was in the attic when in truth it was quite small with little information besides a climax to Sam's story, it felt a little too simple for a an experiene with such complexity in its design. That's how I felt about the ending though I'm quite sure other players would enjoy I look forward to such simplicity.To conclude although I mostly criticised don't think I think this is a bad game, I criticse because I think this is a fantastic game and a truly powerful experience that should be played by anyone who is interested in the evolution of games as an experience. As a whole this is very conflicting and very relatable story being told, in a way that although has been done before has never been done to this scale. I congratulate The Fullbright Company on making a game that really pushes the boundaries and creates so much enjoyment."
,Recommended,232430,7961223,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,reljaz,Emotioanl game. Enoyed it.
,Recommended,232430,10998558,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,jschild,It's hard to describe this without giving away the story. It is less a game and more an experiepce. I do recommend it as an experience however.
,Recommended,232430,7861681,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,HauntedSoul,Awesome story-telling!
,Recommended,232430,7871943,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,oxaloacetate88,"This was a great game. It was really interesting going through the house and picking up clues about the family. The atmosphere   was really intimate, and I felt like I was exploring my own home. Although, I could tell where the story was going within 30 minutes or so of play. I was right, but it was still an enjoyable experience. I spent 3 hours on this game, really exploring the house and getting to know the stories of each family member. Like other reviewers said, you could certainly get through this game in an hour, but if you want to get into the game you should spend more time on it. That said, I would reccommend you buy this game when it's on sale. I think the $20 asking price is hefty; I got it for on sale for $5. Happy Gaming!"
,Recommended,232430,7886650,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Kaptainkees,"Such an amazing narrative in this game and very emotional aswell, i'd give it a 5/5. Must play!"
,Recommended,232430,7891875,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,BuzzKilljoy,Wow.
76561197964587505,Recommended,232430,7894668,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,MichaelJackman,Over too soon but very engaging. The 90s setting will resonate with anyone born in the early 80s/late 70s.
,Recommended,232430,35031957,Posted: 17 September,all,Astralnature,It is beautiful and everyone should give it a chance.
,Recommended,232430,35014610,Posted: 16 September,all,Land Moose,"A very moving, powerful experience. Not really a game per se, but we don't have a better term than ""interactive story experience with mouse and keyboard controls."" There are quibbles, like the obviously re-used assets and the narratively-important music that I have zero taste for, but ultimately Gone Home will move your stony heart if you just let it."
76561197992364154,Recommended,232430,24252984,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,JohKar,Very atmospheric game just not very long.
,Recommended,232430,16494131,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Vasily Chuikov,One of the most amazing and moving experiences I've had in a game in years.
,Recommended,232430,8540907,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,aleX,"Excelent game, enjoyed it thoroughly. Brilliant storytelling, the girl's voice is beautiful and so is the story. The enviroment is amazing, and the music is excellent. I personally enjoy good stories, and this one delivered. My only concern is the lenghth, it was way too short, but all in all, a must play."
,Recommended,232430,17199822,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,fionna_human,"I don't know why this game has so much negitivity, I loved it. It was a very cool immersive experience. Graphics were good, story was solid and a childhood like sense of fear came out while exploring in the dark.Really cool, perfect if you just want to kick back and enjoy a simple game."
,Recommended,232430,12164344,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Daimos_,"This was an interesting game. Not worth the full price to me, but that may be because I'm not a teenager anymore and my daughter is not yet either.It's a nice walking simulator, good pace, no scary disruptions. The story is paced well, the art is unique enough.Overall a nice catch in a bundle."
,Recommended,232430,17133164,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,AndreiaV,"I wasn't expecting that at all. I bought this game because I wanted to know what the fuss was all about... and man, now I know.I'm going to start by saying I'm not a first-person exploratory adventures fan. But in Gone Home I didn't feel like I was playing a game. Is  that a bad thing? I'm not sure I even care. I enjoyed the hell out of it.This game does an incredible job at story telling and it really does compensate for the lack of gameplay throughout the game. Getting to know the stories behind characters like the parents and THE Oscar and understanding their personalities just by reading letters and newspapers is just what makes the experience so much different.And of course, there's Sam and Lonnie. Those two characters are INCREDIBLY multidimensional and it is easy to understand what Sam is going through and to be imerse in the love story that the game is about. LGBT-unfriendly folks will hate it but I don't think they have much power left when it comes to the independent industry.If you don't value storytelling much more than you value gameplay, don't even try to play it because you will be wasting your time.Sarah Grayson did an amazing job as Sam. WELL DONE.I loved Gone Home.P.S. I'm not gay nor obsessed with tumblr, FYI."
76561198152458987,Recommended,232430,17169283,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,honadia44,SCARY BUT cool...
,Recommended,232430,17209296,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Tracey McCabe,What a beautiful game
,Recommended,232430,17195374,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,damenleeturks,Wonderful for playing with a group
,Recommended,232430,17128060,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TriptychAngel,5 out of 5 ♥♥♥♥ing stars.  An amazing story telling game that I would recommend to anyone. I didn't know anything about this game before I played it and it made the story all that more amazing. Please don't watch the trailer before you play as it reveals a big part of the story. Its an emotional journey that really hits home.
76561198201622065,Recommended,232430,17132867,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Mista Jangles,"Go into this game without any prior knowledge. Its for the best, you haven't ever played anything like this. Its an ""Investigative First Person Shooter"" as I describe it. Voice acting, story, music, ambience, and writing are all top notch. It also talks about important issues in the publics mind today. Can't reccomend it enough.This is a prime example of ""Games as Art""Play it."
,Recommended,232430,17124976,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,luolimao,"Very short (only about 2.5 hours if you really try to explore everything), and graphically rough around the edges, but I found the story pretty compelling. I also liked some of the smaller details, like when you find a secret location on a piece of paper, and it updates on the map. I was lucky enough to get it on sale; it's much too short for $20,"
,Recommended,232430,17154129,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Winsome,"A brilliant example of how games are a great way of telling stories, and evidence that games can be about normal life as well as the fantastical."
,Recommended,232430,17164332,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Constellation of the Ford Fusion,I raided a teenaged girl's room and heard the intimatcy's of hair dying. 10/10
76561198046672440,Recommended,232430,17197423,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,neuron_kick,"Very interesting and fun to explore the house and solve the mystery that is presented.  Great presentation and throwback to a more simple time.  Very short game, and definitely not worth the $20 initial price.  Highly recommended for $5, which I scored it at."
76561198052210690,Recommended,232430,16788500,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Sofia Ravn,"Worth buying, only if you can get it on sale.Decent game, a good story, but not a lot of replay value: And this from someone who can play through practically any game at least 5 times, before getting bored with it. In short: if it hadn't been 88% off, it would have been a massive waste of money, bordering on criminal.The story itself is (I believe) interesting, compelling, and worth playing the game for; but only if you're the type of person that enjoys emotional drama. I'd like to point out, that the game's description clearly states that there are no puzzles, and no fighting - so if you're looking for action and thrills, keep looking, this isn't the game for you - Gone Home is a nice, short story about love, and can barely be classified as a ""game"".The atmosphere, soundtrack, and graphics is masterfully done, equal to great games developed by the greatest companies, which is perhaps, why the gameplay and storyline feels like a let down - its like the developers spent all their time on the setting, the gloomy atmosphere, the creepy environs, and just plain forgot that it needed a plotline?As I said, the story itself is sweet and emotionally stimulating, but hardly original. Its a basic, cliché lovestory, the only ""twists"" being the fact that one expects something more sinister or paranormal happening, and that the lovestory refers to a same-sex type relationship. Wow, groundbreaking stuff, right there (sarcasm!).In short: at full price this is basically a bait-and-switch scam; but if you can get it on sale, its worth playing. Perhaps a price adjustment is required?"
,Recommended,232430,28236732,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Paiveus,"Short game, but I fell in love with the story. Wonderful narration for the journal entries. Huge house kinda creeped me out at first - did expect this to be a horror game but was pleasantly surprised.10/10"
,Recommended,232430,16510041,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Tentakel,The feelings are so strong...9/10
76561198035322847,Recommended,232430,7469113,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Conor,"Wonderful. Just wonderful. It's short, but there's more heart in a minute of this than an hour of most other games. Just buy it, put aside a couple of hours some evening, and go in blind. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,232430,10677753,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,mercury,"Just buy it! Great ""game""!"
76561198078981165,Recommended,232430,22466043,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,featheryfire,I'm gay and I love this game.
76561198094545749,Recommended,232430,9227463,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,metroidcell,The game was ok. Really nothing to write home about. Is it worth $20? No. Its too short. Its really just a story. A decent/boarderline good and memorable story but just and only a story.Conclusion: Buy it at a deal.
,Recommended,232430,8736963,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Cemetery Crepes,Masterful
,Not Recommended,232430,8351116,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ashlee the burger queen,"If you like a good, long storyline, this is not the game for you.I saw all of the negative reviews, but I was still interested in playing it. So I waited until it was on sale and I'm not too disappointed. I enjoyed the story and searching the house for every little clue.But, that's my opinion, and I'm sure most people would hate this game because of how short it is and some might consider it boring. Therefore, I would not recommend this game."
76561197973898159,Not Recommended,232430,8363219,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,MajLeeScrewed,"What a waste of a great platform. So many stories could have been told in this rich environment, instead they choose to bring the whole experiance down to a politically correct ""teaching moment"". I don't understand why they spent so much time on the details only to throw the whole story away."
,Not Recommended,232430,8501188,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,smackman82,"So I picked this up because, everywhere I go online and otherwise, this game is getting huge buzz with Game of the Year on many lists and it's being touted as very unique and atmospheric. Mind you, a lot of this review is hard to get my point across without spoilers so I will not spoil much if anything at all.Now, like I said, for one, I've read ""unique"" many times in reviews and I feel like the reviewers must be just playing main-stream stuff and not really hitting the fringe often but this game comes off as an uninspired Dear Esther which came out last year not to mention the other games trying to pass games as an art-form and story telling media.The atmosphere is something to talk about in this review because it IS what's gonna drive you through this game. I feel like that is a great driving force in Gone Home but it leads you through an extremely quick game of seek and find that pulls it's climax from under your feet having you asking ""what happened?"" when you reach the credits. Not that the end is confusing or anything (if anything, it feels like it's attempting to preach about issues that're raging today), its just that there're clues to things that don't fully flesh out and leave most issues dangling.In summary, the plot is unfinished and I feel it's getting credit because of the issues its pushing rather than the actual quality the game is built on. I beat this game in 45 min, taking my time, not rushing, and honestly stunned by its shortness. I think the developer can make a quality game, just gotta get that story and length worked on."
76561198011032044,Not Recommended,232430,11442446,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,froward,"Gone Home did an excellent job in subverting my expectations.  However, the overall narrative of the story is unfortunately quaint; I had no interest in inhabiting the character.  Much of the praise lauded on this game I feel is derived from the nostolgia that it must conjure for those who were in their teens in the early-to-mid 90's; I felt none of this.  Still, I give credit to Fullbright for inhabiting the world with other smaller storylines to flesh it out.  Ultimately, Gone Home boils down to if you cared for the plot or not; I did not."
,Not Recommended,232430,13064617,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Obscura Nox,"I can not recommend this game for its current price of 20 Bucks. It is simply way to short ( I beat the game in 3 hours on my first try) to be worth that kind of money. On top of that it has no replay value, and the gameplay is essentially the bare minimum of what you can even call gameplay - 20€ is really pushing it.But with that being said, i still recommend that you play this game. I picked it up during a sale for roughly 5 bucks, and it was certainly worth it. The Game features a gloomy atmosphere and does a great job immersing you in the story. Which is, perhaps not what you would expect. Without giving anything away, this is not a horror themed game. Think of it as a short, interactive story, that is executed very well.If i had to nitpick, its that it really is way to short. They have this fantastic build up and then...it just stops. Nonetheless, if you can pick up this game for a low price - its worth checking out."
76561198001855584,Not Recommended,232430,13259114,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,paul.ragnar,"Surprise! You thought you were going to get a video game, but instead all you got was a sappy, 10-minute voiceover narrative rife with gender issues!"
76561197981027845,Not Recommended,232430,8748091,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Dat Boi E,"Sound is great, story progression thru finding items is very cool. Momma greeny a hoe. Good for Sam. Alot of elements of this game I liked but I can't recommend it only on the fact that many of my friends wouldn't be able to grasp the point of this game. They would ♥♥♥♥♥ me out if I tell em to buy this. I prolly need smarter friend's but w/e. I enjoyed what the makers did there at the end. Make a part 2 tho, Oscar's Revenge. 3 star's like netflix, can't recommend this...."
,Not Recommended,232430,8940018,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,RahJuice,"After hearing about how great this title was I was quick to play the game and experience it myself.Disregarding the bandwagon following people's rave reviews about this game, I felt the story to be unique but I never felt any incentive or reward after finding out what happened towards the end. The twists were predictable and the game didn't meet my expectations in the slightest. However, I do give it a star for making item scavenging and description reading integral to the gameplay as I usually stray away from that.Overall, this would have never made it to Game of the Year for me, but I do respect how people feel about this game."
,Not Recommended,232430,13192206,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Flyingmouse51,"Picked it up through a sale, decided to play it since I was looking for something lonely.While it had a decent atmosphere (especially during the basement) and good music, this game is essentially a 3D point-and-click ""adventure"" with mediocre graphics, simple puzzles, and a rather boring story. I guess I was expecting more of this game than I really should have, but it seemed fairly promising when I first picked it up. Especially with its normal price tag of $20, which I'm glad I didn't pay."
,Not Recommended,232430,13248135,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,soundnew,"This is definitely not worth the $20 - Heck, it's not even worth $10.Finished it in less than two hours (I usually take my time with games too) and there is no replay value. Setting and story is predictable and uninteresting- it leads in the player with interesting set-ups only to show the situation as something else entirely. Your character and you as the player have no impact on the story at all.There's just notenoughto keep you invested.I have literally no idea why this got such good reviews."
76561198041983251,Not Recommended,232430,8312555,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Donovan,Tension leading up to a shallow story.
76561198110667298,Not Recommended,232430,13277711,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,lazycoffeeguy,"I just beat this game after a mere 2.5 hours of game play.  I would NOT recommend this game to anyone for $20.00.  Not even for $4.99.  This game was so hyped up I thought I was going to get so much more than what I got.  The story telling was excellent, I can't deny that.  I was just very suprised where it ended up... Had I known that was going to be the main reveal/story I wouldn't have spent money on the game.  Great design, but incredibly short - wish I had been let on as to the content a little more... but didn't want to get spoliled.  wish I had."
,Not Recommended,232430,13374601,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Squidix,"This one is a hard call. It not a bad game -- I played all the way through and didn't regret it. It's just that for everything that went in to it, I felt I got very little out. It's scope is too large for the genre and the playtime is too long for the payoff. Despite that, the game is very well put together, engaging, and quite capable of evoking a range of emotions.If you know you like narrative walking simulators, then this is a no-brainer. For everyone else, I'd say pass.[Spoilers follow; don't read before playing, but do afterwards for my justification for not recommending]The thing that really bothered me was that this game effectively builds up all kinds of tension - the stormy night, the dark rooms, the abandoned house, the ghost hunting, the uncle's dark secret - and yet failed to capitalize on any of it. At first, it heightened the experience. Later, it became trite and annoying; I was just waiting to be scared. In the end, when I found that tension was all for nothing, it just left me with a bad taste in my mouth.I was also disappointed that none of the side-stories resolved at all. We never found out what the uncle did. We never found out the status of the parents. We don't know what happens to the runaway. We never find out about the dad's career. Finding the details was really fun, but then finding out that they were meaningless in the end (the daughter was mostly oblivious to all these facts) again left me with a sense of incompletion and frustration."
,Not Recommended,232430,11484597,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Hoarfrost,"Ok so basically youll get the idea of this entire game by watching a youtube video of someone ""playing it"" on youtube. This game is not at all... I repeat NOT WORTH $20. The story tugs at the heart strings mildly... but friggin seriously. You pick up random items and the girl narrates the story. I finished this in 1.3 hours. Yup. Theres no replay value either. I coulda seen a movie at the theater and got popcorn and a drink for that price and felt way less ripped off. The critics give it great reviews cause they didnt have to pay for it. If it was free... Id be like oh wow that was a really good work of ""art"". Paying for it.... makes me feel like I should write forum posts and boycott the people who made it. Im serious. Even if it goes on a steam sale and you get it for 5 bucks youd still be getting ripped off. Again, this should be a free game to show what the dev can do in the games as art category ... if you can consider it a game. Because of this, ill never buy from this publisher again."
,Not Recommended,232430,8894959,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Coriander Filet,"Gone Home is not the savior of video game stories that certain gamers and critics claim it to be. It is not touching. It is not moving. It is not ""a reflection of my own life in a video game."" Gone Home is a $20 3D model of a house with a primitive, undeveloped story (at best). This is a shame as there is no gameplay EXCEPT for discovering the story, which is itself not good. It is as if the creators of this game decided (rightfully so) that the modern bro-tastic Michael Bay game story scene in games had to change, but instead of crafting a moving and deep story they just threw together a bunch of elements that are usually associated with modern philosophical debate as if it was a cookbook. What I mean is that the story itself is not very good, and things like Sam's homosexuality, Terry's molester uncle, Jan's marriage don't make it any more thought provoking. They just appear to be thrown into a bad story to try to cover up the bad story with a fake sense of moral depth. The naive-kid-in-love-running-away paradigm isn't new or intriguing, and just because she is a lesbian and her dad got molested doesn't make it an instant tear-begger or add in any ""deep"" themes/commentaries.TL;DR     DON'T BUY THE GAME UNLESS IT IS LESS THAN FIVE DOLLARS"
76561198006524181,Not Recommended,232430,8960118,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Joey Jo-Jo Jr Shabadoo,Bad: Extremely over-rated. Too Short. Over-priced. Lame♥♥♥♥♥story.Good: Great atmosphere. Great props. 90's nostalgia is awesome.
,Not Recommended,232430,13184494,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,chairkicker,It's absurd that the game doesn't have subtitles.
,Not Recommended,232430,8400884,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,el_patron,Dont buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ No combat/puzzles/action/enemies just collecting stuff that tells you a story about some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198167035425,Not Recommended,232430,13279856,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,e.ma.reeve,"I accidentally happened upon the secret room in which I found the attic key... and since the game ends in the attic I wasn't able to solve any mystery or really play the game at all. The whole thing took me about 45 mins to play through, just by exploring the house and such, I'm VERY VERY dissapointed that I payed 20 dollars to accidentally solve the game. I didn't get any story, I have no idea why no one was in the house and have no speculation as to why the sister was missing. Waste of my money."
76561198040976468,Not Recommended,232430,8314185,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Vargalf,"This game is dumb, there is nothing to shoot"
,Recommended,232430,13407018,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,syrito,goty 2013
,Recommended,232430,11366855,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,TomFooligans,"What a wonderful little experience this turned out to be. I heard all the hype, but could never bring myself to buy it at full price, and having now played it I can see why $20 might be a fair asking price, but would still recommend most people pick it up on sale. But DO pick it up. I can't remember every playing a game quite like it, and the atmosphere of the whole thing is excellent. This game is build out of flavor. I won't say anything else of it lest I give spoilers or retread well-worn ""lol if u liek short gaems..."" territory, but yes, I can whole-heartedly recommend Gone Home. It belongs in everyone's Steam library."
76561198026845102,Recommended,232430,9346785,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,RzLDzL,A brilliant and simple game driven entirely by the story. No action what-so-ever. The writing and voice acting are so good it sucks you in. A quick few hours will complete the game. Well worth it.
,Recommended,232430,13167065,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Bruno,"Love Riot Grrrl music. The game itself is dull, but at least it's not too long."
76561198007475885,Recommended,232430,10738380,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,itchy01ca01,Incredible experience. Buy it. Now.
,Recommended,232430,14104848,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,PsychShaman,I believe the game description says something about being a story exploration game.  That's pretty much the best way to describe it.Pros:  There's a few story arcs which are interesting.  The ending was pleasant.Cons:  It doesn't feel like much of a game.  Be prepared to read a lot.
,Recommended,232430,28213852,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Darth Gumballs,"What a wonderful journey. The game is superb in every way. The narration is top notch, you can feel the emotion, and the music is great as well. The atmosphere is calming and unnerving at the same time, and exploring the eerily empty house was satisfying. The house feels lived in, and I enjoyed picking up and examining just about everything I came across, and it all added to the story.I love the art style, and truly enjoyed every moment of the game. I'm glad I finally got around to playing it!"
,Not Recommended,232430,12494148,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Adrian Snrub,"This game doesn't deserve any of the praise it received and here's why:If it were a film, or book the people who would say they enjoyed it would be those who want to appear 'accepting of LGBT relationships', in the same way the 'blackpeopleloveus' website satirises patronising white people wanting to appear 'tolerant of black people'.Because Gone Home is arguably a videogame, one that attempts to drive more of a point than a story (the developers also boycotted PAX 2013 because 'LGBT issues' were more important than telling their story)... it seems reviewers have glossed over the important details; that the writing is poor, and the delivery is mediocre.It's like giving a gold medal to someone with missing legs coming last in the regular Olympics instead competing in the Special kind. But good on them for trying, right? 10/10 for effort. Who cares where you would have placed in a fair race?Don't play Gone Home. Don't reward mediocrity or you'll start seeing a whole lot more of it."
,Not Recommended,232430,30456129,Posted: 11 March,all,Carlos Danger,"A poorly made walking simulator that was put out for one sole purpose.... 'If every major game outlet gives a turd of a game a 10/10 and every award to push a trendy LGBT narrative that is ultimately uninteresting will people buy it because they trust our reviews?'The answer is yes. Yes they will.Now play as an angry consumer who no longer trusts media after media companies globally get caught red handed shilling out products for profit and reeming these same companies in retrospect online embarassed that you ever bothered to experiment with something new based on recomendations of glorified marketing teams that call them selves journalists and award panels.Then realize at the end of the day, they got the $3.75 you paid for this turd of a game and you will never get it back. Jokes on you sucker."
,Not Recommended,232430,160885,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Moleculor,"A rollercoaster ride of emotion, an experience worth having for anyone who's a fan of story in games.But not at $20."
76561198016276776,Not Recommended,232430,10626253,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,#Picks#WeeWooWeeWooWeeWooWeeWoo,"Oh dear lord, where do I begin? Gone Home is another entry in the overpriced ""art"" game trend (Dear Esther, Journey, etc...). It has absolutely 0 replay value and is specifically tailored to sap money from the hipster gaming crowd. There's a lot of debate on whether or not this can be considered a game. I think its obviously a game but there is no content whatsoever. Here the developers are, selling this pile for 15 dollars when you can just see a movie for the same experience and for cheaper. Gone Home is shorter, less visually pleasing and has less production value than a movie and it costs more. How is that legal? How on Earth review sites were suckered into fapping over this game and even giving it a GOTY (WHAT THE ACTUAL ♥♥♥♥???) is far beyond me. DON'T listen to the reviews. DON'T buy this game."
,Recommended,232430,12356146,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,InsertNameHere,"I'm a bit late on the bandwagon for this one, but it's absolutely fantastic! It's a unique game with a great change of pace and the story unfolds absolutely beautifully. It's not action packed or high tension but I still highly recommend checking it out if you haven't already. I don't want to give too much away, but it's a got a fantastic narrative, it's a fairly inexpensive and can be finished in 2-3 hours at most. It's definitely worth it to play through it. Just do it already."
76561198049945266,Recommended,232430,26069032,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ZombieKef,"I like games which tell stories. Recently I have been enjoying a computer game genre sometimes described as ""walking simulators"" - games which aren't based on fast action, shooting, jumping and so on, but are instead more introspective affairs utilising exploration and story as their main elements, occasionally with a few puzzles. Last night I played Gone Home and recommend it if you're interested in this genre.The setting:June 7, 1995. 1:15 AM.You arrive home after a year abroad. You expect your family to greet you, but the house is empty. Something's not right. Where is everyone? And what's happened here?Gone home is an interactive exploration simulator. Interrogate every detail of a seemingly normal house to discover the story of the people who live there. Open any drawer and door. Pick up objects and examine them to discover clues. Uncover the events of one family's lives by investigating what they've left behind.I have to be careful what I say since I don't want to give anything away. It hit the perfect sweet spot for me. It's not too long (you can complete it in an evening; quicker if you don't explore every nook and cranny); it inspired different emotions at different times, rather than being one-note; it has believability; it offers an interesting premise and a compelling story revealed gradually. I think most people, gamers or not, could get something from this game if you approach it in a relaxed way, a bit like curling up with a good book. I'm glad games like this exist.[Note: despite the possibly ominous setting it is not a horror/jumpscare/Hollywood thriller type of story, so if you avoid those types of games, don't avoid Gone Home! It’s heart is about families/people.]"
,Recommended,232430,12449285,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,mattolde,A change of pace from games I usually play. I was surprised how much I enojoyed playing it. Great story telling and atmosphere!
76561197972037748,Recommended,232430,12620254,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Scoilt,"A short but very engaging game with a story line that pulls you in. The game is very much an exploration game rather than an adventure game. The voice acting is really well done and is really the driving force behind the game that is complimented by intriguing and extremely detailed snippets of family life circa 1995. The design of the house is a bit absurd but it works really well in the game. This family also has a strange fettish for collecting highlighters, ballpoint pens, and three ring binders though..."
76561198075200522,Not Recommended,232430,12654044,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,sarfonm,"There's been a lot of fuss made over this game, which is what attracted me to it in the first place. Sadly, the fuss is far more interesting than the game itself. An endless series of letter reading, with not a lot else. Yes, the atmosphere is good, but there's more to a game than that. At least, more to a €20 game for sure.If it wasn't to do with the LGBT issues faced in the story (wierdly watered down by setting it in the past - odd choice), there wouldn't be nearly so much talk around it. If LGBT issues don't bother you (i.e. you're over it, each to their own), there's really nothing here. Sadly, a little preaching to the converted, i fear. If it changes a couple of minds though, maybe it's worth it. But yeah...€20?"
76561197990094197,Not Recommended,232430,12727889,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,crashtestpro830,"An intriguing and atmospheric start draw you in, but eventually you realize you've just played 3 hours of gay propoganda."
76561198026221093,Not Recommended,232430,9031708,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,FireBrand,"As of now the developer BANNED me from the gone home forums for merely answering questions about the game and giving my honest opinion without insulting anybody. This is all the proof you need this game is nothing but SJW politically correct nonsense as this crowd loves to silence anyone who does not agree with them.I don't think this ""game"" deserves any mention as game of the year because it is not a game at all.  For me it was like an attempted light drama movie of someone who the camera never shows reading narrated notes in a house that played to a predictable conclusion.  As a LGBT friendly person myself,  I was more rolling my eyes at the message being portrayed then anything as it's a story I have heard countless times from REAL people.In no way is this game worth 20$ as I took my time and it took me slightly over an hour and a half.  The price is simply way, way too high.  Buy it when it shows up in an eventual bundle because that's all it's worth.  I would of been very dissapointed myself if I spent the full 20$ on this overhyped ""game."" (NOT A GAME AT ALL)People say this game is amazing, yet it's just the sjw crowd parroting a game popular in their community.  What it really is is a 20$ low par coming out of the closet story."
,Not Recommended,232430,12944639,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,BehrHands💯💯,"Instead of buying Gone Home buy meth and you'll be gone, Holmes."
,Recommended,232430,12304929,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Haevytoen,"While Gone Home doesn't offer much when it comes to actual gameplay, it's worth seeing the whole thing through for the story alone.From the very start, the game creates a terrific atmosphere in which the player gets to uncover the well-written story about what happened back home while she was gone for a year."
,Recommended,232430,7747335,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,count slackula,"There's a lot of talk about the cost of this game in the reviews section of this site. It seems that such users are using the age old criteria of equating the possible play hours in a game with its worth. The value of this game, of which there is a plentiful amount, reveals itself at a wonderful pace during the 2-3 hours it may take to reach the story's end. The amazing sense of humanity in the game's world is strengthened by its temporary nature; the game's story exists in one evening and as such I find it appropriate that it can be completed in one evening. There is no glitz and glam, DLC gaps, hinted sequels or tacked on multiplayer. This is a game designed for an evening alone at home with a pair of headphones. I don't want to talk about the story to a huge extent: I'd rather note how the game's wonderful narrative mechanisms made for a far more consuming and involving process of play than I have experienced with any recent high budget ""story driven"" games. The soundtrack never quite feels nostaliga-exploitative though I can't help but feel that this game is perhaps for a certain generation; the generation on the border of a digitisation of life itself. We who sit at our laptops now, but in flipping from Side A to Side B of the cassette in Gone Home are brought back to that sense of unknowing and possibility. Gone Home's setting echoes this sense, a truly explorable place for once, and albeit linear you always feel like the record button is pushed down right alongside the play one."
,Recommended,232430,12497826,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,MØ,"Really great game. Different than I though. Too short . However, the detail and story they put into it makes up for any other issues. They need to make more indie games like this."
76561197970909516,Recommended,232430,475311,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,RedFlint,"Not for everyone, but damn, this is a different experience. As an attempt at interactive storytelling it is to be applauded."
,Recommended,232430,7819629,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Sardonic,"Some would say this is not a game, I disagree. If it helps, think of this game as a very long rummaging-through-a-house-for-story-content segment in Fallout 3/NV, Dishonored, Deus Ex HR, or something.  Hell, think of it as the ultimate sub-urban exploration simulation game.Anyway that aside, if you like that kind of rummaging around a house for story content stuff, this game packs it in droves.  It tells what I think is a reasonably well-executed story very organically.  It's almost myst-like.Also every time you buy this game, a misogynist gamer will shed a tear of mountain dew into his bag of doritos, so it has that going for it too.It might not be worth it at $20, but on discount, it's worth it.Oh, also, If you do get it, do yourself a favor and don't pop any of the cassete tapes into players."
76561198016782188,Recommended,232430,24624633,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,V I D A L,"One of the most immersive games I ever experienced. Quite probably the most immersive for me ever... I was completely turned off from the real world... if my house was on fire, I wouldn't have noticed. Played all the way in one sitting."
,Recommended,232430,12871933,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Master Indigo,"Focus on story,  you could call this one of those walking simulators. Story is interesting, puzzles are really easy.It's pretty short, but for sale price, grab it."
,Recommended,232430,16714696,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Rand Paul 2020,"Gone Home, if you like mystery combined with emotionally-driven, detective-style walking simulator gameplay, is easily among my Top 10 Favorites out of the 950 game titles that I own in my Steam Library. Get it and enjoy the ride."
,Recommended,232430,7938274,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Shiro,"This short, slow-paced exploration game tells a simple, yet engaging story through the eyes of a young woman.What I found incredible aboutGone Homeis its attention to detail and how it manages to give you so much insight into the protagonist's family while still leaving a lot to the imagination. The little ""side stories"" are really intriguing and their presentation is great.One of the highlights of this game is its mid-90s setting and how nostalgic it feels to explore a house filled with video and cassette tapes, SNES cartridges, handwritten mail, the distinct absence of computers, and other elements that really hit close to home for people who grew up in that period.The game's atmosphere is also surprisingly eerie.Admittedly,Gone Homewon't please everyone, and it most certainly isn't ""Game of the Year"" material as some members of the press would have you believe. But it's nonetheless a worthwhile experience for those looking to take a break from shooting and blowing up stuff.And this is coming from someone who absolutely despises ""social justice warriors"" and modern feminists. So if that's your concern, good news: you can be a normal human being and still enjoy this game."
,Recommended,232430,16774314,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,can i have a small diet pepsi,Most fun I've ever had uninstalling and refunding a walking simulator about lesbians.
,Recommended,232430,12418983,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,jessemobile1021,"You will love this game... I'm serious.  Don't listen to all those negative ""helpfull"" comments.  This game was made for you :)Yes, its true, the majority of the COD-cliche gamer-types won't like this game.  But so what?  This game wasn't made for them; it was made for people like you and I who who want games to challenge us, surprise us, force us to think differently and feel intensely.  Its about passion, sex, travel, loss, parenthood, childhood, sisterhood, the tragedy of being a teenager, and how our actions affect the people and things around us.  Most of all, it's about love. <3But listen, you shouldn't just take my word for it, you have to try it out for yourself.  So go ahead.  Click that $20 ""BUY"" button, take a deep breath, and enjoy the most emotional 4 hours of your gaming life.  Happy Travels ;)"
76561198076470961,Recommended,232430,14489087,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Jax,"Gone Home, is a special game, in that the focus is not upon the mechanics, or the character progression, or the physics or the horror or the funny aspects or anything of the sort.Gone Home, is, an experience.It is almost like a proof of concept showcase by the developer, the Fullbrght Company, showing us what they can do, and how we can achieve games without gameplay and still make it enjoyable,The first thing I will say about this game, is that, the price is too steep.Where I live, it is 20 euros, which is around 22 USD, for, what is about two hours gameplay.A game this short which focuses almost entirely on the narrative is almost completely devoid of replay value more than once a year, as you will remember most all of it.You arrive home, just in the porch of your house, locked out, with the rain pattering down on the windows and the sumptious graphic style just oozing from the walls, and you get a certain feeling.After witnessing the creepy intro and the dark, foreboding concept art of the titular Home, you are already predisposed to be a little scared with anticipation of what lies in wait inside the house.You make it inside your house reasonably quickly, where the lights flicker on slowly, and that feeling intensifies.You're so small and quiet and alone and the house is so dark and big, it seems to encompass you.You get a sinking feeling of dread, like when you heard a creak in the corner of your room as a child, and it really does appear to be a master class in horror undertones, all they have done is shown you two rooms, and you're already scared.This is an example of ""horror"", done right.No jump scares, not even the heart pounding terror of games like Amnesia, just a constant, subtle feeling of ""Oh god something is very wrong here"".The house is very interactive, and most things can be picked up and examined, with a lot of notes etc. being readable.Immersion is slightly broken here, when the 90's, dark, gloomy graphics style contrasts with some notes and pamphlets you will pick up, which are just scanned in from real life pictures, not rendered with the same style as the rest of the game, and it can be rather jarring.However, this small gripe is quickly brushed away by the persoanlity exuded by all of these interactive objects, as often instead of just ""Pick up"" they will have specific things written when you hover over them, a highlight being ""Gosh, Dad"", for a hidden Gentleman magazine, and the fact that if you point at where you got the item while holding it, you can ""Put back"", helping to retain the atmosphere of the house and you amble back and forth through the halls, a small feature that enhances everything greatly.And it truly is the house here, that is the star.There is a delicate story here, one about love, that many people are hailing as being beautiful, whereas personally I found it to be rather cliché, and you will guess how it ends after a few minutes.The story is told by a collection of diaries and cassetes, voice acted rather well, but there is a constant feeling of ""When does it begin?"", as the story does not really seem to fit the atmosphere they have so perfectly crafted.As you trudge through the different rooms, finding keys and diaries and finding combinations to locks, you will be genuinely apprehensive of entering the dark rooms and each light switch you flick seems like a god-send.This reaches a peak, as you start uncovering creepy hidden passages and learning from the audio logs that this house has a dark past, and you begin to wonder once again, ""Just where is everyone?"".It rises to a crescendo as you approach an entrance to the attic, draped in creepy red light and with your sister ominously pleading with you not to enter it.Unfortunately, this seems to be it.You continue on your journey, slowly realising, there is nothing in the dark.There are no murderers or demons or ghosts, and this game is done trying to scare you.It just becomes a tired out, predictable story, and that very attic turns out to be empty too.Gone Home's best aspect, the emptiness it embodies, is also it's biggest downfall, it is truly empty.You were scared of those rooms for no reason.There was never any threat, any reason to continue.And therein lies the problem,It's essentially just a nice atmosphere you will enjoy for about an hour, then a story you will rush through for another hour, if even, then probably never pick up again, for 20 euro,For that money you could get The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim and it's DLC Hearthfire, which has hundreds upon hundreds of hours of gameplay, while I, along with most people, finished this game in one sitting.Sometimes I do come back to this game, just to enjoy entering the vast kitchen and hearing the rain pelt the windows for a few minutes and explore it for a little while.I managed to get it on sale for 2 euro, and enjoyed it thoroughly, so it is a very good choice to buy during a sale, but not really worth it at all otherwise.Pros;+Atmosphere is one of the best I have ever seen.+Absolutely full of character.+You have almost certainly never seen it's like before, and if you like love stories and are emotional, there is something truly beautiful to be witnessed here.+Graphics are gorgeous without ever dropping any frames.Cons;-Ridiculously overpriced by most standards.-Lacks replay vakue.-Immersion is broken quite a bit.-Serious lack of general content,-No actual gameplay.-No trading cards or achievements for fans of upgrading their profile.Overall;A game that is more art than anything else, but a bit like ordering food from a fast food restaurant, you will enjoy it a lot at the time, but will be left wanting more and unsatisfied, feeling like you wasted your money quite a bit.Rating;7/10"
,Recommended,232430,7484549,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Myrhial,A beautiful story that slowly unfolds itself with a plot that doesn't give itself away too soon. Made me go teary-eyed at a few points.
76561198173041659,Not Recommended,232430,30658143,Posted: 21 March,all,MrStromboli,This game was a waste of time. Dont buy it its worth it for free but thats about it.
76561198179372866,Not Recommended,232430,23421521,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,mustawd,"This is not really game per se. So I can't recommend it as such.Not even sure in what form I COULD recommend it. Hmm...maybe if all you had was solitaire and minesweeper and Gone Home. And you had just beaten solitaire and played 4 hours of minesweeper. Yeah, it might be worth 2 hours then."
,Recommended,232430,7498362,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,MX OneFive,"Very cute story and well paced.  A couple hours well spent.  Brought back a lot of memories, as I was about the same age at the time this game takes place."
,Recommended,232430,7686187,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Ronnie,"Ever been alone in your own house with all the lights off and it becomes the most unnerving thing in the world even though it's your house? Well that's Gone Home. An interactive story set in 1995 where you come back from a trip in Europe to find your house mysteriously empty and the only way to find out where everyone's has gone is to begin exploring the rooms finding, notes, books, video tapes, cassettes and try and piece together the mysterious. Gone Home is incredibly immersive and will have you exploring every nook and cranny of this oh-so familiar yet unfamiliar home and taking you for a nostalgia trip while you're at it."
,Recommended,232430,9024842,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Pyrojackson,"It's the mid-90s, and you arrive at your family home after studying abroad. You are standing on your porch, and wonder, “where is everyone?” Your parents and sister are mysteriously absent. Once you find a way inside your house, much of the experience is eerie and isolating. The game encourages you to explore the environment for clues.  The house is filled with nostalgic artifacts from the 90s—from X-Files posters, SNES cartridges, and VHS/Cassette tapes.  The game’s attention to detail creates an incredibly immersive experience.  As you examine notes and objects, the narrative unfolds, and you learn more about the hidden lives of your family. Despite being absent, all the characters have beautiful depth, which is a testament to the innovative storytelling of Gone Home.Gone Home is short, but satisfying.  You probably won't feel compelled to replay it.  Yet it is truly innovative and worth your time, so I highly recommend it.."
,Recommended,232430,7511973,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Febel,"The best video game story of 2013 and almost certainly deserves to be called one of the best in the history of gaming. Might not be worth the full $20 but is absolutely worth paying for. Buy this game, if only because we need to show the industry that this kind of thing will sell. One of only 3 games that has ever managed to almost bring me to tears. ♥♥♥♥ me this game is good. Other high points:* If you grew up in the 90's this game is basically one giant nostalgia bomb for you with almost every aspect of family life recreated.* Useful for telling who on the internet is a sociopath or a soulless automaton (the people who say they didn't care about the story).*Christmas ducks.Alright, all the gushing aside I will say that one of the most common complaints about the game is that there isn't much in the way of actual gameplay. The entirety of the game really does revolve around wandering the house finding notes and the like in order to piece together what happened. It really is all about the story and the way it's told so if you you're hoping for lots of things to do I think you may want to look elsewhere."
,Recommended,232430,24627105,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Spacegirl Roxy,"Get it when it is on sale, don't let yourself get spoiled. It's a very good story."
,Not Recommended,232430,11330239,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Kalu,this makes me want to go home
,Recommended,232430,7798659,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,theo,+Interesting visuals+Wonderful places to explore+Lots of easter eggs+Progression of the story is neat+Doesn't force you to do any random puzzles-Queercore music-Story can be underwhelming
,Not Recommended,232430,34503848,Posted: 26 August,all,maks.petrovskiy,"It makes you think it has some horror, but there is none. I don't want to spoil anything but the story is the worst kind of story for horror expectations."
,Recommended,232430,7493225,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,bobert awful (F+),"Goddamn. Goddamn, man. This is a game mainly about exploring a house and piecing together an adolescent love story, but there's plenty of subthreads, details, and songs to explore and take in. This game has zero combat or challenge beyond finding the keys to unlock doors, but that's so you ♥♥♥♥ing look at the environment. It makes great, great use of its environment and characters to create a deep sense of nostalgia (Double-feature movies recorded onto VHS tapes, hand-drawn cassette covers, crudely drawn Street Fighter art with a deep, deep sigh for my lost youth) in order to make the story more deeply engaging. Finding and exploring the story itself and all of its little subplots is the real good meaty♥♥♥♥♥♥ I found a contract rejection letter from a publishing house addressed to the father. Reading it hurt, even though I got the sense that the father who wrote the books was a pretty lazy author with an affinity for longwinded tangents. I felt ♥♥♥♥ing empathy. It's that kind of game.This game may not work for you if you haven't grown up in the 1990's, don't think finding secret passages in homes is goddamn interesting, or want something quick and fun to play. It's not for everybody.I'm still mad that I can't do the Magic Eye posters. Damn my ♥♥♥♥ing uncrossable eyes."
,Recommended,232430,7827771,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,#hj.Pablo,Pros:- <3Cons:-
,Recommended,232430,1045568,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Fake Al Gore,"This is one of the best semi-interactive narratives I have played in a long time. I can't really describe it without spoiling some of the story. There are so many little side-stories going on, too, that you just find and read along the way.Overall, this is just wonderful, and I recommend everyone purchase it."
,Recommended,232430,7806257,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Rascilon,"Gone Home is an absolutely superb adventure game.  The environment interactions and modeling work are among the best I've seen in the genre.  The narrative, while minimalist by design, pulls you into the story and doesn't let go.  The huge amount of detail and emphasis on unique objects, make the exploration experience fantastic.  While the game is quite short, and completeable in a few hours, this is a game that should be a benchmark for adventure games.   The deliberately minimalist approach ensures the story stays front and center, and that the player never feels bogged down by tedious puzzles.  Both the Steam Overlay and widescreen modes are supported, and the default detection worked flawlessly on my system.  Overall, the development team should be congratulated for a stunning success and I highly recommend this game to all players."
,Recommended,232430,7811870,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,AJ,2spooky4me
,Not Recommended,232430,34493606,Posted: 25 August,all,SupremeJJ,"I'm gonna keep it short and sweet. The media lied, this game is awful, I mean - seriously bad. How this won 'Game of the Year' (when it isn't even a game) I'll never know. Don't waste your money on it."
,Not Recommended,232430,12896370,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,arukugatari,"Hahaha, what? Omg, how did I play this for 11 hours? I must have been doing something else, say, for 3 of them or so--but 11?Welp, thought I was playing a horror that I ended up not caring to dig through thus spoiling it was a romance and wondering wtf. Worth the experience? Nope. CJ said it in their review, and I completely agree with the term: ""glurge.""Except this comes with a more or less distilled pour of emotion, set up in an empty home. Empty, like all I have left for this game after this lololol. 4/10 for keeping the horror vibes running tho, and somehow...11hrs. Wow."
76561198030998202,Not Recommended,232430,35191481,Posted: 24 September,all,undine777,"Worst game ever !!Only 1h playtime for 13USD !!!!Story boring, no mystery, total rip-off !!!!"
76561198132136488,Not Recommended,232430,35172577,Posted: 23 September,all,Panera is your home,"I don't often finish my games in one sitting, but due to its short length, I ended up finishing it by accident. The main love story is very generic and the many mini stories woven in are not very interesting either. In order to get invested, you have to read a ton of papers you find throughout the house. If you enjoy reading, you may like it, but the content isn't all that interesting either. When you playing the game makes you feel like you are finding clues to progress in the story, but it is really very linear and you quickly realize you can just walk to the end of the hall to find the next step. I bought this on sale for $5 but I would honestly say its only worth $1-2 max. The story is short and not replayable but it is fun to explore the house. I would definitely recommend playing at night when youre alone because there are times that youll hear someone breathe or a door creak that really spooks you(This rarely happens though so I was only spooked a few times ): )."
,Not Recommended,232430,7649048,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Crunchy Soap,"Gone Home is a neat little exploration game that's mostly about reading all kinds of stuff that has little to no relevance as to where your family is, and the game itself is only 2 hours long. I expected a lot more out of it because the story led me to believe that all kinds of crazy sh*t was about to go down, but it was very disappointing and the ending was very abrupt. It's got a deep story though, and it involves a touchy subject. Other than that, it's basically just a physics game with a mystery genre and tonnes of reading thrown into it. I expected much more from Gone Home, as the ratings for this game have been exceedingly high. After a lot of investigation however, I have failed to see what makes this game so amazing.My Rating: 6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,232430,12906676,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Vorell,"The whole premise of this game from a gameplay perspective was neat. Have a mystery that the player has to unravel by looking for clues.It's gameplay was lacking in the following ways:- It was far too easy, none of the clues were cleverly hidden or hard to locate. The suspense of the game solely arouse from not knowing what was going on.- Though it was enjoyable pieceing together the narrative from little fragments you discovered of the family's life, the whole ""horror"" game vibe goes out the window the instant you learn what this game is really about.If this game's developers and the Slenderman: The Arrival team had worked together on a game then you would've had a healthy mix of subtle story-telling, suspense, and a small element of jump scares.At the end of this game I felt like I had wasted three hours of my life for a storyline that I was able to guess a third of the way through. I kept playing and kept hoping that things were going to take some dark sudden twist, but I had no such luck."
,Not Recommended,232430,12954538,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Parcimony,"No one should pay for this game.  It's really nothing more than a demo for a story game where you walk around an empty house reading scraps of your sister's diary.  I spent the two-hours playing it, but this story could have been told in a single paragraph and read in less than a minute."
,Recommended,232430,20013822,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,the ting go skrrraa,good story
76561198094528652,Recommended,232430,12253531,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,FlamingGuy7711,Nice game. This game is good but can get REALLY boring at times. Intresting story and really only enjoyable if you play the whole game in one-two days.
,Recommended,232430,9132806,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Kendrick Lamar,Gud game gud story 10/10#gudgameguydollarbuy
76561197961153586,Recommended,232430,11760898,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Eddie Van Blundht,ONLY buy this game if:You have an imaginationYou have empathyYou enjoy beautyYou like readingYou like contemplatingYou like taking time to exploreThe game is on sale(Optional) You love the 90'sIf all the above is true-- you will LOVE this game.
,Recommended,232430,9078480,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Pearl,"If you come into Gone Home expecting a horror game, an action game, or a long game, you will be disappointed.There is a backlash against this game for being cliche, or people accusing it of riding entirely on a queer narrative. They have a bit of a point; the story is definately in the classic pattern. Forbidden love, etc. That said, it expresses that pattern through gay characters, which is novel for a video game to say the least. However, these reviews are missing the central point.Gone Home isn't about the story, it's about the atmosphere, which is not the same thing. What Gone Home is is a perfectly rendered chunk of 1995 brought to life, expressed in cassette tapes, zines, in street fighter combo sheets scribed on torn paper. It's about getting a small window into the life of this family, their troubles and triumphs. It uses its medium, the presence of player agency and the sense of exploration to tell a story in a way that could not be told in another medium.Is it a game? Well, yeah, it's an interactive amusement. But more than that, why is ""not a game"" even something one would level in an accusational tone? If it is not a game, and something else, than it it a stellar instance of that something else.Remember when we were all having that stupid discussion about if games were art? Well, here we go, somebody makes a game with artist intent, with a message and a strong narrative. Once, we would have discussed if this were art. Now, for some reason, we're discussing if this is a game. Seriously?Also, it has music by Bratmobile in it. Why aren't you playing it already?"
76561198124458375,Recommended,232430,10093552,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Top Hat,Good story.
,Not Recommended,232430,26759055,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Morpheis,Meh.
76561198026581192,Recommended,232430,9089648,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Doc,"In all fairness, I went into this game informed there would be a horrific twist, and also that twist had something to do with lesbians. The fact that the game is now tagged with the word 'lesbians' is, to an extent, deeply amusing to me.This game has also been tagged with things such as 'walking simulator', and also 'not a game'.I agree with both of those points. I prefer to think of Gone Home as interactive fiction.You'll only get out of this game what you're willing to put into it. When I first played it, I took it as un-seriously as it was possible to go. I picked up literally everything in the house and threw it on the ground (I'M AN ADULT), shrieked 'THE POWER OF CHRIST COMPELS YOU' to an empty walkway when I saw a cross I could pick up, and then made terrible jokes to the people watching me about lesbians at literally every turn available, even when it was utterly irrelevant.(Disclaimer: I am totally cool with lesbians, but someone misinformed me about the twist, and I wanted to milk that cow every available moment I could for humor. I'm a terrible person and I'm okay with this.)It was amusing enough that I would have made a Let's Play of it, but I was sadly not wearing a hat, and then it just wouldn't be wacky enough to stand out.I went through it again though (full disclosure: this was the 'third' playthrough. The second involved me taking the shortcut and finishing it in probably 50 seconds just to show that I could.), and this time it was vastly more meaningful, if that's a word I can use in this context. Probably because I was actually paying attention to the diary entries and notes, and on another level, I could now see all the ways in which they were using the tropes of a horror movie to create an atmosphere of...I wouldn't say tension, but definitely of drama.In the end, it's a story about teenage love, both for your sister and for your partner, and it's a beautiful thing.So it's not a game, but a story, so I won't recommend it to you as a game, but as something that you should experience, like a movie you can watch at your own pace.Tl;dr: play it at least once."
76561197998008603,Recommended,232430,9059482,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Talon,"Gone HomeImmersion; a word that gets used a lot in the realm of gaming these days. It would seem that game designers have been voraciously seeking the key to ultimate game-play immersion for a long time. After all, isn't that what games are about? A way to feel removed from your current surroundings, and injected into a new reality? Gone Home takes aim at immersion through a lesser used pathway. It seeks to weave you into the fabric of a story through the use of character development, nuanced nostalgia, and environmental design.The ""gameplay"" is non-traditional insofar as your are not tasked with a fight for survival, completing quests, or solving puzzles (except a few lock combinations which are readily apparent ). Instead, Gone Home is a game that asks you, the player, to take the time to notice the details around you and rewards that strategy with a persistent desire to know more about a character, event, or circumstance. The subtlety with which this is done is especially well conceived. For example, there are allusions one of the characters interest in her friend's grunge band early on in the story. As the game progresses, cassette tapes are found which can be played to hear the band play. It is learned later that the character eventually joins the band, and she can be heard singing on some tapes.Yes, this game takes place in the mid-nineties. Gone Home was clearly made by people who appreciated the cultural and social icons of that decade. The landscape is littered with loving references to grunge music, fashion, and other pop culture staples. This is an interesting strategy, and calculated no doubt, by the developer. By doing this, the current thirty-something crowd becomes transported back to a familiar and (hopefully) memorable time of their life. The game's reality instantly gains credibility in the mind of the player. The caveat, of course, of taking this approach is that there is a younger demographic of gamers that this immersion device will not affect to the same extent.The term ""interactive fiction"" has been used to describe Gone Home, but that moniker is limiting by not recognizing the visual, auditory, and perceptual triggers the game uses to bring you into the tale. The graphics serve a very specific purpose in this game. One of the primary methods of this is through the use of lighting. Most rooms are oppressively dark upon entering, which in a game about details, is a fairly significant barrier. While finding the light source(s) for the room is usually easy, the impact of lighting up a corner of the room and seeing something laying on the floor that was previously not visible, is considerable.The attention to detail, visually, is exceptional. In a day and age when ultra-high resolutions have become the defining factor in a game's graphical fidelity, Gone Home uses style over substance to deliver its graphical message. The plethora of notes found throughout the game used to deliver the storyline are often scrawled in various handwriting styles with the penmanship of the author often revealing more about their personality than the words.  The documents, pictures, and books the player comes across have a realistic quality that speaks to the creativity of the developers.Auditory cues are just as well placed as the other elements in the game. While the raucous thunder of the ""dark and stormy night ""outside is cliché without a doubt, it does add the perception of depth to the environment of a game that takes place entirely inside one house. The tones of the game are established through the expected noises one would find in an older mansion style home. However, most importantly, the voice acting of the characters is superb. When the player interacts with a critical object, it triggers a journal entry read by one of the characters. In her reading, the player can hear the  emotional state of the character and gets a sense of her identity right from the start. By the end of the story (which is somewhat predictable, but no less satisfying), the player is left with an empathy not often evoked in games.What Gone Home does, it does very well. Yet, there is also a sense of limited scope within the narrative. The argument could be made that constraining the story to a single character's exploits keeps the experience focused and linear. There do exist side plots involving other characters although none of those get the exposition through journal entries that the ""main"" character's do. This feels like a missed opportunity, and keeps those characters fairly one dimensional. The strategy of information seeking though detail as it related to these characters becomes inherently less rewarding and detracts from the game's depth.This is a  game that deserves to have the lights turned low, a warm drink in hand, and perhaps even a gaming/life partner sitting beside you while played. Gone Home is  an experience that drops the player into a story, and every click of the mouse is akin to turning the page of a book. It achieves a level of immersion that many games strive for, but few accomplish.http://oneguyreviews.blogspot.ca/?spref=tw"
,Recommended,232430,9096214,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Alik,"I enjoyed it, though it is a little short. I played it for about 2 hours, but I didn't find all the details for one storyline and didn't open one locked thing. I felt pretty satisfied at the end, though I did pick it up when it was on sale.The story is pretty good. It's not an overblown ""save the world"" story. It's not a power trip.  It's quieter, and much more personal.  If you don't care about characters, or if you're looking for a game where you run from point to point, following the quest marker and ignoring all the text, this isn't the game for you.Overall, it's a game I expect that I'll remember fondly, and think back on occasionally."
,Recommended,232430,7587077,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,EnerN!,Really amazing! I got so drawn to the story trought the whole game! Pretty creepy too. Buy it if you like story exploration and atmospheric games!
,Recommended,232430,26584523,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Rockjaw,"I must be one of the few people in the world to have gotten all the way to 2016 without playing Gone Home - or really being spoiled about it. I'm glad I was. This is a unique experience.Being the cheapskate I am, I'll admit I didn't pick up Gone Home at full price. I can't remember what sale or bundle I got it in, but I never got around to even installing it, which isn't unusual for me. One day, bored of the usual, I installed it to see 'what the fuss was about'. It probably sat on my desktop, unclicked, for about two or three months. Last night, even more bored of the usual, I launched it.What I'd heard - or rather, vaguely remembered - about the game was that it was a favorite of LGBTQ community members and friends; that it involved a house and exploring it... and that was about it. What I expected was a game, I guess perhaps an adventure game, which isn't my preferred genre - what I found was a heartening, moving, beautifully created interactive experience.I won't spoil, but this may not be the game you're expecting. It projects a feeling of mystery and potential fear, but that anxiety, that expectation, may be from within you. Gaming has conditioned us to feel a certain way about darkened houses, loud thunderstorms, and vaguely creepy settings. What gaming hasn't done much - but Gone Home illustrates this beautifully - is create human, emotional stories that draw you in, take you on a journey, and perhaps even change you by the end. I was captivated by Gone Home. Explore every nook and cranny and the house will take you somewhere very special."
,Recommended,232430,26634816,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Iamnotjoe,"I thought this was a horror game at first, and it has a couple aspects of horror games, but it isn't. This game was made for completionists, and that's what I am. I loved it. If you don't uncover all the clues and explore every inch, you won't get the full story. By the end, you feel like you know the characters intimately, just by picking up clues about their lives. I thought it was well made, with just enough creepy to make you want to see what lays beyond the next door. Also, this family has a TON of mugs, towels, and plates. I've encountered so many...."
,Recommended,232430,7539435,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Lucifrost,"if you're looking for an action packed game, turn the ♥♥♥♥ around. otherwise, this is a really nice story albeit a little easy to predict. the method of storytelling is interesting and i really enjoy the characters. also huge plus for a queer main character. the voice acting is also pretty damn good. the only actual problem i have with it is the price. $20 is a bit much for this game, i feel. i would recommend waiting for a sale."
76561198052015272,Not Recommended,232430,15389603,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Supresonicsquid,Best game Best gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest game Best game Best game Best gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest gameBest game.0/10
,Not Recommended,232430,16150053,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Nuttex,Beat it in 47 seconds.10/10 would uninstall again
,Recommended,232430,7799586,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,z0mby42,"While it's a short game, the experience is immersive and full of details that allow you to get fully drawn into the story.  You can't help but feel sorry for the main character's sister as she flails against forces she can barely understand.  There is no action, no fear, but there is a lingering melancholy as you explore the house, empty and alone."
76561198093702276,Not Recommended,232430,32837230,Posted: 26 June,all,blueeyesbuddha,"Although the graphics were cool and got to pick up every item, wished I could have made food or drank the soda or something.   Went through entire game in only 2 hours.  Only worth buying the game when it is on sale.  Story is suspensufl, not at all scary."
,Recommended,232430,7801954,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,waffle house,"This game plays like an interactive book / movie, really fun experience."
,Recommended,232430,7838336,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,JD1395,"This isn't a game in the sense that you win, lose, create, or destroy. It is an experience. An experience that you may not need, but one that you may want. It is simplistic. Quaint. Mysterious. And most of all, beautiful. It is an exploration into the lives of others, while you unknowingly explore yourself. This is not a game to be played nor one that I believe should be reviewed with numbers or statistics. It is art that should be appreciated and experienced."
,Recommended,232430,7785410,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,BadServo,"I've just completed ""Gone Home"".  Have been interested in it for awhile, and glowing reviews from friends and critics alike convinced me to finally pick it up.  I'd say it's difficult to review the subject matter without spoilers, but there are a few generalities that I can offer.Firstly, the retro stylizing is really fantastic.  You can pick up and examine in detail many items, and it's clear that the dev team took a real interest in keeping things rooted in it's 1994 setting.  You're bound get a few pangs of nostalgia as you play.The game can be completed at a leisurely pace in about 2 hours.  The game mechanics are competent, and the the exploration-style gameplay is satisfying.  There are no real puzzles, and nothing is difficult or non-obvious.  Just keep moving and giving things a look-over and you'll complete the title.While I think the game is worthwhile, on a enjoyment and game-time level, it would be easier to recommend at a $15 price-point.  It's current $20 price seems ever so slightly steep.The voice-over work, which is critical to selling the narrative, is exceptionally well done.As for the story itself....  I'm torn.  The game presents a narrative with a few sub-plots.  I'll say up front that the game is not at all what I expected.  And it will come as a surprise to no one that makes a habit of playing indie, art-house type games, that portions of the game are kind of a bummer.  Though this game isn't as one dimensional in tone as others in this category.The central plot may not be for everyone.  Depending on the type of person you are, I could see this getting reactions running the gamut from inspirational, to indifferent, to angering.  Your mileage, as they say, may vary.  I'd also complain that plot elements were far too strongly telegraphed, allowing me to call certain story element far in advance.  I also appreciate that the central plot is the most important to the game's overall success, but I wish that the subplots had been handled with slightly more care and fleshing out.Overall, I'm pleased to have played the games, though hard-pressed to extoll is as a must-play title.  If you're looking for something quick, low-impact, or with a unique voice, I certainly think you could do far worse.﻿"
76561197982883018,Recommended,232430,7835555,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Century Gunner,"As advertised, you do indeed ""Go Home"". Except no one is there. You proceed to walk around the house, finding notes and other information in strange places, putting the story together through journals you find and objects in the game. It's not so much a game, more a story experience, it's just a shame it's over far too quickly. I would of liked to have seen more environments , why can't you walk out into the yard? My heart yearned to explore a shed or catch a glimpse of another living being (where da eff is the cat?). For what you get, the default $20 price tag feels excessive. Grab it on sale for $5 like I did and it feels much more inviting.8/10 - CG"
,Recommended,232430,7837949,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,han solo body pillow,"All games really come down to is experience, and I had a good experience with this one. This is the ""one city block RPG"", except it's a ""one family home point-and-click."" The main plot is fairly well done, with good voice acting. Where I was impressed were the details -- little bits that added not just to Sam's story but to her mom and dad's, as well. Especially the dad's.I've only played through it once. It took me about three hours, carefully going over everything and backtracking when I got confused about the order things were happening. I could see another quick runthrough in the future for the commentary, but I don't know if I'll actually do that.It's not worth the full asking price, but it was worth the $5 I paid for it. Grab it when it comes back around for the winter sale."
76561198016823253,Recommended,232430,7848968,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,CalibratedEmu,"One of the most unique, powerful, and moving games I've ever experienced. It's something I think everyone should play."
,Recommended,232430,7804093,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Helalost,"I quite enjoyed ""Gone Home"", but then I knew what I was getting into. There's a mystery you have to unravel in this game, a very slow story unfolds, and you can take your time poking your way through and figuring out what happened. I admit I did jump a few times due to the creepy atmosphere, but don't expect monsters. There's a basic, but well told story here though, but this game is definitely not for everyone.By the time I finished playing I felt surprisingly connected to these people I hadn't actually met. I'm a pretty cynical person, so I really wasn't expecting to feel a little teary at the end and hopeful that everything works out for this family. The process of piecing together, not just the mystery of where everybody is, but a small window into this family worked so well for creating that connection in a way that didn't feel remotely heavy-handed. They did a fantastic job recreating the '90s too; the whole house felt really nostalgic even though I was an Australian teen in the '90s, not an American one.So, not for everyone, not a game in many people's eyes, but it was a story that I enjoyed. I got the game on sale for $5 though and I considered that well worth the couple of hours I spent on it. I spend way more than that going to the movies these days or even buying a DVD. I don't think it's worth $20 though, which is its regular price at the time of writing."
76561198006617124,Not Recommended,232430,33579001,Posted: 16 July,all,Jaswolf,A very short biased teen simulator.
76561198148980732,Not Recommended,232430,24505018,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,cr,I tried. I really did. But I guess this is a game for people with a lot of patience and don't mind walking around. And around.
,Recommended,232430,174652,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,nutcrackr,"Gone Home is not a traditional game. Much like Dear Esther, it is a story experience. You return home after a trip abroad to find your parent’s house empty. Only by rummaging through items and letters will you reveal more about the Greenbriar family. Flickering lights and scratching behind walls produces an unsettling atmosphere. Gone Home allows your imagination to run wild with theories, but the revelations are far less memorable. The experience takes 2-3 hours and there is little reason to revisit it. It is an intriguing premise, but one that does not reach excellence. 7.5/10"
76561198157638818,Not Recommended,232430,34496793,Posted: 25 August,all,4vv9int,not sure why everyone raved about this
76561198022614441,Not Recommended,232430,11697730,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Bambino Bellissimo,rename this game to b-hole blasters and re-package that♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,232430,12954590,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,gatnib,I enjoyed it but I wouldn't have bought it in hindsight. Buy it when it's on sale for 2 bucks.
76561197998712242,Not Recommended,232430,12974137,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Ne0ne,1 Not a game2 boring3 overpriced even on sale
,Recommended,232430,7964735,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,"God, owner of the Universe","THIS GAME SCORES [0 1 | *2* 3] = ~62% (50%-75%)(Might even be 4of4, don't remember it clearly enough. I hope to eventually do a 2nd play-through.)Enjoyable story told via exploration of a house, (some) object examination, sounds, music, and photos. The most fitting metaphor for what ""Gone Home"" is: The 3D 1st person game equivalent of a novella.This review has no spoilers.You play the girl Kaitlin Greenbriar, who arrives back at her family's home in the US after traveling in Europe, and finds that apparently nobody's home. You explore the house, the notes left, the items of everyday life, and the story they express. There's more, but I don't want to reveal too much. Regarding the content of the story: On a thematic scale from 1 to 3, where 1 is mundane and 3 is science fiction with monsters, magic, and Matrix-reveal, the story is at a value that gets rounded to 1. The game isn't unclear about the story, so you won't get lost in interpretation of which bleach bottle is placed where or something, but you do have to piece it together somewhat.Personally, when I started with the game in the evening, I eventually experienced a strong drive to pursue it to its end (Not to be confused with ""to get it over with"".), so I rather didn't leave the last 30 or so minutes for the morning, because I knew that I wouldn't be able to just conjure up the same emotional momentum. I recommend to complete the game in one sitting or to at least don't stop once you're an hour in. If you play fast, make that half an hour or even less.DURATION: 2 TO 4 HOURSA play-throughtakesfrom 8 minutes to 5 hours, whereas anything less than 40 minutes is irrelevant because you'd have to focus on just getting to the end point and maybe triggering content on the way. A reasonable play-through should takeat least90 minutes. I took a little more than 3 hours, because I wanted to enjoy the book instead of just determining what's written in it. Playing it for longer would mean even more thorough exploration bordering on content-stretching.Forbes' Paul Tassi must be straight uplyingwhen heclaims(Warning: The article does have spoilers.): ""I believe my total playtime was about 100 minutes, and that was with me exploring every inch of the house I possibly could, even multiple times."" As opposed to that guy, I actually did explore every corner of the house I possibly could, but not multiple times. I was everywhere once, in some places twice, I picked up objects and rotated them with the mouse to investigate them (But by far not all of them / not excessively so.), and I read everything once, a few things twice. So, Paul Tassi is seriously wrong about the game's duration.Replay-value is indeed low, but I wouldn't say that there is none at all: Once you have thoroughly explored everything, let it sink in for maybe a few months, and then do a second play-through where you'll have a different/expanded experience of every bit that you find/read because of your half-subconscious background and your knowledge where things eventually lead. You can watch a story-focused movie twice, you can play this game twice.NO PUZZLESWhere I also largely disagree with Tassi's take on the game is what the game could or should have done differently, and how he describes his experience. The simplest way to considerably flesh out my review is to tell you to read his (Again, spoiler warning.) while keeping in mind that I disagree with most of it. Only so much:He says that the game should have used more puzzles, and that items you find in the house (e.g. pens) should have been required to be used in other places, but I disagree. The game would be unfocused, it should concentrate on story alone instead of involving the player with too much interaction. The gameis a book, except in 3D 1st person game form. Requiring the player to actually solve puzzles and obtain required objects does not have its equivalent in the reading of a book where you just take in content and turn pages. The story-telling is not an element of the experience, itisthe experience and at the same time emotionally much deeper/colorful than the story-component games with more mechanics have. Instead of consuming a book in a strictly linear fashion, where you read a passage about character X, then later a passage about character Y, you decide when you ""read"" which character's story by deciding whose room to explore and in what way and thoroughness.IS IT FOR YOU?I bought ""Gone Home"" during Steam's Autumn Sale in 2013 for ~€5 which was ~$7 at the time, and for this price, the game has my approval and recommendation. The €/$20 price-tag is understandable, because the quality of the work is sufficiently high.If you want a game in the usual sense, don't buy ""Gone Home"", because it's something else that just uses the same medium. You might think that it's probably kinda like ""Dear Esther"" (which I personally couldn't get into and quit after about 30 minutes), and I agree that it'sroughlythe same category if the alternative choices are something like ""1st person shooter"", ""p&c adventure"", ""isometric RPG"" etc., but inside this category, it's a vastly different thing. It presents a concrete situation with concrete characters and gives you an increasing drive to pursue the facts and the conclusion.The product is a pretty rare experience and successful experiment in story-telling, and you have to judge it separately from the gaming world you know. If you want a book that has several story-threads going on, something that has emotional depth, where you can also work your empathy circuits, a story that is realized via a well-designed 3D world with some (Little.) interactivity, one that will leave you with a feeling of being happy or sad for someone once you're done with it, then get Gone Home and enjoy the show.The FOVcanbe adjusted with a step-slider from 60 to 90°, I just don't remember if it was vertical FOV (meaning that the max value should be enough for almost all players), or if it was horizontal (where 90° horizontal on 16:9 would be too low for my ""taste"")."
,Not Recommended,232430,26774024,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Autistic Cuck,A walking simulator that isn't even interesting to look at.
76561198042999830,Not Recommended,232430,23083948,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Gamergrl,"I don't understand what the hype is all about.  This game was mediocre at best.  The preview made it seem like there was a huge mystery to be solved, as to why your family is gone.  The storyline was mundane and very predictable about halfway through.  I expected the game to be short but not 2 hours short.  I think I'm mostly aggravated at the fact that I spent $20 dollars on this garbage."
,Recommended,232430,12662195,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Chadmodeus the Defiler,"Moving story, awesome soundtrack and an excellent attention to detail.  Made me think about relationships when I was younger versus now.  I loved this game."
,Recommended,232430,15013404,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Smedis2,Gone Home is an excellent use of the electronic game medium. Gone Home puts you in the role of Casey Anthony as you have to fight your way through hordes of white male privledged scum to save your sister. The controls are fluid and the gameplay is as challenging as opening a bag of chips. That's filled with firecrackers and razor blades. All in all it reminded me of Metal Gear Solid VI: The Empire Strikes Back and is good.1000/1000 this game is literally just an overhyped point and click adventure game that only got good reviews because of it's themes and probably nepotism
76561198093676114,Not Recommended,232430,33223358,Posted: 4 July,all,Ed,possibly one of the worst games ive ever played. Poor story with a dreadful ending. Only thing good about it was when I exited the games. Dreadful!
76561198084595516,Recommended,232430,14419154,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Bludkill,"Althoughy the game is mostly linear, and doesn't have much replay value, ""Gone Home"" still tells a story in a well-written and evocative manner. It feels memorable, and you actually do care what's going to happen by the end."
76561197968819858,Recommended,232430,23012053,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,ralston,"A Judy Blume visual novel, but for SJWsGone Homeisn’t a game in the traditional sense; it’s an interactive young adult (YA) novel. The graphics and sound effects are OK, and the voice acting is excellent. For what it is attempting to be, it succeeds more than it fails.But: there are two important things you should consider before buyingGone Home.First: it’s short. Since you can complete it in only a few hours of playing time, if you want to buy it, I’d suggest waiting for the Steam summer or holiday sale.And second,Gone Homehas an in-your-face progressive political slant. ThinkAre You There God? It’s Me, Margaret, except that Margaret is a budding SJW. To say any more would spoil it, but the bottom line is that unless you agree with left-leaning politics (including feminism and gender politics), you probably won’t like this game.Gone Home’s progressive politics are why its reviews are so polarized. Left-leaning reviewers—which describes most professional reviewers in the gaming industry—hypedGone Homelike it was Half-Life 3, solely because the politics ofGone Homeneatly aligned with their own prejudices. This created a huge backlash from non-progressive gamers, who felt thatGone Homedidn’t live up to the hype that had been generated by all of the progressive-leaning reviewers.Unfortunately, neither viewpoint is accurate.Gone Homeisn’t Half Life 3. It’s not even revolutionary, really. But neither is it bad at what it is. It’s a cute, short, visual YA novel, written specifically and unapologetically for a niche market (feminists and SJWs). If that describes you, then you will probably enjoyGone Home. If it doesn’t, you probably won’t. Purchase it (or not) accordingly."
,Not Recommended,232430,15372080,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,feelio,its rly gay
76561197984397805,Recommended,232430,12503750,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,MelloYelloCello,I can't say enough great things about this... I wish there were more games like this!!
,Recommended,232430,10856789,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,FockinUppity,Underrated. And/or overrated. You decide!
76561198031765203,Recommended,232430,11748719,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,SleepThieff,"Gone Home is an exploration based game where you play as a daughter who has returned home from her trip to Europe. Upon entering your family home, you find the entire house deserted. There are no immediate clues as to what happened here. Where is your family?The GOOD:+ The atmosphere is spot on. The lighting, the sound effects, and the enviornment are built to convey a strong sense of mystery and a fair amount of tension/suspense.+ The voice acting is fantastic.+ I'm not going to comment on how good/bad the story is because that is relative to each individual player. Some people will enjoy this story while others will not. Play it for yourself to decide. Overall though, I feel like the story is well written (I'm not referring to the subject matter/plot, I'm just saying the story has good pacing and in general feels like it was written by a professional writer).The BAD:+ Gone Home is very short. On a first playthrough, you will most likely finish the game in under two hours.+ The actual story matter may not interest all players. Again, the story is well written, but I don't think the subject matter is for everyone.+ I think there could have been more story given to the mother and father. They are just as much a mystery as Sam and yet you get very little infmoration on them. I wanted to know what happened to the entire family, not just 1/3 of it.+ I feel like the asking price of 19.99 is a bit far fetched for a game that takes under two hours to finish. 9.99 seems fair.Overall, Gone Home is a nice piece of story telling. While a bit on the short side, the actual game is executed quite well. The atmosphere and the voice acting were the two main selling points for me. Gone Home takes about two hours to finish.8/10Please upvote this review if you found it useful :)"
76561198041080899,Recommended,232430,11762323,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,[LOVE]thewizardofbras,"This game is best played without any expectation or prior knowledge of the story. The gameplay is simple, desolate, and I loved it."
76561198003991573,Recommended,232430,9059157,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,casuistry,An envrionmental storytelling experience done right that hooks you in.  The only catch: $20 price tag for a 3 hour experience containing little to no replay value.
76561198031978388,Recommended,232430,9086913,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Suffrajester,"A great example for showing how great a medium video games can be for art and storytelling. I haven't seen a game that uses its setting so well to tell the story and develop the characters since Riven, back in 1997."
,Recommended,232430,10388403,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,GeneralMalarkey,"(6 hours played, retrospective)I was bait-and-switched into this game, but I'm okay with that.Your character has to explore an unfamiliar mansion at night, during a thunderstorm, to uncover clues to the whereabouts of your missing family. On the surface, this sounds like a horror/thriller adventure, which is why I can see why many people are turned off by this game. However, I'm a fan of unexpected genre shifts when done right; like the way Alfred Hitchcock subverted Psycho from an embezzlement crime drama to a slasher film.The similarities can be drawn further by recognizing the voyeuristic undertones of searching the house top to bottom for clues. You'll be raiding your parents' and sibling's personal effects to piece together their lives, as well as their wherabouts. Despite the moody atmosphere, you'll realize by the end thatMASSIVE SPOILER:your family isn't in danger. The ominous undertones still serves the purpose of creating a layer of tension, which helps motivate the player forward. I can't imagine the game being as compelling on the first playthrough without it.With ""playing"" in mind, I wouldn't consider this a game as much as an exploratory narrative in the same vein as Dear Esther - another polarizing, but critically acclaimed interactive story in it's own right. The more rewarding aspects of this game is finding objects that trigger a voiceover from the player's younger sister. Her voice is the only one you hear throughout the entire game, and her journey in establishing her identity during the tribulations of high school is captured beautifully.Another thing I'd like to point out is the time period. It's set in 1995, since cell phones would mitigate this game, altogether. It also important to factor this in when you discover a central theme to the story. You'll know it when you see it. The importance didn't dawn on me until months after playing the game. This also probably means they were targeting a specific demographic of gamers in their 30's. I spent my formative years in the 90's, so this game gives me a fresh perspective on things I didn't have the maturity to realize back then.All in all, I think this isn't a game for everyone, especially younger gamers. Otherwise, you'll have to play it yourself. Personally, I found it very engrossing."
,Recommended,232430,10053501,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Poony1,"Gone Home wraps a first-person adventure game in the era of the 90's mixed with a bit of suspense.  Don't spoil the game by reading too much before playing, but what takes place over the course of the game makes it one of the most special games in a long time covering topics rarely discussed in the medium.  Slowly uncovering the events in the game is done via reading items left behind, listening to fantastic VO and enjoying great mix tapes of the era.  Incredibly highly recommended for those looking for something wholly unique.  A true gem."
,Recommended,232430,10440135,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,crispyn64,"Fantastic experience, great story and fun to explore"
,Recommended,232430,10543704,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Broszka Mocy Activated,"When I was buying this game, I felt it is much overrated. It took me about 20 minutes to fell into the story being told in this game. Playing ""Gone Home"" was like reading well-written book, that has missing pages. I like that.But after theses 70 minutes played, I feel hunger for more. I think 4 euros that I paid for that game, was much too much. If I had to choose, I think I would buy some book rather than this game.Anyway. I recommend buying ""Gone Home"". This game proves that great story can make game."
,Recommended,232430,9069961,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Coreplant,"The only flaw I can think of in this game is its length - even poking everywhere, you're not going to get more than six hours in-game. But it doesn't need a huge chunk of time to tell a compelling, engaging story through the notes and diary entries your character finds.There are no monsters - this game doesn't need them.Gone Home is for everybody needing or wanting a story of family and love, exploration and nostalgia.  Visually lovely and aesthetically consistent, with excellent audio in both sound effects and voice acting."
,Recommended,232430,10079505,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,QubaVR,Brilliant exploration game. Tense atmosphere and good story. Give yourself 2 hours or so and play through this title. It's worth it.
76561197998433895,Recommended,232430,10087845,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Space Cat,"Beautiful story, amazing voice acting, and the best music to ever be in a video game. I don't see how someone could play through this game and not love it."
,Recommended,232430,9041117,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,kibitzer,"To be honest, I'm not sure why there's so much hype around this game. It's diverting and has a rather sweet and mildly creepy storyline but honestly, there's nothing terribly innovative or different about it. Well executed on a limited budget, to be sure, but after you've played it through once (maybe 2 hours) there's no replay value. It's a pretty standard point-and-click adventure-style game."
,Recommended,232430,9051225,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Dave Peck,"I recommend it but... Wait for this to go on sale. It does have good content, yet at then end of it all I wanted something more."
,Recommended,232430,9076970,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Godot,"Actually one of the most fun games I played this year (granted, I played threeish games this year, but whatever). It's pretty hard to articulate exactly what makes it great (so I won't really bother), but I will say I really did enjoy the story and the general atmosphere a lot."
76561198078056868,Recommended,232430,12483646,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,will93,"NOTICE: If you don't already know this game is a short, interactive adventure. There is no fail state, and no action at all. The story is not epic, nor are the characters.That being said, this game struck a chord with me. I enjoyed it's story, and music. Plenty of items and notes for you to find, and an interesting sub plot worth exploring to find. If you are a fan of walking sim games, exploration games, or are looking for a plot driven experience, this is a must play!"
76561197974279091,Recommended,232430,10133228,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,OldSchool,"Nice atmospheric game.  It sells as something creepy, and it does have some of those elements, but it's the story you kinda buy into.  The end kinda sneaks up on you though; one minute you're enjoying an interesting tale, and then it just...sorta...ends.  Huh."
76561198119159070,Recommended,232430,10340278,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Joben,"This is one of those games that trys to be really serious, but somewhat funny. Its pretty good, but I found myself guessing the plot correctly early on in the game. The gameplay mechanics are interesting and the voice acting is sublime. If you like melodramatic games with good music and cool visuals, this is the game for you. If you don't like games with simple plots, then you should probably skip out on this one. Basically, it was fun to discover the story piece by piece by exploring the house, but it let me down in certain ways. The music is really good though, Bratmobiles all the way!!!"
,Recommended,232430,10910200,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,teacheЯ,"""Sat through that entire movie to see the alien and it was her goddamn father!""©Looks like false expectations have really ruined the experience for many reviewers out there. But frankly, blaming Gone Home for being a ""walking simulator"", not having enough ""endings"" or not delivering a ""WHAT A TWIST"" moment is just absurd.The point of this game is to immerse into the wistful atmosphere of an old house and to learn simple yet touching stories of its inhabitants. That's it. It's a short journey, but rich in details and quite impressive overall. Don't expect anything else, and you'll get what you came for.The only real problem about this game is the price tag. So get in on sale for $5 and be happy."
76561197997538078,Recommended,232430,7855025,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,RrusS,Buy it.
,Recommended,232430,11231068,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Jii Senshi (自慰戦士),Just play it! I am deeply touched by this wonderful piece of art.
,Recommended,232430,4178883,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Mecha Tofu Pirate,"If you have any interest as games as a storytelling medium then I cannot recommend this game enough. It's so refreshing to play a game that doesn't rely on combat or puzzles as filler between puzzles. Instead, it relies on heavy interactivity with the environment to tell the story through diary entries, notes, and other items in the world. Sort of like how Bioshock would tell side stories through audio logs left through the game, but more refined.  The soundtrack featuring songs from 90's riot grrl bands and an original score by Chris Remo is also fantastic and worth listening to by itself. Plus with the addition of the commentary mode, the game now has more replay value.Easily one of the best games I've played all year."
,Recommended,232430,7470937,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Schmitz,This game blew me away! If you are into a good story in a game full of mystery and kind of creepiness this is the game for you. I give this gamea  10/10. It's all the matter of what kind of games you like. But I say get it. By the way took me about 2 hours to complete the game. But I found it worth it
,Recommended,232430,7734811,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,TehShrike,"The best example of pure interactive narrative that I can recall.In particular, the pacing of story throughout the house (given that you can skip parts and walk around wherever you please) is quite masterful."
76561197962561784,Recommended,232430,7801203,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Penguin Bartender,"No violence, just smooth and easy to play. No puzzles that I got stuck on. Incredible atmosphere. Top notch voice acting. Excellent narrative, moments like the ah-ha moment in Bioshock are hidden in here.Non-linear, yet still presented in a way that lets the player flow through the game. Excellent game design."
,Not Recommended,232430,23078011,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Rare Leafe,"hahha gone home is the best game of all time, i have never played a game as incredibly detailed as gone home. the relaistic walking mechanics. the lack of interaction with anything. just walk, pick up things, and hear your sister'sangelic voice. the ending made me cry, i cried for 7 hours. i am in love. this is my favorite game. this is amazing romance. i am burning every other game i own in a fire, i need them no more. only gone home. i think everyone should own a copy of gone home. i want to make love to you, gone home.i'm leaving my girlfriend, for we have a relationship that's nothing like sam and lonnie's. i wont allow that. i want to love someone who is exaclty like lonnie. i am changing my name to sam greenbrier. i am investing in a mansion. this is the only game for me. i want to live in this world. man, gone home, the best game."
,Recommended,232430,9027437,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Professor Butt,I LOVE THIS GAME! LESBIANS RULE! ♥♥♥♥♥RIOT!
76561198049309139,Not Recommended,232430,25219770,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Evalea,Reasons why you should buy this game. Uhhh nope can't come up with even one!
76561198153407940,Not Recommended,232430,34572366,Posted: 29 August,all,Erohiel,"*SPOILERS AHEAD*Nice graphics and a somewhat creepy atmosphere setup that goes nowhere fast.This is not a horror game, it's not even a creepy game. The story raises a few questions, such as...why did your character come home on short notice after leaving a sobbing message on the answering machine? Why did the previous owner die, and what did he do to be disowned by his family? Why is the house called the psycho house? These are questions never answered.Instead, we get to hear the whinings of an angsty average teen who discovers she's a lesbian and dyes her hair and becomes a feminist with her stereotype butch lesbian feminist girlfriend. They do some occult ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that leads to literally nothing and then they give up on all their asperations in life to run away together, the end. That's literally all, and it's literally just as bland as my recounting of it. I was hoping at least I'd find the sister committed suicide in the attic, but nope...nothing interesting happens ever. The end."
76561198016555397,Recommended,232430,7802738,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Dami Fides,Gone Home is a thrilling game that keep you in suspence till you finally find out the truth.
,Recommended,232430,7889701,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,robsonsiebel,Beautiful.
76561198031438335,Recommended,232430,7877642,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Jawaka,"Let me begin by making a few things very clear;This isn't really a game, it's more a piece of Interactive Fiction such as Dear Esther or if you're old enough to remember them, the classic Infocom text adventure games of the 80s.  Most of the game is spent exploring, reading many notes left behind and listening to a narrative which is triggered by finding certain items scattered throughout the home.   There's no jumping, fighting, or really any action sequences at all.Secondly, this isn't a horror story.  It can feel creepy at times.  There were a several instances where I felt as if I was being watched as I wandered through the home and a few times I expected to turn around to find someone or something behind me, but that never happened.  The only scares in this game come from incorrect expectations going in or the ones that a person may create themselves if they're spooked out by being alone in a large home alone at night.Lastly, this is a somewhat short game.  I just finished 'playing' it for the first time and it took be about three hours total.   There isn't a whole lot of replay value since neither the story or surroundings change but you may come across a few items here and there that you may have missed the first time around.  On the other hand, I'm sure that those who loved this game will no doubt play it through many times.I'm not going to spoil any details about the story itself since the story is really what the entire experience is all about but if you go in aware of the information above and an open mind you'll probably enjoy the experience."
,Recommended,232430,7871526,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,DenHond,"***THIS REVIEW DOESN'T CONTAIN SPOILERS***I am going to start this review with stating that I can't remember any game that gave me this kinds of lasting impressions both whilst playing the game and after finishing it. I also urge you not to read any reviews prior to playing this game for yourself, hence I did not put any kind of spoilers in this review, beside some basic premesis settings.In Gone Home, you play as Kaitlin Greenbriar, she just came back in the country after a very long trip across Europe. The game starts as you enter the porch of your parents house, in which they just moved in whilst you were abroad. Strangely, there's is nobody there to greet you, this is where Gone Home takes off.You progress in the game by exploring the house, picking up objects, examining them and reading tons of notes scattered throughout the house. Some objects will trigger diary entries from Samantha, Kaitlin's younger sister. The story unfolds at calm, yet perfect pace. There's also more than just figuring out why there's no one home, there are multiple story lines unfolding as you progress through the game, with the main one leading you to the eventual end of the game.Since the game is set in the mid 90's, you'll be experiencing a major nostalgia trip along the side. Nintendo, VHS, mix-tape cassette's, teenager notes, and other general references... it all felt like I've been interacting with these objects like it was yesterday.The only downside of the game is that you will complete it in about 1.5 to 2 hours. But whilst the game may seem short, it is in fact pretty satisfying to complete it. Sadly, at the moment of writing this review, this game is carrying a pretty large pricetag (€20/$20), which does seem pretty steep for a game of this length, and I would not blame you for waiting for this game to go on sale. Having said this, a lot of people have stated that this game is worth every penny, this now includes me as well.Don't expect Gone Home to be a AAA title, however, expect it to be an experience you won't forget in a long time."
,Recommended,232430,7841576,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,epalaka,"Good game, really like how you can interact with almost everything.Love the story, but hate how the developer used a deus ex machina to further the plot.8/10"
,Recommended,232430,7798046,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Bruce Willis,"For 4.99 this game is well worth it. Took me about 2 hours to play through and I think I'll do it again with the Developer commentary turned on. It's a wonderful, touching story that rarely fails to enthrall, entertain, or emotionally strike you.I absolutely recommend this game - for what it's trying to do it is almost perfect."
,Recommended,232430,7955087,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Del Mingus,The first and important thing to mention about this game is that its quite short. I clocked about an hour and 20 mins and that was me playing at a slow pace searching everything. That doesn't mean it's a bad game though. I did really enjoy it. You basically explore a house looking for clues about what happened to the inhabitants and by exploring you slowly unravel the story.The story is actually quite good and i did enjoy it and is this games strongest point. I dont think it's worth paying full price for this game though. As much as i enjoyed it the full asking price just seems to be too much for what is a short game with little replay value. Worth waiting for it to be on sale.I'd give it a 7/10
,Recommended,232430,34260424,Posted: 15 August,all,.Reflected.,"Decent walking simulator.Could recommend it to anyone who likes walking simulators.Story is allright, the house is made quite well. The only thing I did not like is the bad optimization.27 to 40 FPS on a nvidea 1070 is quite bad..Also the game lasts about 2 hours only.Worth your money on a sale, dont get it for the full price tho."
76561198154465914,Recommended,232430,23349558,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Trolling_ #Rolling_,GO HOME!! I Mean like we the girl did arrive home but i just want to say it.Btw Great Game.
,Recommended,232430,16463885,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kemando,"Played it over a year ago (ignore my playtime, I bought it for the sake of having it on PC). Gone Home isn't really what you are expecting it to be, but that turns out to be a good thing. There's an eerie atmosphere to the world (well, the house) that is constantly tugging away at you as you figure out more about the house and the people who live in it.The game plays more like an exploratory narrative rather than a traditional video game, as you traverse a large mansion in search of answers or clues as to where the residents (your family) are, or what happened to them. Almost everything in the world is able to be picked up and looked at, hucked around, or admired, all the detail and attention paid really make the characters and the environment feel real.The game is accompanied by an EXCELLENT voice cast, with almost all props going to the voice heard the most through the story (which is that of the main character's sister), she is incredibly well written and acted, and I'm disappointed she's not in more games that I'm aware of. The atmosphere and the music are incredible, the entire game has a nostalgic feel to it, with references to old consoles and movies strewn about this home set (present) in the 90's.Overall the story moves and flows as you uncover secrets, pictures, and notes that piece the narrative together through exploration and investigation. Finding secret rooms and hidden notes, the story evolves and I found myself caring more and more about the characters (specifically the sister) and their stories.I will say this game is not for everyone, it doesn't play like traditional games, but acts more as a wonderful narrative experience, but those looking for a horror game will be disappointed. This is an atmospheric story driven experience filled with nostalgia, great music, amazing voice acting, an incredible sense of place, and a touching narrative that centers mainly on the confusion and stress of life from childhood through adolescence (from a female perspective).But that's just it, this is an EXPERIENCE, and it's one I'm glad I had. This game is the main reason I gave ""Life is Strange"" a try, and LiS is now my favorite video game. If you're looking for a wonderful experience, sit back, turn out the lights, put on your headphones and enjoy the feels created by this wonderful game, no, this experience."
76561198004244406,Not Recommended,232430,7820153,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,#ﮎtyle™,boring game
,Not Recommended,232430,30518801,Posted: 14 March,all,John Mako,leftist propaganda
76561197967322355,Recommended,232430,16464419,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Profile,I don't know what you people are complaining about. All games should be three hours long at the absolute most. Don't you have work to do? Best video game I've played in years.
76561197977557087,Recommended,232430,14406451,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,twoscomp,"Don't look to Gone Home for a challenging experience or even a game in the traditional sense, but turn to it for its poignant story telling. Uncover the trials and tribulations of coming home after being away, separated by time and space. Beautifuly haunting atmosphere, narration and soundtrack that may resonate with many of our own experiences."
,Recommended,232430,7758590,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,IgnorantPrimate,Great story and well told/acted. Very talented developer.
76561198051821692,Recommended,232430,10994917,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mister_F,interesting story. short but interesting. kinda kinky
,Recommended,232430,7797887,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Badfinger,"If you don't own this game, why don't you own it."
76561198025126735,Recommended,232430,11607281,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Bleydh,Why are you reading this when you could be playing Gone Home?
76561197970493998,Not Recommended,232430,23848535,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,zustarek,"This game is not a game. All political apologetics aside, if you want to play this game because it looks spooky or perhaps looks like a puzzle game of some sort, don't waste your time. This ""game"" consists of you walking around a house that was probably rendered in blender over a weeked listening to what essentially constitutes as a radio drama.That's it.Now if you're looking for something to either affirm or enrage your political sensibilites then this might be an interesting delivery vehicle for such a goal.I would highly recommend avoiding this ""game"" if you're looking for something with actual gameplay."
,Recommended,232430,11801148,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,101,"This is a fantastic first person exploration game.  If walking around in house, inspecting objects, and piecing together a story is not something you enjoy, don't buy it.  It'll still be here for the rest of us.  One of my weird things I like in certain games are ""clutter"" ie objects that make a world feel ""lived in"".  Not many games get it right for me.  Gone Home does a brilliant job of creating an authentic feeling home that a family lives in with the various little touches.  Example: peeling stickers on the main character's desk, messy rooms, etc.  Gone Home does an outstanding job with creating a rich atmosphere that I personally can relate to.  The game is kind of eerie, reminding me of when I was a kid being home alone kind of eerie.Growing up in the 90's, Gone Home struck a very peculiar chord with me, but might not do so for others.  This game is often criticized for not being very ""gamey"", but I personally didn't really care or see why they (Fullbright) would need to make it like that,  Gone Home is more of an experience rather than a game, and it's an experience I think is worth someone's time."
,Recommended,232430,11827749,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,raindog.mx,"This game is great. This game will not jump scare you, it doesn't have any deep mysteries, there is absolutely nothing paranormal in it; it is the most normal, boring, ordinary look at the mediocre life of a rather typical and lackluster American family in the middle of the 90s. There is no big moral lesson, your sanity is never challenged, there is no punchline. It's just taking a trip back in time and taking a look at very personal, definitive moment in the history of a family that has no relevance to anybody but them. It throws a lot of people off because it is unconventional, but if you think the developers failed to be ""artsy"" you may be getting it wrong. Maybe we're not used to plain honest unpretentious storytelling games.Somebody said that you shouldn't play this game if you aren't a 90s kid and I think she's onto something. A 90s kid is around 40 years old right now. Old enough to realize how this stupid little moments have tremendous impacts on our lives and how well captured they are in this game, even though when you're a teen they seem unimportant. Now as a 90s kid the nostalgia was strong with this one and I think they achieved a real time travel effect.This is a beautiful time travel game about nothing, the length is right. You should play it but maybe not for $19.99."
76561198007461951,Recommended,232430,11827195,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,april403,"This is a well-executed exploration game. It has an interesting, compelling storyline. For me, the creepy setting really added to the experience. Also, I enjoyed that there were tape cassettes with genre-appropriate songs on them in nearly every room. The music added to the atmosphere.I kept expecting a ghost or person to jump out at any second, the house was so creepy!"
76561198097759832,Recommended,232430,11799328,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,aws2400,"I want to start out first and foremost by saying that this is a fantastic game, with a few flaws. The game is very short and in terms of more bang for your buck you are looking at the wrong game. I personally paid 3 bucks for it on the summer sale and that is a great price. It is a game that can easily be beaten in around 2 hours on your first playthrough and there is little to no replay value here. There is also not much to be said about the gameplay aspect of the game. You basically walk around the house. There is no combat, and no enimies. But despite those reasons this is a fantastic game. This game does a great job of creating an amazing atmosphere. The atmosphere rivals that of games like Bioshock, the metro series, and The Last of Us. I found myself getting chills throughout the entire game. The story of the game revolves around the playable character trying to find out what happened to her family upon her return home and it focuses mainly on her younger sister. I felt very attached to the characters at the end of the game despite only knowing them for 2 hours.Overall this is an amazing game that, if you consider yourself a gamer, you should play. But at the right price."
,Recommended,232430,2228513,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,granderojo,"The great source of both the misery and disorders of human life, seems to arise from over-rating the difference between one permanent situation and another. Avarice over-rates the difference between poverty and riches: ambition, that between a private and a public station: vain-glory, that between obscurity and extensive reputation. The person under the influence of any of those extravagant passions, is not only miserable in his actual situation, but is often disposed to disturb the peace of society, in order to arrive at that which he so foolishly admires. The slightest observation, however, might satisfy him, that, in all the ordinary situations of human life, a well-disposed mind may be equally calm, equally cheerful, and equally contented. Some of those situations may, no doubt, deserve to be preferred to others: but none of them can deserve to be pursued with that passionate ardour which drives us to violate the rules either of prudence or of justice; or to corrupt the future tranquillity of our minds, either by shame from the remembrance of our own folly, or by remorse from the horror of our own injustice."
,Recommended,232430,22747072,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Duncan Hunter,"Short, to the point, with a fascinating story. Show developers we care about story telling. Vote with your wallet."
,Not Recommended,232430,29454752,Posted: 23 January,all,KpaBap,More of an interactive story than a game as there are no choices to be made and there's only a single predetermined outcome.
,Not Recommended,232430,14173198,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Final Mega BOSS,If you want to waste some money then buy this piece of crap.  0 out of 5 !
,Recommended,232430,10247078,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Ngamer,"Would have been nominated for Best Picture, but instead they made it into a video game.  It was the right decision."
,Recommended,232430,9114858,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Professor Yes,"I loved this game, I kept expecting some sort of scares, especially considering the ""psycho"" and ""ghost"" subplots. But actually no, it's a really touching story, and excellent if you play and read through it all. I disagree with it's price, even now at it's current sale of $8, but it is a good game."
76561198048856324,Recommended,232430,10288165,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,IceCity,Thumbs up for the lesbians !!!
76561197982371705,Recommended,232430,10470071,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,vizualartist,"I bought it for some nostalgia from my high school years and mostly got what I expected out of it, although better music variety would have been nice, or at least the option to flush some of the cassette tapes you find down the toilet.Think of this as a mood piece.  Play it when you're feeling open minded, suspend your disbelief and let your imagination loose, pretend you're in the high school drama club, because without using your imagination actively you'll get no joy from this.  If this doesn't sound like something you're willing to do in a video game that's fine, but don't buy this, stick to the games you're used to.You'll follow the linear story through well voiced dialogue that plays as you explore the house which takes less than 2 hours max.  Lots of personal effects are lying about the place and it's through picking up these items that the story is revealed.  There is no action that can impact the story in any way at all, and if you paid $20 it's at this point you may feel like a sucker.  Buy it for $5 or less on sale.It's an interesting house, albeit unoccupied, but it all takes place in the same place, you can't even look out a window to see the yard.  There's no replayability temptation here either.  It would have been cool if things in the house had more interactivity, then it might be fun to roam around it it again.To me it captured the teen spirit well.  Feeling like I just stumbled in from a concert, ears ringing, drunk and stoned, and over analysing every object you bump into thinking it may hold the key to the universe.  Well that's I had for teen spirit anyways, you may have a different take.  I would recommend this for what it is.  A good hour of non violent emotional alt-grrrl drama."
,Recommended,232430,10056398,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,tobiac,"An interesting, eerie environment.  The game is quite short, but that's ok.  Wraps up a ""slice of life"" storyline quite nicely.  I enjoyed this game and hope this publisher/developer realeases similar content."
76561198073201671,Recommended,232430,9119263,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Ozzkek,"When I first read the reviews for this game, I thought they might just be exaggerated due to the indie-craze among gaming sites. Alfred a while, I decided to purchase this title, and boy, I have to say, they were right. This adventure game is like nothing I've ever experienced before. There aren't many puzzles and the only thing you can chose to do, is to look for stuff and try to understand the story behind the game. And that what makes it so immersed.We got used to spaceships, zombies, machine guns and longswords, that we rarely get excited for a title that tells a down to earth story. But the story here is good, complex and special. I love the fact that games like this are being made. People need to understand that indie titles can kick♥♥♥♥♥ and this title is such a statement."
76561198113234229,Recommended,232430,9133152,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,crab_man_2,"life changing Game that all people that love a great stories should play (best enjoyed with head phones) DEFINITELY GAME OF THE YEAR MATERIAL, especially for an Indie game. only problem with the game is that of its length, its too short but what makes up for in length no doubt makes up for in story and gameplay. 9.7/10"
76561198093768676,Recommended,232430,8441534,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,DankQiller,This game is absolutly brilliant. Makes you feel hapiness for the main character (the main character being Sam). Great storytelling gives this game such an amazing twist to it that is all about shooting or action. This game is also very relaxing. Definantly one of the best games i have played this year and maybe ever. But this game is not for everyone... especially catholics.
,Recommended,232430,9127982,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,tehwereferret,"Buy This Game on SaleMaybe it is because I bought the game for $7.99 versus the $19.99, but I really enjoyed it. MInd you, I grew up in the 90's, on the west coast so the story struck a cord for me.It's pretty much a point, click, look at everything that says ""look at"" kind of game. Most of the items can be picked up, such as cups or papers, and every drawer, cabinet, door, microwave and fridge are openable. I probably spent more of the game throwing things on the floor to make a bigger mess than looking for clues to what happened in the house.I really enjoyed the story, as I had experienced the same issues in the story  growing up. Unfortunatelly it may not feel so close to home for other people."
,Recommended,232430,7865170,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Plainbear,"Gone home is not a traditionnal video game. There is a beginning and a end and have light puzzle, but calling it a Adventure game would be a bad way to describe it. It's a creepy thrilleresque story about a girl looking for her family in her house. You walk around, read stuff in a room and move to the next room.Once in a while you find a clue to open something locked and there is a couple of instance where you have to backtrack, but most of the game is reading everything in a room to learn more about what happened to the family while you were gone. It's more a non linear story than an adventure game.For 20$, I think the price is too high, since we have stuff like Stanley Parable or even Amnesia : The Dark Descent for a lower price, but if you can get it for 5-10$, it's a good deal.The game is only a 2-3 hours long, but those hours are interesting and different than what you usually play."
,Recommended,232430,11668869,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,MetalBeard,The atmosphere and immersion in this game are the best I have ever played.  Will keep you on the edge of your seat the entire game.  Get it!
76561198039402823,Recommended,232430,7932624,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,fasterheartbeat,"But it's not worth $20 bucks. Zipped through it in less than 2 hours. Felt like I was jipped a little, but great story."
,Recommended,232430,8442110,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Asatiir,Starts quite haunting as you walk in not knowing what happens then unfolds a beautifully choreographed story.
76561198027402082,Recommended,232430,8493129,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Raymond,eh
76561197991085083,Recommended,232430,9032704,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,blackhole,"""Gone Home"" is not a game in which you have to overcome enemies or score points.For me it is more an interactive story, which is as much about the atmosphere it creates and the mood it puts you in as it is about the storyline.And in that it succeeds very well. It made me think about the people living in this home and starting to care about them.In the end, you sense that there is hope and that these people will probably be able to put the problems of the past behind them.Thank you for making this, Fullbright Company, I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,232430,9035064,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Goob-Foobs,"More of a movie than a game, but holy crap. I would buy this movie and force my friends to watch it and stare at them through all the good parts to make sure they reacted the same way I did. You don't kill anything, it's not scary...once you get over the fact that the old house is a little spooky and it's storming outside. There are no jump scares, nothing hiding in a closet, not scary. It just feels like an old house.The premise is pretty neat and immersive. You're a college aged student who was traveling Europe and you're finally coming home, but your family has moved into a new house since you left, so you are discovering the house at the same time the character is.While the main story revolves around the sister and her life while you were away, the whole point of the game is to explore and examine items to learn everything you can. A few moments in the game struck me with subtlty found in real life. You never encounter another character in the game, but reading their lives and struggles and triumphs makes you care about them. Very cool expreience.That said, try not to pay more than $10 for it, I think that's what an HD movie is going for these days. Because seriously, it's like a movie or a book, you're just in control of the pacing and depth of exploration. You'll knock the whole thing out in about two hours if you read everything and are as slow reading as I am."
76561198016577901,Recommended,232430,9128982,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,^1Tackleberry^4<S^3W^4E>,"I really liked this game. Like the producers say: But beware, there is no action at all. This is a slow-paced game about solveringa mystery. Take it slow with this one. If you run through the game you will not percieve the several layers of mystery.The best mystery game I`ve tried in a long time."
76561198082640566,Recommended,232430,9129007,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,smenanteau2001,"A very particular and unique experience. Truly the proof, if there still needed one, that video games are now another form of art.Highly recommended."
76561198001017096,Recommended,232430,9129286,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Flenser,"A wonderful story! Excellently written, kept me on the edge of my seat until the end.... only gripe.... more pictures of main characters and a longer story... but I thoroughly enjoyed it. Like reading a really good book."
,Recommended,232430,9111950,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Sadness,"There's a lot of debate over whether or not Gone Home is truly a game at all. Really it isn't in the traditional sense. You don't have any enemies, there's no boss, there's not a progression system, or quick time events. What you really get out of Gone Home is an experience. The story is good, but the delivery is great. What Gone Home does is allow you to explore an empty home. The entire story is done through your exploration. Finding journal pages, objects, and notes and letters that were exchanged from not only your (main character's) sister, but from your parents as well. As you dive into the back story of each family member, you get a sense of each person and are able to link bits and pieces of their stories to make sense of it all.I recommend this game for those looking for an experience like a really good short story via exploration or if you just like going through people's stuff.Not recommended for people who don't like to read books. People that are looking for action/adventure."
76561198025549040,Recommended,232430,9114325,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Emperor Pretzel,"I would suggest this game to anyone.  It is something old and something new.  It reminds me of older games where you find things around a location and hunt for the random things to progress the level.  And it also adds the fine arts of a book or any other form of literature into gaming, which really helps give it a story that makes up for it's 2 hour at most length.  This is proof of what a good small production game can become and how it can improve all other games in it's genre."
76561198061008786,Recommended,232430,9128024,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Wireframe,"Quite the beautiful little game and a unique way to use an interactive environment to explore a compelling story, being uncovered piece by piece through gorgeous voice overs. A great example that a game doesn't require a lot of action or overthetop settings to remain immersive."
,Recommended,232430,8627228,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Muskers,Wow this really brought the feels.
76561197980099138,Recommended,232430,9110436,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Snowkatt,"Mesmerizing and deeply immersive. Brilliant. Great story-telling. I found myself thinking, ""I won't see another game like this for a long, long time,"" and I was saddened by that thought."
,Recommended,232430,9128846,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,KillaBite,"An interactive story - yes, but if that's what you like then this one is worth a go. I got it on sale though, not sure if its worth the full price. All in all an interesting unique story, and a rich atmospehere."
76561198098247389,Recommended,232430,9128921,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,marionrouby,"Very good, but only 2:30 long, so better to wait for the sales."
,Recommended,232430,9129244,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Godzilla2y,"Gone Home has one of the most gripping, beautiful stories that I have yet to see in a videogame. It brought me to tears in a way that no other title, even ones by billion-dollar companies, has been able to do. Play this game. If there is one Indie purchase you make in 2014, let it be Gone Home, and smack that play button as soon as it finishes installing."
,Recommended,232430,9129263,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Mana Fiend,Crafted with great love - it's unique to see a game make you feel so much for a character so quickly and so completely. A shining example of how narrative-driven games can work.
76561197974085150,Recommended,232430,9130408,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Horde4Life,"Fun exploring the house. But unless you're looking for ""Lilith Fair : The Game"", take a pass. Its just some wierd teenage lesbian love story."
,Recommended,232430,9150415,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,The last daddy,"A touching story of love, with great immersion and even a moment that was 2spooky4me.For sure grab this one on sale, you wont regret it. 10/10"
76561198040961616,Recommended,232430,9599478,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Critic Snake,Gone Home is more than a game. It is an EXPERIENCE!This is the game that has one of the best social commentaries in a game so far. I would give a little detail of the plot but that would ruin the experience for you. I can honestly say even though there is no jumpscares I felt scared the whole way through not knowing what was going to happen. Even though it is only 2 hours and at a price of $19.99 it may lead people off but honestly it is extremely worth it! 10/10
,Recommended,232430,9958333,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Exvaliant,"This game is about A lesbian. Who thought of this? Who thought making a game about a Lesbian would be good and even worth 20$. WHO WOULD BUY A GAME ABOUT A LESBIAN THIS IS A STUPID GAME??? AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO THINKS THAT THIS IS KINDA DUMB? I MEAN SURE GOOD STORYLINE AND NARRATIVE, BUT SERIOUSLY, A LESBIAN?THE CREATOR OF THIS GAME IS PROBABLY THE LESBIAN AND IN MY OPINION THIS GAME IS COMPLETE CRAP AND IF YOU BUY IT YOUR A LESBIAN TO."
76561198007003334,Recommended,232430,10060767,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,neilblaiberg,"Interesting game. I like what they've done, and as someone who doesn't usually finish games, having something that can be played in an evening makes a nice change.HOWEVER - there is zero replayability in this - play it once and then you're done. I paid full price and regret it slightly - if you can find it on sale, it's worth a play through, but don't pay more thna £5"
,Recommended,232430,10282091,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Strange One,"Not what I was expecting, but it was a pleasant surprise. Tense and immersive. This game really gives you a personal look into someone's life and the experience is unnerving and fascinating. NOT AN ACTION GAME."
,Recommended,232430,10289540,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,drtoucan,"This is a game for fans of the old point and click adventure games. It takes the same conept but makes it first person.There is only three actions you can take in the game, Walk, Pick Up/Put Back an item, and Crouch. But with these three actions you will explore the inside of your house as you return to find your family gone. Throughout the game you will find clues as to what happened while you were gone and where the family is right now. Its not a hoorror game in the least and the plot is quite simple, but as you progress you get more and more attached to the characters you will never meet."
,Recommended,232430,10768118,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Doug Dimmadome™,"Great story. Don't buy this game for the gameplay, buy it for the tale of Sam and Lonnie.And don't pay full price."
76561198049005697,Recommended,232430,10856012,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Neat_Ninja,"Have you ever walked by a decently sized house and thought, ""Hey I want to walk in there and explore, and  for some reason feel like reliving the 90s."" Thats the experience you get with Gone Home.  I beat the game in under 2 hours and the story is not the most entertaining.  What I believe is the best part is the way the story unfolds as you explore the house and uncover interesting secrets.  Its a good game, but not worth full price.  Get it when it is on sale, you willl appreciate it after you beat the game and say, ""Thats it?? Well im glad I did not pay full price for that."""
,Recommended,232430,9770376,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,H2Yo,"Amazing game, one that you'll think about often."
76561198062748368,Recommended,232430,11012061,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Joachim,Its a pretty good game. I got it for 5 bucks cuz of steam summer sale and i would say thats about all its worth sinse it is only a 2 hour game. Unless you really like lesbians... 8/10
,Recommended,232430,9127332,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Wildebeastiality,"Great game, proving that game narrative can be the driving force behind a game rather than the traditional violence and gun play that most games offer.If you want to try something that is a little different to what you have played before, then give this go.It is very short, but is a joy to play."
76561198033726493,Recommended,232430,9128510,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,gitter1226,Very engrossing story.
,Recommended,232430,9132196,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,DuMMyYoU,Great Atmosphere. I Made sure to turn on every light as soon as possible. 2 Spooky
76561198069931913,Recommended,232430,9132557,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,cuddlePunch,The sweetest and scariest thing. Feelings
,Recommended,232430,10549304,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,pusherman,"This game has great atmosphere and a captivating story. I cried at the end, no lie."
,Recommended,232430,10818010,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,strike,"Great game, loved the storyline!"
76561198055195497,Recommended,232430,11090049,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,anarchobama,It was very gay and I cried a lot
,Recommended,232430,11670469,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Mr. Wednesday,"An absolute delight to play. Gone Home balances exploration, story, and just the right amount of creepiness to create a perfect experience."
,Recommended,232430,236755,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,HATOPOPPO,metascoreが90/100なんですよ！
,Recommended,232430,12332234,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Hitude,Great game for those who like a good storytelling game!
,Recommended,232430,12429236,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,AleSatan,Environmental storytelling that's a voyeur's paradise. Also atmospheric as♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198106286119,Recommended,232430,12276626,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,mr_hazy,I really enjoyed this.
,Recommended,232430,12309855,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,GrooveStomp,Wow.  I honestly haven't played a game that's impacted me in the same way before.  Highly recommended.
76561198075973857,Recommended,232430,12277298,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,dustinlull,I was totally entranced by this game.
,Recommended,232430,12290294,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,basegod,awesome game...played it through one time and im going to play it again soon :D
,Recommended,232430,12440154,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Riches,Gone Home was a fun and enjoyable game with some adventure and a bit of mystery
76561198050533391,Recommended,232430,12440721,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Chris,Really enjoyed this coming-of-age game.
,Recommended,232430,12312744,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,TheCringy,"Instant calssic. Such a strong story , short and to the point. My heart was beating so hard in the last 5 minutes and I can honestly say that I almost cried at the end. Make time for this game.HTG 10/10 ."
,Recommended,232430,10769598,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Wakkachikka,"Game is actually not bad at all, just terribly overpriced (i can't imagine how people, who paid 20$, were p.i.s.s.ed!). i think 3-4$ is suitable price for this VERY short game (you can finish it in 20min, 40 minute max, i was just idling a lot).Bought it for 5$, and enjoyed this little story very much.Not horror/scary like i thought, just a little story, sometimes a bit emotional.Definitely not a must buy, but storytelling feels fresh, voice acting is very good."
76561198013084009,Recommended,232430,28780386,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Levithecat,Gets you right in the feels.
,Recommended,232430,13192492,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,davidincostamesa,
,Recommended,232430,8493054,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Dr. Blutengott,"I liked this. It was an important game that most likely will be remembered as a defining point in the evolution of the medium. Gone Home shows the potential games have a story telling medium without bogging it down with shoe-horned gameplay. At the end Gone Home is  an interactive story, which you dont get to participate in, only observe."
76561198051837910,Recommended,232430,12182807,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,y_doucet,Why can't I hold all these feels!!!
76561198065321673,Recommended,232430,11013412,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,William Candlecunt,"I had fun with this game. A good story with awesome music. Lots of ambiance. I usually play shooters but this game was a nice change of pace for me. I don't think it's worth twenty bucks though, wait for a sale."
,Recommended,232430,23393657,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,TiredGamer,Good.
76561197997859672,Recommended,232430,17367113,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Isolater,Jess and I really enjoyed exploring this story together.
,Recommended,232430,17376741,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,fabuloushouseboat,An incredible exploration of the narrative possibilites of video games.
,Recommended,232430,17412879,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,andy,"Man, that house is messy. There was crap everywhere. They really need to clean up."
,Recommended,232430,19927966,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Samination,"I've heard a lot of praise for this game and finally decided to buy it on sale. I didn't know anything. Would it be scary? Did it have puzzles? Without spoiling anything I was actually surprised and enjoyed what it was. The game is definelty not for everybody. It's also very short, so I'd recommend buying it, but at a discount."
,Recommended,232430,17375339,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,FantasticFranco,I liked it. Good story that made me feel like actually caring about one of the characters and whether she was alive or dead. Kinda short but it was a good ride. Fantastic voice acting from the narrator.
76561198017895227,Not Recommended,232430,13655092,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ballsonfire,"Unless you are fine with putting your money down for a very short, and unsurprissing game, keep looking. It took to hour and half to finish it and I had to cheat to do it. Voice and charater is finem graphs are well rounded, but is sooo short and justbland."
76561198072272583,Not Recommended,232430,14844471,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,grumpyapp,not enough action
,Recommended,232430,9036187,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,small baby loser,very cool very emotional
,Recommended,232430,9034357,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Well Then,One of the best games I have ever played
,Recommended,232430,7868625,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,dewie! [wi],"Short and sweet, worth the money if its on sale (finish to end in 51mins). Really nice story there for those that like to really probe the environment, though if you're expecting anything other than exploration and story-telling, your expectations wont be met."
,Recommended,232430,7862681,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Joey9725,"This is an amazing game short but well worth the money, the story brought a tear to my eye."
76561198085778228,Recommended,232430,7906108,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,tenacioussteve,Perfect.
76561197993108513,Recommended,232430,7887547,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Gabriev,"Gone Home is a charming two hour interactive story. The keystone that makes Gone Home enjoyable and memorable is the voice acting performance by Sarah Robertson.Due to the short length and lack of any gameplay, Gone Home isn't worth the price until it drops to $5."
,Recommended,232430,33915126,Posted: 30 July,all,It's Clown Time!,I'm gay now.
,Recommended,232430,7318315,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Scrumptical,"A masterclass in storytelling, setting and exploration as narrative."
,Not Recommended,232430,13967200,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Chris Betzrig,"A game where you open doors until you find out that your sister is a lesbian. Then, the game ends.By far, the single worst game I have ever played."
76561198022940536,Recommended,232430,7862919,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Luckiernut,This game is more of an interasctive story in all fairness. Thats not a bad thing though. You are placed in an empty house and you have to discover what has happened whilst you was gone by being curious and looking at everything. If you play games to be challenged then you might not like this but if you play to experience a good story then you have to give this a try. What i especially liked was the atmoshere and how it transports you back to the 90s. I really hope there will be more games like this in the future.
,Recommended,232430,9109822,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Kunstbanause,Like reading a book.
76561198305675373,Recommended,232430,35282151,Posted: 28 September,all,vacancy1984,"I'm sure this is a pretty good game, just don't have the patient to explore further..."
,Recommended,232430,9155639,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,OLco,Extremely immersive with an amazing atmosphere and tone. 10/10
,Not Recommended,232430,34898995,Posted: 12 September,all,Kinjo,"The story is extremely underwhelming compared to the amount of effort put into the environment and voice acting. It hinges on one plot twist that in the current year is nothing special. Maybe some would argue it was groundbreaking at the time but even then I'd disagree. It was just really boring to me and made ask myself ""that's it?""Didn't live up to the hype. And I'm a fan of story games."
76561198186687721,Not Recommended,232430,30514638,Posted: 14 March,all,markhewitt1,This game is aimed at a lesbian audience but that was not made clear from the marketing.
,Recommended,232430,12728975,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Brodyquest Thundermunch,"Playing this ""game"" is an awesome and unique experience if you are lucky enough to NOT READ ANYTHING about it beforehand.You will get the most out of it if you have about 2 hours time, are alone and won't get interrupted while you play it. Playing it on a rainy, cold autumn / winter evening will make it even better. And please don't read anything about it or expect anything from it. Just dive in and let this little gem tell you a beautiful story.I was deeply touched and really enjoyed ""Gone Home""!P.S. The emotional power of this game is easily doubled if you had your childhood / teens during the 90s."
76561198031087106,Recommended,232430,12700731,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,k2nsl3r,"A wonderful example of a story-driven game. At 2 hours, some might find it lacking. And certainly the regular price is a bit too steep. But I thought it was pretty much a perfect length for what it does. And what it does is unique.It is a trendsetter: it shows some ways in which gaming can develop as a medium. There's no gunplay nor puzzle-solving. Just an experience of walking around a house and getting to know a family. It plays more like an FPS-style visual novel, or an interactive short story. It's very straightforward. But the story is told in a really great way, and the pay-off is huge.It is not without its flaws, however. Some of the mechanics are outdated and the System Shock/Half-Life style FPS gameplay feels a bit awkward. The fact that they relish those mechanics makes it worse. Without a fetishistic reliance on the ""click at everything to pick it up""-trope, it would've been a better game. Like The Stanley Parable, it It doesn't do anything especially radical to the core FPS or first-person adventure format, but it uses it as the backbone to greatness.The best thing about Gone Home is not the particular storyline it tells, but the fact that it manages to tell a compelling and coherent story in the course of 90 minutes to 2 hours, while still allowing the player to determine the pace. This creates a unique sense of agency, and intimacy, since the family, and the house, become part of one's experience, and at the end one feels like one has been invited to spend some quality time with a beautiful memory of a slice of life."
,Not Recommended,232430,34985788,Posted: 15 September,all,ryukyu.champloo,"10/10 Would not play again. With the storm outside and the a dark house this game started out amazing. The only reason I finished the game was because I was waiting for something to happen, and then before I realized, I beat the game. The story is subpar at best. I get what the creators were trying to do, but I wanted more depth. I wanted to know more of what happened to the Psycho Uncle. What did he do? Why was the house known as Psycho house? What more happened to the parents? This game left me asking more questions then giving me answers. After the last item I picked up and the credits started to roll I thought the game glitched and then I realized, ""Oh, I beat the game...?"" Very unsastisfying."
76561198064106555,Recommended,232430,15223990,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,mrorange,"Games like Gone Home are the reason why our hobby is just the best.It is an intelligent and well developped short story about conservatism in the US in the 90s.It is not a propper horror game, but it has its scary moments, but more of the kind like when you were going as a child at night in the basement.Ethan Carter, Gone Home, Life is Strange or the whole Walking Dead series do so much good for gaming industry today, showing that our hobby was getting mature over the last 30 years. That games can easily compete with literature or movies and by mixing those in a creative and smart way enhance the entertainment industries in general.If you like one of the mentionned games, I can recommend Gone Home to you. Wait for a sale in order to get it for 5 bucks, as it is a bit too short for the official price tag and has no replay value.07/10 (minus point for the length)"
,Recommended,232430,10805990,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Rose,"Gone Home is a masterpiece. It's one of the best things that have been created in the gaming industry. It's the deepest of all, and I've played hundreds of games since I got into them in the early 90's. It's a beautiful and emotional story that unfolds as you explore from the first person perspective (very much like Amnesia and Scratches in terms of control). The game might have been the first to make me cry.Don't try to compare it to anything you've seen before. Its place is among the best movies or other pieces of art. It's about character development, relationships between them and a little bit of sociopolitical stuff.Whatever other reviews say, I would gladly pay the full price of the game had I known it would be so perfect. The length of the game means nothing. It's the quality that matters."
,Recommended,232430,13014776,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Lenny,"If you real like indi-games so you'll like this game.Simple gameplay,some puzzles,nice non-standard love story and atmosphere.When you come home and it's empty what will you do?What will you do if your sister go away and you DON'T know WHY?The door to the attic is lokked and you understand,it's answer to all your questions.But how can you open it?The house so big,so dark,so empty.Forbidden love,forgotten people,disappeared memoirs,lost sides.Go home and will be.Good luck,Kate.Be happy,Sam.I hope you'll understand."
,Recommended,232430,14076859,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,BananaJane,What a very sincere game!
,Recommended,232430,13927394,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Heisenbourg,The best horror game about lesbians you could ever hope to play
,Recommended,232430,12783628,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,n0nToXiC,"OK, I can TOTALLY understand why a lot of people didn't like this game. It's basically playing through a story. I wont ruin the plot for you guys by telling you why some people will like it an others wont but I can understand why people wouldn't be able to relate to or enjoy the story.If you enjoy immersive gaming though, this is a lot of fun. The story is a great one if you are capable of enjoying it. This is not the game for your average bro-fps-type."
76561197987657117,Recommended,232430,12877191,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,robtesh,"Short, simple, moving, thought-provoking. Quality of writing light-years beyond most games. I loved it."
,Recommended,232430,12942625,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,vb,"Yes, there isn't much ""gameplay"" (whatever that is), but if you're willing to forgive this monumental affront to gaming then you'll uncover a touching, atmospheric and skilfully woven story."
76561197973551618,Recommended,232430,12725688,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,=T$ECore= FredericMA45,Pretty good game and nice narrative history.Très bon jeu et jolie histoire narrative.
,Recommended,232430,12728107,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,uewebawo,"A college student returns home to find the house empty, despite being informed her younger sister would be waiting for her. As you explore the house, you uncover what happened to your family while you were away. Atmospheric and engaging, with possibly one of the best stories told in game media. The game is rather short, with a play time of approximately 2 hours through the story, but much more time could be spent exploring the house and its environs for hidden nuggets of information. Overall, excellent. One of the best games of its year."
,Not Recommended,232430,263461,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,RomSteady,"This is a two-hour first-person ""After School Special"" placed in the ""Don't Ask, Don't Tell"" days.  Chris Remo's soundtrack is decent, though."
,Recommended,232430,12637043,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Grimalkin,"I'm not the manliest man out there, I am hopeless at the FPS genre, I never finished Half-Life 2 (although I enjoyed what I got through) but really I just love a good explore-em-up game.Gone home was a great experience, over too quickly but filled with emotion and a subtext of fear.  I loved Dear Esther and if you did too, you'll probably love this.  We need more games like this."
76561198108484386,Recommended,232430,12945821,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,AndrewsFD,Walking around a house learning about how a teenage girl wants to make out with another teenage girl                                                          10/10 Lesbians
76561198044721202,Recommended,232430,5067933,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,8_bit_hero,"Beautiful experience - hard to categorize as a 'game' in the traditional sense.  For lovers of stories and discovery.  There's nothing to kill, nothing to earn, no points to spend and no townsfolk to talk to.  Just you, an empty house, and a whole lot of history to uncover."
,Recommended,232430,12829981,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Izazael,"I've seen a lot of negative reviews about this game. Coming at it with no expectations, I found it a great little narrative journey. It builds tension, it builds atmosphere, it takes you through a number of lives all in the same explorative experience.If you like to run around and go shooty-bang-bang, don't bother with this game. If you'd like to sit down and enjoy an extremely well created interactive experience, definitely get this game and take your time."
,Recommended,232430,12631726,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Octavarium,"A great narrative experience. Quite costly at $20 for roughly 2 hours of gameplay though... I would recommend waiting until its on sale for $10 (or less). Either way, it is a unique experience that's worth playing."
,Recommended,232430,12654469,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Death-sticks,"Gone home in short is a an story driven empathy game with a focus on exploration.While I personally didn’t connect with the story, it was none the less interesting and accompanied by beautifully detailed set pieces and an excellent aesthetic it was enjoyable to play through.Pros:+ well delivered voice acting+ 90's nostalgia aesthetic felt polished+ great texture work and art peices throughout+ great use of lighting and sound to create tension and a mysterious atmosphere+ good use of humour+ short enough to play in one sessionCons:- hard to justify the $25 AU ($20 US) price tag for this length of game with no replayability- music tapes felt like they could have been a more interesting mechanic then just some bands music, possibility for more story telling?- introduces interesting side narratives (family history) but does not elaborate on them before moving on to delving deeper into the main narrative- teenage girl narrative will not appeal to some male audiences, and feministic undertones mixed in the main narrative could be poorly received (I believe this is why some people are quick to judge Gone Home negatively)Overall:6/10A great game to knock over on a rainy Sunday night when you're looking for a short story.My partner enjoyed it a lot more then I did, but considering I didn't really feel like the target audience that makes a lot of sense.I look forward to seeing the empathy story game genre develop from these early steps, and I believe gone home will be remembered as one of the titles that started it off.Grab it on a sale, don't believe the hype or the circle jerking and take away your own opinions"
,Recommended,232430,12643839,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Mx Shade,"Wonderfully atmospheric, with brilliant story-telling composed of part on diary-style narrative, part gamer-deduction. A great interactive story for those who don't mind exploring an empty house for a couple of hours and putting together the pieces."
76561198110489217,Recommended,232430,12676802,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,rjm1039,Proof that sometimes less is indeed more. An elegant and bittersweet game that challenges the status quo and sounds great doing it.
,Recommended,232430,12730503,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Jem,"Good - if predictable - storyline. The bits and pieces of each family member's life are interesting to go through. I rather liked the soundtrack: it fit the atmosphere and didn't distract from the overall gameplay. The graphics aren't anything to write home about but are nice enough for me to continue exploring parts of the house that aren't vital to the storyline.It's not a particularly difficult experience nor is the story very long. It has very little to none in terms of replay value.TLDR: An overall charming game, but too short - only buy it if it's on sale."
76561198031903170,Recommended,232430,12823223,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Dju,I really appreciated this game. I was tired of shoting stuff and building cities and this game was what I needed - a point & click that told a story. Thanks.
76561198006351462,Recommended,232430,12677039,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Torin,"My favorite thing about this game is that it is really good at telling its story. This game is not about action or gameplay, it's more about exploring a home and discovering the people who live there. The story focuses on the sister of the player character, but by reading notes and looking around the home you find out about the parents and grandparents of the family in a similar way.There are so many nice little touches with the atmosphere. Little items like books, posters, movies, and even toys give you a lot of information about the personalities of the characters and the era of the setting. The music and sound are great too for conveying tone and emotion. The punk girl music in several parts conveys as much about the personality of your character's teenage sister as the books and short stories strewn throughout the home.I think everyone should give this game a shot. It's a nice relaxing way to spend a couple of hours, and the story is good enough to make you cry. Nothing but good things."
,Recommended,232430,12812618,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,=(e)= namaedesu です,"I really liked the method of storytelling this game presents. The tragedies told across decades, the fight for personal identity, and the way they resolve themselves throughout are brilliant.  If you like games for their story, buy this one.  You'll want more like this afterwards..."
,Recommended,232430,12942733,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Sorano,A game.
76561198202371868,Not Recommended,232430,34762102,Posted: 5 September,all,LEHMOINEN,"Its just boring. There is a story, which is just Sooo bad."
,Recommended,232430,12954382,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Ryan's love child,i like
,Recommended,232430,12458511,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Rainsing,A fresh way of storytelling. Although the ubiquitous in-jokes and pop culture references can be less appealing to non-American audience.
,Recommended,232430,1883440,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,LNB,"Probably one of my favourite pieces of video game storytelling in recent memory. Gone Home is a first person explorable set in 1995 where you try to figure out where your family has gone after your return home from a year abroad.I'm a sucker for original storytelling and art in games, so I think the price tag is worth it, but some might want to wait for it go on sale since it took me approximately 3 hours on my first playthrough. Although, I do plan to replay since I want to find the pieces of backstory that I've missed.I've definitely become a fan of this development team and am looking forward to the next release from Fullbright Company.Seriously though, play it. I got more emotionally invested in this game than most of the games I've played throughout my life. The 90s pop culture references are also a pretty nice touch.'Party like it's 1995'"
,Recommended,232430,7764136,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,chartinboy,"Rarely have I played a game that floored me quite like Gone Home has. An incredible story, set in an eery house where a amily that all should be around simply aren't, takes you across a whole lot of emotional journeys.The main story focuses on your sister, but that doesn't mean you can't follow up and invesitigate your mothers work issues, your fathers long, problematic life of trying to do what he loves, and even finding out about the protagonists past slowly throughout your investigation.I can't reccomend this more; if you appreciate game story at all, pick this up as soon as you can."
,Recommended,232430,138716,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Bimble,"Excellent storytelling.  Be warned that there's generally only a couple hours of gameplay here, but I found the way the story unfolds fascinating - a mix of journal entries and the scraps and letters lying around the house from which you piece together information about your family.  Just know that this is a game about exploring a house and learning about its missing inhabitants - there's no action here."
,Recommended,232430,7754636,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,MrBananaFana,"I have to say, this is the only game to my memory to ever make me actually cry.  I don't want to give too much away, but it's quite rare to find a game with such a emotionally driven narrative and the attention to detail is astounding.  My only complaint might be that it's pretty short for a $20 game, at about only 2 hours long, but there's a lot of work and love put into it, and if it were any longer the game would probably begin to drag on too long.All and all, Gone Home is some really great stuff, super unique and a great change from the very emotionless games the industry shovels out every year."
76561198023263584,Not Recommended,232430,26635192,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Claymoreblue,Trite story and a boring game. Pure schlock.
,Recommended,232430,5732157,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,everythingbutray,This game knows exactly what it's trying to be and what it's trying to say. It's passionately crafted and can be quite emotional with the content in the story depending on who you are. Gone Home has inspired feeling unlike any other game I have ever played.
76561198070330940,Recommended,232430,12756296,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,AstinDextor,"Great couple of hours. Good story, well told, and not something usually approached in games."
76561198103858058,Recommended,232430,12896416,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,HalcyonACW,"This game is absolutely singular. It reminds me (in a good way) of older games like Myst, which were as much about the atmosphere and the emotions instilled in the player as it was about the gameplay itself. I felt like I was exploring an insightful independent film's universe, where the characters were well-developed and the story was intimate and meaningful. The fact that you don't directly interact with any other characters only adds to your sense of isolation and longing, which completely compliments the themes conveyed. A very impactful ""game"" experience, indeed.I played through Gone Home over a snowy weekend last January. Time well spent."
,Recommended,232430,12820112,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Deft Beck,"This is one of the most unique game stories I have ever played through.I will not spoil anything, but I recommend that you take your time to explore this game's small, but detailed world and uncover the story for yourself.You will not regret it."
,Recommended,232430,12817531,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,F|PRTA Heskey,"A beautiful story-game - a must-buy if on sale.Like Dear Esther, Gone Home takes the player on a dual-journey as both the protagonist you play (Katie); returning home and piecing together family chemistry, and occasionally punctuating this with audio-diaries of your sister's (Sam) journey of self-discovery.Every member of the family has their own interests and troubles, and there are clear cross-overs and ""favourites"" between the family members. Although sometimes cliché, it's also heart-warming thanks to the excellent voice acting and ""breadcrumb"" style of writing within the game.The game balances the seriousness of harsh reality, which on occasion brought a smile to my face and a tear to my eye, with the silliness of children and as I played I was reminded of mid-1990 to early 2000 films of American Teens finding their place in the world as Gone Home fits squarely within this genre in my opinion; complete with terrible angsty girl-band vocals!"
,Recommended,232430,12782697,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Tubatic,"Does a very good job of teliing a story, and being a game about it all.  Excellent version of this sort of game.  Also, don't be fooled into thinking this takes itself too seriously.  I don't sense cynicism or an effort to sham anyone out of anything (or any other such paranoid notion...) Its a well put together game, and I enjoyed my time with it."
,Recommended,232430,12871389,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Pallas Power,"A beautiful story beautifully told.  This game fits into the more experimental side of the narrative genres; it's the exact oposite of what a videogame is stereotyped to be, and has therefore recieved a certain amount of rejection from certain members of the gaming community. It is my firm belief that videogames are as viable a platform for art and literature as any other, and if you share my conviction (given, also, that you are an open minded-accepting person, in regaurds to the subject matter of the story) you will find a new, interesting, and, in my opinion, masterfully executed expiriment in storrytelling. Do not expect a gaming challenge in any way, shape or form - there are no puzzles, and the house really does invite itself to be explored - but instead a storrytelling expirience unburdoned by these things. On a final note, regaurding the story itself, it is utterly refreshing to find a narrative supporting the LGBTQ community in an industry so often downtrodden with outdated and oppressive views of gender as a whole."
,Recommended,232430,12782504,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,comradechrome,"Quircky,  sweet, emotionally satisfying.Not a scary game, no action. Not Stanley Parable or Portal funny.But not not funny. It feels too lonely for it to be that funny, but that's a good thing here.It made me feel a nostalgia which was not my own.No need for a number rating. It would be hard to compare to other games.I will say that I follow this developer from now on. That should mean something."
76561198083007256,Not Recommended,232430,34542123,Posted: 27 August,all,grumblebuffin,"Far too simplistic a plot; main character explores her parent's new home and in the process discovers evidence about why no one is there.  No real puzzles, character development is minimal. Short game."
76561198048086469,Recommended,232430,12394373,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,chompsy,Love this game to death... One of the best ever :D buy it!
,Not Recommended,232430,35013979,Posted: 16 September,all,FIL GUD,"They properly advertise it as a ""story exploration game."" However, they also fool you into thinking that there's a great mystery to solve (read their description), like in an ""investigation game.""There just ain't.You're kinda supposed to find out where's your family, but it soon becomes very clear the story is mainly about your sister, Sam.The game starts. You take a quick tour of the house before starting the endless reading. You get to Sam's room. You look around... If you're capable of a little deduction, you know the plot. Just like that.In name of fairness, I got to say that most people wouldn't get it immediately. Yet, if you're looking for an investigation game to get your kicks of, chances are that you're a little smarter than most people. And you don't need to be any Sherlock to simply know the main plot, what happened and why it happened, five minutes into the game.And that's when you'll have a problem, because you're just getting the details about how things happened, it's not that exciting anymore. After a couple of hours it just starts to feel like too much work for little reward.At least you can focus on the sidestories, right?Yeah... About that...The parents stories: boring. The reason they're not home: boring².And there's an uncle story that feels like it could get interesting, but it's never fully developed. It actually gets interesting out of the game. When you look for theories from the fans to fill the gaps. But I can't recommend a game for what's out of it.All the while, the house feels haunted, and it might sound cool, but the hints on the atmosphere and in many clues clearly intended to make you feel like something supernatural was about to take part in the story. But it just doesn't, and that might get you dissapointed.Be that as it may, I got to admit that the main story, although predictable, is also beautiful, and Sam's voice actress performance can be moving sometimes.Annnnnd the game is cheap. So if you, like so many, are really into teen drama clichés. Get it on sale. And, please, don't tell anyone I said that."
,Recommended,232430,12972924,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,RaphielDrake,I can't write much without spoling the whole premise but this game is brilliant.This game heavily endorses an approach of rational and methodical deductive reasoning to get to the truth.I figured out the gist of the mystery after about ten minutes but the atmosphere kept me on edge till the very end.There aren't enough games like this
76561198064729720,Recommended,232430,12471866,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,RAY,"An atmospheric and beautiful love story, more or less. An important game I think everyone should play to get a new perspective on a strong subject and a struggle for acceptance that some people will face everyday. It was a uniqe and refreshing experience to having only females in the major cast and to take part of thoughts from an perspective that's rarely seen in games."
,Recommended,232430,12407374,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,JCDenton,"There is some important info you need to know before buying ""Gone Home""1. It is not a game. ""Game"" implies that there is gameplay and some kind of goal. This is an interactive story. There are no boss battles, no power ups to collect, and no end goal besides having the story told to you. If you thought ""Dear Esther"" was boring, DO NOT BUY THIS.2. Gone Home is short. You can easily finish it in 90 minutes. If you think 20 dollars is too much for a 90 minute experience, DO NOT BUY THIS. (I know I have spent 20 dollars on 90 minute movies that were much worse than this)3. Story, story, story. Gone Home is about the story. The story is a drama. If you are not someone who pays attention to detail, you will miss a lot in this game. Everything in the environment is meant to service the story. If you are not a fan of serious drama, DO NOT BUY THIS.If you are still reading then this game may be for you. Mild spoilers ahead. If you do not want to read spoilers I will just say that this story is amazingly well crafted. The characters are more real and believible than any other game I have ever played. And you should buy it right now.MILD SPOILERS HEREAFTER:In Gone Home you play a girl who has just spent a year abroad on vacation. You come home from your red eye flight expecting your parents and little sister to welcome you home. Only to find a note on the front door from your sister saying she has run away for reasons unknown and your parents are nowhere to be found.What follows is your exploration of their new house (they moved into this house while you were away) trying to figure out where everyone is.The story is told through the environment and also through journal entries from your sister. These are recited to you by an excellent voice actress. Your exploration uncovers the trappings of a standard upper middle class life.The story is engaging, and very moving. By the end you may shed tears of sadness and of joy. (The story is very bittersweet.)Gone Home is an incredible example of video games as Art. This story could not have been told in any other medium and because of the way it is told it becomes even more emotionally powerful.There is a twist in the story, that is fairly obvious to spot for anyone paying attention, but that does not detract from the quality of the narrative.If you like Dear Esther buy this immediately. If you are on the fence wait for it to be on sale.There is an aspect to the story that warrants discussion but to give it away in a review would be a disservice to the game. I'll just say there are some mature themes in the game. And by mature I mean emotionally mature not porno mature.If you like your games to be full of explosions and awesome action, this is not for you.If you want a thought provoking and amazingly well told narrative Gone Home is highly recommended."
,Recommended,232430,59564,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,SnarKs,"Very unique. You could think of it as an interactive story within a 3D world. Good story, lots of interaction with the world. The store page pretty much tells you what to expect from it.The devs definitely captured the mood and feeling of being inside a house by yourself on a dark stormy night.The story takes place in the 1990s in a house located in portland oregon. Which was a great surprise because I live in the same area. So that really enhanced the experience even more for me."
,Recommended,232430,958912,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,=H=Jola,If you liked Dear Esther then you will love this game. The atmosphere and the story is   spellbinding. I Highly recommend it :)
,Recommended,232430,7744942,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,KawaiiPeg,"Let me start off by saying that this is a very good game, just not for $20. It's very short and sweet, so wait until it goes on sale if you can. Also, if you don't enjoy looking deeper into your games to reflect and find meaning, this one isn't for you.That being said: the story presented in Gone Home is brilliant. You come back from a long vacation one stormy night in the 90s to find your family's new home devoid of life. You can choose to go straight to the ending in the game, taking the storyline at face value, or dig a little deeper by exploring the entire house, discovering tales and secrets that add to the details and motives of the unseen family members. The atmosphere created by simply walking through a house from yesteryear in the middle of storm is an astonishing one--the entire time, I felt like I was really alone, even though in reality I was in a room full of other people.Though most argue that the utter lack of true gameplay does not allow this to qualify as a game, it's up to you to decide what truly determines a game: a meaningless hack 'n' slash, or a true piece of art with a brilliant story?"
,Recommended,232430,9112272,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,IceyCocaine,"This game is amazing!! It has all the qualities of a good emotional game, humour, scare feel, surprise, joy, the list goes on! I highly recommend getting this game if you have a good hour or two to sit down and play it, very interactive!!"
,Recommended,232430,10073018,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Tron,"Great game, awesome music, very atmospheric, short, good story."
,Recommended,232430,7744660,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,tehawesome,"A thoughtful experiment in ambient storytelling. 2-3 hours well spent, though probably not worth the full $20."
,Recommended,232430,12793007,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,rzarecta,"shes a lesbain who left home to be a lesbian. thats it, nothing else. now you can all give me your $6.24. thank me later."
,Recommended,232430,12524200,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,five finger death punch,thisis a good game.
,Recommended,232430,22804633,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Dravvad,"A delightful simple story. Gone Home seems to have been on a fence over the years, because some people love it, while others act as if it is cheap.I turned out to be one of the people who loved it - and I played this game long after tons of people argued on all sides, so it wasn't like I necessarily went in blind. Despite that, Gone Home held up quite a bit. I can understand that it's not necessarily a ""game"", as the term ""walking simulator"" has been used for years now. But at the same time, that doesn't mean that it isn't nice or fun to play.You are essentially learning a story while reading documents, exploring and finding little objects and pieces, and also listening to journal entries. Very simple, easy to do for the most part. But it was still very enjoyable.From my perspective, games like this one are just a newer/different way of reading a book or short story. And I like that, so long as things are put together well: Gone Home certainly was. There's not really that much to puzzle you, but it was fine because everything I came across was interesting enough to me. The house is really nice looking and its hidden passageways certainly kept me intrigued, especially with some of the more odd things you find along the way. There are some key points in the family story that are easy to miss if you do not find enough of the items as well, so you definitely have to keep on your toes.In any case, Gone Home is something that I think some of my personal friends would enjoy to go through, even if it is a short little tale. Some people seem to flat out hate it - and I think a lot of it boils down to people just not liking the style, as they were looking for more game-like material instead of just piecing together a story. People who claim that there isn't a story, however, are... Well, I hate to say it, but it's true - ""wrong."" You can simply read someone's guide of the chronological log of the documents and things you find to see the story here.Whether you like the story or not is another question.For myself, I went in knowing the style of Gone Home and enjoyed it."
76561198094117909,Not Recommended,232430,22964571,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,KillerWhaley,"So basically I picked up this game after one of my favorite reviewers said it was one of his favorite games, I figured I'd give it a shot. It's true this game sent me on a roller coaster of emotions, but all because I didn't know what to expect out of it. Apprehension, nervousness, boredom, disappointment... All in just under 2 hours!Let me paint you a picture of the very begining of the game: You're a young woman who arrives home early from a trip. It's a dark and stormy night, and your family home is practically a mansion in the middle of the woods. There's a note taped to the door, it's your younger sister urging you to not go looking for anyone, as nobody is home.Sweet set up for a horror game right? Or at least a creepy, atmospheric murder mystery. Nah, this is just a sorta-puzzley note-collecting adventure (me trying really hard to pigeon-hole this game into a genre). Like imagine Resident Evil, but you get rid of all the zombies and weapons. What are you left with? If you said, ""Backtracking through a mansion, picking up keys, and reading notes,"" you just described Gone Home in ten words.Without spoiling anything, the story just wasn't interesting to me and that seems like a glaring flaw in a story-based adventure game. The whole game felt like an anticlimax wherein there is no rising or falling actions, just this flat-line. I admit a video game is kinda perfect for a ""real"" story like that since if you made it a book or movie people would just fall asleep. Games at least require concious input from the player to progress.It really wouldn't even be that bad if the price was just cheaper. It's a unique game and some people, who aren't me, might find the story interesting, but $20 for a game that takes someone with no experience or prior knowledge of it just under two hours to beat? For $5 or maybe even $10 I might recommend this game to other people just to see if you'd get something out of it. But that much money for that little gameplay just doesn't seem worth it to me."
,Recommended,232430,412279,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Mean Mr. Mustard,"Gone Home is a game focused on environmental storytelling and exploration, you'll explore a highly detailed house while slowly piecing together the stories of your family. The game is a bit creepy, funny, happy, sad, and one of the most memorable games I've played. I can't recommend this enough to anyone who loves exploring and putting stories together bit by bit."
,Recommended,232430,7778454,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,SilentFury007,"This game is amazing. It takes you on a journey that you certainly aren't expecting when you first start it up, the graphics are great, especially for the kind of game it is, and it tells a story you definitely need to experience. Get it. It's short, like two and a half hours, but it's completely worth it. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,232430,7460797,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,GRider54,This game my god its atually really good as soon as you play it you think that your in a scery game with the rain outside and the thunder but as you go on you find out its the oppisite what this game basically is like dear esther so no real gameplay it is 100% story driven. The story is you coming back from a trip to europe and after a year trying to piece together whats happened during the year with your sister and your parents but trust me you will enjoy trying to piece it together. If it comes down in price i would 100% recommend it but as of now for a £15 1-2 hour game its a hard sell but i think it really is a great game to experiance.
76561197999003299,Recommended,232430,7475748,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Oberlon,"This is a great, if unusual game.  Full of 90's nostalgia and a fun form of storytelling where you piece together the lives of a family through notes, phone messages, newspaper clippings and such, all while exploring a destered home.  I'm really enjoying it, much more than I expected actually.  Give it a try."
,Recommended,232430,1525878,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Arpogest,"Very emotional experience and profound story about a level of love, that overcomes any cultural limitations or gender prohibitions."
,Recommended,232430,1582600,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Vern,"A beautiful but unexpected story that you read, listen to, and discover as you play Kaitlin, the older sister of Sam (Samantha), and their two parents. Find yourself returning after a trip from Europe, but nobody's home in the house your family has recently moved to in your absence. You uncover and unravel what has happened with your family during your time away. What follows is a story that strikes very deep personal chords in the struggles of a typical middle-class family. Gone Home is more of an experience than a game. It opens your mind to seeing things through another's eyes. 10/10 story execution. 10/10 sounds. 10/10 textures and lighting. 10/10 feels. 0/10 for light-hearted gaming. Adult themes included."
,Recommended,232430,7462663,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Ataraxia7 [#TAKI],"I beat Gone Home in two hours, but it is such an intense storyline that you can't help but sit and go through the entire thing wanting to find out what happens until the very end.Gone Home may be short but there are so many small nuances to this house to go through that can be missed.  Playing it a second time I found additional information that I missed that took the story down a completely darker path for me for the lead character's parents.  This game is a classic adventure game.  No violence, no death, none of the mainstream constants that push our boundaries to keep us ""entertained"" but instead a deep story that keeps you wanting more.  It keeps you opening doors and looking for combinations and keys.Gone Home will draw the ire of some gamers as ""not being a game"" since it doesn't have the constant threat of death looming over their heads.  To them, I say I played a game called Gone Home and it was fantastic."
,Recommended,232430,7760894,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,MrBlarg,"Be warned: Similar to Thirty Flights of Loving, this is not a game. You don't really win, you don't even lose.However:Gone Home is the most incredible piece of interactive art yet created. It is an attempt to tell a complete story entirely through the environment. And without spoiling it, it really is the single most affecting story I've seen behind a mouse and keyboard. Friendships are tested; Ouija boards are consulted; dark rooms and rooms with dark pasts are plumbed. Ultimately, we're reminded that the hardest thing about high school is just surviving."
76561198059695912,Not Recommended,232430,23047253,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,The Bestest Cow,"Story is meh, gameplay is boring. It's like Myst, but super easy baby mode and you can walk around instead of clicking everywhere."
,Not Recommended,232430,34633508,Posted: 31 August,all,dINO ディノ,"If you are a fan of narrative driven walking simulators from indie developers you may feel obliged to play Gone Home. I did and long story short, don't bother unless you really like boring, corny romance.The premise was promising and the atmosphere it built was actually pretty cool, I felt like the game was heading towards a dark and spooky place. But soon I realised it wasn't and that tension was built for a nothing ending. Without any gameplay or an engaging narrative this game has little to offer the player."
76561198004541007,Not Recommended,232430,34163249,Posted: 11 August,all,SEF -=|C.P.O.K.W.D.W.H.|=-,"Why do I even have this ""game""?"
76561198284060559,Not Recommended,232430,34735806,Posted: 4 September,all,Puddingway,"""Basement Door"" glitch: Won't unlock, even though I have the key. I've tried restarting the game 3x, trying controllers, etc. It looks to be a known bug, but they still havent fixed it after all these years. I want my money back :("
76561198299597893,Recommended,232430,22787820,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,ordinarymary90,its a good game
76561197960686181,Recommended,232430,14412558,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Adam,"Explore and find out their story. Beat it in 80 minutes, but the story choked me up a bit. Wait for it to go on sale. Worth 5$"
,Recommended,232430,14466278,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,ДаРudи-AвангардБур,"Yes, this game is a walking sim.  You walk arund and mess with objects.The graphics are amazing and the story is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO AMAZING, to give you an example, I saw someone play the entire game.  Three minutes later I added enough funds to my wallet and stared downloading.  Right as it finished downloading, I played it.It is that good even though I knew the ending, the story is amazing. YOU MUST GET GONE HOME!"
76561198025731793,Recommended,232430,12945273,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,McChubChub,"Okay so there's a few disclaimers here.1. I've been wanting to play this game since before it was released, so needless to say I was kind of excited to get it on sale. If you don't have that deep desire to play this ""game"" it may not turn out so well for you, like most of other reviewers would tell you.2. I wouldn't necessarily call this a ""game"" so much as an ""interactive story"". No shooting. No zombies. No real puzzles. Just click, observe, read, find combination, read some more, and feels...ohh the feels.The bad:- Incredibly short. Could have been developed on further, but would have proven detrimental to the story. This isn't about the gameplay, it's about the story, and any added puzzles or interactive nonsense would have taken away from that.- For some, the lack of ""gameplay"" is irritating and disqualify this as a ""game"". I say pish posh, different strokes for different folks.- Price. Luckily, I picked this up for $5, but I don't see how anyone could justify paying the full $20 for this game.The Good:- Story story story story story. The story, albeit a slight bit predictable and not really surprising, is still amazing and heartfelt. Trying to unravel this yarn while dealing with the creepy dark house on a stormy night with this overwhelming sense that something terrible has happened to your family and then finally finding out what's happened is a sensation that my words can't describe. Just know that there are feels of many shapes, sizes, and colors, and there are oh so many feels. So many. gah.- Very interactive. You can spend 10 minutes just looking at stuff in a living room. Belive me, I did.- Immersive experience. Throughout the game, I could imagine being in this situation and how it would feel coming home to an abandoned house and nothing seems right. That sense of urgency when looking for a light switch in a pitch black room knowing good and well there shouldn't be anyting in there but can't bring yourself to believe it until the light comes on. That sense of relief when you find out that what you think has happened is just you jumping to outrageous conclusions. An experience like that is something I have seldom felt in all my years of gaming.- Have I mentioned the story is awesome?All in all, I loved it. I hoped my expectations would live up to reality and was pleasntly surprised they did. This is a great interactive story that you won't forget if you're willing to take the chance."
76561198118496779,Recommended,232430,8686357,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,snakejishi,"In a few words this game is just playable and very short if I did not pause the game, it would have showed may be 1 houre and a half in the ""how much time spent"" on steam. I would not recommend buying it for more than $5.Story is fine but I liked the interacting with objects more. Wait for sale and buy it, otherwise do not waste your money on it now."
,Recommended,232430,9074115,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Amonlord,"This game is really interesting, it is not a standard game. No zombies, no killing around, no massive destruction, just a mistery to solve exploring a big house joining memory fragments and notes. A short game, but fill with rich well designed 3D models. Worth playing!"
76561198043627710,Recommended,232430,9074153,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,HappyLeech,"I really liked this game.Atmospheric, great music and sound...Definatly a game to try.Even without confrontations, this game still has it's scary spots, and it keeps you wondering about where your family is until the very end."
,Recommended,232430,9077947,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Combine Enforcer,"A fascinating game that takes an interesting turn.  It may not be action packed, but the narrative brings something fresh and new to gaming.  I recommend it for people who like exploring and mysteries."
76561198060642659,Recommended,232430,9083880,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Ataya,"This is an awesome game for anyone who enjoys a break from fast-paced, action packed games. All you have to do is let your curiosity lead you deeper into the lives of the people whose house you are walking around in. I truly enjoyed snooping around, looking in every crook and cranny - taking my time to unravel the story, one room at a time."
76561197972317694,Recommended,232430,9087440,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,The Agro Crag,"Screw ya'll, this game is great. All you little ♥♥♥♥♥es just can't handle games evolving as a medium, ya'll need your games to have fat red exploding barrels and♥♥♥♥♥♥in it.This is a magical ♥♥♥♥ing game about goddamn self discovery and♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,232430,23802449,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,¥.J.MäLm§†££ñ ®,───────────────────████───────────────────█████───────────────────██████───────────────────███████──────────────────████████──────────────────████████─────────────────█████████────────────────█████████───────────────█████████──────────────█████████──────────────██████████████████────────────█████████████████████───────────███████████████████████████████─██████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████████████████─██████████████████████████████████─█████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████
76561198125712278,Recommended,232430,9075395,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,SamuRai Paladin,"I cannot in good conscience call this a game. It is an experience. Unlike anything I have sat in front of my computer and participated in before. Although your time may vary somewhat, it is typical to begin this experience and reach its conclusion within two to three hours. Likely less if you do not spend a lot of time backtracking, obsessing over what leaf you might have left unturned (that was me, I was just shy of the three hour mark). That storytelling in computer/video games can be deep, involving, compelling and even affecting is not a new idea, but for it to truly wow you on the level that Gone Home does? That is something else. Telling a story that goes as deep as you are willing to invest your thought processes on, I simply cannot recommend this enough, to gamers and non-gamers alike. In fact, I have several people in mind who are more movie goers or readers than gamers that I want to experience Gone Home, and I believe this to be a supreme example of the power of interactivity in forging a better and more impressive experience than a film or novel. If there remains a question as to whether games are art - this should be exhibit A.Play it. Watch someone else play it. EXPERIENCE it. It is well worth your time and money."
,Recommended,232430,7453444,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Biron5k,"If you like walking around a house while slowly uncovering a story, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,232430,7798289,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Shit the bed,"While short, which could deter many people due to the $20 price tag, you can tell straight away the amount of work and love that has gone into the game. The incredibly personal story causes mixed emotions and it geniusly plays on your expectations."
,Recommended,232430,1253307,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,SteveWinwood,"Amazing game.If you're ""impatient"" or ""easily bored"" or ""dumb"" as I like to call it, you'll probably not like it."
,Recommended,232430,7476464,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Brett Evil,A brilliant example of the potential for great story telling in video games. It's somewhere between point and click and pure exploration. Whilst not long for compared to the average game it makes up for it by being rich in content and brimming with atmosphere.
,Not Recommended,232430,34049223,Posted: 5 August,all,Gramzies,"I bought this game back when it came out because of all of the praise it got. I didn't really know what I was getting into, and I assumed it was some atmospheric horror-adventure game. I was extremely disappointed with it after going through it. I regret buying this garbage except for the positive thing being that this helped me see the problems that were in full swing regarding the gaming industry. This is not a ""game,"" but a pretentious art piece.I miss the 1990s for gaming."
76561198087790071,Recommended,232430,12834396,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Becca,"Excellent Story! A lot to do, unlock and move around. Not usually a fan of these kind of games, but this one was really great."
76561197999106627,Recommended,232430,7798077,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,sqlboy2000,"Very entertaining 2-3 hours. Approach it like interactive story telling and you'll have a good time. Pick it up on sale for $4.99, no brainer."
76561197977993807,Recommended,232430,774551,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,UPilot93,"Very few games that I've played have left a lasting emotional imprint. This one did, and it's unlike anything I've experienced in gaming. This is an exploration-discovery title. It's not for everyone, but those who put in the time and effort -- without rushing -- will walk away with an appreciation for what the games industry is capable of doing that doesn't involve shooting something. (I REALLY took my time and it only took six hours, so you're not looking at a crazy-long commitment.)Highly recommended. And do yourself a favor should you be thinking about buying ""Gone Home."" Refrain from reading any more information in forums and reviews. Play this game with a clean slate to get the full impact. Beautiful story and interesting subplots. A well-crafted work."
,Recommended,232430,7642956,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,clams,"Very interesting game, a bit pricey so I'd wait for a steam sale. Never had a gaming experience quite like it."
76561198142866793,Recommended,232430,20403132,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,xXblueray95Xx,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198088849144,Recommended,232430,12790737,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Jellybean,"Personal Rating: Play it before someone spoils it for youI watched a Let's Play of this first, then bought it for myself. I'd play it again in an instant just to make sure I found every little bit of information I possibly could. But maybe that's just the kind of person I am :p The story's touching, the whole game is a brilliant example of how to create effective atmosphere, I felt clever while playing the game for figuring things out.However, don't play it if:- you can't go five minutes without shooting something- not being able to jump will drive you crazy- being observant isn't your forte > and having to be observant frustrates you < (of course, you could look up most in a walkthrough if necessary)"
,Recommended,232430,7801148,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Skeksis25,"You can finish it in 2 hours, but its worth it. Explore everywhere."
,Recommended,232430,1436296,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,cqdemal,"An utterly incredible piece of semi-experimental storytelling that demonstrates the power of video games as a medium, Gone Home is the ultimate antithesis of the modern AAA game. Set inside an empty house in the woods, the game tasks you with one thing and one thing only: explore. Despite some subtly contrived elements concerning the story's chronological order, Gone Home manages to masterfully tell multiple interlocking stories with real emotion and character despite featuring a total NPC count of zero.At once tragic, adorable, warm, and even creepy, the only downsides of note here are the price ($19.99 at launch for a 2.5-hour game) and the fact that you can only play this just once... because you'll never forget it."
76561198004975431,Recommended,232430,2273705,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Suddo,"This game is a great narritive piece, it is what I think Dear Esther should have been more like. The biggest downfall, and its a big one, is how short it is; the game is only 90 minutes and has no replay value. For about twenty dollars this is really steep, even for a very unique experience. I'd wait until the price is lower before picking it up."
,Recommended,232430,7792909,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Tutkun,"Gone Home is easily one of the strongest narratives in video game history. Clearly influenced by the expert environmental storytelling Irrational Games' Bioshock series has become famous for, Gone Home is able to manipulate your emotions for subject matter you didn't know you felt personal about, or if you did have an investment in already will push that further. What at first seemed like a bait and switch ultimately became the most intelligent use of sound, ambience and design to keep the player tense and hooked. It may seem pricey for an indie but the return is worth far more than games double the price. Gone Home will broaden your definition of the word ""game"" the same way Journey did, the same way The Walking Dead did and you will not regret it. Oh and the voice acting is superb. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,232430,7797763,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Foil1212,"This game is a very well told story in a completely interactive and detailed environment. The soundtrack (GH:OST) is very good, the story is well written and has some voice acting, and exploring is an absolute delight. You should know already if this game is for you or not."
76561198084081032,Not Recommended,232430,26446177,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Nej@nti,"To be honest, when I wast watching the credits, I thought that it will end and I will keep on playing. It's very clear that this game is boosted by several friends or something else or even may be Steam itself. I thought that it was because the game was released around 90s. However, when I checked it out, I was shocked again as it was released just a few years ago.To the producers that are trying to boost such a bad game, even the games made around 90s last much longer. I just spent 2 hours to check every drawing and used secret passages to finish that really bad one .If you were not to relate the story to paranormal activities at least in a way, why would you make it out that way?I would not even pay 1$ to buy that game."
,Recommended,232430,7810313,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,f# a# infinity,Really didnt see that coming. Well done.
,Not Recommended,232430,23867767,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SeeNoWeevil,Unfortunately doesn't work with the Xbox One controller - refunded.
,Not Recommended,232430,16770200,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,PabloBattleBorn,Lesbian awakening simulator 20153/10
,Recommended,232430,28266505,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,B9king,Suicide now seems like a virtue after playing this.-10/10 I ♥♥♥♥ing hate the person that gave this to me saying it was a horror game.
76561197993589390,Not Recommended,232430,10736249,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Doktorsleepless,The worst.  A horror game with no payoff.
,Not Recommended,232430,8963379,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Brad,The game endorses homosexuality. nuf said
76561198218375975,Not Recommended,232430,26572593,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,kidkonundrum711,"If you like reading a completely cliche nineties girls diary(about the most boring thing you can think of yes) then this game is for you. If you like being tricked into thinking there's gonna be an actually cool story, then this game is for you. If you like walking mindlessly trying to find out what to do next, then this game is for you. If you like an unfulfilling ending, then this game is for you. (spoiler, this game is not for you. Do not waste your money)"
,Not Recommended,232430,8759450,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Ayy*YAA*YAAAA*YAA.KremLin.Moop,"Complete waste of money. They're lesbians, thats it. There's no horror or really any depth to this game... Not recommended. Waste of time"
76561198141548107,Recommended,232430,14437149,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,miaka1164,"A bit short, but I liked the exploration mechanics and the atmosphere.  I'm glad it made some issues that usually don't get touched in games the focus, but at the same time I wished for this element to be a more complicated story.  However, A+ for visibility!"
,Recommended,232430,12297562,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Ellie Tincan (Old),This is possibly the best game I have ever played.
,Recommended,232430,11814045,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Phoenix RISING,"Let me get a couple of things out of the way. There is already plenty of writing concerning this game spanning from its unprecedented merits to the accusations that Gone Home is not a game at all. The latter is a ridiculously pedantic. Gone Home is a game in the tradition of the Point-and-Click Adventure, a discovery-driven genre supporting basic controls for exploration, except that it is in 3D. Before The Sims rocked the world of (casual) PC gaming, Myst was the industry’s top-selling game—a Point-and-Click game. In other words, the critics out there who denounce Gone Home as anything but a game need to conduct some rudimentary research before polluting the internet with their nonsense.Indubitably, Gone Home is a brilliantly-written experience.....However, Once I became aware of Gone Home’s modus operandai–The Fullbright Company’s attempt at evoking an empathetic response to this charade of a “coming of age” story that is actually a “coming out” story–I became increasingly disinterested this element of the game, half-listening to the recordings as I rummaged for clues concerning Terry, Jan, and Katie. I don’t believe that The Fullbright Company was trying to “push an agenda” so much as they (in reference to the four members of the company with one of them one of them of them being LGBT) were simply (re)creating a typical experience of a, arguably two, LGBT girl(s) living in the 90’s. As is the case for most adolescents, companionship becomes an obsession that consumes daily life in totality, so one should expect that the narrative be reflective of this. If that was the objective (and it was, according to designer Steve Gaynor) then the game succeeds in its mission. However, when executed as deliberately as is realized in Gone Home, the subject matter becomes a clobbering rather than tender message. Sam and Lonnie are lesbians. I get it. I even accept it. But I don’t have to  condone it.http://placetobenation.com/backloggery-beatdown-gone-home/"
,Recommended,232430,11673753,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,SilencerLX,Feels.
,Recommended,232430,10422220,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Klinbin,"I'm one of those who absolutely adores the game. Not at full price, mind you, due to just a three hour experiance.It's just a little niche of glorified point-and-click adventure for those who are facinated by tiny detail within a small, short novelesque romance told through diary pages and bits and peices of detail.It had cliche' elements, but in a delightful way that fit the bill of something that obviously came out of a custom Amnesia story."
,Recommended,232430,11759372,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,SeanPerryman,"Definitely not what I expected, but fun none-the-less. I don't really feel like it deserved all the hype it got for being so ""controversial""; the topics discussed within are FAR from taboo in this day and age. I had a good time with it, and you probably will do. I played this on the couch with my wife next to me, she seemed to have a good time as well. 7/10"
,Recommended,232430,9130069,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Dan,"It only took me an hour to complete Gone Home, so I'll begin with my one and only complaint, in that I don't feel like I got a lot for my money. HOWEVER, during that one hour is one of the most beautifully written stories of all time, that if translated into any other form of media wouldn't work. If you have any interest in great stories whatsoever, please, do yourself a favour and buy this game. But do not go into this expecting anything other than an interactive story, as the story is the game. Some may see this as a negative, personally I do not. Finally though, I must stress, only purchase the game while it is on sale, as £14.99 is very steep for the amount of content."
,Recommended,232430,10550467,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,hmu if you got this horn relay,Play it. You won't regret it.
,Recommended,232430,10067916,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Cheddar,"This game is absolutely gr8, m8. I r8 it an 8/8.But in seriousness, this is an interesting take on first-person adventure games, for sure. The gameplay is nothing groundbreaking, but it contains a compelling mystery that is well-worth the playthrough."
76561198120877232,Recommended,232430,10434051,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,PBTEFOHWV,"First of all, this is a fantastic piece of art. I hesitate to call it a game, since the mechanics are very simple and there is no real fail state. I'd describe it as an interactive story told through the exploration of a virtual space. Every detail is well crafted and the atmosphere is tight. The voice over is perhaps a little bit on the nose. More mystery might have been better, at least for my taste. Great value for the daily deal price, but the experience is clearly not for everyone. Still, the less you know about it in advance, the more you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,232430,11007323,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,assfuck mcpoophands,Walked around and clicked at things. Has lots of things to click/10
,Recommended,232430,10400492,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,n00ban ganley,"This wasn't so much a game as it was an interactive story. In fact, as the description says, it's a puzzle that you piece together at your own pace. It's still a very strange game with a spooky atmosphere.It's interesting that the game feels like a survival horror, yet there's nothing otherworldly to fear. You really can play at your own pace - but it recreates what it would be like to be in a large house, at night, in a storm - it's the addition of being alone, and having no immediate explanation as to where everyone is that creates suspense. It definitely drops little elements of horror in the game, and leaves your mind to fill in the blanks - all while getting a bit creeped out by the thunder outside or the creaking noises the house emits.I think the ending will leave people feeling a bit disappointed, or expecting a twist. The twist is that there is no twist. I was pleasantly surprised and had a chuckle at myself for succumbing to the tense atmosphere. I love that the game is set in the early-to-mid '90s as it gives it a bit more character. It feature some Riot Grrrl bands which are a fun addition - especially because '90s Alternative Rock and Grunge are mainstay genres on my playlist.The story was slow paced. It was quite nice to see/hear it unfold. If it was told in a different format (such as a film) it might not work, or feel padded out. Adding the story in to a mystery/exploration certainly worked, however.A few gripes I have are the price and the graphics. The price should be about a third of what they're asking for (£14.99 as of 09/06/14), in my opinion. It's a short game - taking me about 4 hours to complete, and I don't think that justifies the asking price. Combined with the graphics, which aren't spectacular - yet they still manage to slow my system down even on the lowest settings. The game was still immersive without high end graphics, again, I just wish they weren't so intense for my system to handle... it's not like I was running Crysis 3!"
76561198108956169,Recommended,232430,11677429,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Thelockedbox,i do personally like the game it is very atmospheric and interesting. The story is very dependant about what you can find concerning your family howerver it is frustrating when you miss an important piece which it can ruin your expierence. It is in no way worth the asking price i got it when it was 80% off so i guess i can't complain but would pay 5 dollars max have a good day thanks for reading.
,Recommended,232430,11761433,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Bruno,"This game does so much to make exploring an old creaky house at night memorable. Each room has a distinct purpose and unique details that make exploration exciting.The game's narrative is compelling, but being placed within it, so expertly, to intimately experience yourself is in my opinion Gone Home's real hallmark.Even if you're a high-energy action-only games type, Gone Home is THE game you should try if you want to try something different."
76561198044981127,Recommended,232430,11768232,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,LosT_ArC_XVIII,Good pick up if you want an intersting story to follow. Get it on sale though. A lot of the game is just moving from place tot place in the house and using common sense to 'solve' simple puzzles (if you can even call them puzzles). I felt the story ended just when it should have and dont think that the game was too short or whatever. Overal solid enjoyable experience :)
,Recommended,232430,12478611,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Veib,GOTY 2013.
76561197971683832,Recommended,232430,14552868,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,The Sauce,
,Not Recommended,232430,21948343,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,sonderkraftfahrzeug,"This is a social justice warrior walking simulator game. While the game may make it sound like it is a horror game there (especially the cover) there is nothing scary about it. In the game you play a teenage girl and learn about feminism, lesbians, exterminating the patriarchy, feelings and emotions.There are no puzzles - it is mostly going from room to room and turning on lights and reading notes about lesbians. In the basement you learn that the girl spent a lot of time creating misandrist literature and was upset that she got in trouble for it (because women can't be sexist). All in all this is about a 2-hour game about hating men. 1/10"
,Recommended,232430,9121828,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,NeroFaydra,"This is a fantastic game! At first, I thought I would be just exploring the house but when you dig deep and learn about your sisters story and what she went through, it nearly had me in tears. A must have game!"
,Recommended,232430,9091654,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,The D.E.N.N.I.S. System,I love this game.
76561198028153454,Not Recommended,232430,12990936,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Cupkkake,Waste of time.
,Recommended,232430,16773349,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,My Epic System,*buys and plays game**looks up game to see if it has scary stuff in it**accidentally ruins the end of the game for myself**still loves it**takes a deep breath*10/10BEST EMOTIONSWEET EMOTIONALL THE EMOTIONEMOTIONAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,232430,34248371,Posted: 14 August,all,Evan,"Pros- Good Graphics- Great Story- Great Sound- Interactive Enviroment- Great Voice ActingCons- Game is VERY shortOverall Gone Home was a great, short experience. I would'nt recommend buying at the normal price, wait until it comes on sale. I bought it 5.09 CAD and I thought that it was a resonable price for what you get."
,Recommended,232430,9112367,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,ネコねこ猫NEKO,Make a game in the language of novel.
76561197973173473,Recommended,232430,10435609,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,sgreco1970,A magnificent story which unfolds with your exploration. I like this new genre of storytelling
76561198011673767,Recommended,232430,9048665,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Gannon,"The house has a story, all you have to do is listeningGone Home is tricky to talk aboutThe story is everything and nothing, at times its simply exploring the house and manipulating the objects within. Yet at times, I find myself relating to the game so strongly I honestly have to step back as I myself begin reliving some of my younger years (Prepare for the nostalgia). At times, I feel as if Gone home has jogged my memory of what it was like to be young and naïve, a time in my life when everything and nothing mattered. It brought back recollections of the major events in my life as an adolescent; friendships gained and lost, first love, First Heart break, and the confusion and uncertainty of a budding young adult. As the game opens, a hastily hand-written message from your younger sister, Sam, starts you on your journey through the house and your memory... The note instructs Kaitlin (the Player) that she’s gone and not to worry, of course this is every reason to be concerned. Therefore, we begin the adventure of simply sifting through papers, opening drawers and reading various notes and documents to comprehend what happened to Sam. Gone Home is meticulously detailed; it feels as if a family truly inhabits the home. As you comb through the house you’ll be touched by deep emotions experiencing, confusion, romance, good times and periods of despair.It’s not often that a game touches you on such an emotional level; it’s truly about The memories that we make in life with the people and the things that we love in each moment.So its not much of a review and its unfocused; it’s more a way for me to express the emotion that gone Home has brought forth, but that’s what its all about."
76561198124531299,Recommended,232430,10262049,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Cat,"I'll recommend this game because it surprised me with it's ending. I expected something supernatural but what happened was quite different. Also, surprisingly, it didn't bore me. It is short, can finish playing in a few hours, but if shortness doesn't bother you then it's quite a good time waster. The story was quite interesting, refreshing and gave me my 90s nostalgia fix. This game will be very good for a feminist or a pro-LGBT player. Why? I'm not gonna spoil why ^_~"
,Recommended,232430,16763423,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,espionageRus,Wonderful storyline and intriguing game play.
,Recommended,232430,8205725,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Adamtimtim,"The less you know about this game the better. And fortunatley for me I knew little to nothing about this game until I played it and without a doubt it is probably one of my favourite games of the year. I have always wanted to play an experience where a love story would be the best feature of a video game, and Gone Home certainly delivers that experience."
,Recommended,232430,7482701,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Top Nep,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Not Recommended,232430,13107796,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,m.baso,Wow! Interactive chic lit for hipsters!
,Not Recommended,232430,9009303,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Python,Сool high res 90′s♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,232430,8976804,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,mogwi,I'm going to make my own version of the most boring game ever.  It will have somewhere between two and three hundred more references to lesbians.  Then I can win game of the year awards.
,Recommended,232430,7754085,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[AReV]BavarianGod,"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYEuCFnVqUEAfter returning to her parent's home in Arbor Hill, Oregon, Katie Greenbriar finds the large sprawling home the family has recently inherited from an Uncle suspiciously empty. A message on the answering machine from Katie to her family informs them of her return from Europe sets the stage as Katie finds herself on the front porch of the house. Making her way inside, it's up to you to investigate what happened and why Katie's parent's and sister are not home. As the player, you must follow a trail of paperwork and artifacts that piece together who your family is and what has happened to them. Perhaps one of the most striking features of Gone Home is how far it distances itself from anything traditionally found in a video game narrative. Earth is not in need of saving, nothing indicates that your family may be in trouble, there isn't really an antagonist, and there is no combat. Some very simple puzzle solving and a tremendous amount of exploration is all that is required to see Gone Home's conclusion. Not much can be said about Gone Home's plot without spoiling it, but playing through it evokes some of the darker elements of behind the pristine facade of middle class to upper middle class families and is in some ways similar to the tone of a film like American Beauty.This very unusual approach to game design is what makes Gone Home so engaging. The Fullbright Company has carefully and cleverly designed the Greenbriar home to ensure that you find the information you need in an order that makes sense while maintaining the illusion that you are not being lead by the nose to the next bit of pertinent information. Large sections of the house are open to explore at any given time and carefully combing the drawers, cabinets, desks and shelves of the home yields nuggets of information about each of the Greenbriars. Journals, school work, business letters, personal letters, notes and calendars can all be perused for information and each piece of paper found in the game avoids overly expository information or presenting information in an unconvincing fabricated manner. Some props like self help books, parenting books or music magazines allude to other events going on to the household and are further elaborated on as the game progresses. What's more it it's very apparent who owns these objects and often it says a lot about how they relate to one another. Objects in the environment offer a lot of interaction which also helps create the illusion that you are digging for information in a very real place and some details can be uncovered that are not essential to understanding the game's main plot arc but are never the less enriching. While a game like The Walking Dead is centered on only allowing you to interact with objects in the environment that are necessary to proceed, Gone Home allows you to open almost every cabinet and drawer giving the environment a high level of authenticity and creating a sense of reward after locating important information.The props that populate the home reflect the game's mid 1990's setting. Blank VHS tapes with movies recorded on them, Super Nintendo cartridges, cassette tapes can be found all over the house. Magazines featuring popular bands from the 90's also add to the nostalgia. The sound is the what really drives the experience however. The sound of rain and thunder persist through the entire experience and a sever weather warning loops on the TV in the family room. A subtle and beautiful score fades in during Sam's narrating her journal entries and is juxtaposed by the loud and raw sounds of punk bands Bratmobile, Heavens to Betsy and Riot grrrl that can be played once their cassette tapes have been found and place into a cassette player. The audio and visual presentation come together to create a melancholy and eerie atmosphere and leaves you with the feeling that around every corner there might be some sort of horrific tragedy."
,Recommended,232430,7453091,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,MaxOfS2D,A very touching story. I would have liked a vague hint system in a few cases but overall this was a very pleasant experience.
76561198046018966,Recommended,232430,12732185,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Alien Nude,Amazing game. Really loved it!
,Recommended,232430,12506236,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,[M]erc,"An absolutely nightmare for an obsessive compulsive. I spent several hours trying to clean up a digital house because the digital family that lives there apparently doesn't believe in putting things back in drawers when they are done with them.But that being said, Gone Home is really great narrative experience. I'd love to see more games that are interactive fiction with this level of fidelity. I especially appreciate how you will get as much of the story as you are willing to put into it. There's a main narrative that you'll get as you enter various parts of the house and will conclude the game, but there are several sub-plots that you only get through examining artifacts your family has left behind. You can skip right over all of that if you want, or you can find every note and scribble to piece together a broader picture.I do have one complaint about the game, but it gets into spoiler territory so I wont discuss it here. All I'll say is that my biggest issue still didn't detract from the overall experience and I still highly recommend the game. Can't wait to see the developer's next project."
,Recommended,232430,7770133,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,SpartyCrunch,"Great interactive storytelling, subverts your expectations, and leaves you with a truly satisfying conclusion. Can't wait to see what Fullbright does next."
76561198109883351,Recommended,232430,12642755,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,MRNasher,"The Good:* Creepy atmosphere drives your intrigue* Letters, music and scenery set the mid 90's period perfectly* Audio journal is superbly written and narrated* Subtle jokes and nods that really work* Some clever, if subtle, misdirection in the plotting* Keeps you guessing and exploring* Lots to read and doled out in clever natural waysThe Bad: (nitpicking)* Short? 2 hours is enough time to complete* Little to no replay value (possibly a Commentary play-through)* A couple of lock combinations are easy to miss* Would have like more problem solving* Secrets are findable at any time and technically you can end the game in under 60secs* Some odd frame rate issues for no apparent reasonBackground: Heard good things, had to try it out.Impressions: Wow, what a great ride. Very impressed by the writing and execution that played out perfectly as I explored and all made logical sense while apparently giving you semi-open world freedom it's actually guiding you. there are easter eggs in almost every location if you look for them and none are necessary or over explained you just have to be observant. Nothing jarred me out of the game and finding a cereal box with the puzzle completed on the side in pen just shows the level of detail that goes into making this house feel lived in.Be aware this is an interactive story and 2 hours is all it takes to complete. There are adult themes that are handled cleverly and that reading and thought is needed to get the most out of the experience as the game allows you to join the dots yourself for the broad themes and side stories.Recommended for: 90's music lovers, those with a literary passion and point n click explorers.Conclusion: 7/10. A pitch perfect story, expertly delivered in every way but beware the length and how much you want to pay."
,Recommended,232430,811619,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,mark | dj.,"Pricey and short, but one heck of a game. Great storytelling and it doesn't insult your intelligence by holding your hand. The house is yours to explore, but note: you can't go outside.The story actually gave me chills during its 1 hour playthrough. I didn't know anything about the game before playing so that certainly helped immerse me into the story. It's moody and mysterious.So 1 hour... yeah, that's about right. You can add 1 or 2 hours to that number if you want to explore and see everything, but let's face it, it will always be short. But the storytelling is just so damn good that it totally makes up for it, even if the performance is poor. Really poor.This game isn't optimized at all. Like many other games in this genre it should've run at a solid 60FPS but instead it gave me 30-40FPS. Certainly playable, but noticable and annoying as well.The graphics are sharp and the house is modeled like a real house so it all feels very real and down to earth. Same goes for the writing and voice acting. The voice acting is absolutely fantastic, making it an even better experience.You guys HAVE to play this, but make sure you don't pay the current price (€19) or you might end up being disappointed.[Rating: 79/100]"
,Recommended,232430,12444546,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,WhiteMoon Dreams,This is one of my top games of 2013. Such a great example of interactive storytelling. I can't wait to see what you guys do next!
,Recommended,232430,12517604,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Horselord,"Gone home is interesting. It didn't blow me away, but for how much I paid for it I thought it was neat. It's a single sitting game, so you can finish it in one sitting (my play through was 97 min). The subject matter of the story is unexpected in that it's not about murders in a creepy mansion or anything, it's just about a family and its problems. It is also worth noting that the story isn't about the player really at all, which again was...interesting.Cool game, but not worth $20."
76561198169878079,Not Recommended,232430,28798804,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,andy_davies0,what a rubbish game. no skill needed atall.
76561198037578962,Recommended,232430,12755003,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,RocketFromTheCrypt,"It's short. It's arguably not even a game. But it's a great, compelling little story with a superb soundtrack."
,Not Recommended,232430,24533699,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,CTRL+FU,My friend got this free on PS Plus and hated it so much he made me play the Steam copy I've had for years so we could talk about it. We are no longer friends. Eff that guy. Eff this game.
,Recommended,232430,12599635,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Intendant S,"Gone Home is more of an experience than an actual game. There is little in the way of puzzles, no combat or action to speak of. Hell, the only actual character in the game is you and the house you return to. The thing is, the story doesn't revolve around the protagonist at all. Searching the empty home you're told the tale of your sister and her relationship with your parents and her girlfriend. Through interacting with the environment you're shown and told her struggles to overcome what some people might consider unnatural and to come to terms with her burgeoning love for this other girl. For anyone who's grown up as LGBT or knows someone who did you should really do yourself a favor and pick this hidden gem up. There may not be much to it, but the emotions conveyed throughout more than make up for any shortcomings."
,Recommended,232430,12781320,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,KaylaKaze,I cried so much!
,Recommended,232430,7806753,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Смерть неизбежна,GOTY 2013
,Not Recommended,232430,23054160,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,ElvenArcher,"so bad. soo bad. Theres nothing to play or see in this game. Nothing happens at all. All there is to do is open drawers and read ♥♥♥♥♥♥ letters of your relatives so you can find out the back story. No puzzles, no real story, no nothing. There's nothing in this game. The game tries to entertain and stress you with different rooms and fails missebrably with uninteresting design choices. Once you read the final letter of the story, it throws the lamest excuse for a game in your face.don't believe the internet hype and stay away from this 'game'  /10"
76561198004099972,Recommended,232430,12690856,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Low Key Lyesmith,I mean yeah I recommend this game.  Only if you enjoy a good story.  You spend a lot of time reading and picking up notes. This is a note picking up simulator that tells a story.  It is good I mean yeah I would say it is worth the hour or so of your life.
,Recommended,232430,7954081,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,BDtetra,レズの話
,Recommended,232430,7769936,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,"Gone Home is a game about going home. And when you get there... you have to pick up a duck and find some keys, and wander into your Dad's room and he has the same book shelf everywhere. It might even have the same books on it. I think he is OCD or something, like he has a serious complex about having the exact same bookshelf with the exact same books on it, and he basically fills up a room with his matching bookshelf collection.Also, I decided this is a good place to declare the following: ""GO HOME GONE HOME, UR DRUNK!"""
,Recommended,232430,168577,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,*Junon,"Short and (bitter)sweet. It's not really a game, it's a story. Remember the 90s? Remember your mom and dad? Your sister? What high school was like? Even if the answer to all of those is ""no,"" Gone Home is striking in its accuracy to the setting and to real life interpersonal relationships.This exemplifies games as artistic expression."
,Recommended,232430,2781434,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,Vurczi,"Very, very short game, but it's Indie, so thats forgivable... for some people.Very nice graphics, nicely detailed house, because the house is the only place you will be playing in the whole game... good exploration and beautiful story telling, its just beautiful. The only downside of this game is the gameplay, as its stated above, the game is incredibly short, around 2-3hrs and the gameplay is lack in enetertainment,It is a very nice Indie, which clearly doesn't woth the price it has right now. 6/10."
76561197999755119,Recommended,232430,12611973,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Rufus T. Firefly,"Although I might argue that Gone Home is more an exercise in story-telling than it is a 'game' in the true sense, that doesn't exactly do it justice - it was really fantastic game.  It doesn't set the world on fire with new ideas- just takes a few things and does them really well, and with very little waste.  There's nothing that doesn't either further the plot or tell the player something about one of the characters, and it really has a lot to say about them, if you're astute.  That said, I wouldn't recommend it to everyone.  If you're a patient person who likes a good story and can get into a character, and you have an emotional connection to the mid 1990s, (no matter how hard you may have tried to bury it) this one will hit pretty close to home.  Bonus points if you completely missed out on some of the underground culture of the period and would like to experience it an- I'm loath to say ""authentic"" way.  The re-creation of a period and the impressions it left on the people who lived it is another of the game's themes, and it does it lovingly and without pretensions."
76561198006562154,Recommended,232430,12575615,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,space,I found a dirty Magazine 10/10.
76561198081599544,Recommended,232430,12907172,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Time Lord Victorious,"When i bought gone home, i played it for a little while, and when i put it down i didn't come back. When i did, my save data was gone and i started from the beginning. I beat it in one sitting, which isn't common for me, even with short games like this.First, i loved being able to explore the area and find out about the characters. I loved the subplot about the dad, and i thought the main story was a good one. However, the atmosphere seemed... off. I got legimately scared at one or two points, but the plot had nothing to do with scares at all. The opening makes it seem more like there'll be a murder, or that she ran away for some horrible reason. The atmosphere is my only real complaint though, and I think this is a game you should check out."
,Recommended,232430,12584104,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Ksempac,"A very powerful story, masterfully distilled into video game form. It takes the form of something vaguely reminiscent of point-and-click, but it's not about solving puzzles. To speak too much about it would spoil the experience, it's better if you just go in blind, and discover everything by yourself."
76561198044911737,Recommended,232430,12652536,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,CRhyme,this game is pretty awesome and I would definitely reccomend buying it.
76561197995692556,Recommended,232430,10372883,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,LegendX01,A must play!
,Recommended,232430,12506323,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,kyun,"If only for the different style of gameplay, yes...but it feels like even though the game promises so much, the ending is so underwhelming. It was quite fun to explore the house though."
,Recommended,232430,12573105,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,tomasziam,"Gone Home tells the story of a 20-something girl coming ""home"" after a year aboard in Europe. Home is not home, though. Home is a brand new house where here family moved while she was away. Katie arrives at the front door of this empty house in the wee hours after getting of a plane, and no one is home.Gone Home is an interactive story. Nothing more, nothing less. You pick through your families belongings and explore the house as you try to figure out where everyone is, and what happened while you were away.It's hard to recommend or not recommend a game like this. For what it's worth, I enjoyed it. There's no ""gameplay"" to speak of and it's pointless to talk about the story without giving anything away, so let's leave it at that.Note, it has a run time of 1-2 hours so I wouldn't say it's worth buying it at full price."
76561198052312274,Recommended,232430,12534627,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,perpetualjoe,"Really great, immersive experience. Lots to see and learn here - don't rush through it."
,Recommended,232430,12562063,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,>}T1F{< ho.ot,"Great game. Interesting story line. Would recommend for anyone. Downside, I wish it was a bit longer."
,Recommended,232430,12535951,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,blarkytopia,"This is not really a game, it's more of an interactive story.  You explore the empty house of your family, piecing together really several threads of a story together until you get the whole picture.  What you find is tremendous and atmospheric, and my hat's off to the designers for making this happen.This title gets a lot of downvotes, and I guess those folks either were expecting something completely different, or just weren't the target audience of this in the first place.  This is a story, and a damn fine one too."
,Recommended,232430,12566922,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Noman,"A wonderfully paced and written interactive story. Or is it a snooping simulator? This is a game in which every drawer, cabinet, closet, and cubby that you'd expect to find in an American home can be opened and rummaged- and you will need to in order to reach the end of the game. This mechanic grows weary but is offset by the amazing story that unravels through investigative discovery.This game is best enjoyed if you have not spoiled any aspect of the plot before going in, as the plot's impression changes expectations on a regular basis. What is this game? A murder mystery? Supernatural thriller? A tale of spousal betrayal and professional ennui resulting in the destruction of the American middle-class family? The imagination churns when presented with the setting of a young woman returning home to a large, empty, and dark house during a rain storm. The developers take advantage of the player's expectations, challenge them, and twist them in a satisfying way.Despite being fully voiced and rendered, the most interesting aspect of this game is what you don't see or hear; making it as thought-provoking as a novel. In a game where the pace revolves entirely around the player, i found my heart racing to reveal the finale. This is a pinnacle of the ""non-game"" genre that i'm finding so appealing lately for its fresh ideas and defiance of modern convention."
,Recommended,232430,12869880,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,oddley,"This game does a magnificent job of setting mood. A perfectly normal house where everything is just a little bit off. It starts off with typical horror tension: flickering lights, ominious notes, that kind of thing. Then it crescendos to a completely different kind of narrative tension. Truely great story telling.The games tech is not very polished, and it took me two hours to complete.Still a fantastic ""game"", though, well worth playing through."
,Recommended,232430,28627301,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,João Mário,"NAMBAR VON HOMOSAXUAL PROPAGANDA! Absolutely haram, and I will never let myself, nor my son (Abdul Aziz Al-Karimi), play this again. Alhamdulillah"
,Not Recommended,232430,15074913,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Yirg,"5/10Pretty boring game. Builds up the atmosphere of a horror game and never really delivers. What it does deliver is a relatively uninteresting story with characters I didn't really connect with. Maybe I played it too leisurely and when I was too tired to care, but I assume that a better game would do more to pick up my interest and pace. And no, I did not play the game for 9 hours, Steam just keeps counting when the game is minimized. For sure it didn't take me the 2 hours to finish that everyone else gets."
76561198028830940,Recommended,232430,7798220,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,kyle_spencer91,Will not support 5760x1080 !!
,Recommended,232430,13925381,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,crowbar,"note: I have 0h playtime, because I played in offline mode. It took me 2h to complete this game.rating: worth buying at sale price (<7,5€)similar games: The Stanley Parable, Resident Evil (both to a degree)target audience: fans of narrative games (with lots of exploration), people who dont play games just because they need something to do with their time, people who are open to all kinds of gamesI love Gone Home. The only reason I can´t recommend this with its full price is because its really short, has no complex mechanics or high quality cutscenes or anything. Its just a small very well put together piece of art and I dont understand why the devs set the price to 20€. Just wait for a steam sale and get it for 50%-75% off and you are good.Gone Home has a story which isnt interesting to everyone, especially not to ""Gamers"", and its not even a very special or unique story but one which is very rare for games, which is one of the reason I love this game, because it isnt ravaged by the plague of this industry which is to design every game for the biggest audiences and for massive profit which makes most games seem so similar and their only goal is to entertain the player for as long as possible.If you are a so called ""G4m3R"" and play games, because you need something to do with your time and you play the same multiplayer game all the time, then do NOT buy Gone Home.If you are someone like me, someone who loves this medium, who wants to experience everything it has to offer and is thankful for every new game which tries to do something new or is unique in some way, then yes, buy Gone Home. This does not mean you will like it, Gone Home tells a very personal story which only works if you had something in your life which was in any way, even if it is just very slightly, like this story. Otherwise you will either wont have any feelings about this game or you will appreciate it, but it wont touch you.The problem is I cant tell you what kind of story it is, because I dont want to spoil anything or change how you would experience the game without knowing about it.Gone Home plays a little big with your expectations which might upset some people in the end.In Gone Home it is also really fun to explore the house, especially because of all the 90s pop culture references, however if you dont ""get"" these references exploration could become boring to you. There are some moments which are especially nostalgic when you feel they are similar to something you experienced in your own life.I think the best word to describe my experience with Gone Home is ""personal""."
76561198063120138,Recommended,232430,10352536,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,NRCola,play the damn game
,Recommended,232430,7763691,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Waari^,Good
76561198043626000,Recommended,232430,12704365,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,jordomagnifico,"Gone Home is not so much a game as is an interactive story controlled from the first-person perspective. The house you explore is very atmospheric and is littered with notes, VHS tapes, and zines all with an awesome attention to detail. A good portion of your time will be spent picking up and looking at stuff and maybe listening to some sick Riot Grrrl cassettes on tapedecks.The story is not given to you hamfisted. The game asks more of you than a typical video game story, as you're asked to piece it together through journals, voice-overs, and a bit of thinking.Gone Home constantly subverts expectations on what you think will/should happen. There's not a lot of games out there that does this as well (or at all) as this ""game"" does. I think it's a very important piece of software. Despite whatever you feel about the games length, story, or gameplay it should still be recognized for the mass amount of detail and technical work that went into making that creepy♥♥♥♥♥ empty house.It's currently on sale for Halloween. It's worth all 999 pennies."
,Recommended,232430,12763489,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,UNtiTLe,One of the best games i've ever played in recent years. I highly recommend it to everyone that loves exploration and story driven games. Visualy the game is pretty and all the art are amazing! Especially if you was born before the 90's. The soundtrack is also great and will remind you the 90s with nostalgia. Great story and well written argument. Well done Fullbright Company!!
76561198006873967,Recommended,232430,12681349,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Nessos,"The reviews about this game are as mixed as I would have expected.Gone Home is an interesting game, that's fair to say. In my opinion, it's worth a shot when on sale. It's true, it's quite short to play. Saying anything about it would spoil the experience, so let's summarize what you have to be to like this:Gone Home is a game for people who can live without any action and threat, without anything telling you what to do or where to go. That means it can get a little ""boring"" at times. You're just looking for clues and connecting the dots. You're reading and collecting info.This game is for people who like to be fooled by the narration and not always in a ""oh, it's actually much bigger"" way.Let me finish by saying: If I told you what to expect I would totally ruin the game for you. Seriously, that's all there is. It's not like ""Okay, this dude is actually a vampire."" - ""Alright, then I go and kick his butt anyway."" No. If you know the whole story, the game is over. No buttkicking. Don't buy it if that's not your style of game."
76561198030735719,Recommended,232430,12689941,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,ajfilterchord,"What else can I say, but that I thoroughly enjoyed Gone Home. This is more of an interactive drama or point-and-click adventure than it is anything else, and the feelings this evoked in me... I literally went through every emotion in the gamut playing this game. Immediately after finishing, I told all my friends to play it post-haste! Great game, through-and-through."
,Recommended,232430,12709853,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,breakthehsell,"first off: i really really REALLY dislike the backlash against this game. with that said...while i appreciate the narrative technique and the worldbuilding, it feels a bit clunky to me?like, there's so many questions here. why is katie going through her family's stuff? i guess it's possible that she's just a snoop but i wish there was a more substaintial reason. why isn't she trying to sam or her parents? -- i think it would have been nice to have the option to call them, and hear their voicemail or something. (although that means hiring VAs for the parents...)i wish it was possible to open boxes and go thru katie's♥♥♥♥♥♥too.i'm only complaining because it's obvious that so much thought and time was put in this thing, you modeled every tissue box and created great, very ""real"" characters. it's too bad the experience still feels incomplete despite that.otherwise, i really liked this. :)"
,Recommended,232430,12841656,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,I'm CIAn,"Moderately fond of this game. I don't think it's either the amazing game of the year that so many reviews painted it as or the pile of garbage that so many gamers like to think it is. Just to be totally clear, if you're the kind of person who hates games that focus on story to the detriment of gameplay, just don't even bother. The gameplay consists of walking around and solving some very simple puzzles. Really just figuring out where to go next is the only challenge and it's not that hard.The good: The story was generally pretty engaging and it's kind of a new issue for games to be tacklinggay themes. The eerie atmosphere of the house is great too. I liked how things came together at the end to show why the house is deserted too. The subplot involving the martial problems of the parents was pretty interesting too, moreso than the main plot for me.The bad: While the story is told in a fairly new and interesting way, the story itself just isn't that interesting. The main plot followsthe lesbian teenaged sister of the main character through diary entries from a small kid to maybe about 18 and the problems she gets from parents and classmates for her relationship with another girl. The problem is that she just isn't that interesting a character. While you can sympathise with the difficulty of her situation, she still largely comes across as stereotypical grumpy teenager and not much is done to make her memorable or stand out. Ending the story with her still being a teenager kind of leaves a feeling of incompleteness too, like we're finishing the story half way.Also, while telling the story through diary entries was definitely engaging, it does feel kind of contrived having them all just lying around and telling such a complete story.But still, overall I'd say give it a go if you're not bothered by gameplay-lite games. It's not revolutionary and it's pretty rough but it's still different as far as games go and it only takes about 2 hours of your time.Actually, on that note, the dev is having a laugh pricing this at €20 for the game. This is absolutely not worth that much. I think I got it on a sale for €5 and that was a fair enough price but this is literally the length of an average film, just a lot more slow-paced and coming in at twice the price, so I really couldn't recommend buying it at RRP. Get it in a Humble Bundle or a sale."
76561198017607248,Recommended,232430,12707751,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,holdenleeshearer,"Here's what you need to know about Gone Home:It's not a game, as such-- there's little in the way of puzzles or obstacles, and no real way to ""lose"" the game. Rather, it's a storytelling experience, presented in an unusual fashion, and that story is touching, authentic, and greatly enhanced by the game's period atmosphere and immersive visuals. I would highly recommend it.That said, Gone Home is short-- I finished the story in about three hours-- and has little to no ""replay value,"" so if it looks interesting to you, I would recommend you do what I did-- put it on your Wish List and wait for it to go on sale. $20 is a bit steep for what amounts to a uniquely-presented novella, but if you can get it at half off or thereabouts, it's worth the value."
76561198056241471,Not Recommended,232430,30681514,Posted: 23 March,all,alindhor,Kinda lackluster
,Recommended,232430,12699259,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,spacey,"Oh my god yes, just yes. Not recommended for the ones who love action but all the other that likes to waste some time on a game, this one is awesome. Super short but really cool, graphisms are awesome too, story is really cute and nice, voices are awesome, everything about that game is awesome as long as YOU DON'T WANT ACTION.Would play again because god this game is hella"
,Recommended,232430,12796557,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,spork865,"Yeah, maybe it is a lesbian scavenger hunt like someone else said, but I liked it a lot.The atmosphere was a bit ominous at first, and the little ""90's kid"" details sprinkled throughout were a treat.Not many games have had stories memorable enough to really stick with me, and this game easily joiins the ranks of those very few that have triggered emotions in me other than anger and fear.For some reason it's become trendy for emotionally-stunted robots to hate on this game, but it really deserves to be given a fair shake.I'm a man over thirty, I teared up near the end of Gone Home, and I don't give a damn who knows it."
,Recommended,232430,12626942,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,jlbittz,Awesome story and great atmosphere make Gone Home one of my favorites of the year.
,Recommended,232430,12763115,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,428,"Very good. Expensive, quailty game, but you couldn't play it twice.Story 8/10Gameplay 9/10Graphics 9,5/10Music 9/10Overall 8/10"
,Recommended,232430,12785420,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Sephielya,"If you go into this game expecting a scare, you'll be disappionted. However the story was quite good. Not much in the way of puzzles, I got stuck a few times, but it was worth the play through."
,Recommended,232430,12743544,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Poobah Gorg,"If you're the right kind of gamer and it's on sale for five-ish, go for it!Thing to know, it's more about the journey than it is getting there. You could finish this game in fairly little time and not know half the story. Some of which is simply hinted at. Withing spoiling the story, there is a fair bit going on here besides your kid sister's travails. Hunt around for the skinny on Mom, Dad, and his late Uncle Oscar. Some of which is only hinted at. There's even bits of symbolism here and there."
,Recommended,232430,12745273,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,A Parliament of Owls,A beautiful and moving story of young love in the 90s.
76561198067342877,Recommended,232430,7798388,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Hobotalk,Simply amazing. Must play.
76561198034169815,Recommended,232430,12944227,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Runtus,If you are open minded about gaming experiences you might enjoy this.  I was a little dissapointed by the lack of horror that some of the trailers seemed to be hinting at.  All and all an ejoyable experience.  It is fairly short so be aware.
,Not Recommended,232430,24629177,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Donald Love,I don't usually pay to go for a walk.
,Recommended,232430,10378881,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,LETTUCEEEE,"This is amazing if you're looking for something short and unforgettable. There's a brilliant story to be discovered, and trust me, it is worth taking the time to explore the entire house as much as you possibly can. Beautiful game, highly recommend."
,Recommended,232430,10365452,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,pfnurphl,Best supernatural-themed lesbian romance since fan fiction.
,Recommended,232430,10360989,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Echo412,"Gone Home successfully builds up tension wonder and genuine feeling for characters in a way most games could never even aspire. The soundtrack of Riot Grrl music is perfectly fitting, and the atmosphere will stand the hairs on your back right up. This game will make you at moments genuinely happy, at others genuinely sad."
,Recommended,232430,10364123,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,rdillon84,Great short adventure through a world that few video games ever touch.
,Recommended,232430,10376293,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,CrazyMilk,Short but touching.
,Recommended,232430,10363872,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Childofrock,What a beautiful game. This is a prime example that superb interactice nerrative does not have to be tacked on inbetween shootouts or sword fights. Amazing experience for those interested in the style. No action. No enemies. Just an interactive story. Older and more mature players will most likely understand and enjoy more than the younger Call of Duty crowd. Though there are no scares at all in this game I would have to say the settings is still heavily creepy.
,Recommended,232430,10411806,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,AmandaPls,"Amazing storyline, and lovely music. I'm completely in love with this amazing game."
76561198103753297,Not Recommended,232430,24659573,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,martijnhoekstra,"Possibly good if you're 16 - and preferably female. And also, prefer females.As a side note, this game allows you to pick up matches, and all sorts of chemicals. But you can't set any of those on fire. Or make them explode. In any way. That would be acceptable, sort of, if there were a story line."
76561198159781591,Recommended,232430,12947391,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Plume,I don't want to say too much because this game is all about the experience. It seeks to evoke an emotional response and it did a perfect job.  Basically I love this game to itty bitty pieces. It is every thing I love about how game and narrative can be so perfectly interwoven. If you like this type of game then this one is a must play.
76561197969401689,Recommended,232430,12946938,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Jimmy Chang,"This was like no other game I've ever played. It was atmopsheric and kept me guessing the entire time. During the whole time I played it I was feeling the fun stress that comes from playing a well crafted horror game. It turned out not to be the game I thought it was, but that increased my enjoyment. Fun stuff!"
76561198063427726,Recommended,232430,26549448,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,lustidrike,i enjoyed it
,Recommended,232430,10424084,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,StantoMacGuffin,"Fantastic experience, Even though some have said that it isn't really a game, I would argue that it is. People said that Amnesia was a game, even though all you do is walk around and explore. I should say that despite the intense atmosphere of dread and tension, You never encounter any enemies. There aren't any psychos or monsters to be found here. If the thought of wandering around a dimly lit house is what scares you, there is an option to begin the game with all the lights in the house on (I wouldn't recommend this though, as it does take away from the atmosphere).The story is what really makes this game so good, Its a mature, compelling narrative primarily told through audio-diaries and random pieces of literature you pick up.Its not a very long game though, with my playthrough clocking in at around 75 minutes. Although you probably don't believe me about the lack of monsters or scares, once you finish the game and discover this for yourself, It is interesting to replay the game without that forboding atmosphere.Despite the short length and lack of ""game like"" elements, I would absolutely recommend this game.Gameplay: Literally all you do is walk around a big house, read things and listen to stuff.Graphics: Its running in one of my favorite engines, Unity. It looks great, though I would recommend having a fairly decent computer to run it on.Story: Fantastic, though I can't say much more about it without ruining the game.Overall: 10/10This was, in my opinion, the best PC exclusive of 2013."
76561198003793020,Recommended,232430,9111753,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Crimson,Who knew walking through an empty house and snooping on your sister's love life could be so emotional and fun.
76561198096796507,Recommended,232430,9112232,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,brosephtalks,"Gone Home is not your average indie walkthrough game. Complete with a rocking soundtrack, an awesome 90's theme, an amazing storyline it really makes it worth the money. Supposedly set in the same universe as bioshock as well. The story itself if drawn out for you, the steps you take to achieve to reach the finish is up to you."
76561198007513028,Recommended,232430,9117211,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Mr. Wonder,"I want to be honest. This game is amazing, yet disappointing at the same time. It's an amazing story in which a female protagonist has ""Gone Home"" to find her family missing; so you have to piece together was has happened. In this short time, you learn about your little sister. She's an amazingly human character and the story revolves around her, her struggles with her parents, and her struggles with society.With that being said, Gone Home is much too expensive to justify the amount of gameplay. Each player is going to experience the story slightly differently. Gone Home is a very polarizing game.This is not a game for the impatient. Yet Gone Home rewards exploration into rooms to figure out the stories of the Greenbriar family. If you like exploration, do yourself a favor and pick this game up.Also, get this game on sale. The asking price of $20 is not enough to justify the 2 hours or so of gameplay."
,Recommended,232430,10968804,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mr. Jacobs,Great story. Solid foreshadowing and amazing use of environments and sound. LOVE IT!
,Recommended,232430,1547313,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,noibn,"Gone Home is a unique new entrant in the increasingly popular ""interactive story"" sub-genre. The closest comparison I can make is to Dear Esther, in that both games aren't really games, and involve piecing together a story by observation. However, there is much more to Gone Home than simply walking a linear path. Instead, you have complete freedom to explore an extremely detailed environment. The game takes place in the mid-1990s, and you play as a college student who returns home from a year abroad to find her home empty. What happened to her parents and sister? It's up to you to find out. But there are no ""puzzles"" to be solved, and no other game-like elements to speak of. You simply explore the house at your own pace and investigate. Many objects can be picked up and examined, and you will find letters and tapes (it's the 90s, remember?) strewn about that contain clues about what's been going on since you left. Aside from one major story through-line involving your sister (that is chronicled via voice-over journal entries), piecing together the rest of the story is left up to you - like, in your actual brain - not as part of any gameplay mechanic. Essentially, how much you get out of the game depends purely on how much investment and deduction you put into it. If you aren't interested in non-game games or story-based games, there isn't much I can recommend here, as ultimately, there just isn't much to it, aside from that. But if you are open to these new types of gaming experiences, this is a great one. The house, its secrets, the characters... they all work. There are a ton of little things to discover and piece together about the story, and it's a really memorable experience... at least, it is while it lasts. And that is my only main criticism of the game - the length vs price issue. The playtime will depend on how deliberate you are in exploring the environment and how much you care about the story. But I'd say it can probably be completed in anywhere from just a couple of hours (if you only do the bare minimum of investigating), up to 3-4 hours (if you are anal and OCD like me). And when you consider that along with the $20 price tag, it's hard for me to fully recommend. If it were $10 and you are the kind of person who is open to these types of games, I'd say buy it without a second thought. But $20 seems just a tad too steep to me (and trust me, it pains me to say that, as I absolutely loved the game). I don't personally have any regrets buying it, but if you're on the fence, I'd say hold off until a sale. Price aside, Gone Home is a really well-done gam--- sorry, I mean ""interactive STORY"" ---  and a great new addition to this sub-genre."
,Recommended,232430,3291888,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Timmy the Duck Thief,It's amazing how a game can be a great reflection of your own life.  We need more games like Gone Home. Made with love by humans for humans. ♥
,Recommended,232430,16093587,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,lake.kubilius,It's a great game if you like to snoop around and explore.  There's even a story!  And it's a pretty good one!It's also a great game because playing it and then saying you like it will REALLY annoy several types of people who you wouldn't want to become friends with anyway.
76561198001784408,Not Recommended,232430,29026989,Posted: 4 January,all,mb3,"Ok, full disclosure, I'm a 46 year old male, I thought this game was going to be some type of mystery story that hopefully was going to follow along the lines of crime, suspense, horror or suppernatural story lines untill you discover the shocking secrets.  Instead, after finishing this game I am now about 33% gayer then I was before I started, and I don't like that.  The audio logs of a 17 year old girl having her first crush on anouther (seemingly more experenced lesbian) almost drove me to beat my dog.  My poor doogie looking at me now like ""I'm sorry, what did I do"" (Seriously though I didn't hurt my dog) But Sam's heart throbie insights into her feelings when she doesn't even know how the real world works, her ""i'm sooo deeply in love"" putrid spewing, the ""I just cried so hard"" barfing, has made me feel like a total quear for finishing this game.Just a heads up, you should be either gay, or strongly gay tendencies to enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,232430,10030347,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Krusti clawn,"Positives:- Every moveable object is interactable- Pretty nice design- Touching storyNegatives:- Way, way too short compared to what it costs- Even though the story was touching, it wasn't developed very well- No challange--------------------------------For starters, Gone Home is not really a game. Yes it is a game, but there is absolutely no challange (the puzzles are basic ""find the key"" and find the map so the hidden path you couldn't open before suddenly can be opened) and the only thing you really need to do is explore and click on certain objects in the right order in order for things to happen.Is the story emotional? Yeah. Is it well developed however? No, not at all. The main story (about the protagonist) is touching, but it is a cliche teenage love story with no real plot twists. The main character is homo, which is perfectly fine, I am in no way against that, but it doesn't matter at all. It could as well have been a guy and a girl, or two guys. It makes no difference. Most of the names are even gender neutral. It is that extremly cliche.And when I say it wasn't very well developed, I mean, for instance, that a huge part of the story felt repeditive, and the whole ""psyco house"" thing was only mentioned once. Other students from Sam's school said she lived in the psyco house, but it was never even once explained why.The biggest reason why it wasn't as good as I was hoping for is the lenght of the game. I have played for around 1.6 hours and I have finished the game from start to end, and I went into every single room. Someone mentioned that it is possible to remove the puzzles so you freely can move around the house from the beginning. The game would literally be a minute long if you went straight for the end.------------------------------------------In conclusion: Is it worth buying it? No. Not for 19 euros. I suggest you watch it on Youtube if you want to know what the story is about. I am a mod developer, and my latest mod is longer than this game, and it's for free. They want you to pay 19 euros for a game that is under two hours long.It's not worth it. Which is why I gave it a thumbs down.4/10 - Okay"
76561197997039939,Recommended,232430,12759941,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,MadJean,"Grabbed this at the Hw-Sale for 10€.What should i say, its an exploration game, its (just) a little story.First it felt like a creepy horror-game, but it really isnt.You advance the fairly short plot through investigating the mansion.I think i have fallen in love with the voice actress, shes really the main part of the game.I´d recommend this game for a cheap, because its really short.I just got into it, it was getting really emotional (thats what i like about some game stories), and then ... it ended. /sighAfter all it was a great expierence, and a very nice idea, but i see some lost potential in it."
,Recommended,232430,31965584,Posted: 25 May,all,El Oshcuro,Good story that will keep you guessing until the end.
,Not Recommended,232430,12359764,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Zinclare,"it's really suck !i think it must have some puzzle, ghost, murder, kidnapping or somthing interesting but NOTHING.even you get this game form ""some mix bundle with 80% sale"" it not worthy to play...... Waste my time Award for this game ..."
,Recommended,232430,12758417,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,JetpackOps,So that happened.
,Recommended,232430,12945480,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,sweettea14 the majestic,Scariest game I've ever played.
76561198027511532,Recommended,232430,12481898,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,CAPRESE BOY,"that 'stalgia, breh"
,Not Recommended,232430,34192960,Posted: 12 August,all,El Pachu,"Boohoo, I live in a gigantic house and I am rebel gay woman. Now find clues like like 13 reasons why and end without any reward."
76561197970538611,Recommended,232430,8378191,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Westenra,"""It was a dark and stormy night..."""
76561198075494716,Recommended,232430,12757385,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,cybergoodfella,"If you like teenage girl melodrama then this game is for you.$20 is not worth it. get it if its on sale for $3 or less. trust me, the ending is stupid, and i'm pretty sure you'll know how the game is going to end anyways.soundtrack is amazing.so save yourself $20 and just google the songs."
76561198067253971,Not Recommended,232430,25678814,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,hamso501,This game was so boring and just not a fun to play.  I have played some awful games but this is the first one that I actually had to write a review about. don't get this game even for free it is not worth it. I would step on a rusty nail instead of play this game.
,Not Recommended,232430,35385048,Posted: 1 October,all,Little Green Ghouls,"Overrated, shallow, and weak. Really not worth any money at all.A genuine waste of time I regret."
76561197981499887,Recommended,232430,9061725,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Sarah Palin,"Really short considering the price, but definitely one of the more innovative games I've played.  Also one of the most creepy.  They did an amazing job with the atmosphere here."
,Not Recommended,232430,30987951,Posted: 6 April,all,stupidtom,"I've been a gamer since i was four years old. My first game was Ducktales for the NES and from then on i was hooked. I've been gaming now for 20 years and can say with ease that this is the worst game i have ever played. Part of me is mad at myself for not researching it better but it was suggested to me by steam because i like Bioshock. Be warned, NOTHING HAPPENS IN THIS WHOLE GAME! Its insulting in its stupidity. It shouldn't be sold as a game."
76561198031939635,Not Recommended,232430,10438975,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,sheepll,"i was deceived to buy this 'game', this game promotes homosexuality"
,Recommended,232430,7459652,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Meatbug,"In ""Gone Home"" you'll play as Katie, coming home after a trip to europe, finding your house empty with just a note from your sister at the door.You will wander around the house, trying to find clues what happened and why everyone left. Not much gameplay involved other than walking, clicking and inspecting items and reading, so don't expect a real ""gaming"" experience per se.The narration is done via voiced journal entrys which will trigger after you inspected certain objects or letters, which are both pretty well done.There is nothing i want to spoil about the story, as it is the main strength of it, but it is truly heart-warming and very emotional (it starts out slow but gets more and more interesting as you discover more letters).You can compare it slightly to Dear Esther or in parts The Stanley Parable (in terms of ""gameplay"" and how the story is told), so If you like these games, then this is definitely worth a look!"
,Recommended,232430,7594364,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Keldorn,"The gameplay is excellent and the theme was interesting enough, but I felt that the story ultimately failed to deliver on its promises. It's still worth checking out, but one could wish that the actual literary qualities of this game were not so lacking."
,Not Recommended,232430,23409606,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Ç®ï§Þ¥Føø,"EDIT: People, dont let the downvotes fool you - this is not worth $20 dollars. Not even close. The starter kit in most engines today comes with almost as much content - with a little map building and a SHORT story. SMH.Controls and movement are slow and clunky too, basic; else you could finish this game much quicker than an hour and a half.You walk around, pick up things...listen about a brat. Pretty sure majority are going to think this is terrible, therefore I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.Theres no mystic controversial uprising against this game - its just extremely shallow with a steep price. The fact that did win an award is shocking, truly.SPOLIERS!Your sister is lesbian in 1995 and ran away from home to be with her girlfriend.Parents are out prolly finding her and its stormy out.You could spend the $ and hour and a half finding notes about this, or just read it as is above. Your choice.Walking simulator - in its truest form."
,Not Recommended,232430,32076406,Posted: 30 May,all,Crompets [UK],Can't believe this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥is still £14.99.
,Not Recommended,232430,34862345,Posted: 10 September,all,argoms,digipen's equivalent of overpriced textbooks
,Not Recommended,232430,26638364,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Cultösaurus Erectus,I bought this thinking it was an indie horror game along the like of amnesia. It's not. No gameplay/10.
76561198229819568,Not Recommended,232430,32658899,Posted: 22 June,all,darth666bane666,"This is not a story. It is the closest thing to drivel that I have ever had to endure. The mystery is there is no mystery. Whoever thought the subject matter of this game appealing needs to go outside. I do not know how this has gotten universal praise for gamers and media. I do not understand a world which thinks this is creative, interesting or something which should ever be subjected onto paying individuals. Gaming is part of the entertainment industry and this is simply not entertaining.Avoid, even on sale."
76561198170167023,Not Recommended,232430,33960434,Posted: 1 August,all,Saya,"honestly if you don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about this games awful story then you will find it really ♥♥♥♥ing boring, the only enjoyment to be had is going through someone else's house but even then that get's boring after 10-12 minutes. If you hate walking simulators and garbage  stories revolving around a spoiled brat then this game isn't for you"
,Recommended,232430,10777036,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,VanillaThunder,"Such a fantastic game. Very short, well (voice) acted, and attention to detail like no other game"
76561198010335843,Not Recommended,232430,26679105,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Plebleb,dogshit lesbian fanfictiondo notbuy
76561198127864299,Not Recommended,232430,24603743,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,stoneule,Contorller support is absolutely broken.  Fix your crap.
,Recommended,232430,12574196,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,ZAToM,Scissoring hehe
76561198079384845,Recommended,232430,13920336,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,penguinize,This game has the most interactive fridge of all time
76561198046078166,Not Recommended,232430,25228261,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Galecko,Lesbians? I ♥♥♥♥ING HATE LESBIANS
,Recommended,232430,23972959,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,CoffeeCreamer❤| Fakku.net,"""It's like bioshock, but without the combat, but with lesbians."" ~Anthony Burchhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jI2zxBAIepI"
,Recommended,232430,16776828,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Agent Cooper,look at mei'm sophisticatedi can appreciate deep stuff
,Not Recommended,232430,34868126,Posted: 10 September,all,Miskatonian,ipaidmoneyforthis.pdf
,Recommended,232430,7821074,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,1kimon0,"Pros:Sound design is pretty awesome, I suppose.Cons:No killing. (Are the devs even trying!?)No explosions.No dogs.No destructible environment. (The game does have something called Environmental Storytelling, though, which is basically a ♥♥♥♥♥ier version).Graphics are like my face.Too much reading.All doors have no hinges and open both ways.Christine Love is listed under Special Thanks for some reason.Final verdict:3/10"
,Recommended,232430,7892411,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Skirmisher,"Oh man. This game is...just...beautiful. I started playing it at around 10 PM, and I've just finished it at 12:30 AM. I just couldn't leave the story for another time, I needed to finish it now! The house is very real, nothing is pulled over on you, not everything has a purpose. Some things are just how they are. (Note: The house generally seems creepy, but it won'tactuallyscare you. Like in real life.) At the same time, though, take the time to look at stuff, read the notes and letters and all that. And Sam... I feel like Sam would be someone I would actually want to meet. That's how real Sam is from the journals that you hear from her during the game. There's really a connection you can feel...she's so great and nice, and yet has all these things in her life as a teenager that one can understand. It makes for a brilliant love story, as well. And this is all through the scope of you, her older sister, wandering about the large house, gathering all sorts of clues and tidbits, and receiving such deep dialogue from Sam. Extrordinarily touching...I don't profess to be a particularly emotion-focused person, but not a whole lot of people do around these parts. And maybe I am like that, I've just not expressed it. In any case, Gone Home has really seized my heart. There's just no other way to put it. It's amazing.I actually want to buy this game for some people I know now. It's that well-done, and important. People should play this.Everyone: at some point, buy this game. Set aside a couple hours to just play through it, preferably at night like how it's set. Throw off your cliché shackles for a change. Think about life, and follow the beautifully-crafted story.Play Gone Home."
,Recommended,232430,25791989,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,A c r o,Found the secret room with the attic key in less than 2 minutes. 8/8
,Not Recommended,232430,15264939,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Sekso Karalius,this game has no guns and its first person?!?! i HATE THIS GAME!
,Recommended,232430,19659682,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Generic Player,In this game you play as a♥♥♥♥♥♥returning home from Spring break after having been banged by over 9000 guys only to find that your home has turned into a spooky mansion filled with magazines that you find in the waiting room at the dentists.
,Not Recommended,232430,34852752,Posted: 9 September,all,Elio Masmo,isstwentydollarsforfeministpropagandawhy
76561198074828231,Not Recommended,232430,29151783,Posted: 9 January,all,DjDaddyStalin,"SJW cancer, developers please kill yourself."
76561197995558498,Not Recommended,232430,26551236,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Codename_Gojira,A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ monologue
,Not Recommended,232430,2535183,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Suave,"I foolishly picked up this turd after hearing from several previously reputable gaming websites talk about what an interesting and thought-provoking experiment this was in advancing the medium.I am an idiot.Even if the almost non-existent gameplay mechanics reinforced the story (they don't), even if the game was wonderfully detailed (it isn't), the story itself, which the developers proclaim as the backbone to this visual novel is drivel hipster♥♥♥♥♥♥It's another attempt at ""progressiveness"" being shoe-horned into videogames.I'm not so annoyed by the creators of this game (despite them being bona-fide tumblrfeminists) as I am the gaming media for collectively agreeing this turd was not only a good idea but in recommending it for purchase.I do, however, agree that this game provided an interesting and thought-provoking experiment; why are gaming journalists so full of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198125076366,Not Recommended,232430,32472014,Posted: 16 June,all,jsallaway4,"This game is trash, buy it for $1 if you are curious but don't invest if any higher. Can't even believe that it is considered a game, should have written some♥♥♥♥♥♥book or filmed a terrible college film instead of wasting my time with all the boring walking, looking and reading. Can't believe anyone likes this either"
,Not Recommended,232430,18388248,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Shripe,"Gone Home has a moving story that drew me in, which I appreciate, but the length just wasn't there. Had I paid for the game myself, especially at full price (received my copy as a gift), I probably would have been dissatisfied. If you can get it at a drastically reduced price (<$5?), it's a good buy for a couple hours."
,Recommended,232430,18388306,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Pyromanta || AE,"Disclamer: My recommendation is based on the assumtion that you do use a 'dollar per hour' to decide whether a game is good value for money. I also want to disclose I picked up this game in a Humble Bundle.Is Gone Home a good game? Is it a game at all? Well, yes and no.Mechanically, Gone Home is a lesson in interactive environments. Pretty much everything can be picked up, examined and thrown around. There's lots to read and see and a large, well-designed house to wander around. The audio is atmospheric and the distribution of objects gievs impressive realism to an empty home recently bought.The game runs into some problems in the narrative department though. Multiple small narratives litter the environment, absorbable at your leisure. Your character, Katie Greenbriar, has recent;y returned from Europe to an empty house. By reading the myriad of notes and letters around the house, you establish who the Greenbriar family are, what they all do, their passions and interests. You also figure out why none of them are around. Katie herself is more of a player vessel than anything, having no voice and only expressing her feelings through the occasional item description.The issue is that only one of the narratives actually turns out to be important and it's not necessarily the one you're most interested in. There are hints towards difficulties with Katie's parents and a dark past involving her great uncle but neither of these narrative paths seem to lead anywhere. The one that does hinges on Katie's sister, Sam, and is told through various objects found around the house that trigger voice-overs.To be fair, this story is compelling, endearing and well-written. It charts Sam's transition through high school and her relationship with a girl named Lonnie. Letters, tapes, buttons and notes scattered around give more insight into this relationship and as it develops, the boldness and confidence of the writing becomes clearer. I won't spoil it but safe to say it's original, at least in terms of common videogame narrative.I can't help but feel Gone Home would have benefitted from a tighter focus on this one important narrative. The other trails, red herrings and false starts just made me feel like I wasted a bunch of time. I would even go so far as to say they felt like filler, put in to keep me playing for longer.For it's current price, £14.99, I would say Gone Home is overpriced. Even rejecting the currently-popular 'dollar per hour' measure, I still feel it's too much for the experience. There's also little replayability, as once you've completed the game it's abundantly clear the other narratives have no importance and the core narrative is so short and simple it's hardly worth playing through a second time.I would recommend you find some way of playing Gone Home, be it at a friends house, through game-sharing or by picking it up in a sale. It's well worth 3-4 hours of your time; just probably not worth 15 of your hard earned pounds."
76561197961019845,Recommended,232430,65996,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,ladenedge,"A beautiful story that had me in tears by the end. The gameplay strikes the perfect balance between guidance and autonomy, and you will love, love, love the music."
,Recommended,232430,7506654,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Dune Tiger,"So this is the indie darling everyone is talking about.  Ultimately, this isn't really much of a game - it's a log hunt in the vein of System Shock, Bioshock, Doom 3, etc. where you wander around the house and look for notes, letters, and other tchotchkes that eventually trigger journal entries from your sister (terrifically read to you) until you run out of things to find.  While the atmosphere of wandering around a strange and empty house that is just as foreign to your character as it is to you can put you on edge, rest assured that this is not a horror game and nothing will jump out and say 'boo'.You are Katie Greenbriar, coming home from a year-long Eurotrip to a house that your family had moved into while you were away.  Of course, nobody's home when you get there.  As you wander around and rummage through the impossibly large house (that is an homage to 90s tropes), you will start to find notes, letters, pictures, etc that tell three distinct stories for the othe three members of your family; your parents and your sister.While the story has a lot of heart to it, I'd only suggest picking it up if the above seems interesting to you.  As far as the game mechanically goes, it's very simple and won't keep you for more than a couple of hours at best.  Otherwise, find someone who has it and play it at their house or just move along."
,Recommended,232430,600103,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Capashin,"Fantastic story telling, amazing attention to detail, and one hell of a voice actress.  Take your time with this gem as it's only 2-3 hours, but there is tons to see.  Lots of little twists all along the way will certainly keep you entertained.  One warning: this is a story, do not go in expecting a traditional game."
,Recommended,232430,7469850,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,OmniRemix,A good few hours of adventure gaming bliss. Go in blind and you'll have a great time.
76561197996364601,Recommended,232430,1681077,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Kizi,Really good storytelling.
,Recommended,232430,7720402,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,vanillatwisted,"A touching and heartfelt experience that anyone should play. Easily worth the $15 and best played on a single, 2 hour sitting. Recommend very highly."
76561198000790392,Recommended,232430,2001186,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,AgentM83,"Touching, tense, suspenseful, nostalgic, retro, 90s - Gone Home hits many notes that had gone previously unplucked in my entire history of gaming. Imagine if you ran Amnesia and My So Called Life through a blender and you might start to have an idea of the atmosphere immediately evoked. But enough discription: this game is much better experienced without too much preamble. Trust me."
76561197973276555,Recommended,232430,7397616,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Andrunn,"A bit on the short side, but definitely cool. Not really comparable to any other game I've ever played, so go in with no expectations and don't read any spoilers below!"
,Recommended,232430,8703705,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,MegaSeveN,"I'm really not one for these exploration games as I tend to find them rather dull. That's most likely because I don't care much for the story they're trying to tell. Gone Home however quickly got my attention and never let go. Maybe it's the nostalgia for the '90s, maybe it's the excellent writing with a very human character, or maybe it's the fact that the game isn't too big or too long. Or perhaps it's a combination of everything. Either way, I thoroughly enjoyed my time with this game and can't wait to see what's next from the developers.As much as I loved it, the price is a bit steep for what amounts to a 2.5 hour game. So buy it... but maybe wait for a sale."
,Recommended,232430,227765,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Gregory Hawke,"Play this game. To say anymore about it would ruin it. While it is only about 3-4 hours, this is a quality vs qauntity argument. Plus, if you have any love of old PC adventure games, particularly Myst or old FMV style adventures, then the basic design of the interactions  is a love letter to you."
76561197971294768,Recommended,232430,508088,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Roxy,"A truly touching story.  If this is the direction that gaming is going, I can't wait to see what's next."
,Recommended,232430,4847245,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,MORE THAN MEETS THE BI,"An engaging piece of narrative fiction that plays with your expectations and scratches the ""must obsessively click on every bit of paper and open every drawer"" itch. Do yourself a favor and check this out!"
,Recommended,232430,73748,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Arson Welles,"You've probably never played anything like Gone Home, so that's all the reason you need to buy it and experience it.  In this game, you rifle through your family's possesions, and multiple personal stories unfold."
,Recommended,232430,10775177,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,EUGENE V. DABS,I got the dog ending 5/5 10/10 GOTY
,Recommended,232430,10743665,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Chronic Cross,"Bought this game on the Steam Summer Sale for $3 and I have to say, I am impressed. This game is very story and mystery driven. No action other than the weather outside the house (spoiler?). To me the adventure was bassically and interactive movie. Movie ticket prices are like anywhere from $5-$10 now-a-days so I could see spending that on this game. $20 is kinda step for only ~2-3 hours of entertainment but for the sale price I would buy the game just for the experience. Some reviewers said that the story was lacking and unapealing; I on the other hand beileve that the story was told in a way that you had to discover it. All In all I recommend this game IF it is on sale. I enjoyed it but I probably wouldn't have if I got it for full price."
76561198054307153,Recommended,232430,7852004,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,kreft,"great game with a lot of atmosphere but much too short (especially for 18,99€)buy it only during sales"
,Recommended,232430,10698615,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Creme de la Creme Milf,"A very touching tail about a sister coming home to an empty house, and snooping around her sister's stuff. I can't spoil it for you but there are no monsters that pop out at you, just feels."
,Recommended,232430,10698977,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,gurizuri,"Absolutely one of the most amazing PC Games I've ever played. It sucked me in and held my attention long after the game was over. Touching, intriguing, and mysterious- a phenomenal game."
,Recommended,232430,10682161,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Boogaloo Shrimp,"Being a massive fan of this kind of game, having jotted down a few ideas of my own for future creation, this has creeped into my favourites! It's something so simple, yet so full. The art, the interactions, the sound, the story, the feel are all there, just what this kind of experience game needs.11/10If you liked Dear Esther, there's no reason you wouldn't like this."
,Recommended,232430,10685284,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,fertarbet,ITS GOOD.
76561198046744871,Recommended,232430,5233175,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,ImaginaryRain,"This game has a beautiful story. It's well written... but very short! I love it, though. It's 100% worth playing."
76561198095748234,Recommended,232430,10685979,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,RandomzJake,"I enjoyed the game. It was a bit overpriced, but great to get on sale. It focuses more on the story then gameplay so don't expect any rough battles or chase scenes. It is a calming game, nothing scary, nothing going to kill you. Just a little exploration."
,Recommended,232430,10688440,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,sailorpanda,"I LOVE this game! I wasn't sure what I would think about this game but it blew me away. Great story and visuals, can't say enough for how great this game is."
,Recommended,232430,10688674,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,bayj613,"""one of the greatest indie games i have ever played"" 9.4/10"
,Recommended,232430,10688824,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,YouDeadMeHappy,"This game is incredibly unique as it tells the story of the Greenbriar family. You play as the eldest daughter, Katie, who upon returning to her new home finds her family no where to be found. The story unfolds as you explore the new home and find notes, tapes, and other clues scattered throughout the home. The story is great, and while short, it definitely does an amazing job building the characters and bringing the story full circle. If you have 2-3 hours and love slice of life tales give this a whirl."
,Recommended,232430,10691176,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ωιят △,"Desite it's short lenght this is one of the most moving, and hearthtouching game I've played. 10/10 will reccomend."
76561198048430180,Recommended,232430,10691858,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,marshmallow_bandito,Give it a try if you like story driven games.  Really short but definitely worth it.
,Recommended,232430,10692052,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,RunningOmega,"Gone Home is one of those select few indie games that truly makes you think about what gaming can be. This game illustrates a narrative that allows you to discover what's happening, rather than it being blantantly told to you. Gone Home gives the player a sense of mystery and discovery as you progress through the game, and gives you a sense of enlightenment once you've reached the resolution of its journey. If you are a fan of narratives, mystery, or story telling then this is a must have game."
,Recommended,232430,259021,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Caseman,"This game is a beautifully crafted example of storytelling through environmental design. Everything about it is wonderful, and is definitely worth the couple of hours to play through."
76561198047550516,Recommended,232430,10752915,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,LucianoMadam,"Wow, that was simply beautiful. If you enjoy playing the same old ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ over and over again, don't get this wonderfully inventive gaming experience."
,Not Recommended,232430,2769484,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,StanTheman,SUCKEDONLY BUY IF YOU WANT TO NOT INTERACT WITH A ROOM AND LISTEN TO TEENAGERS WHINE
76561197971437128,Recommended,232430,19467479,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Presstatin,Short and bit strange. Not bad.If you a nosey person you will really like it.Music is bad though. ;)buy if its a few bucks...
,Recommended,232430,1443616,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,ⱴ,"This is a really good game. Very well executed, the story is beautiful, but I don't think it's worth $20. I literally finished this game in 2 hours and there is no replayability."
76561198140753177,Recommended,232430,19517035,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Dwight Schrute,"I like the premise of this game and it could be really neat. However, after only about 30 minutes of play time I beat the game on my first playthrough. In reality I must have found something and I got lucky that it was a short game for me. Not everyone will find this secret and will end up playing a lot longer."
,Recommended,232430,19449027,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,OP,"Yknow, it's worth a play, but only on sale. There are too many plotholes and not enough knots tied at the end. I've read some of the theories as to what happened in this house, and while I agree with a few of them, I don't see the connection within the text of the game, there's just too much of a leap for most conclusions. I don't know, I felt very unresolved in this game, so I would say, try it, it's definitely interesting in the interactive fiction side of things, but you have to do your homework. That's something I loved about this, is you almost have to really dig into dates and things in order to understand what's happening. You owe it to yourself to invest more than just reading the letters.Pros:-Decent story-scary as all get out (don't pick up the crucifix, you will pee your pants).-Soundtrack is great and thrillingCons:-Lack of closure-I can neither run nor look quick enough, which made me really frustrated."
,Recommended,232430,19431151,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Dont,"worth the play, but its not what you think it is."
,Recommended,232430,19445631,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,美少女Ｓａｉｌｏｒ Ｖ,"Of course she'd be a hip Streat Fighter II playing lesbian, what else would horror game designers imagine the perfect girl to be? Anyway, it's pretty cozy. The storytelling through visuals is great."
,Recommended,232430,19452213,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Portly McFatter,"Interesting game about finding out what happened to your family. Reminiscent of exploring Ryu Hazuki's house in Shenmue. Incredibly atmospheric and captivating. Go in looking for story, not action. It only takes a couple of hours to beat, and you probably won't replay it."
76561197971305708,Recommended,232430,19443267,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,{ROK} ninjax6792,"A simple narration told in from a first person perspective, Gone Home offers a pleasent escape from typical adventure games. Finished my first playthrough in just two hours or so, and thought that the story unfolded in a way that really drove exploration and the backstory itself forward. Would recommend."
,Recommended,232430,7480153,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Bajlk,"I was transported to a home I’d never visited, but that felt achingly familiar!"
76561198035170550,Not Recommended,232430,19543281,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,hafizrashidi,"The eerie atmosphere of the house is well done and is probsbly the best part of the game.Interesting way to tell a story.. but the story itself really wasnt that interesting. Almost abandoned the game halfway..Overall, very disappointed since i was expecting much more based on the high reviews from critics. Luckily i got it for relatively cheap."
76561197973906429,Recommended,232430,8056257,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Adrenaline Rush,Interactive storytelling brilliance that hits you in the feels.
76561198077525778,Recommended,232430,8056442,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Alyxxx,Brilliant game - can probably be done in one sitting although I did it in two.. Reminds me of the old style Mist!!! Thoroughly reccomend - great fora rainy day!
,Recommended,232430,1215108,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Sharia Coke,Incredible experience. There's nothing else like it.
,Recommended,232430,1708720,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,jm,"The less you know about this going into it, the better. Just believe me when I say that it is *definitely* worth a play."
76561197968329361,Recommended,232430,7708424,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Ghost Requiem,"It's alright.Gone Home is like a well written short story, an enjoyable snack but leaves one wanting for more substance.What's there is well done, most objects in the game can be picked up and rotated sometimes revealing little snapshots of the kind of life the people of the house live. The game manages to give characters depth without actually having any visible characters outside of pictures here and there.The entire house is a time capsule with the game leading the player gently at first and by the nose with a shotgun in the other hand towards the end. The pacing is a bit jarring.The story is well told however the big revelations may not have their intended impact in this day and age though many of the topics brought up are infinitely relatable.If it's a light and enjoyable experience you're looking for, Gone Home fits the bill. Those wanting a heartier bite should look elsewhere."
,Recommended,232430,7659963,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,QUEUE,This is one of the greatest games i have ever had the pleasure of playing.Story is fantastic.Atmosphere is perfect.No glitches.Simple controls.Perfect options menu.I would reccomend this game to anyone who respects story as much a gameplay.
,Recommended,232430,8146866,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,ultranurd,"It is hard to call this great piece of interactive fiction a game, but it is an experience well worth the two hours or so it takes to play through. A lazy criticism would be that it is ""too linear"", since there is pretty much only one path to progress, but you can spend as much time as you want exploring the empty house and all of its cultural artifacts. Beyond the primary plot of an adolescent love story, these are what make the game great - there are tons of '90s nostalgia references (though I was unaware of riot grrl as a genre/movement until very recently). I also find myself wanting to read the father's trashy sci-fi thriller novel series. I would strongly recommend exploring every item in every room.The setting is slightly spooky, which helped make the development of the plot unexpected at a few points. I also played with a self-imposed rule where I turned off the lights and closed the doors as I left each room.There is some talk of Gone Home winning ""Game of the Year"" awards, and I could support that. If you had any doubt that games are art, this should change your mind."
76561198035253035,Recommended,232430,8147165,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,36arthur,"I don't understand all of the hype of this game.  It does have a good story but I finished it in less that 1h and 40 minutes.  After that, you are done, there is no reason to replay it.  Seems a little expensive for a such a short game.  I still think people should give it a try, just don't expect to spend a lot of time on it.   If you can, wait for a sale -   I got it for $10 and I still feel like it was too short for the price."
,Recommended,232430,8155394,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Phylodox,"Thisisa game, no matter what anyone else says, and it's an amazing one at that. It's thoughtful, mature, and emotional in a way that more games should strive to emulate. The story is simple, yet compelling. Just know going in that there are no enemies or puzzles or anything, it'sonlyabout exploring a house and uncovering the secrets of a family that's probably a lot like your own."
76561198025515297,Recommended,232430,7515344,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Jibb_Jibbers_Buttkiss,I'm in shock
,Recommended,232430,8151816,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,[bd]tehMati,"It's good.  Different, but good.  I was expecting something creepy and scary, and what I got was something relaxing and touching.  It made me smile, and sniffle just a bit."
,Recommended,232430,8133418,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,SAWRLACC,"Even after this game was hyped up beyond belief and with the enormously high expectations I had going into Gone Home, I can confidently say that this is not only my favorite game of this year but quite possibly of all time.  The ominous feeling that you shouldn't be in the house, only magnifies as this masterfully crafted story unfolds right in front of your eyes.  As I walked towards the games finale, like a moth to a flame, my heart began to race faster and faster.  Not from fear, but from an intense feeling I can only describe as mellon collie exuberance.  I understand those two words shouldn't go together but I emplore you to download Gone Home so that you too can experience what I would consider to be the most enthralling narrative experience I have ever had, not only in a video game but any medium."
76561198038593298,Recommended,232430,4529829,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,소주CRAFT,Brilliant storytelling in a manner only the Fullbright Company can execute.
,Recommended,232430,1934691,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,boy,"I never really write ANYTHING serious on the internet, but for a few minutes I want you to ignore my loli-loving and otaku-pandering.Gone Home is one of the most amazing games I have ever played. While it is not much of a ""game"" per say, it is certainly an amazing experience that you're only cheating yourself out of if you aren't willing to lay down the $18 to get this game.Never before has any game, or any medium for that matter, made me care so much about characters that I never met or interacted with in any way whatsoever. The way the house is laid out, from it's unnevering atmosphere, to it's incredibly realistic portrayal of a suburban home and the issues it's inhabitants face, to it's secrets and metaphors that you really have to look for to discover; everything works together incredibly and creates something truly magical.I don't want to say anything else, if I did I could risk ruining what is one of the most beautifully crafted stories I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing.Please, go buy this game, support the developer, and help make more games like this possible."
76561198044635529,Recommended,232430,7801923,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,MrBuzzsaw,"Gone Home is the first game I've bothered writing down a review for 10/10 while a bit taxing on any computer system it scared me, warmed my heart, mad me sad, and made my skin crawl if you like mystery with a dash of spooky this is the game for you."
76561197991976358,Recommended,232430,8337395,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Saint`N`Sinner,"At first I had no idea what I was getting into but had been told it was a great game. I got it on sale (steam sales rule!) and immediately starting playing it. What I got out of it was completely unexpected. The game is able to pull at your heartstrings quite well with its emotionally powerful story. The voice acting is superb and I had a blast trying to find the next piece of information needed to advance the story. I highly recommend it. Yes the story is extremely plain and cliche, but I still enjoyed it. I guess I am weird in that I like to explore peoples houses and see the stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥they have. If you dont care about that and arent going to buy the game then let me say this:*SPOILER* lesbian love story. While you don't get to see anything, the mind is a beautiful thing...wink wink."
,Recommended,232430,7468377,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,SwazzPerkins,ME LIKE THIS GAME!
76561197971825130,Recommended,232430,539548,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Haapy,"A very interesting concept. I'm enjoying it so far. I wouldn't call it a game, as such, more like an electronic experience. I'd recommend it if you like to explore a space and assemble a story based on what you find."
,Recommended,232430,8382739,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Jabers,"IF you are just looking for a playable, rich narrative that involves a troubling teen through tough times.  Very thick narrative with a very emotionally touching ending for some.  LOOK If you are that type of person that likes a well rounded plot and a very touching realistic story then buy this game"
76561198010021695,Recommended,232430,7687440,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Squirrelknight,"Pretty interesting and unique game. Snooping Around in Someone's House Simulator 2013. Not much to do besides marvel at the high-res textures and try to piece together the lives of your family and where they are now based on clues you find from objects around the house. Occasionally you find items that trigger narrative events, amateur mix tapes (it's set in the 90s) and other secrets. There are no demons to murder, no objectives to satisfy, and no time limits to worry about. It does nevertheless have a quality of depth rarely seen in video gaming, and it's definitely worth a shot if it sounds even a little interesting to you. Depending on how enthused you are about the idea, you might want to wait on a sale because there isn't much replay value here."
,Recommended,232430,1084357,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Lucifer,Very moving game. I cannot recommend this enough!
76561198105065756,Recommended,232430,8698126,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,genchinstone,o;7v89ghhjynh890bgv thats how i felt after beating this game
76561198055033401,Recommended,232430,8280747,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,LordyRankins,just get it already c;
,Recommended,232430,8281789,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Br0chure,"Easily one of the best games i've played of 2013. It's not for everyone, but if you were a fan of say Dear Esther, this will be right up your alley. It's not so much a game, but rather a first person storytelling adventure. You have to let the atmosphere grab hold of you, and focus your attention to every detail that the developers made very much the focal point. And above all; patience is key. This is not a sprint through to the finish kind of game. There are no monsters, alleys, any A.I. at all. You are literally alone, but somehow this eerie house will have you checking your back numerous times as if someone is there...All in all, if you can take the time to take in the story, it is a beautiful one that could definitely be written as a short novel. I would love to see more games like this. 10/10"
76561198027056151,Recommended,232430,8282222,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,zoethor2,"I really enjoyed Gone Home, though it is definitely better described as an immersive story than a typical game.  You spend the game exploring a house, your parents' house that you've just come home to find empty.  As you unlock segments of the house to look through, you start to uncover the story, discovering where your younger sister is and what she's doing through a series of notes and clues.It is a quick game - I played through it in about an hour and forty-five minutes.  I picked it up for less than $5 on a sale; I would definitely not pay $20 for it; it's just too short and not very replayable.It's also built on the same game engine as Amnesia, so I spent the whole game turning on lights, closing doors behind me, and leaving strategic closets available as hiding places."
76561198070974015,Recommended,232430,8283286,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,joshben19,Gone Home is perfect impeciable sab tragick with a ending that will leave you crying I love Gone Home with all my heart it is by far the best game not just of this year that is under cutting it it is the best game ever. and it give's me hope not just for the futer of video games but the futer of entertainment.
,Recommended,232430,8330774,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Grim,"Gone Home is a casual game that leads you through a set of small quests while keeping you on the edge of your seat. As you go through what can only be described as an eery house that your family has begun to live in, you begin to unravel the disappearance of your sister. It will consistently give you the thrill of a horror game due to the way it is built and the sounds made by the environment, but there is truly no danger in this simple mystery. The positives to this game are the smooth transition of the story, quickly solved puzzles within the house and easy controls. The only negatives are some people have issues starting the game due to the developers not setting up their folder links correctly, I was someone who had to handle that on my own and it was frustrating. It's truly a quick and beautiful game that can be completed in one sitting though and if you're looking for a quick play this is definitely a good one to try."
,Recommended,232430,8331096,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Erikist,oh dear oh my this game is soemthing else.
76561197991044520,Recommended,232430,8331577,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,xandertron,Game of the year. A masterpiece.
,Recommended,232430,60475,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Christophercles,"Probably my GOTY at the moment. We've had great games this year, but I'm not sure something has come along this affecting."
,Recommended,232430,8332812,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,HypoLuxa13,"Despite being VERY VERY VERY VERY short, it is interesting and unique I suppose. I do however feel a bit ripped off that I payed full price for it rather than wait for it to come up on sale. Seriously, NOT worth $20 at all for a less than 2 hour game. But if you want to check it out, it is definitely worth paying a few bucks for."
76561198015143378,Recommended,232430,8333231,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Surieal,"So this game only took me about and hour and a half to finish, but don't let that fool you. The reason it was so quick I think, was because I wanted to know what happened in this engrossing story they put in front of you. This game is super casual, there are no monsters, there is no danger or level ups but you will still want to play. It's like you are playing through a short film. I don't want to ruin any plot points, you should discover them on your own just as I did.I'm sure there are things that I missed and I plan on going back in soon, exploring some more about the side stories that aren't revealed and read to you when you find something. Other things are much more subtle, and you had to put the pieces together on your own. I want to find the rest of that, I want to know everything about this family now.If you are looking for something casual to do for the afternoon, pick this up. It's well worth what you will pay for it, and I fully support this developer and hope they do some more like this."
76561197970998178,Recommended,232430,8333659,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Greenthorne1967,"While playing 'Gone Home' I actually cared about the story. It hooked me just as books once did before the rise of the first person shooter. I haven't so badly wanted to get back from work to return to a game since the first Bioshock.'Gone Home' has no violence and it is short, It's more like a very good mystery movie where you care about the characters you don't see."
,Recommended,232430,8334815,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,HyF Jijub,"So you bought this on a whim right?.....well you wont be disappointed! If you like games like portal, stanleys parable, outlast and antichamber then you will love this believe me...i played this all through on a stormy windy night and it captivated me! full of suspense, fear, revelations, and clues. 10/10."
,Recommended,232430,866123,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,MrCK,"Just buy it already, seriously. It's wonderful."
76561198086162694,Recommended,232430,8336255,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ATSgeoff,"Very good game, there is something that feels very sinister all the way through like you are just waiting for something freaky to happen.......does it? you'll have to find out. Great story line and mystery, I'd love to wipe my mind of it so I can play it through again and enjoy it just as much"
,Recommended,232430,8336281,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Ioik,"Had me hooked from start to finish.- 90's nostalgia- Great music- Amusing short stories hidden around to read- Secret passage ways- Fantastic atmosphere- Family drama- An intriguing plotOnly downside is the shortness but for £5 on sale it's all good. That criticism is purely for the fact I enjoyed this game so much I wanted more. Definitly worth a play through, I've already recommended it to all of my friends."
76561198023276214,Not Recommended,232430,8336376,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,etir,"The game is very depressing, very short but goes quite deep into half of the story, mostly focused on Katie's younger sister Sam. The parent's story however is very breif, and quite dissapointing. It took me between 2-3 hours to finish the game, and it left me feeling sad, and dissapointed. I wanted some substance to the story, but I got none."
,Recommended,232430,8336500,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Heidric,"I wanted to write so much about this (stunning) game, but as I began to recall my (immersive) experience to process it into words, I was once again overwhelmed by what this game(gosh, I can't call it a game - it's a poem!) brings upon you. It tells us a story that, perhaps, happened in real life - who knows? and still can happen today in countries, where equality and tolerance are still a meaningless words. A story of love and of misunderstanding. Still, it leaves a room for a good ending for everyone in a future.I am deeply grateful to The Fullbright Company for this masterpiece they brought to us. Keep up the good work!"
76561197984162651,Recommended,232430,8336727,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,dh_KaySchwiss,Awesome game for anyone who can appreciate a well thought out emotional story.
,Recommended,232430,8336929,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Mazuko,"I finished the game in a short period of time.  Honestly, it has a pretty well written story that sucks you in and changes as it progresses.  Is it worth the full price? Maybe not for it's short game play time.  However, it is well animated and has it's moments of puzzling as you try to figure out what happened to your sister Sam.  All in a ll a good game, but quite short, and all about the story line.  Buy it, but at a big discount.  You will not be disappointed if you do."
76561198077694766,Recommended,232430,8337238,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,aqouli,The kind of game you'd show someone who's never played a game in their life.
76561197972655512,Recommended,232430,8337649,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Jesus Christ,"I'm only a few minutes into the game and I'm completely fascinated.  The ""story"" is one of discovery--of wandering the new home of the protagonist's parents and trying to decipher exactly what has happened and why everyone is missing.  If you are looking for atmosphere and a slow, careful, moody pace, then this is the game to get; if you're looking for guns and ninjas nonsense (which I'm also a fan of), then you'll want to go somewhere else.  Highly recommended for people who are willing to take their time with a story."
76561198067152022,Recommended,232430,8338633,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,white_list_2,the game is very good
76561197983489845,Recommended,232430,8338782,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Blackos,Short but nice !
76561198007510946,Recommended,232430,8339030,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Devonty,"Not so much a game, more like an experience.I would say it is a bit short on content for the full price at the moment, but since I got it at 66% off, it was really worth it.I really hope this company works on more games like this, it was quite an interesting experience indeed."
76561198008590714,Recommended,232430,8365287,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ssander,A good story but a rather short game;  would recommend for all gamers who love indie adventures
76561198098383899,Recommended,232430,8365585,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Pre Vizsla,"Gone Home is perfect, its only 1,5 to 2 hours long but its on of these games that make you really feel that they deserved your money, BUY IT it made me a better person myself than any game.Instead of spending 60$ on a bag game spend 10$ on a flawless masterpiece"
,Recommended,232430,8365925,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,CukyDoh,"Way too short for full price, so glad I managed to grab this in the sale. Was a really nicely crafted experience! :)"
,Recommended,232430,8366778,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,finnSquared,A wonderful experience. The total gameplay I put in was about 2 hours which just flew by. The story that you uncover while exploring the house is a heart-warming and insightful one. Well worth the $10.
,Recommended,232430,8366857,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,mediaright,"A short, but heartbreaking/warming story-in-a-game. No big puzzles or mechanics. You're just trying to figure out what the hell happened, and you'll get the feels for sure."
,Recommended,232430,8345341,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Suaimhneas,Someone get Bioware to play this and tell them that THIS is how you do a romance in a videogame.That was beautiful.
,Recommended,232430,8346057,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Emma Thotson,"Gone Home lets you uncover its story for yourself, at your own pace. It shows how games can have the impact of a AAA movie with the interactiviy of video games. Buy it, you will never regret it."
,Recommended,232430,8346069,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,KnightRath,"Casual Story based game.  Something to do if you re bored, want to chillax, and see what happens.  Or, you could just go on youtube and watch someone else play it - but what's the fun in that!?"
,Recommended,232430,8346309,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Scruggsster,"Not what I was expecting, and that was quite welcome.  Story was deep enough I was trying to guess the angles. Sure you see where it is going because they let you, BUT the story misleads you JUST enough to keep you second guessing up until the very end.  Very poignant and impressively executed in a game medium."
,Recommended,232430,8346386,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Poperica,"So while on a bit of the short side, it is an excellent story. Setting it in the past, it helps aid in the controversy surrounding Sam and her character. While a worthwhile purchase, I would never pay a full $20 for it. If you can, get it while on sale. If you enjoy games like Stanley Parable or Dear Esther (being more like the latter except not pretentious as all hell), than this will be an enjoyable experience. Warning: You might cry like a little girl after playing this if you ever went through a similar situation. Gone  Home hits close to home for me (no pun intended) and to those that it doesn't, it is still a fantastic story. 7/10"
76561198025681405,Recommended,232430,8346513,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,DieMatratze,"It would be easy to sellGone Homelike a snooty indie darling. ""It has no guns! It has no combat! No cutscenes! No scantily-clad women!"" To do that, however, would not only insult the (very good!) games that happen to have those things, but it would also be a detriment to whatGone Homeactually has: a close, personal narrative, revealed entirely by the player's own curiosity.Ok, I guess I sold it like a snooty indie darling anyway. But you know what? Snootiness is in the mind's eye, andGone Homeis entirely deserving of the title ""indie darling"" regardless."
,Recommended,232430,8346786,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Marvelus.be,"I started playinh this game and only stopped when I found out what had actually happened! This is a real gem. You start at the doorstep of your home and find out nobody is in. By exploring the house you find out what happened.This is an interactive movie, storytelling at it's best!"
76561197998366193,Recommended,232430,8346894,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Nighthawk365,"Amazing story development, great music choices and an amazing ending that kept me guessing. 10/10"
76561197993666657,Recommended,232430,8347009,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Obstacle-Man,really enjoyed the experiance
76561197971185229,Recommended,232430,8347475,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Martiebum,This game is amazing...
,Recommended,232430,8347591,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Scruff,"What an astonishing, unique way to take me on an incredibly personal journey with no on-screen characters. The game narrates by ""journals"" from the main character's sister, which are read aloud in the sister's voice with the sister's tone, and that, truly, is where the game gets you. It's bits of story separated by multiple minutes of exploration in which you come to draw your own conclusions about what is going on, and wait for the next chapter.For me, personally, I've never played a game that makes me *feel* much of anything, until this."
,Recommended,232430,8347703,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Locke Taelos,"I got the game on sale for $6.79.   I have played the game for two and a half hours, although I believe half of that hour was idle while I was chowing down on some delicious ham.   I will tell you this...if I paid 20 bucks for it, I'd probably be upset.  Being that it was under 10, I was more than entertained.  It was fantastic.The premise is that you are a girl that returns to a large, spooky home after an overseas trip where you studied abroad.  No one is home.  It's a dark and stormy night. You hear cracks of thunder.  Occasionally a lightbulb might go out on you. And you are aaaaaall alone.  Except for bits and pieces of journey entries you get from your sister Susan who is voice acted.There are rumors that the house is haunted.  And so the premise builds that something wrong happened to your family.But did it?And that's the whole gist of the story.  You playing inspector detector to try to gain insight on what happened while you were gone. Oh and it takes place in the 90s.  Which oddly enough...I grew up in the 90s so I remembered a crap ton of the references.This game is not a Slender Man game. You're not running around with your heart pounding afraid of what might jump and gobble you up from behind. It's a story about discovery and understanding. It tugs on the emotional heart strings.  It's not going to be a game for everyone.  But it's fascinating in that it focuses on story and that is literally all there is.  And a few minor puzzles.Game gets my two thumbs up for making me feel something and entertaining me."
,Recommended,232430,8348523,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Eric Gramond,Touching.
,Recommended,232430,8348588,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Gorphan,"A weird, indie look inside a year in the life of a family, from the perspective of a member of the family who has been abroad for a year, Gone Home is not so much a game as an interactive narrative experience, absorbed through examining found objects throughout an old-world home. Rich with detail, with great use of sound, Gone Home is one of the best games of 2013."
76561198104574993,Recommended,232430,8348737,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Palmerama,Very well written storyline and gets you hooked but relatively short to complete.
76561198040733741,Recommended,232430,8349551,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,JonseyMcDanes,NOTE: I RAMBLE AND THIS GAME ISN'T FOR EVERYONE.-------This should be a book and if it is i couldn't find it in my research but with that aside it takes the player on a story stepping out of the normal bounds of media and although it is given in a way that seemed minimalistic I understand that is necessesary because the average player wouldn't read a whole book in the game. I would recomend this to those who enjoy reading and arn't the adhd shooter fans that seem to populate the gaming world. All in all it was a good game that isn't for everyone but is was for me although if you're a packrat looter in the fallout franchise you'll finish the game in 2-3 hours so take that into account and yes i read everything and looked at literally everything.
,Recommended,232430,8349724,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,PotatoChamp,"I dont think this game should cost 20 bucks i mean 10 is alright but 20 cmon, other than that this game is beautiful and has a well story worth the 6 dollar christmas sale."
,Recommended,232430,7466947,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,RED STATIC,"Gone Home might be an experience that not every single gamer ever will enjoy or appreciate, but I feel like it is another important notch in the belt of that on-going conversation about art and games.There really isn't another other interactive experience that delivers plot, background and emotional environment on quite so many levels at the same time as games can.If you liked Dear Esther, FATALE or The Stanely Parable you'll be very comfortable with Gone Home. Take your time. Turn the lights down and the sound up."
76561198006836210,Recommended,232430,8349915,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Draconis,"This is a brillaint (though short) game that really showcases how to tell a story in games without needing a whole lot of action to tie the experience together. If you enjoy games that really story focused, it doesn't get much better than this. If you're looking for arcade type experience in terms of gameplay, you'll want to give this a pass."
,Recommended,232430,8350342,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Pickle Tony Robbins,"This is definitely an awesome game, as far as the story it tells. If you're a person that flies through games and can't take the time to read and enjoy all of the little things, then this game isn't for you. This game is in my opinion a way of playing out a novel, with a mixtue of light and dark themes. I would give it an 7/10, would have been great if it was longer while keeping the spectacular story telling."
76561198014836751,Recommended,232430,8350494,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,lucasdgc,A superb storytelling experiment.
,Recommended,232430,1714625,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Chaser324,"A wholly unique storytelling experience that succeeds in evoking empathy and emotion on a level that is matched by few stories in any medium. I know it sounds hyperbolic, but I really mean it. This is one of those game changers that elevates the video game medium and changes your expectations about the types of stories and experiences that you can have in that space. Where 'Dear Esther' might have overreached a bit and fallen short, this game succeeds. If 'Dear Esther' was the gaming equivalent of a sonnet, 'Gone Home' is its coming of age novel. PLAY IT!"
,Recommended,232430,8351082,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Baconator,"Simple and very touching. It isn't a puzzle game, it isn't a horror game, in fact I'd be shy of even describing it as a 'game', this is moreover an experience.An experience I enjoyed emmensely, the development team have crafted something unique to be savoured (or devoured like a good mystery novel). The premise is tastefully realised and the means by which the story is told are creative and realistic. It's the closest anything I've played has come to 'emmersive'.I am surprised to see the reviews from the community have been somewhat negative. I would have expected people to appreciate it for what it acheives and makes of the player. And I suppose it isn't the type of content which becomes instantly popular, a far cry from Far Cry (lol ha go me woohoo so funny yay) or Halo or even Bio Shock. It won't be to everyone's taste, but what is indisputable is that for what it is, essentially a story of youth, teenage turbulance and the inner darknesses of family-life, it is brilliantly realised. Ahright so buy it or whatever i dunoo sup to u cool bye."
,Recommended,232430,8351314,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Alias,"A defining game in the interactive adventure genre that pushes it forward to new heights. With an incredible attention to detail, engrossing story, and approriate length; this game captures you and doesn't let go until its wrung out every last bit of emotion. The narrative is grounded, yet potent and realizes itself like a puzzle, a method of storytelling that truly captures the spirit of the medium, despite an apparent lack of gameplay investment.The game does become steadily more linear as you progress, but that does not make the journey of finishing the puzzle any less fufilling and is only a source of encouragement to find where those last few pieces fit. This is not a game for those looking for involved gameplay or the kind of storytelling you expect from a movie or triple A title.Best of all, the story doesn't fall prey to storytelling tropes or the worn out conventions that have plagued the industry in recent years. Gone Home isn't perfect, but it's a unique experience that everyone should at least be aware of."
76561197964458807,Recommended,232430,8351668,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Brock Kane,Interesting story.  Kept me playing til I finished it.  Nice change of pace from running and gunning all the time.
,Recommended,232430,8352847,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Ben the Mann,"I liked the game, unlike the majority of people here. It's true, it is short and has no puzzles, but the game is fun for the hour and a half it lasts.I bought it on sale for about 6 dollars; however, I only feel like I got my money's worth because it was on sale, so I suggest you wait til it is on sale before buying it."
76561198069894224,Recommended,232430,8352877,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,km_md60,"Gone home is a game but isn't really traditional game. It's more like point and click mystery game that require a bit of observation and a lot of reading. If you're livinf under a rock this year then this is a warning - this is no horror game.I think Gone home is a well-crafted stories about life and love. You can feel that the story is more importane to the developer than the actual gameplay. Graphic, sound, and setting of the house are meant to evoke your emotion and they do deliver.It's hard to write a review without adding spoiler and you definitely don't want spoiler for this one. I think it's a short, well-made game with touching love story.8/10"
,Recommended,232430,8352947,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,♛ King Mammal |Duh|,"Great experience but very short. While you get enough about all of the other characters, there is no substance whatsoever to yours, which is disappointing to say the least. Buy it, but don't pay more than $10."
,Recommended,232430,8352948,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,quoa,"If you like rummaging through your family's belongings and 90's nostalgia, this game is for you. There is a certain irony in finding loose notes and letters on the floor, in drawers, taped to walls, and occasionally in folders, yet never ever organized in any of the plethora of binders strewn through the home that your delicate hands just cannot seem to operate. (Seriously, what's with all the 3-ring binders?).This game is a treat for those with inclinations of OCD as it brings the work to an entirely new level; collecting and sorting pens and pencils, putting all the dishes left around the house into the dishwasher, and searching for all the board games that really ought to be put together in one place are just some examples of how this game truly allows the player to enter a fantasy world outside of the realm of imagination. Bonus points awarded for those who recycle all the pop cans!"
,Recommended,232430,8353029,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Adiquiet,"I think that what this game needs is a free demo of some sort (a stanly parable like) so that people better understand what to expect of it. But as for me, the discription was good enough and I am actually glad I knew so little of the game when I purchased it, that way it totally succeded in catching my attention and emerging me In it's world. Yes the game is short, especially if you dash through it like it's a super meat boy, but It just diffirent, I never played any game that is even remotely like it, the level of immersion it managed to achieve can be compeared to reading a really good book sitting cozily by a fireplace. I would go as far as to call this game a predecessor of a new ganre, and it's not alone, there are games out there similar in a way to gone home, games that challenge the old paradigm of 'go there, kill that, get a powerup' and I think this is really important for gaming indusrty. Existance of games like gone home makes me say that I am a gamer with a lot more pride."
,Recommended,232430,8353110,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Solidusstu,"To call this a game is a little weird, no enemies apart from an excellent atmosphere that causes you to feel uneasy all the time, and no real puzzles that i have found so far apart from the mystery of what has happened it is a different experience to many and while it is on sale one i would recommend you try if you like to try something a little different and see what 'games' can be as a story telling medium."
76561198064427957,Recommended,232430,8353122,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Rhadaghast,Fantastic game. The atmosphere is electric from the word go. The story is amazing and being set in the early to mid 90s it is a nostalgia experience also. 95/100
,Recommended,232430,8353131,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,e1mo,"If u enjoyed games like Dear Esther or Proteus, u'll love this game too ;) ."
,Recommended,232430,8354197,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Bob (Original Meme),"This game follows a lesbian love story, with no rush, no jumpscares, no nothing. If you're looking for a game when you've got time on your hands and you like to play at your own pace, then this is a game to consider. Has a couple of laughs along the way too."
,Recommended,232430,8354433,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,FaintDeftone,"Gone Home is a rare title that transcends gaming into territory that is meaningful and heartfelt. There is no action, no flashy set pieces, little puzzle solving, and no level up system. The entire game consists of a simple premise that asks the player to simply explore and solve a mystery by moving at their own pace. When the game starts, it uses some mystery cliches to lead the player into thinking the story is heading into one direction while heading in a completely different direction when the true nature of the story unfolds. The more you explore, the more the story is unveiled to the player. By the game's end, I was presented with a very personal, thought-provoking narrative that accomplishes what many games do not -- actually making me feel something. This is a very short, but memorable game that actually uses objects within the environment to hook you in and make you care about what is happening. I played through the whole thing in one sitting and refused to stop until I got answers. Highly recommended."
76561197971742067,Recommended,232430,8330321,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Jesse,"I really loved this game, if only it was longer, I will much likely play it again!"
,Recommended,232430,7459879,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Lizzie B,"A really interesting way to tell a compelling story. No puzzles, no time limit, no dangers. Very well voice acted, visually beautiful, and narratively really wonderful. I bought it on sale and think it was worth the money even with its short (~2hr) length."
76561198069505376,Recommended,232430,6576967,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,E_bag17,"Love it, It almost feels like LA Noire. You have to solve puzzles and interact with the world and its objects. Plus with all that you have to put the peices together."
76561198007633209,Recommended,232430,7453575,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Leethus,"Gone Home is not a game in the traditional sense There's nothing to fight, and no challenges to overcome. It's a story. I finished it in about 2 hours, but it was well worth it. $20 is steep, but I picked it up on sale for $10, and I feel like that's a good price point for it.You play as a young woman who's just returned home after a year abroad. When you get back, the house is empty. You explore that house, and find out about the events that've occurred in your family's lives in your absence.If that sounds interesting, I highly recommend checking this game out. Saying anything more about it risks spoilers."
,Recommended,232430,7117722,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,benign tumor,"You are an older sister who returns home (from a year abroad in europe) to a new family home you have never been in before,and no one is home. You find out your younger sister is a  lesbian (not the hot kind) as she left little notes all around the damn house like some crazy OCD person for you to find! Cool GAME, but overall a  missed opprotunity to have a steamy lesbo sex scene."
,Recommended,232430,5249725,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,FreedomChains,"Finally a game that you can just explore and discover the unfolding plot. No puzzles that were just forced into the game and no reason to run around and shoot (or other violent act), I've only played for 2 hours so far, but it's been a good 2 hours."
,Not Recommended,232430,8195161,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mr Fox,"Do not download or play this game... it is a total waste of $10 bucks, was over in 30 mins, wasnt scary at all... basically total crap"
,Recommended,232430,2643617,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,MURKWURLDURL,"Just wrapped up this gem. Beyond brilliant. Definitely make sure you check out this game that will hopefully immerse you in the world of Sam + Lonnie, and help you better understand their story. B+."
,Recommended,232430,1671368,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,The Centipede,Play it.
,Recommended,232430,8455330,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,denyo7,Everbody should have played this game!!!
76561198065398316,Recommended,232430,6396780,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Fruit Prom,"Really amazing. If you are not sure what it is like to go through being a gay teen, this perfectly encapulsates it."
,Recommended,232430,8462635,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Jammin,This is one of the more unique experiences in gaming. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,232430,7470423,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Digital Demon,a beautiful story
,Recommended,232430,631657,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,eat_more_bees,This game is beautiful. It will make you have feelings. You should very seriously consider playing it.
76561198003060994,Recommended,232430,2149473,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,creepytomato,It's a very quiet and intriguing.  Definitely recommended if what's written on the store page for the game interests you.
,Recommended,232430,7545968,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,pretendbeard,"Sorry, The Last of Us. I think I have a new favourite game for 2013..."
,Recommended,232430,949496,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Pete Campbell,"A very interesting and intelligent game where you return from holiday to find your house empty of your family. Piece together the story of the family and your little sister's identity from scraps and clues lying around the house. Deals with themes of female identity, coming of age, family relationships and rebellion very powerfully. Kept sending shivers down my spine."
76561198036232131,Recommended,232430,4382117,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Capt. Retracto,Never before have I experienced a game that has had such an emotional impact on me.
,Recommended,232430,1663161,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,BABY.T.,"A beautiful narrative of someone trying to unweave the intricate tales that took place long before she even took a step into the house. Well paced and accompanied by fantastic voice-acting. If you are a fan of pure story driven games, this is a title for you."
,Recommended,232430,7205576,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Kanna Best Loli,This game gives me Dem feels ;-; GET IT NOW
,Recommended,232430,692000,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,liminal18,"Ok so about 2 hours for the first storyline, have not even attempted the second ones yet. All in all I love the way it confines story to events in the game, it's all about the details. Gone Home is a focused study in narrative and fps: it's creepy at first but by the time you finish the initial storyline you'll be so used to the house that the solitude won't scare you. Reading in this manor is strangely pleasurable and really a lot of fun. All in all a great story especially for fans of Radiator or... sigh... Dear Esther... I think Radiator fans will like it more. Excellent and exceedingly short drama about a coming age sexuality with a psycho trying to come back from the dead thrown in. If you liked the Radiator mods for Source buy this game now."
,Recommended,232430,7853952,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Mr_Zucchini,A true testament to the power of storytelling in gameplay
,Recommended,232430,7513368,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,project_matthex,"It's games like this that keep me interested in indie games. Very unconventional, very good.After spending some time abroad in Europe, you come back home to your family. Or have you? while you were away, your family has moved into a new home. Fortunately, they told you about that, so you new which house to ""go back"" to. Unfortunately, the house is completely empty when you arrive. As you walk through your home that you've never been in before, you find letters, memos, and other things to help you piece together what hasbeen going on with your family while you've been away."
76561198109384579,Recommended,232430,8380534,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,MasterGimmick792,"Gone Home is a rather straightforward game but it feels, looks, and plays pretty well, this is one of those kind of games that really will get you stuck in a certain part of the game, so i think that you should play it for a while to get used to it, in my opinion it was worth the money, but it was pretty friggin' confusing, becuase you'll never know where to go, it also has a bit of emotion to it, the only problem there is that it doesn't get across very well."
,Recommended,232430,343813,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Harlo,"A beautiful interactive experience. Is it a game? I don't know. I don't care. You couldn't experience the emotional connection in the same fashion in any other format so that arguement is invalid. If you were intrigued by the likes of Dear Esther but you're perhaps a thirty something resident of the United States, this may strike a bit closer to home."
,Recommended,232430,8277444,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,YesImThoed,"First recommendation i  have done and for a good reason. Gone Home is not a game, it is an experience that is unmatched. If you have 2 hours to enjoy this, please do so, you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,232430,8967228,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,ME7ROPOLIS,"Gone Home isn't exactly what I would call a game, but to even pretend like it isn't worth your time anywya would be a loss to you of one of the most well realized and layered story (or stories, really) in video games. While the game fits into the category games like Dear Esther reside in, Gone Home take it further by letting you interact with the various mementos of a family you have left, and have come home to find maybe you didn't know them as well as you thought. The story primarily focuses on your sister, Sam, and her troubles through puberty and first love, and all of the incomprehensible isolation that goes with it. The  game cuts deep, and anyone who had a less than perfect upbringing (or at least childhood) mcan realte to many of the things that are depicted. You read the various notes, letters, tickets, brouchures, calender dates, and tickets that your family has left behind in their new home. Your father is going through a great deal (and even more when you look up who Oscar is, which I recommend you look up after completing the game), and your mother doesn't understand it, and begins to have her own conflicts. Your sister, dealing with her own problems, seems oblivious to this in all of her letters. You watch these people grow up, even though you weren't there for it, and in a crystalizing moment you feel yourself grow up. You aren't taking a fun, youthful trip across europe anymore, you've come home from the dream, the fantasy. You see what it all has boiled down to, and it's at the same time beautiful and ugly, wonderful and sad, loving and lonely. If you are a fan of the mor artistic symbolism, this game is a field day as you notice parrallels between your father's work and his home life, and Sam's need to hide versus Oscar's, your dead uncle who willed the house to your father. It's a dark game with a light at the end of the tunnel, at least for the time being. Most importantly, while reading all that your loved ones have gone through, suddenly the lonliness settles inside of you, and you realize we are all people in our own orbits, trying depserately to stay warm. Sometimes we can't communicate it. In this game, we communicate what we mean and feel with what we don't say."
76561197976367102,Recommended,232430,8967307,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,ErikKiller,Great amazing fun! A first person game that plays out like a movie!
,Recommended,232430,8967915,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,maxxmka,"Beautiful game, keeps in suspence"
76561198117905088,Recommended,232430,8968317,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,KashMoney,This game is worth a play.
,Recommended,232430,8969175,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,juan0tron,"Copied from my personal Tumblr.I just blew through Gone Home in two hours. Not something I was expecting, as I was planning on going to bed two hours ago. I don’t think I’ve ever played anything like it. It’s a short story told in video game form, and it flows perfectly.Of all things, it actually made me remember a time when I was little, when I had to drape a blanket over my TV to play Resident Evil past my bedtime so my parents wouldn’t see the light coming from my room. Now, this game doesn’t feature zombies, or any other living things for that matter. It’s just you, a house, and a story to be discovered. The last time I relished in exploring an empty mansion was Resident Evil, and discovering the Keeper’s Diary in that game still stands as one of my favorite experiences in a video game. While the RE series has taken an action-oriented focus ever since the first game, I will still always fondly remember those diaries scattered about the Spencer Mansion.Bioshock brought this idea back with Rapture. The audio logs and the beautiful, yet damaged setting all gave me a tingly feeling that I was piecing together a story from stuff that was just left behind. However, Bioshock was a shooter at heart, and lacked that uneasy, slow pace that Resident Evil had. Gone Home brings that feeling back in waves, and tells a damn good story while doing so.I’m sure you’ve heard every reviewer out there say little other than “go experience this for yourself”, and they’re right. Don’t even watch the trailer. It’s not that intense of a game, so you can probably play it even on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ old laptop. Just set aside two hours to yourself, dim the lights, and enjoy."
,Recommended,232430,8970766,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,12 Years a Slav,"The game has a great and touching story to it, you play as 20 year old katie who has come home from a long trip in Europe and no one is home when you get there. You look around your home to find out where everyone has gone to. The way the story is told is creative and makes you want to keep playing. The only problem with game is that it is short, but for being short it is worth the ride."
76561198056835467,Recommended,232430,8974089,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Pistasheo,"Such an amazing narrative game!!! I can't express just how good the story is! To be honest if I had known the subject matter before hand I don't think I would have played it. I would have felt it had nothing to do with me,  I'm so happy I didn't and didn't miss out on this amazing game. The game tells a story that is so genuine and heart felt I couldn't get enough. The pacing and how it unfolds kept me glued wanting to find out more. The only downside was it left me wanting more! I hope this studio produces more games. Trust me...give it a shot you won't be disapointed. This game is truely amazing!"
,Recommended,232430,343324,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Godmil,"Beautiful story telling.  Quite gripping.  Only a couple of hours long, but well worth it."
76561198119041579,Recommended,232430,8936494,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,alexator97,"I really enjoyed this game, if you can call it that. It was more like an interactive book/scavenger hunt sort of thing with a very interesting story, albeit a little bit too ""modern"" for me. I, however, would probably not pay 20 dollars for this game. I bought it when it was on sale for around 7 dollars which is a very reasonable price for this game. This is something to be experienced and I think everyone should give it a try, but not for 20 dollars. Anywhere from 10 dollars to free is reasonable to pay for this game. As for replay value, there is none. One thourough playthrough where you read and look at everything and explore every nook and cranny of the house will take you about two hours. After that, there is really nothing you can do. Replaying it is like rereading a book, and only my English teacher does that. But if you are looking for a game that will give you the feels and is very well made, I say go for it."
76561198016977308,Recommended,232430,8936785,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,TotallyKyle95,This is a must play game for all gamers. This shows game achieves a level of storytelling rarely seen in video games and gives a glimpse into the future possibilities of video game writing. Gone Home creates characters that feel completely real and it makes you care about them. It is a minimalist game made by a handful of people and it blew away almost every other game I have ever played. This game is bar none of my favorite games of all time.
,Recommended,232430,466037,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Shorokin,Amazingly well-written game. Very subtle strokes of gameplay.
,Recommended,232430,11962407,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,NoDiskInDriveA,"Gone Home will allow you to experience an emotional, beautiful story, if and only if you are able to accept that this is no point-and-click adventure, no puzzler, not even really a game in traditional sense. It has many aspects of a movie, a movie that is told through the medium of a video game, leaving the pacing and all the discovery to you, and being all the more engaging because of that. Unfortunately, it will also last you about as long. This is absolutely okay for me as I value this game by what I experienced and what I will take with me, rather than its hours-per-buck ratio, but I can see this might be a deal-breaker for others (I think it still compares favourably to most movies).Oh yeah, and btw. I loved it!"
,Recommended,232430,12046230,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Xenplex,"I honestly don't know what to say about this game. It isn't exactly whatone might think at first, if this was intentional or simply the creator of thegame realising while working on the story what the game actually is, I don'tknow.I'm not sure how to rate this game, I like it although I have to agree withmost people that it is too short (I played it for 98 minutes and I'm already done,without rushing) for the price it is currently sold, luckely I picked it upduring a sale.I think I make it short:- Yay: If sales are going on- Nay: If you have to pay the full price (at the time of this writing 19,99€ onSteam)Because I liked the game as a whole, I still give it a thumbs up."
76561198004259364,Recommended,232430,12027615,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Spodermun,Beautiful game. Lots of memories #90sKidsWillRemember.
76561198153832757,Recommended,232430,12030258,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,jade_phipps,"Great game, logical and not too difficult to decipher clues as other games of this genre can be."
,Recommended,232430,7842686,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Black Lake,The story of this game is really great!
,Recommended,232430,12063737,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,BoXMaN-RipPeR,"The heart & soul of this title is the story & characters, it shows how great writing is vital in supporting the exploration within the well structured environments. The game may be short but the rare approach will leave you remembering this experience for years to come."
,Recommended,232430,11981819,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,HexWillow,"i loved this games, it was def a chill game and the story telling was just beautiful.  i recomend this to anyone.  really the way the story is told its just heart warming, you almost feel like you are personally related to those characters."
,Recommended,232430,12014628,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,ariellauthentic,"Lovely game. It was fun to explore. The story is emotional, and told with the right authenticity. I love the ending, but now I want more! The story must continue! =D  It's got great music and and interesting mix of oddities and creepiness to throw you off balance."
76561197974287986,Not Recommended,232430,12015941,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,eroticelmo,"Game was rated quite highly, saw the trailer and review and thought, let's give it a try.  I did try to like it, but at the end of the day, it is just a short story, where you walk around a house discovering that story.  Didn't feel like a game, didn't have to do anything clever, just click and discover each bit of the story.  Probably more suited for someone who has got a PC for the first time, maybe when your mom first starts to use a PC and wants to play a game."
,Recommended,232430,12016535,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,River,"This is a lovely game. You are Katie, returning home to your parents and sister after spending a holiday exploring Europe. You find the house empty, and the story unfolds as you explore the empty house to figure out where everyone is.If you enjoyed games like Dear Esther, give this a shot. It's short (I finished it in about two or three hours), and bits of it riff off of first person shooter mechanics and one or two FPS game moments."
,Not Recommended,232430,8748985,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,DraR,"Pros:- Voice acting is really good- Good atmosphereCons:- Cliche story- Not really a game, more like a bad visual novel- Really short- Totally misleading atmosphereConclusion:Overrated game, only buy it on a big sale."
,Recommended,232430,1939399,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,waffo,Beautiful.
,Recommended,232430,12009239,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,duckersmash,"I can't say that this game represents much in terms of a traditional game. The formatting and general layout is very simple and it is easy to complete. However this is a short game where the journey represents the story as a whole.If you are tempted to get this game however, do avoid the plot descriptions. It will make things better for you in the end."
,Recommended,232430,12013264,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Duderonomy420,"Just a wonderful experience.  A prime example of ""video games as art"".  I would recommend that everyone plays this game."
76561197985679061,Recommended,232430,1063162,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,angstseed,This game is unlike any immersive narrative story I have ever played.  Well worth the asking price.
,Recommended,232430,11849347,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,DMONEY,"Gone Home is a game that marches to its own drum. There are no zombies to crush or terrorists to shoot. In fact, there's no action at all. You're completely safe as you explore alone.Some other reviewers complain about how quickly you can beat Gone Home. That's entirely the wrong mindset - you don't ""beat"" this game, you experience it. Gone Home won't appeal to everyone, but if you're a fan of story-driven games like Walking Dead, give it a try. This is one of those games that you're still thinking about when you go to bed.If you're looking for intense action, visual spectacles or a time sink, then you better keep looking. This game is the polar opposite of Call of Duty, and reminds me of Myst.I bought it on sale, but it would have been worth the $20 in hindsight."
,Recommended,232430,11853489,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,TehRen,"Not what I expected, but in a brilliant way."
76561198075023951,Recommended,232430,12098430,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,MooZombie,"I really love this game, especially the commentary mode.  You get to hear the developers’ thoughts, struggles, the music director's ideas, even the voice actress.  Is a great game and there's a new experience every time you play it.  I have yet to read the parents side of the story, but I have been told that it's just as good."
76561198026464699,Recommended,232430,11953967,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,WALLLLLLLLLLLLT,Very exgrossing story. Ideal for gamers who are looking to beat a game in one sitting.
76561198003802475,Recommended,232430,11955404,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,2sexy4you,"Beautiful game, suolful and touching story that captures you and makes you feel amazement."
76561198055613194,Recommended,232430,8176232,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Hustle 'N Bustle,"This is one of the most important stories in gaming history! I STORNGLY suggest this game to ANYONE who likes story in games and a good mystery. And if you don't play this, I may judge you, but I STRONGLY suggest you watch it. But with NO COMMENTARY!"
,Recommended,232430,8441461,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Timecrash,"I was really worried that this game wouldn't live up to all the hype it had been getting, that I wouldn't understand why the narrative's apparently so visionary.Yeah I was wrong. This really is one of the best stories/visual novels I've experienced all year. It is incredible, and it is so well written. Gone Home is worth your time."
76561198031984561,Recommended,232430,8443152,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,FTron,"This game is amazing nostalgia trip for any 90's kid, with an amazing, wonderful and beautiful story that moved me to tears. The sound design and voice acting was great. This game truly deserves all the praise heaped upon it. It truly shows the viability of video games as an art form."
76561197998389701,Recommended,232430,8446302,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,gilby123,"Finally played through Gone Home and WOW.  Anyone that says that video games aren't ""real"" art needs to play this. Truly touching and moving story told through an interesting perspective. I definitely can see why some might down it as not a real game, but I think the tremendously spun narrative more than makes up for it.  It's sort of like a movie where you need to find the next chapter.The only downside is it is movie length (about 90-120 min total play)."
,Recommended,232430,8446376,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,dr. hilarius,this game is all of the fun of discovering secrets and not just like mashing the spacebar in front of walls but actually like in real life--the good kind of secrets. even though it isnt real it provides that same thrill
76561198014987820,Not Recommended,232430,8447668,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,JoeMoe,"Everyone is raving about this game. So being someone who wants to explore a little of my emotional side when gaming I thought I would dive into Gone Home. The reviews from around the web were praising this title.""10/10""""A hallmark of excellence""""Superb""""the greatest video game love story ever told.""""A remarkable first-person adventure that tells one of the finest stories I've ever experienced in games.""""Epic""......really?I can tell you right now this game is far from epic. Its actually quite bland. This game doesn't exactly tell you the story, with the exception of the audio journals from Sam. It actually unravels as you explore the empty house reading through everyones personal belongings.People will need to keep in mind that this game is more for the story telling experience than what the traditional games offer and I was well prepared for that when purchasing this game. I also waited till the game was on sale first before buying it.Even though I was prepared for the type of game Gone Home is, and a little excited to experience what it had to offer, I was still left disappointed. Lets go over its strong points.The StoryFor this part I am reviewing the story only and not how it was presented (just to avoid confusion). The main story is essentially just a love story that has been told many times before. We have heard it in movies, games and songs. It was probably the least interesting thing that was going on with the family. When I was reading through some of the notes regarding the mother I found a more interesting story there or even with the Great Uncle Oscar. Overall, none of those were ever concluded and left you hanging as to what really happened with those scenarios, thus leaving the story a very simple love story with some issues with the elders.You get a sense of what the characters are like through some of the playful notes written back and forth but nothing much beyond that.Presentation and experience[/p]Essentially how well did this game present the story to the player and what type of emotions did I feel throughout the game. I have to admit jumping into the game not knowing anything about what happened to the parents or the sister, I was quite curious and cautious when exploring the house. Paying attention to the sounds of the floors creeking and the thunder outside sent chills down my spine. Then having read through some of the notes, you may find that there could be something unexplainable going on. Then you may find some evidence of a seriously troubling event (sorry I am being vague for a reason). I felt both on edge and worried for the sister at these pinnacle moments. These were the highlights of the game and they were near the beginning of the playthrough. However, they also turned out to be false flags which hindered the experience going forward as I was now not on edge nor was I ever worried for any of the characters.Voice Acting and DialogueIn a game where you are doing a lot of reading there is some voice overs from little sister Sam. The voice acting was good (for a game) but not great. The reason I say not great is because Sams character is very forgettable. The voice acting was good for what the actress had to work with but I fealt like there was no real challenge in delivering the material. The written dialogue fails to give Sam a sense of character (I guess this was all saved for the notes). This could be to keep Sam empty so more people could relate to the character but I feel like thats just lazy writing. Okay, I am nitpicking. Only because this game offers nothing more than writing and exploration.ConclusionExploring the story through examining items and notes throughout the house never really impacted me that much. It had its moments but in time it went stale. Story telling through exploration is something that has been done in games for a long time so this game is far from innovative. I would basically call it a glorified point and click adventure with a weak unoriginal story driving the vehicle for further exploration.I said I wouldn't recommend this game but I feel like this game is worth playing for some people. Just be very cautious when purchasing this title. $20 is a very steap price even for those who enjoyed it.Graphics: 3/10Audio: 4/10Voice Acting: 8/10Story: 5/10Gameplay: 4/10Overall 5/10"
,Recommended,232430,8473279,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,[kitty]Fockzhound,Atmospheric delicious discovery
76561198006265186,Recommended,232430,2356179,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,romulous,"Two words. Utterly brilliant. I don't think I have ever felt such emotion while playing a game before, and such distress that it had to end."
76561197989919273,Not Recommended,232430,8481949,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,SuperSloth,This is probably the worst game I've ever played
76561198061530602,Recommended,232430,8482320,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,evajunkie,"For such a short game, I was surprisingly invested. I like the atmosphere of walking throuhg a creepy house. I knew nothing was going to jump out at me, but I still had the expectation at  a couple corners."
,Recommended,232430,1939939,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Astalder,The less you know about this game going in the better.  Just know that it's an evening's worth of of excellent story and exploration.  Recommended for when you need a change in pace or are in the mood for something more adult.
,Recommended,232430,8069589,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Tazeps,"It's not as long as I expected but I liked it and the story is nice too. There aren't really any puzzles just got to look around for pieces of hints. It's creepy most of the time because you have to wonder in the dark and empty house without knowing what you'll find. I think if you really want to enjoy this fully, you have to get into the story. All the time while I was playing I was trying to guess (or fear) what i might find next. This kept me on my feet and kept me anticipating and involved with the story the whole time. I'd wait for the price to go down though cuz 15 GBP for this playtime (3 hours) is kinda alot."
,Recommended,232430,8071415,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,asim0v,"Go in knowing nothing about it and just play it. All I knew was there was a lot of great gaming press buzz about the game, and I started to see it on GOTY lists. Picked it up earlier in the year on sale and finally got around to playing it. It's definitely worthy of the GOTY mentions. To say anything else would risk spoiling it which would be an incredible disservice to anyone who might enjoy this game."
,Recommended,232430,7468998,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Topsy,This game is really good. The story is interesting and I was rarely bored. I'm glad I bought it on sale though. It only took me 4-5 hours to beat it. I wouldn't pay 20 dollars for a game that short.
,Recommended,232430,8076433,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,BinarySplit,I enjoyed this game a lot. It was only 2.5 hours long though.
,Recommended,232430,8081504,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,brendan.moody,"An enjoyable interactive story. Not a lot of content for the price (I did everything worth doing in a couple hours), and it would be much improved if there were more story material about the parents in addition to that about the sister. But the voice actor for the sister is very impressive, completely selling the narrated-diary approach. If you like the idea of a zero-challenge, plot-driven game with a melancholy/mildly spooky atmosphere, give this a shot."
,Recommended,232430,8060889,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,HSuke,"A cute and touching indie ""game"". While it is a game, it's somewhat more of an interactive first-person storybook.Worth $5."
76561197998159333,Recommended,232430,8061084,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Raveneer,"Gone Home is a polarizing work. Its closest kin are visual novels and games like Dear Esther; but whereas Dear Esther was opaque and obscure, Gone Home wears its story on its sleeve.You play as Katie, returning home from a trip abroad to find your family home empty, the only explanation at the start a letter from your younger sister, and a strange message on the answering machine leaves bad implications. Just where has everyone gone to? Unwinding that narrative is the focus of your journey through the house. A sense of dread and the unknown permeates the atmosphere, but eventually you start to uncover what's been going on since Katie left for Europe. And always you hear the rain pelting on the house all around you.Gone Home is a love story told out of order. There are few if any real puzzles to solve, mostly of the 'put key combination in x lock' type. You can pick up and examine everything in the house, turning on lights and finding clues in objects. There is nothing to solve, apart from the satisfaction of learning what happened. You could easily speed run the game to the end but that would miss the point. The game isn't about speedruns as it is about setting a mood and getting under your skin. The voice acting for Sam is amazing; she comes across as a vulnerable character you come to care about as you learn who she is. Her struggles can break your heart if you let them.As a story, it's not without its problems; you're never privy to how the stories for Katie's mother and father ended, and the ending itself feels consequence free, like what you'd find in a romance novel. Real life, which the game adheres to for the most part, feels painted over by the end. The game does its best to be optimistic, but who knows how this will all really end?As for exploring the house, it's huge. It feels lived in, and since this is supposed to be set in the 90's there is a lot of nostalgia on display. Video tapes with old movies and X-Files episodes litter the house, punk band cassettes that you can listen to, and numerous other small details make it a treat for explorers. Sam even has SNES cartridges and is a professed Street Fighter fan, although the system itself is conspicuously absent. Often times you feel like Cole Phelps in L.A. Noire, picking up objects and going, ""Not relevant,"" but this game is about exploration rather than pixel hunting.Gone Home has many detractors. Games are traditionally about choices, but here you're given a different kind of choice that really comes down to the type of game you want to play. Outlast or Amnesia this is not. You don't order a salad when you wanted a steak sandwich. Do you want to instead play a game where you get to explore a house and pick up on the threads of a touching story? If so, Gone Home might be up your alley.A final note on the price: as of this writing it's $19.99 which can be very pricy for what amounts to a short 2-3 hour experience. You can't replay it unless you wait a few months so items and events aren't as fresh in your memory. Even with the developer commentary ala Valve's games, this price is a little high for gamers on a budget. If you don't want to spend that much, you can always wait for a sale to get the most bang for your buck. It all depends on how much an experience like this is worth to you."
76561198061116844,Recommended,232430,19427472,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Lokefm94,"I can't say that this is a game, It's more a kind of audio novel but with a immersive touch. So, if you are into more emotional and thoughtful experiences you will have no regrets on playing this game."
,Recommended,232430,19356625,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TheBarnacle,"I have never played anything like it. Absolutely brilliant. Hit me like a ton of bricks. If you're not so concerned about playing a game but like the sound of experiencing something different, I cannot recommend it enough."
,Recommended,232430,19410120,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,TheWalkingGadge,"This isn't a particularly long game, but the story, music, and characters are amazing. The focus isn't really on the player's character persay, and that's probably the coolest part about it; you learn more about the people in her life and how they've changed while she's been away. It's an interesting look at how people and relationships change over time, and how time passes whether we are there to personally witness it."
,Recommended,232430,19271125,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Ullr,Um dos melhores jogos que já tive  o prazer de experimentar. Storytelling único que ensina que não é necessário encher o jogador de textos pra contar uma boa história.O jogo é relativamente curto porém não deixa essa sensação.Dica: compre quando estiver com promoção maior do que 50%
,Recommended,232430,605326,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Hurakan,"Going Home is that game that your friend tells you about that sounds absolutely like the most boring thing ever. ""See you arrive at this house and you've been on holiday and noone's there and the house is just kind of in stasis and you look around and see if you can figure out what happened.""So yeah that's the premise and yet it's totally engrossing and awesome.TT"
,Recommended,232430,19504332,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Gurgi,Rather short but a fun way to take part in discovering a mystery piece by piece.
76561197966467472,Recommended,232430,19606505,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,milyoo,"A beautiful little narrative that teases our supernatural sensibilities, but gathers most of its resonance from its thick strokes of nostalgia.  At its most superficial, Gone Home is an attentive assembly of material culture that takes the player on a mesmerizing stroll back into the mid-90's.  VHS, zines, and locker combinations.  If you grew up in that era, it's hard not find yourself lost in thought as you wade through reminders of your childhood.  Between this cascade of memories, however, Gone Home is really a story about affect and belonging; how love shapes the contours of 'home' far more than any physical location.Sometimes, it seems, going home is simply a question of going."
,Recommended,232430,19576609,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,shawn.norton,"Have you ever wanted to walk into someone elses house and start rummaging around without fear of reprocussions? Investigate their lives through their scraps and momentos?That's what this is. I was entertained, I enjoyed myself, I was finally able to scratch that itch. The fact that this isn't really a ""game"" doesn't mean it wasn't fun."
76561197995603740,Recommended,232430,19596200,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,staticrodent,"An interesting little experience. If you like the sense of discovery this is enjoyable. Interesting little story too, nothing special, but a nice change of pace.Much shorter than I thought, maybe I should have looked into that more carefully. I can't remember how much I paid for it because I can't even remember buying it, but if you can get this on a deep discount I'd call it worth whilte."
,Recommended,232430,19794019,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,MechaGG,What an awesome story!
,Recommended,232430,19791633,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,monkeysonarope,Great game
,Recommended,232430,21244328,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,JOX,"The mystery combined with atmospheric environment gave me nothing but nostalgia, and I liked it! I miss the 90's when life was simple and carefree.BEST NARRATIVE GAME OF THE YEAR 2013!"
76561197972330820,Recommended,232430,22357427,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Yamagata,"While it may be a short game, I found it worth the price even at full, release cost. If you're a person interested in interesting examples of narrative in videogames, then you'll definitely want to play through this. The addition of Linux and OSX support is a nice cherry on top."
76561198067271332,Recommended,232430,22407030,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,georgecheese,"Would I pay 15 quid for this game? Not really. Is this game a worthwhile, emotional, extremely smart narrative experience? Yes. Get this game when its cheaper, or if you know for sure you'll replay it."
,Recommended,232430,22104031,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Bully,"""Walking simulator""No it's not. It's one of the best story-based games with amazing voice acting you will ever come across."
76561197965574193,Recommended,232430,22374545,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,bobby,"This game is an intense masterpiece! I don't want to spoil anything, so I'll just tell you, that it's storytelling at its best. The beautiful impact on the player is, that you'll think about it a long time after the game actually ends. Only a few games have this kind of effect. Be sure to play it to the end and you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,232430,9671015,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,zxjinn,Gone Home is a fantastic game that tells a great story in an unexpected way. Took me about 2 hours to play it through all the way. I stopped to see many of the sights and read most of the miscellany on the way. I would recommend this to anyone that likes games to tell a story in one way or another.
76561198297060621,Recommended,232430,22330254,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,AngryFelipe,"Saw a review in my monthly game informer and thought I would check it out. Nice change up from the usual games I play;  League, Zelda, Destiny, ect. Totally thought I would find something else in the attic. If you like detective / thriller type stuff, this game is for you. If you are looking to shoot and kill people / enemies I would pass on it."
,Recommended,232430,22331502,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Young_Nacho,"This is certainly a Landmark game as far as narrative story telling in video games. It's not for everyone, and if it isnt taken seriously, then you may not ""get"" the game. For anyone who loves narrative based games though, you need to play this game."
,Not Recommended,232430,21680098,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,hotscorn,The atmosphere seemed very at odds with the actual story.
,Not Recommended,232430,21680879,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Commander Llama,"Gone Home is a story exploration game told in the first person perspective with a silent protagonist. It uses some competent, if simple, game design tricks to lead you along a roughly linear path while you explore an enormous, empty house during a rain storm. You're in the body of the older sister of Samantha, who has feelings and teenage problems.Although it's not very descriptive I feel compelled to call this an 'art game' that won't fit into traditional notions of a video game. This could have as easily been a short film. In fact, it was a short game. I finished it in about an hour. If I keep up this word vomit, my review will be as long as Gone Home, too. I want to draw parallels to other games such as The Stanley Parable, if only because all you really do is walk around and look at stuff.Are the things I'm saying bad? Did this non-conformist video game keep my attention? Actually, it did. The environmental cues were interesting, and there are a few little side stories going on in addition to the main narrative. I won't dare give detail, or I'd deprieve this emaciated game of its only content. Yet I'm puzzled this game got much buzz, or even, according to Wikipedia, took a couple of awards. The story was fine? I guess? Not even remotely rivetting by, say, film standards?Also, $22 still. Yeah, no, there are many better offerings out there. Or like, movies. I have a feeling a healthy subset of people will absolutely despise this game. I mean, Gone Home is by no means the crime against humanity they'll make it out to be. But to me it holds very little value."
76561198061608945,Not Recommended,232430,10819128,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,darth_borehd,"tl;dr:  Worth it if on sale for $5 or less.  About an hour or two of gameplay.  No replay value.  Developer accused of censoring critics.Gone Home is an adventure game similar to classics like Gabriel Knight, Zork: Grand Inquisitor, Monkey Island, or King's Quest.  The player takes a first person perspective to explore a location, examine clues, or carry items from one location to another to figure out some type of mystery.  Despite appearances, this mystery has no science fiction or supernatural elements.  It is a relatively common storyline that deals only with the main character trying to find why she has come home to find her family missing.Gone Home continues the fine tradition of those classic games in look and style.  The graphics are nice and there is an impressive number of objects that can be manipulated or examined in some way.  Programming is meticulously neat and I found no bugs at all while playing it.  Sound effects are functional and work well within the game.  On all technical aspects, this game passes beautifully.Plot, characters, and writing are generall well-crafted but there are some rough edges of game play that I found distracting.  One is that often times, a simple real-world solution to an obstacle would be to smash or use other physical force the game does not allow.  For example, the most expedient way to open a locked file cabinent is simply to jimmy it open with a pry bar but the game instead forces you to find the combination.  Another is that running and jumping features would have saved time when moving from one location to another.  Also, there are numerous ""red herring"" objects that contribute absolutely nothing to advancing you forward towards the conclusion.  Lastly and most importantly, is that I found the ending to be very anti-climatic.  I felt through most of the game that a dramatic twist was just around the corner.  No such thing ever materialized.  It was revealed at the end that the mundane and obvious explanation I had surmised early in the game was indeed the correct one.  I was disappointed to see the end screen show up right after that particular piece of information was plainly stated in a journal entry.    There is a lot more to this story that could have been told.  It would have been a more satisfying closure if I had been able to resolve the issues between the other characters and bring them all together again.I would love to see the author make more games.  There is definitely a lot of talent here combined with a dedication to quality work.  To borrow a phrase used for one of the character's writing efforts: ""You can do better.""ADDENDUM: There is some screenshot evidence and anecdotes that show the developer is banning those who post negative reasons.  Let me be clear: THIS IS NOT COOL.  I was on the fence on whether or not to give this game a thumbs up, because I did like the programming, but the story is a boring and unsatisfying drama.  In light of the development that bad reviews are being silenced, I am changing my recommendation."
76561198202187996,Not Recommended,232430,21577107,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,[DO74}Leagueoflols,When I started this game I was so happy and excited but when I felt like I was getting somewhere in the game I was just looking around and found the end? I was not evn half way threw the game and you can just end the game without going threw the whole game what type of design is this?
76561198136431832,Recommended,232430,21578738,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,alexander the late,"Great game, if you liked dear esther or other walking simulator type games you'll like this. the story is pretty interesting with an excellent ending. there are some puzzles you'll need to solve but they are easy. This game is all about the story that you piece together while exploring a house. It's a short game but worth it, the story really tugs at the heartstrings, I cried at the end."
,Recommended,232430,21590408,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Geotimshu,Esquisite narrative delivered at an excruitatingly tense pace! The game is a little short but delivers an impactful story that has stayed with me years later. A must buy for those looking for great narrative.
,Recommended,232430,21648401,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Solid Snake,"The only question I got is: Where the fling ♥♥♥♥ is the Nintendo?!?Just kidding. When I started this game I thought it was made with the source engine, but after I look in the folder and saw unity.... mind blown. Never thought that it is possible to produce such a finde quality game with this engine (unity engine).I usually play mostly Shooter and not something like this but I really enjoyed this exploration game and had my fun over 4 hours.The funny thing is that I bought this game for more than over two years ago and hadn´t touched it since. Nearly forgot that I got this xDAll I can say is: nice game, absolutly a try worth!"
76561198034276882,Not Recommended,232430,21636873,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,BoxeswithBears,"This game absolutely knows how to tell a story, but I was still incredibly bored by the end. Maybe pick it up on sale."
76561198119005546,Recommended,232430,21650596,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,SirDrim,"If you've not played a 'walking simulator' before, this is as good a place to start as any. If you don't know the premise, you return home from backpacking around Europe to find the house empty. You then rummage through the house and acquire little clues as to what has been happening in your absence. It's a cool and immersive way of telling the story, in my opinion.It's short and sweet, took me about 90 minutes - 2 hours to complete. Definitely worth getting on sale. Whether you loved the story or not, this game will stay with you. It's a very immersive experience from start to finish and quite unlike anything I had played before.8/10,"
76561197968570864,Not Recommended,232430,11646600,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Flywheel Shyster,"This game was even shorter than expected. It was interesting while it lasted, but I don't feel like I got my money's worth. Very anticlimactic ending also.  All in all I wouldn't spend $20.00 dollars on this game if I knew what I know now."
,Recommended,232430,7622701,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,elleody,"Beautiful, poignant, and ominously harrowing.  If you're looking for a game that embodies any of these concepts, look no further."
,Recommended,232430,21719069,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Ham86,"BeautifulGave me goosebumps and almost made me cryTake your time and savour this game, try your best to find every little thing, if you rush it you will probably leave with a bitter taste in your mouthDONT READ ANY THEORIES PEOPLE HAVE ABOUT THE PLOT UNTIL YOU'VE PLAYED THE FULL GAME, TRUST ME"
,Recommended,232430,22094355,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,knitmeapony,"The eerie atmosphere of this game made me tense and paranoid at first, but that made the revelatory nature of the story beautiful.  It's unusual for me to feel uplifted by a game story, or to recognize myself so vividly in the tale."
76561198000043686,Recommended,232430,22077168,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Plural,A beautiful story with some exploration puzzles and phenomenally well-crafted atmosphere.  Few movies are as impactful as this short game.  Unreservedly recommended.
76561197991018534,Recommended,232430,22073811,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,CoruscantSunset,"A short game, but beautifully done.I went into it completely blind, so I didn't know if there were enemies or what the goal was meant to be and for that reason, it was a lot creepier to me than it probably was to a lot of other players. There was one particular part that was seriously unnerving for me. The entire game has kind of a foreboding, unhappy sort of feeling that put me on edge almost the entire time.My main criticism would be that I wish the 'mystery' had ended up being something a little less banal, but I suppose that was the point of the game? It wasn't meant to be anything too overblown; it was just a slice-of-life, commonplace mystery, but I still got to the end and had a slight feeling of 'That's it?'I would still highly recommend it, though."
76561198014647164,Recommended,232430,21940079,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Schopenhauer,"This game will be a classic. Great story line and writing. You really fall in love with the characters as you discover the answers to the mysteries. The message of the game is so great, I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,232430,21968979,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Aglapiz1,"*Just play this great game before you read any reviews so you don't spoil yourself.*This game is quite good. I liked that the game successfully makes you question whether something paranormal is going on. Whether the game will turn into a horror game at any moment. It has a few well-crafted scary moments to accomplish this. From walking into a room that makes you think about the movie poltergeist, to finding items regarding ghosts, finding a tiny nook where a satanic ritual was attempted, learning about the child molestor previous owner of the house who may or may not be haunting the house, and a strangley omnious looking attic, among many other thingsAs you progress and learn about the characters, as you turn on more lights on both in the house and in your mind, you become more at ease. The game rewards your investigating handsomely, they're story details to be found in many places as you try to solve the mystery of what happened in the house. Cool story, not one you often see in video games. I investigated everything by the time I got to the end, so I knew the full story of what was going on with all the characters. But I read if you didn't look for all the journals, you could interpet the ending as being a suicide note rather than a running away note, which is pretty cool.It's voice acted very well, the diary entries are so well done. The world is graphically very solid, with appropriate detail being put in all the game's little notes. It almost never feels like its too much information. This game plays out like a short story. It is really short though, I beat it in about 4-5 hours. So you might want to wait for a sale to buy it, but its worth every penny.5/5"
76561197980714796,Recommended,232430,21972963,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,chrisMKrivera,"After hearing plenty of good things about this game I decided to purchase it and a few months later, me and my girlfriend decided to play through it. While the end didn't have as much of a payoff as I was expecting, I appreciate what the developers of this game were able to achieve in terms of environmental storytelling.Despite having somewhat mixed feelings I would say this was a game definitely worth experiencing, just don't go in with super high expecations."
,Recommended,232430,7608600,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,CommodoreKong,"An intresting game. You don't have any enemies to fight or puzzles to solve, just a big empty house to explore and the mystery of why your family is gone. It's pretty short, only about an hour and a half so. I would recomended picking this up for $10 or less if you want to spend a little time playing something a little different from the norm."
76561198040829940,Recommended,232430,21948112,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,brick.shoemaker,Mysterious and compelling.  A compact story that drew me in from start to finish.
,Recommended,232430,21914232,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Memelord Akira,I loved this game! It really brought me back to coming out of the closet for me. There should be more coverage for this game! Its really chill and nicely paced. Its not long but its a wonderful story!
,Recommended,232430,22334111,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Kaydee (Yang | MashMash),"The atmosphere in this is amazing. I loved the story too. Short, but very awesome."
,Recommended,232430,22030951,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,LOUI5,"Emotionally touching and good story.The game is influenced with literature and other stuff, so if you like reading, writing, punk rock, video games and want to go through a blast to the past back to the 1990's era, then this game is for you.WHAT THE GAME IS ABOUT WITHOUT SPOILERS:The game is not based on horror, nor crime. It focuses on mystery-drama and story telling.You play as the older sister of two siblings as you look through the house reading notes and letters that were left around. Those of which explain piece-by-piece what happened to your sister and your parents and why it is that they aren't home.The story revolves on family, friendship, literature, college life, and traveling to say the least. It also has positive views on homosexuality. These are subjects that will be faced throughout the story, so if you find any of the subjects mentioned interesting then you will most likely enjoy this story."
76561198010200247,Recommended,232430,22011538,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Kiel,"Gone Home is probably not what you will expect it to be, which is part of why I loved it so much. In creating an experience in which the player is greeted with a confusing, bewildering montage, it creates a sympathy between the player and the character they control (from a first-person perspective) that actually makes sense and feels believable.It is quite short and not especially in-depth, but there are plenty of interesting things to be seen, found, and done in Gone Home, and above all, it tells a story.I quite recommend it as an artistic experience, and in particular, a shining example of how games can do and be that while still being a game."
76561198089204885,Not Recommended,232430,22015829,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Akio,"Gone Home is a walking simulator featuring a story about a girl's relationship struggles in her teenage years that you 'discover' as you access different areas of the house. The story is OK and the environment is mildly interesting to explore, but otherwise this game is drab and forgettable.I bought it on sale for a few dollars but would certainly not pay $19.99 for this."
76561198040466770,Not Recommended,232430,17010611,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz,Such a Portland pricetag.  Such a Portland game.
,Recommended,232430,744457,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,Eagledare,What a great adventure. So many convincing details to each character in the home's story. Props to the devs for handling such sensitive subject matter with grace and skill.
,Recommended,232430,303284,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Soulstoner,"Incredibly moving.  Take it slow and realize it's an investigation/adventure ""game"".  More accurately, an interactive story."
,Recommended,232430,7571537,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Malikar XXII,"I'm only recommending this to people who are perefctly fine with a point and click type of game, with minimal atmosphere, and fairly interesting story, if you're up to it. Also, please note that the game is probably about an hour long."
,Recommended,232430,22619741,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,General_Dave,"A very well told story, short but engaging. Not worth the full price but pick it up during a sale for sure."
76561198073534520,Recommended,232430,22649927,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Solarflight,"An amazing game (and yes, I do consider it a game... there's an objective which you're meant to accomplish - namely, going through the house & finding out what happened to your family - so it counts), as well as a suspenseful emotional journey. The game does a great job at evoking the feel of the late 90's, both through its storytelling and its environmental layout. You also really come to care about these characters and this family. This is definitely one of those games that can be held up as an example that yes, games ARE an art form."
,Recommended,232430,20965304,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Bad-at-Videogames Man,this is one of my favorite games i can play it over and over again without getting tired of it ... the story and pacing is so well done and i get really invested everytime. also its cool u can throw everything around. always a bonus. looking forward to more games from this company
,Recommended,232430,18594780,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,FreezingHot,Even my picky wife liked it! Great training for getting used to the steam controller. Seriously though. Two hours? People should take their time and discuss with a friend as you move through the past.
76561198097430649,Not Recommended,232430,18668392,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,infinitekillz00,"I don't know what to think about this game. I am disappointed, although I can't say the entire experience was bad. It's simple, so it has that going for it. It is very short, but it can't be long, due to the setting and very nature of the game. The story is decent enough, but is pretty boring. I'm sure other people complained about the romantic ""controversy"", but if you're a normal adult, it shouldn't bother you at all. The teen angst stuff is more annoying than anything else, but it's what the story is about, so you've just gotta accept it. The stuff with the parents feels like fluff, but whatever. The story isn't really about them.Some of the callbacks to the 90's are pretty amusing, but there's not much else there. It's not a terrible game. However, it's definitely not worth $20. I paid full price and regret it, but sh*t happens. I'd say $5 or less is about right. I might check out other projects from this studio, but I'd do a good amount of research first. And if the next game is in the exact same vein as this one, I'd pass for sure. If you're undecided on this, wait until you can find it at an extremely low price. Otherwise, I just recommend skipping it and reading the journal entries somewhere. In fact, it's kind of hard to classify this as a ""game"". I applaud the devs for trying something different, it just fell short of my personal expectations."
76561198144015900,Recommended,232430,18654059,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,devin.allen.445,"Yeah, I like it.$25 is a bit ridiculous though."
76561197998913217,Recommended,232430,1856154,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Aisha,Wow.Totally worth it.Now I am happysad.
76561198026126024,Recommended,232430,18652210,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Rollthor,An awesome game if you let it happen. start open minded and let it evolve. only thing i strongly dislike is you can play through in about 2 hrs if you stick to itand  it has a hefty price tag for that. you're better off waiting for a sale since the game doesnt offer a lot of replay value.
,Recommended,232430,18634079,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Captain Garbage of the USS Trash,"The gameplay itself is pretty limited, and the story isn't anything ground breaking; however, the package it is put into is well constructed, and the writing is pretty solid, which makes up for an inherant lack fo complexity.I'm not usually a fan of the walking sim. That being said, I realized over an hour in that I'd muted every other sound in my room, and I hadn't taken my eyes off the screen. I think that's grounds for a recommendation."
,Not Recommended,232430,18663987,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Soul-Sued,don`t buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥154% XYITA approved
76561197971119832,Recommended,232430,18673396,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,mike2kslam,"What a unique experience! Love the narrative driven game play, with each clue filling in the puzzles grater picture.One down side is the time it takes to complete, but I'm not sorry it's not longer as it feels just right.Many have tried to emulate, this game will be remembered as the 1st."
,Recommended,232430,18694872,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Jakobedlam,"So glad I picked this up on sale at Steam.I can well understand how some may feel tricked by this ""game"", but calling it just a story doesn't really do it justice. I appreciate that the game's designers took my pre-conceived notions and used them to create a remarkable experience. Great story, and tremendous voice acting created more of a sense of place than all the millions pulled into the AAA titles. Worth every minute you'll spend in the Greenbriar house!"
,Not Recommended,232430,18733424,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Moonbear,"I was playing this game for less than 2 hours when I started to fall asleep. Fortunately the game was over. Duh. Don't believe positive reviews, only play this if you've got absolutely nothing to do."
,Recommended,232430,18701123,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Troy Max,"Amazing story telling, replay value is non exsistant, but worth the single play through."
,Not Recommended,232430,18668505,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Gvaz,"Pros:LGBT storyapparently got it for free out of humble I didn't realize I had boughtpunk musicCons:Parts felt like something would jump out at me, nothing didending just came out of nowheretoo shortending not really clear (though clearer when I read up a summary someone else wrote)puzzles were too easyI guess if it was free, or you got it for a dollar out of a humble bundle it'd be okay, but not for $20, not by a long shot. If you can get it for extremely cheap, go for it, otherwise just watch a lets play on youtube."
76561198195549082,Recommended,232430,18720590,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,felipe.rodrigues1800,Good story
76561198112820423,Recommended,232430,18720847,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,reinventedsky,"The emotional tug of Gone Home is somewhat of an unlikely collosus: it unfolds in first person perspective and quickly envelops you in an atmospheric, deeply personal tale of adolescence. Roaming through the Greenbriar home builds a desperate and occasionally heartwrenching story, helmed by its masterful depiction of life in the mid-90s and narrative structure which advances through diary-style revelations.Perhaps Gone Home is an understated surburban tragedy in video games; perhaps it quietly offers a masterclass in how to move gamers in ways you could never have anticipated. As with the equally evocative To the Moon, Gone Home doesn't demand a lot of time to complete but its afterthought leaves an impression strikingly powerful nonetheless."
76561198117095009,Recommended,232430,18780194,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,kthewillsmithwillsmith,"This is my first review, so bear with me here. Gone Home is a very controversial game in the gaming community, with some  calling it a pile of trash, while others make it out to be the best game ever created. Neither of these are true. The game is very good, as long as you dont mind the slow pacing. The story, some describe as ""stereotypical"" was, for me,  a heartwarming journey. I think the most intriguing part of the game, the part that sets it apart from other walking simulators is the interactivity, the fact that you are basically rummaging through your own house, piecing your sister's life together. Is it the best game ive ever played? No, certianly not. Could it have been done better? Yeah, it could have. Is it a damn good game? You bet your♥♥♥♥♥it is. (due to the $20 price tag, however, I would reccomend buying this during a sale)"
76561197973348977,Recommended,232430,18769594,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Klemske13,Good game but quick
76561197972424925,Recommended,232430,18574045,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,JxcelDolghmQ,In the vein of old point and click adventure games. Short. Worth a pickup on a sale. Interesting story that resolves in aa satisfying way.
,Recommended,232430,7479207,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Knight Smile,This is short but very fun. it has a nice little storry to it.
,Recommended,232430,18702580,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,BellaSeasons,"I loved this game! It was especially fun to play with a couple of my friends pointing out different places to look that I otherwise wouldve not thought of. The vaguely creepy ambience throughout the whole game was pretty cool, although I think it wouldv'e been even better if the final journal entry when you discover it at the end of the game inluded something a bit more dramatic or sinister. Overall it was an enjoyable experience. And I am also  a big fan of the artist Emily Carrol (who did the opening/closing artwork  and ""gone home"" typography). If you like the look of the artists rendition of the front of the house that you see in the title sequence, you should definitly check out her super awesome and creepy book Through The Woods or her website where she has other horror themed comics."
,Recommended,232430,18815098,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,AJE,I think everyne should check out this game (when its on sale). Its very different from any other game out there.
,Recommended,232430,6617592,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,TheStolenBattenberg™,"It's more art than an actual game, but this was very nice, totally worth the money if you like story games."
,Recommended,232430,8219016,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Anne Dank,"I found this game amazing. Gone Home tells the story of a young girl named Sam and her rollercoaster of a ride of life in the 90's and a few side-storylines about her family. This game is not a puzzle game nor a fighting game but a story game, and the first game or anything that has made me truly sad (aside from family members deaths). The voice acting was unbelieveable and all of the work that the developers put into the game is shown very clearly. Gone Home tries to build an atmosphere and once jumpscared me yet nothing in this game is worth freaking out about, unless your are homophobic, but homophobes are awful people anyways. Gone Home can range from 1 hour to 5 hours (of gameplay) depending on how thuroughly you want to search for things, and is worth its twenty dollar cost entirely. Even though the game was short I'll never stop thinking about how touching it was and i'll keep thinking about various things each night, trying to understand something about it.Most people say Gone Home has no replay value and to them I say Shush. If you replay the story you will understand it better and a third time is going to be my last, but its going to be in commentary mode so I can learn more about the game and what the devs removed and why they made things the way they did. I was told that the voice actor for Sam is also in some of the commentary mode but i'm not sure.Overall I rate this amazing game a 10/10 (A must play)"
,Recommended,232430,8243359,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Frootsy Collins,"This game demonstrates that video games can tell compeling stories and, more importantly, tell them in a way that is unique to the medium instead of emulating film.It's a moving, bittersweet story that is slowly revealed by exploration of the environment, which is very thoughtfully crafted.  I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,232430,8243431,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Ledz,"The most absorbing experience in gaming I've had in years. Touching, horrifying, suspensful, and funny all at the same time. A masterpiece of interactive storytelling."
,Recommended,232430,8244000,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Captain Cuddlefish,"pleople say this game sucks becasue its not really a game, which everyone has there own outlook on what is and what isnt a game . but what gone home is, is a great story that will stay with you. i cant think of any other game that tells such a real and convincing story as gone home"
76561198037000208,Recommended,232430,8244831,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,d4rkp0w3r,"This ""game"" hits home no matter if you relate to Sam or not, it reminds you of your first love and is honestly amazing. This is something i did not expect to come out of this walkthrough, i explored and was on the edge of my seat with the backstory. I wish i paid full price for this because these Devs deserve it."
,Recommended,232430,8246529,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Jaza,"One of my fave indie games of 2013. It was great reliving 1990s and indulging my secret passion for snooping. I loved how the story unfolds as you explore and investigate your family home, concluding in such a beautiful thoughtful way. I didn’t much like the price when I bought it but if there’s a sale get it."
,Recommended,232430,8228828,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,gamertime,"What a wonderful story and experience. I'm really glad I picked this up. Yes, it is short and the replay value is pretty low, but its still worth grabbing. I do not regret it."
,Recommended,232430,8229776,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,overlordofpizza,"I found this game to be quite enjoyable. Not everyone will feel the same, but I liked the slow pace. The story is the main focus with nothing to distract from it.I bought this game on sale for about $5, and while I did like it, I wouldn't pay much more than that. It is very short, and if your not sucked in, it can be EXTREMELY short."
,Recommended,232430,2164485,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Sahil6758,Wonderful game. Play with headphones. You do not want to miss out on this one.
,Recommended,232430,858949,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Son of Liberty,"Gone Home is a master work of storytelling in the video game genre. It brings you in with its nostalgic mid-1990's setting and the feeling of being home alone on a stormy night. The stories themselves are relatable and often heartbreaking. It will take about 3 hours to explore the house and the personal histories it tells, but it will be some of the best hours of gaming you'll have this year."
,Recommended,232430,8234456,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Daudr,"What an amazing way to tell a story. Truly worth the price of admission. It's not really a game so much as a great, interactive story."
,Recommended,232430,8235324,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,aeric90,Gone Home will challenge you expectations of a game and possibly even redefine what a game means to you. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,232430,8235711,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Phienix,"I would hesitate to call 'Gone Home' a game. It is more of an interactive experience along the lines of 'To The Moon' or 'Dear Esther'. The mansion you are in is definitely creepy, and you could probably convince yourself that it's scary at times, but it's really only a very large, old, empty house in the middle of the woods during a thunderstorm. It's the items and the story found in this house that make the experience engaging. There are layers to the story that you don't automatically catch the first time you 'play'.I would recommend it to anyone that likes to explore and would rather experience a narrative and interact with the objects in the world. It is definitely not for someone that wants combat or scares  or puzzles or 'gameplay'.The narrative is sweet, and the experience is short enough to do in one sitting. If you're like me, it may take more than a few hours to sift through it all, since I like to click on *everything*. I think the story is touching and well worth piecing together, and I would recommend it to people whole-heartedly.I do wish that people would stop basing their enjoyment of it based on 'time spent vs. dollars spent'. It can be short, but for those who really like this type of experience, it is likely to have replay value. If you catch it on sale, definitely buy it, but it's still worth the money to buy it when it's not."
76561198065375170,Recommended,232430,8237228,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,shadytony,"This game was fantastic! I beat it in and hour which is pretty disappointing but the experience this game gave me was something I will never forget. The ending was abrupt, and this game isn't worth 20 dollars. But this game is a masterpiece in it's own respect."
,Recommended,232430,8237870,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,DeathMinister |LAB|,"As a girl growing up in the nineties in a creepy house in Oregon, I find that this heartfelt story of love and family, told by way of a trail of clues scattered throughout my family's house, relateable on a spiritual level."
76561198031948856,Recommended,232430,8238423,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Pillow Pants,I don't know if this is Game of the Year worthy or if the price should be cheaper. What I do know if that I enjoyed this experience very much. It instantly transported me back to my own high school days. I could feel Sam's emotions and remember how every new experience seemed like the most important thing in the world back then. It actually made me miss the dramatic highs and lows of growing up. I took my time and tried to find every little detail and it really made this a great experience. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a quick bit of nostalgia and a compelling story.
,Recommended,232430,7246239,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,FizzySquirrel,"If you want a tale without having to read a book, this is that experience. There's never too much going on but if you play at night..... it'll get to you. You can beat this without doing everything so take care to find all you can for the full story."
,Recommended,232430,8239047,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Drunkmc,"I wouldn't call this a Video Game. This was more like an interactive movie. You're put into a house and no one is there. Your family is gone, and you have to just go through rooms and furniture trying to piece together what has happened in the year since you've been abroad, and why no one is home to greet you.It was very well done, and while I think $20 is a bit steep, for $10 I got an experience like none other."
,Recommended,232430,8239665,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,JayCard,"A great story that's very unexpected. I did not like going in knowing nothing about it so it took me a while to get into it. Once I did, I really enjoyed it."
76561198062321728,Recommended,232430,16799276,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,acfin,"Very short, and quite boring from a gameplay perspective. But the game has a nice atmosphere, and a heartwarming story. Pick it up if you can, on a sale. It isnt worth the full price."
,Recommended,232430,16800343,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Flemadian,"The creative genuity of this game is as simple as it is genius. The narrative design of Gone Home steers away from dialogue, which 'could' have drowned the game in cliche. And instead the player's given sequential diary inputs, masterfully narrated by the story's protagonist. Somehow, either from the life-like appearance of the story, or the delivery of the lines themselves, tears began in my eyes, with only half of the game behind me. Though strange this may seem, I believe Fullbright has won the golden award, handsdown, with the delivery of this brilliant, unique love-story."
,Recommended,232430,16800541,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,taylorreneehart,eh
76561198025669647,Recommended,232430,16801040,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,doorknbs,"Picked it up on sale and def got my money's worth.Avoid the spoilers, here's what you need to know:There is no combat, chasing, or dying.  (And that is a great thing for this game!)It may startle or freak you out at times.Immerse yourself in the every bit of the story that you can find, and you'll have a blast.Lastly, after the game is done, you can go back to explore more.Those are the things I wish I knew when I started, so maybe this will help you too.Support great indie games with new, and inventive story telling!Buy it now!!!"
,Recommended,232430,16801334,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,LostinthePANIC,Great game with stunning visuals and a supurb story.
,Recommended,232430,16801562,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,HeavyEyes,"After having this on my wishlist for a very long time I finally bought it on sale for about 3 bucks.. and I think that's the right price.When I first saw this game, I thought it was some kind of horror title.  Spooky house, walking simulator, no sign of weapons.. it sounded like and looked like a kind of a 'Amnesia: the Dark Descent' ripoff.  I was intrigued and put it on my wishlist.I spent the better part of a year avoiding spoilers, but it was impossible.  Going in, I knew these things:""It's an exploration simulator.""""You won't die.""""Great story.""""Pretty short. Not a lot of replyability.""""There's some LGBT themes in there.""""This game is so great, if you don't buy it I'll buy it for you."" - some podcaster from the Laser Time networkFinally, after the price went to three bucks, I bought it.As a kid from the 90s, it just didn't evoke the 90s feeling that I was hoping... I imagine that wandering through and empty house doesn't help.   Yes, there were items to look at and interact with that were from the 90s, but I never felt like I was playing in the 90s.  It actually felt more like I was walking through an old-timey home filled with items that were not from its time period.Without spoiling more than I have, I do applaud this experience.  It's not a game, folks.. if anything, it's a role playing game - where you, Mr. Steam Player, play the role of a teenage girl coming home to an empty house after a whirlwind vacation around Europe. Except noone's home, not even your sister.Look, if you want to experience something new and you don't mind supporting a developer who's trying something new, give Gone Home a chance. Just be warned, this is a very cerbral experience that requires a certain level of empty toward others and an appreciation of developers taking a risk on breaking new ground.No, you won't cry.  No, you won't be scared.  If you're someone who feels that the 'end' is more important by the 'jouney', you will not like this game. There are no scares, no frights, no explosions, no moments of desparation.  Instead there is an opportunity to explore and attempt to understand the minds of folks who, most likely, live very different lives than your own.Recommended.. but not to everyone."
,Recommended,232430,16801642,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Freyja,"This is such a lovely game, the way the story unfolds is just so smooth, and it will keep you searching for your sister and whats happening with your parents. There are parts that will make your heart flutter and parts where it will sink. The ending is just wonderful and you'll be glad you played."
,Not Recommended,232430,16801998,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,BronzeBomber,"I paid 2.39 and still feel cheated.  I can enjoy a clickfest like LA Noire or any telltale title, but this is about an hour and a half of ""gameplay"".  By gameplay I mean click a lettter, move to the next room, and listen to your sisters love story narration until you reach the last room and it ends abruptly.  Thanks for the deal steam.If you see an review like this: “Gone Home is the greatest video game love story ever told.”The New York TimesDON'T EVER READ A REVIEW FROM THEM AGAIN."
,Recommended,232430,16802024,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Mold Boy,cool
76561198043630742,Recommended,232430,16802059,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,dangermouse1019,"Wow, a profound take on coming of age and finding oneself. Beautifuly crafted world and narrative kept me engaged until the end. Very human, emotional, experience. I would absolutely recommend Gone Home!"
,Recommended,232430,16802917,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,TheDigitalOtaku,This is one of the most emotional games I have ever played. It starts out almost feeling like an atmospheric horror game but quickly changes into a tale of discovery and young love. Without giving away to much I will say this is one of the most feels heavy things I have evr played the gameplay itself is pretty limited but this is worth playing for the story alone.
,Not Recommended,232430,16803199,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Maysin,Pros:-Make you want to be a 90s kid-Snooping simulator 2013Cons:-Shallow story-2 hours of gameplay for $20
,Recommended,232430,16803289,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Son of a submariner,"Serious review underneathI played the game and was a little bit creeped out but very entertained.Then I read the negative reviews and found some really good and decent and was almost disappointed. But then I read the usual rambling and was very amused.Then I read the discussion sites and was very very amused.You can have all that for 2,39 right now! Buy it, play it, get amused. And by buying the game you are destroying all of the games and you participate in the LGBT-Machtergreifung. Who possibly can't want that?Nah, seriously. Gone Home doesn’t reinvent the wheel. The gameplay is a very basic first person point and click: Look for keys to unlock new rooms where you have to look for new hints or new keys to unlock further areas. There are no difficult puzzles in any way. The Gameplay is much more the vehicle to transport the story which is also not so ground-breaking although there are some details that make it a bit more creepier / deeper (check the forums after you played it). It is not at all about the character you play but of her sister and the personal changes she goes through and the conflicts with her parents that come as consequence. Minor Spoiler:She doesn’t like a girl the way her parents would like her to.Anyway: It isn’t not a revolutionary story but it is nonetheless a story worth reading (and you will do some decent amount of reading).The graphics are basically good I guess. Gone home doesn’t have a special art style but it looks good.Conclusion: Gone Home is nothing special, neither in the good nor in the bad way. But it is worth giving it a try and exploring it at least when it is on sale (you can “beat” the game without any problem in under two hours when you don’t search for every detail in the story)."
,Recommended,232430,16803378,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,CulinaryHipster,A touching story set in a very atmospheric house. I can not reccommend this game enough!
76561198236562230,Recommended,232430,16807238,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,kimbo,"loved it so much more than i thought it would. don't do any/too much pre-reading before playing, best recommended going in with a clean slate and playing in one sitting. absolutely love how it plays out and the soundtrack + voice acting manages to bring out all my feelings! i'm so affected by this game. I LOVE IT."
76561197967362593,Recommended,232430,16742706,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,下手くそ,"I enjoyed this game, but am very glad I did not pay the full price. If you can get it during a sale, it'll bring you a couple of hours of entertainment. It's not for those players who like FPS games or even puzzles; this one is basicaly a story that unfolds within the context of exploring a house. They did nail the 90s teenage angst vibe.Overall, I'm content with this game, but I'm much more curious about its sequel in spirit, Tacoma (which takes place on a space station)."
76561198025183520,Recommended,232430,16724645,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Merco,"I'll keep this as brief as possible - Gone Home is a first person puzzle/story game where you wander around an empty mansion and find out about a family by reading notes and opening doors. There aren't any enemies, you can't die, and you go up the stairs (fairly) slowly. The character you play as has *very* little impact on the game; it would've made more sense to play as a trespasser/snooper, a neighbour, or a random stranger sheltering from the storm.There's some stuff about the past and '90s games and systems that I didn't play, and rock/grunge music, and orientations, and attitudes...none of which really appeal to me. The atmosphere was there, but there could have been a ghost, a dead body, or something similar.Perhaps a bit overpriced for around 1hr30mins of gameplay, but overall, not bad. 7/10"
,Recommended,232430,16651071,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,AussieBigfoot,"It's an enjoyable experience. The best way to describe the gameplay is a sandbox mix of 'Alone in the Dark' with 'Allen Wake' minus all the monsters, combined with the stoyline of the 2001 film 'Lost and Delirious'.You can complete this game in under two hours, having done everything possible. Personally it's not worth the £14.99 in the store, but at least I got it during the recent sale for £1.79 - I think the most it should be is ~£4.99.."
,Recommended,232430,16652010,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,yüng ümlaut,Loved the characters and story and way that it was told.  An expertly crafted experience.
,Recommended,232430,16571593,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,sufu11,"I originally posted that this was a bad game. It really isn't, it does have a way of pulling you in. A lot of walking around waiting for something to happen. I think that's a cool thing. The story is pretty neat, if you're into a calm game that is just to keep busy."
,Recommended,232430,5354771,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Anime Jesus,"It's a good well written story, but only buy it when it's like 5 dollars. You will thank me if you do, and will enjoy it alot more when you do. If you didn't take the warning and paid full price (or even pay 10 dollars and up), and then play it, you won't enjoy it because youll be to busy thinking about the cash you spent."
76561197974007126,Not Recommended,232430,16996367,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Mikey,"Don't buy this game unless you are willing to unplug some, or all, of your peripheral devices.  Certain input devices render the menu system unnavigable, and although this is a known issue, the developer's response is to just unplug everything when you want to play the game.  For those of us with a lot of gaming accessories, this is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t solution."
,Recommended,232430,16997379,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Deku,<3
,Recommended,232430,16997775,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Pinkie,"I'll start off by saying that this game is okay.  It isn't BAD, by any means.  It starts off well, the atmosphere is interesting.  But the atmosphere buildup to the ending is... overdone?  I don't feel like the spooky is necessary just to get to the ending.  The contriversal subject matter is really the only reason that this game got as much hype from game journalists as it did.  It's worth a playthrough if you like exploratory games, but wait until it is on sale.  It certainly isn't worth 20 bucks."
,Recommended,232430,17028897,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,fashionisdanger,Mostly an interactive novel. I love it though!Fun fact: I know the game's house better than mine now.
76561198048244390,Recommended,232430,16219211,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,frostdiamond,"What an excellent game!Finished the game in less than 5 hours, albeit 5 very immersive hours.  The plot is tight, and it keeps you exploring, eager to find the next piece of puzzle.Pros:- Great atomsphere keeps one on the edge- Excellet storytelling, just enough being told, 1 piece at a time,- Fantastic voiceplay!- Detailed environment, sound and lightingCons:- Could use a few other side plot- Virtually no replaybility"
,Recommended,232430,17000115,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,alessiocaleca,"I loved this game but, as most already mentioned, not worth 20 bucks.I cried, would recommend."
,Recommended,232430,17000505,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Chastance,Great story.
76561198020212605,Not Recommended,232430,17000511,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Zane (Sorensen),"The good: The voice acting is okay the sound is so, so, and it looks okay for the time.The bad: All you do is walk through the home you grew up in, finding where your family went. ( I do not hate point and click games, some can be great!) A great example is the wolf among us.Nothing good comes of it, no plot twist nothing. It comes off as a poorly written blog post, that got made into a video game.And when you find out the woman behind game used her ""talents"" to push it through the door well... It really paints a picture.If I could I would romove this game from my account I would.I cannot recomend this to anyone, save your money, and get something else."
76561198021671505,Not Recommended,232430,17000833,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Zs4sZB0t,"I give this game credit for its well thought out love story and the serious social topic it tries to approach, but despite that it left much to be desired."
76561198074297219,Not Recommended,232430,17010869,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,CGN| Just_Shawn,"Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ If an entire game is based around a story, make that story interesting. Just wasted 2 hours on a ♥♥♥♥ing walking simulator."
,Recommended,232430,17019892,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,SpaceSloth,"Disclaimer: this game only takes about 2 hours to finish2nd Disclaimer:  I purchased this game at about 90% off  so about 1.99 to 2.50ishThe story and emotion conveyed were incredible.  I haven't felt so deeply for a character since Last of Us and this game doesn't have any fungus monsters.   For the time it took and the price I paid this game was exceptional, however I don't know that I would have felt the same why if I had paid the full $20 dollars.This is a must buy if you can get it deeply discounted, but it's worth the wait for Steam Sales."
76561198016192874,Recommended,232430,17020336,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,wackyfuntimes,"If you lived through the 90s or went to high school, this game is bound to bring back memories. It has thoughtful writing and great atmosphere."
76561198084849725,Recommended,232430,17021045,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,thedoor2009,Hope someday we could make a game that we can find our generation's memory. 我们那一代的回忆。
,Recommended,232430,17021769,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,bjuarezII,"Beatiful story. Made me feel all the feels. Just a tad bit shorter than I was hoping. Click everything. Oh, and any kid that grew up in the 90's - this is for you. The 1995 references added much."
76561198025243588,Recommended,232430,16970331,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,colin_baker86,"While I appreciate the message and adore the atmosphere and style of this game, I feel like this game lacks longevity. One playthrough and you more or less sapped everything you could from it. I do feel like it's a worthy purchase if only for the fantastic feel of an exploratory FP game. The real fun is piecing the story together. 7/10"
,Recommended,232430,16970895,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,jellowiggler,"This is a short but great game  that isn't about zombies or demons or princess or stealing cars.It's an interactive exploration of a some normal kids' lives.It deals with tons of teenage issues including sexualality, pressure, indepedence, divorce, etc...Well worth the exploration, and totally refreshing."
,Recommended,232430,16976174,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Muenster Strats,"This is truly a landmark of video game storytelling. If you are a game developer, or interested in the medium at all, you need to play it. Someone who's name I can't remember called it the best game love story of all time and I agree wholeheartedly."
,Recommended,232430,16978348,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Bolasdagrk,"SPOILER ALERT:I was in suspense the entire game, and though it a meaningful story, there wasn't much reason to be freaked out.  I would recommend this game, so long as you know little to nothing about it.   If you know enough about the story before playing it, it is probably way to short and not worth purchasing unless it is dirt cheap.  I went in thinking the entire time it was a scary ghost game, and it ended up just having a cool story line and exploration of the families background.  This was good, and a change of pace for gaming.  They had you thinking something is going to rip out and grab you, and it was all realisticm with nothing of the sort but your own imagination.I'm being very vague, because I don't want to ""entirely"" spoil it, in case you curiously continued reading."
76561197971143722,Recommended,232430,16962873,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Lenny,"TL;DR well told and unique to the medium story for those who can get into it, and there is no definitive answer as to who can and who can't.Up front: Gone Home is not a particularly gamy game. You explore a vast mansion of a family house (your family) and piece together who they actually are, how they live their lifes, what their dreams and secrets are and what happened to your little sister, while you were on a trip to Europe.I like good stories and I like well told stories. Gone Home is well told, although one might argue the substance of the plot. Well, I'd have to respond to that: ""as far as games go it is very good and the plot really has not been done before"". See, there is a particular twist to the story, I sadly got spoiled for me, but is what the game ultimately revolves around. So better not look too much up on it. And the pure plot wouldn't make for a very good TV episode. But as a game, with you in first person, the slow unfolding of the story (about 3h for me) it became a very affacting and effective experience."
76561198046444891,Recommended,232430,8360939,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,WintogreenRhino,A beautiful and painful commentary on older siblings who leave home in pursuit of their own interests and become increasingly detached from their family's daily life.
,Recommended,232430,8362009,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Azaris68,"Gone Home is one for the books.Gone home is (without revealing too much) the loss of a friend and the finding of a lover. I really have to give this 5 stars based on quality graphics, nice gameplay and an overall awesome storyline. Alot of people didn't like this game and I can understand why since it's only about a 3 hour game but if you're looking for a game with a powerful story then you have found it because Gone Home is a game to be recognized, althought I would recommend you by it on a steam sale seeing as it's only 2-3 hours long. I definately wouldn't mind another play through."
,Recommended,232430,8363331,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Xandriark,This game was a decent way to spend about 1.5 hours on. It has a good story but overall was fairly easy to see how it would unfold. The game as a whole was to simple to justify its pricetag so while I do recomend this game if you have the time it is probably best as a roughly $5 game. It was a nice medium to tell a story and would be interested to have more games like it with deeper main and sub plots.
76561198090138138,Recommended,232430,7467077,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Carol,It ranks pretty high on my list of epic videogame stories. There's not really much I  can say without ruining its charm except buy it the next time there's a sale. Just do it. You won't regret it.
76561197975268355,Recommended,232430,8364155,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Raptor,I took me about 90 minutes to play through the game and these 90 minutes were a unique experience. The game tells its story throught the environment and while there is one main story other side stories can be discovered.
76561197994555595,Recommended,232430,8365023,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,El-Macheto,A truly unique and amazing experience!
,Recommended,232430,8365060,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,toby,This is an amazing piece of interactive story telling. Compelling exploration and great narration keep the story flowing effortlessly. I highly recommend.
,Recommended,232430,8365267,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,corcodio,brilliant
,Recommended,232430,8348889,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Wellsey[UK],"A truley beautiful game that was nothing what I expectedNot knowing much about Gone Home, I thought it was going to be your typical horror game with cheap scares, and boy, I could not have been more wrong.10/10."
76561198015609228,Not Recommended,232430,8348921,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Fr3shly B8ked D0nut,Loved the game but the storyline was pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥.. if that makes sense... -.-
,Recommended,232430,8349026,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Vellyne,A creepy house with an unexpected love story.
,Recommended,232430,8349069,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,TheRockingDead,"It's hard for me to recommend this game, because it entirely depends on your taste. Do you enjoy mediocre indie bands from Portland? Do you like to have your story spoon-fed to you in a conveniently laid-out trail? What are your thoughts on being entirely and unnecessarily spooked out for 2 hours? Do you get off on being more pretentious than your friends? Or do you simply need a quick go-to example when someone questions your progressiveness? Then this may be the game for you!That being said, I did actually enjoy the experience of stepping into someone else's mundane shoes for a while and exploring a beautifully crafted and detailed space. It's clear a lot of hard work and love went into this project, The story was so-so, but heartfelt, and despite its practically linear spoon-fed layout, it still managed to keep my interest for the two or so hours it took me to complete the game. I wanted to find out more about my virtual home and family. It really wasn't all that bad, in fact.If you want an interactive experience that's a little different from the norm, and you've already played The Stanley Parable, and Gone Home happens to be on sale for less than the price of a matinee movie ticket, you could do a lot worse."
76561197970559093,Recommended,232430,8349128,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,baldsnail,"Take a lazy afternoon and play this. It doesn't take long to finish and you'll be thankful you did. Turn the lights down low and make sure the volume is up. Pay attention, listen, learn and really dig into it. You'll be rewarded for your efforts."
76561198007769187,Recommended,232430,17706361,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Sanji the Chef,"It isnt what i expected however it was a pleasant surprise, especially thanks to the fact nothing jumped out and scared me. its nice playing through a game with a story and well done narrative.  if you have a few hours to spare play through this because its a decent story, told really well."
,Not Recommended,232430,15647473,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Bagel,"Honestly, just watch a no commentary clean walk through on YouTube. Might be worth buying for less than 5$ if you want to be feel ripped off, that's about it. I can't really reccomend this beyond that.Only read ahead if you want some insight/spoilers on why I can not reccomend the game.Imagine a person, imagine that person is gay, then imagine walking into a house, imagine walking into the attic, then imagine someone popping up and screaming ""ISN'T IT SO SHOCKING THAT THIS PERSON YOU'RE THINKING OF IS GAY!?"" - if that appeals to you by all means, buy this game.I on the other hand do not feel sexual orientation is an important element in 90% of plot. Even in romance you can tell a great love story between two gay men or two lesbians, the story is still the same and the orientation does NOT matter.That said things felt good up until the end but I still can not reccomend this because of the preachy feel. I believe there were assumptions made about the players by the devs. Finding out someone is gay is not some shocking tip point and the devs should feel horrible for using it in such a way."
,Recommended,232430,17690832,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Deathcorn112,"I love this game to bits, it is a great game to just sit down play and read everything in the game but the one thing i hate about this game and it may just be me that this game at the end makes me cry every time it is just an amazing game!"
,Not Recommended,232430,17655675,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,msmstud,"It is well done, but we DO literally follow a pseudo-nonlinear story through an unpopulated house like a trail of breadcrumbs. We’re prodded along with solitary voyeurism, chunks of narrative, tangible hints of events, and 1995 cultural items. This art is MADE OF GAMING, like shattered stained glass fragments joined with solder to assemble an overpriced lampshade. (If Gone Home was based in the 80's, I would've cinched that one with a Tiffany reference.)The uninhabited world (well, house) WORKS ITS♥♥♥♥♥OFF conveying realism and character to keep us engaged. The production values are thorough; grocery nutritional labels, weather and house noises, clutter, refrigerator water dispenser, you can pick up a ton of things and put them down (which doesn't pay off as gameplay beyond audio cassettes and players), yada-yada-yada...and this is VERY necessary. JUST AS NECESSARY is the tremendous work put into conveying the feel of a suburban (still-) life in progress.Meditative. Rewards snooping. I think it's a proof-of-concept for virtual house tours. Replay value of bubblegum."
76561198059003636,Recommended,232430,17655918,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Mad Rab,"So this game was recomended to me by a friend of mine. I wasnt sold right away when playing but the longer it went on and the longer I played. The more of the story was revieled through organic exploration. By the end of this short game I was in love with it.Worth the price, worth the time. Its an amazing experiance that is so hard to find in games these days."
,Recommended,232430,17747937,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,straplesscrayon,"Really enjoyed this!This is not a typical game.It's a story which you are piecing together as you explore your family's new home. It's storming outside and the house looks like it should be haunted, but don't worry. This isn't a thriller/horror game.The house tells a story about your family, about what's happened over the past months while you've been gone, and touches on the complexities of life, love, and growing up.If $20 is too steep for such an experience, the game regularly goes on sale (so keep checking back!)"
,Recommended,232430,17734783,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Bedyrdraken,"What a amazingly different diverse and interesting narrative Gone Home has for a game. Worth seeking out and, when played in single sitting, can be genuinely a fascinating plot that should keep you hooked from start till its finish."
,Recommended,232430,17602009,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Kim,"It’s rare for a video game to enable the player to see life so effectively through another person’s eyes and with such sincerity. Sam reveals herself with a lot of honesty through her journal entries and the excellent writing and voice-acting serves to back this up; and it all means that by the time you’ve spent the three hours needed to complete the title, both she and her story will have left a lasting mark on you.However, that’s not to say that I think it’s for everyone. Gamers who don’t have enough patience to investigate every cupboard and drawer within the house, who would prefer to plough through the plot to get to the end and achieve a goal rather than experience the title as a whole, won’t find much here to please them. Instead, it’s a thoughtful slow-burner whose characters get under your skin and leave you feeling for them. It tells a believable story that’s grounded in the real world and focuses on people as complex individuals.A full review of Gone Home can be found here:http://1001up.com/2015/08/12/review-gone-home/"
76561198065411029,Recommended,232430,15452001,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,ReidarsOfTheLostArk,"This game is deeply moving. It may be (very) short and the gameplay may be lacking, but the story is unlike anything you've ever seen in a video game. One of my absolute favourites from 2013. This is also one of those games you don't want to know anything about before you play it."
76561198110661329,Recommended,232430,17638963,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,AccusedJ,"This is definitely a story to experience. It's short, but doesn't overstay its welcome, just like Portal. It's best to go in knowing nothing."
,Not Recommended,232430,17640835,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Atlantico,"The good: atmospheric, interesting idea, decently realizedThe bad: kinda shallow, can't interact with much really, and interaction is simplisticThe ugly: it's a bait and switch, banal plot and anti-climactic, game is poorly optimizedPerhaps worth 5USD, not a cent more. Takes about 2 hours to finish if you do *everything* on first try."
76561198141752059,Recommended,232430,17478985,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,jubiltee,"It's a very short game, but it's very charming in it's own way. I loved artstyle, but after you unlock all of the audio logs, there isn't that much to do. But wandering around the house and discovering what happened is fun. Don't rush the game, take it slow."
,Recommended,232430,17624414,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Wungus Bringleton,"If you know me, chances are you know that Gone Home is most likely my favorite game of all time. Without spoiling it, the story is mature and heartbreaking, and it brings a whole new meaning to the world 'immersive.' Curiosity is a human instinct, and this a game that fullyexplores(heehee) that in the best and most open possible way. Needless to say, I recommend Gone Home with all of my cold, cold heart. It's not for everyone, but it's inarguably a powerful experience."
76561198150865780,Recommended,232430,17717621,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Caledonite,"Houses have personalities. You can try to deny it, but a home can say a lot about the people who live in it. Each one tells a story of some kind. Whether it was well cared for or left to ruin, whether the owner was married with kids or an old eccentric fending off madness. This game tells such a story: with the help of some exploration, a few journal entries and an atmospheric thunderstorm."
76561198009687811,Recommended,232430,17493493,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Zortac,"The game served as a nice break while I was between games. Good voice acting, spooky atmosphere and a touching story. Other reviewers are correct, that you can get through this game in less than an hour, but I enjoyed taking my time and recommend that style of playing if you are considering this game, it's worthwhile investigating everything (I also enjoyed throwing forks and knives and milk into the microwave... a shame you can't turn it on...)."
76561198090662222,Not Recommended,232430,17493664,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Gerkinoid,Find stuff & done .
76561198126939378,Recommended,232430,17537908,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"And here we go again, this time: Gone HomeWell, first up, it's not really a game. Get used to that thought.Gone Home is more of a short story in explorational style.No scares, no hellfire. Only you, the house and what there is to find.That kept in mind I found Gone Home to be very enjoyable for its short runtime.It offers a heartwarming story with an atmospheric background and is best enjoyed on a quiet evening with a good glass of whine or a whiskey (suit yourself).Get it on a sale, to be safe, and enjoy exploring."
,Recommended,232430,17755222,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Origin Saint,"First, I'd like to address those in the reviews of this title that have complained and down voted the game on the grounds that ""If they wanted to walk around the house, they can do it themselves."".  Did none of you read the reviews of the game, read the description of the game or bother to maybe watch just a minute of gameplay?  This game is not meant to be a GAME, it is meant to be an experience, think of it as a interactive short story.  No one should ever have bought into this game with the impression that it was anything else.  The developers give a description for a reason guys.That said, this game is quite the masterpiece of storytelling.  No it is not horror or even horror-based really.  This narrative tells the story of a girl arriving home from someplace, when she notices that no one is home.  Slowly but surely, by meandering through the giant house, you discover things, including notes from your sister.  These notes will unfold her story and eventually answer the question, ""Why is nobody home?"".  This game has a lot of detailed work put into it.  Everyone has a story, yet you're the only person you ever witness in the game.  You can find out plenty of detail by reading through notes and letters hidden in drawers around the house, picking up items and finding clues, finding the codes for safes and finding hidden rooms along the way.There are even cassettes (The game takes place in the 90's), that you can play and listen to, pertaining to your sister and another individual, that are ACTUAL recordings of a garage band.  The voice acting is insanely good, and the story is very well thought-out, it was a pleasure to beat this game.That said there are a few minor issues.  First, performance.  This game takes quite a lot of power to run with everything turned up, of course it isn't the most graphically intense game but the movement mechanics of picking things up and whatnot takes a toll on a system, nothing a laptop couldn't handle, but something to be aware of.  Secondly, this game is tremendously short.  Did I expect it to be long?  No.  But I didn't expect to be able to beat it in a matter of an hour.  That said, there is a lot of work put into the game and if you take the time to wander and admire and read into the backstories you encounter rather than sticking to the main story, you can squeeze a decent chunk of time out of the game, but I wager if you knew where to find the important pieces to progress the story, and focused solely on them, you could probably beat the game in 30 minutes or less maybe.Anyway, Gone Home is a great narrative story.  It is nothing like a game really, but more of an interactive short story, similar to the style of Dear Esther.  The graphics are nice and fitting and the voice acting is great and the devs really took the time to flesh the whole story out.  I highly recommend this title for the experience of the story, however at a $20 price tag, I would wait until a sale, that's a little steep for something you can beat and experience in an hour and half tops.9/10"
76561198089433701,Recommended,232430,17760824,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Dominus Tenebrarum,Somewhere between Amnesia and a heartwarming story about a teenage lesbian. But the good middle ground
76561198111697179,Recommended,232430,16954381,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Keyboard+Mouse,"It's a walking simulator that only takes 1-2 hours to play through.Personally, I really liked it, but it's not worth $20. Maybe $2-3 at most.Get it on sale."
76561198141644107,Recommended,232430,19352122,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,UsulMcUsul,"This is a wonderful game. I recommend it to everyone. You will be injected into a persona and a place, and you will want to know who you are and who your family is.Is there something wrong with the world that $20 is a completely fair price for the amount of work that goes into this, yet most people would consider it a $5 entertainment escape at most? Possibly. Do I regret having spent $10 on it? No."
,Recommended,232430,230204,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,TJ Elite,"A much more story-driven experience similar to Dear Esther. Minimal on actual gameplay and only about the length of a film, but a seriously worthwhile investment even at its full asking price. If you have any interest in this game I recommend going in totally blind, for the story is very easily spoilen and the experience ruined. This is something that should be experience firsthand, because half of the game takes place inside your head."
76561198125887291,Recommended,232430,20053587,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,g_lune,"Only two hours, but the game is really nice. Keep in mind you will just play it once, so give the right price to this experience."
,Recommended,232430,8340012,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,MGDawson,"Exactly what it says on the tin - no enemies, just a wander around and empty house, learning the struggles of her sister Sam's life as Katie (the player) returns home from a year in Europe to find an empty house."
76561198014890161,Recommended,232430,19783267,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Nallen,"Interesting story, creepy scenery, good game! But maybe not worth 20 euro, wait until it's on sale!"
,Recommended,232430,19827231,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,pC.Pocky,"It's mostly given credit for it's story, which is deserved. Gameplay, since it started as a mod for Amnesia, is solid. Definitely worth a solid playthrough for the story."
76561198024881176,Not Recommended,232430,7815751,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,johbowfor,Trash.
,Recommended,232430,7472250,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Shoulder,"This is alot like Dear Esther, but with more interaction like in Amnesia. It was a really great experience exploring the house. Ambience did alot, and the thunderstorm really gave it a cosy feel. Without spoiling things there were times when I got a little freaked out and lit every lamp close by. The story was really great, and the way you found out more and more through diary entries really made it all special. There are also other things to discover about the familys history, like your fathers writing career. However the main story was really the best. The voice acting might be the best I've heard in a while, it felt very real. However the game was kind of short, as I completed it in 1 hour and 40 minutes. Also I encountered a minor glitch, where I held an object, but got a little freaked out for a reason I won't disclose here, I threw the object into a wall and it disappeared. While this had minor impact on the story i would have liked to examine it more. All in all great game that I strongly recommend to anyone who likes a good story and exploring."
76561198116492961,Recommended,232430,19137337,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Tarfun,"Oh my god, i couldn't recommend this game more! There were so many negative reviews which almost convinced me not to buy the game, yet i did (as i am writing a review) and by jove was it an adventure! The story is kind of short (unless you're foolish like myself and get lost as i do :P) but it is suprisingly heartfelt, yes it's shallow and rather cliche... But it definitely is a good 'pick me up' game.I would recommend this game for people who like a decent narative or just a game with next to no stress; the atmosphere is kinda spooky but you realise soon that there is no real threat, which makes the game a lot more calming.The music is fantastic, it is a decent experiance which is well worth a purchase, especially in a sale! :-)"
,Recommended,232430,7474927,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Shambolic,"There are so many things I love about this. There are plenty of people who call exploration games 'walking simulators' but I think thats closed minded bull****. You can uncover the stories of people you know nothing about and root through all their stuff and get to know them as if they are real, even though nobody is physically in the game. The main story is adorable and very relatable (to me anyway) and some of the other stories are handled so well and subtly you might not have even known about them. Even if you think you've scrutinised everything you've probably still missed something, then the rest is up to you to fill in the blanks. Also, 90s nostalgia! <3"
,Recommended,232430,19055804,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Theorist,"Finally got around to this game. Took a while, but better late than never - and in this case playing Gone Home was well worth the wait. Though it ocassionally veers into heavy sentimentality, Gone Home is for the most part a profoundly affecting experience. The atmosphere is rich, full of objects to be explored, listened to, and read. The specificity of the atmosphere allows each new room to gradually accrue the full emotional heft of a family whose own dynamics have been buried in the mundane material of living for years. As Kaitlyn, a college student returning home from your own globe-trotting adventure, your arrival is met only by absence, a family missing without explanation. In their absence, the material of the house itself becomes the trace of your family, and in coming to know their hopes, sorrows, and loves, your family is somehow more present than if fully rendered characters appeared alongside you.It's a beautiful experience. Brief, but lovely - like the last few moments before your heart breaks."
,Recommended,232430,19167575,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Captain Howdy,"Pretty much one of the best instances of story telling I've found in a video game yet. Simple, and yet its so spooky at times if you don't know what to expect. Don't read anything about it, don't spoil it, just buy it and play it. It has a pretty short play time, only like two hours, and not much replayability, but it more than makes up for it with the absolute brilliance of story telling. A walk around game that made me wanna play Dear Esther and The Vanishing of Ethan Carter again."
76561198052284637,Recommended,232430,19182820,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Polynewa,"Pros:+ Story: Well-written (not flawless, but good) story with heart; if you're looking for games with focus on story and characters, check it out.+ Exploring: Exploring the house is fun, you can pick up and look at absolutely everything. However, many objects don't have a special meaning or impact.+ Atmosphere: The fact that you're walking through a big dark mansion during a thunderstorm at night makes for a nice ""spooky"" atmosphere (there are no jumpscares or actual horror elements though).Cons:+/- Walking Simulator: No riddles, no action sequences, ... You just walk around, explore and listen to the diary entries that you find. This is not necessarily a bad thing, but don't expect anything else- Way to expensive considering its short length (2-3 hours at most) and little replay value. Wait for a sale if you're interested!"
76561197970281251,Recommended,232430,19139614,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,jmzero,"Nice little experience game; emotional and very real feeling.  Not a great value proposition if you need to get a ton of hours out of the games you buy or something, but otherwise very solid."
,Recommended,232430,19254947,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Lee,"Finished in just 90 mins, only buy on sale imo.Good story, interesting (first time to walking sims).Has a tense air to the game which keeps you moving around.Read and listen to everything."
,Recommended,232430,7335387,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Queen Jess,"If you're looking for intensive gameplay with a lot of action, then this is not the game for you. But if you're looking for a really great mystery/story, then you won't be missing out. A little overpriced, but I don't regret it (but you might want to wait for it to go on sale)."
76561197965963358,Recommended,232430,8285627,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Phree_Ph00d,"This was one of the best gaming experiences I have had in my entire two plus decades gaming. It is short, but so incredibly sweet and I have never experienced some of the emotions while gaming that I have when I played this game. Yes, there is no direct clonflict or fighting in this game, that is because it is more about EXPERIENCING a journey of the character, and perhaps gaining something more from it for yourself. While playing this game and upon reflecting about it after, I realized I just had learned some things here, some of them deep, and some things about me in which I had not known before. I finally know that there are games that can really make you feel and there are ways a game can teach you things about yourself which you had not known before.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this game to ANYONE who wants to play and experience something new in there game world, and perhaps gain something even more."
,Recommended,232430,8286350,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,HailAlistair,"Ignore the negative reviews. Ignore them all. This game is a breakthrough in the history of gaming. Yes, you just explore a house and you don't really get to do much else. But the atmosphere, the letters, the audio diaries and all the little details in the house make the place come to life like no other game before. Too many video games deal with saving the world and killing the monsters, this game is just about a family and their problems."
,Recommended,232430,8288287,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,choombroom,"I loved Gone Home; it gave me all kinds of feels. The sense of exploration and atmosphere is unique to its own.I was constantly on the edge of my seat thinking something's going to jump-scare me, but it's comparable to anyone's experience with entering a creepy house for the first time.It offers players' a curiosity that makes them want to learn more and has lots of 90s references that offer players of that era a sense of nostalgia.I skipped most of the music tapes, though, because I could hardly stand them. However, reading the letters and listening to the journals was wondrous in a way that keeps the players guessing.Gone Home is not a game about gameplay; it's a game about narrative and exploration. A lot of devs can take a note from this game."
,Recommended,232430,8288868,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,jckyzeremt,Good game not much replay value but still an exciting game to play through
,Recommended,232430,8289948,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Darksqee,"I don't know if this game is worth the 20 dollars its put at, but if you can pick it for 5 dollars, buy it, this is one of the best 2.5 hours ive spent playing a game in quite awile."
76561198052952717,Recommended,232430,8291352,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,The Eskimo,"Great game. As a gamer who values story, and its depth, above all other aspects, this game DELIVERS! I got this game for $10 and I got to say, its the best 10 bucks I have ever spent. Zero combat in this game and frankly im okay with that. This game is described as containing zero puzzles, In my opinion every note, book, drawing ect that you find, is a puzzle piece that fits into something grander. The Devil is in the details, and there are alot of details in this game. Gone Home, like other before it, proves once again that video games can be considered art.I would not be raving about this game if I had bought it at full price. 20 bucks is pushing it. Pick it up on sale sometime. This game is best enjoyed when in a relaxed state of mind. The atmosphere of this game is supereb. As a 90's kid I found this game to be a complete nostalgia bomb, but this is beside the point. I LOVED this short game (84 minutes to beat on my first run), becuase the game took chances and embraced them. **SLIGHT SPOILER AHEAD** This is a love story plain and simple, naturally this will turn off most players. But I urge you not to overlook this game. The reason Gone Home is recieving such critical acclaim is becuase it deserves it in every aspect.Would I recommend this game? F*** YA! Provided you are the sort of person who is able to view some games as art, rather that ""just games"".Gone home is easily one of the best games I have ever played, 2 hands down!"
,Recommended,232430,8309789,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,FandomRatGuy,i like dis gaem
76561197960978486,Recommended,232430,8310643,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,PwettyPrincess,"At first, I thought it was a great game but looking back at it, I changed my mind about it a little bit.All it has going is the storyline which seems to be cliche for most bit. All you do is just looking for clues to fit in the plot. I came in expecting something to happen considering the place is empty. That's right, empty. It's only you in the house and I was expecting something scary to happen when I went to a sealed off room.I'm having a really hard time to recommend this game to somebody who would play Call of Duty or over the top action game. This game is STRICTLY for someone who's into game that has solid writing and exploration.Luckly the game is on deal, so I would grab it and enjoy it for a hour."
76561197979969249,Recommended,232430,8311265,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,wow bob wow,"I would say most people who shop on Steam wouldn't like this.  Not that I really need to say that, because look at how few recommendations there are for it.  If you are looking for deep gameplay mechanics, this is not your game.  If you're looking to be spoon fed a story through cinematics, that is also not your game.  All that exists here is an emergent narrative.  The game does not go out of its way to stimulate you.  A lot of the experience happens outside of the game, inside your head as you piece together the narrative by finding personal artifacts strewn around the spooky house.  The story of why this home is a ""gone home"" is made up of many small personal tales -- heartbreak, unacceptance, temptation, falling in love... all those good things.  Also, top notch atmosphere here.  If all of that sounds like fun, I would recommend it to you."
,Recommended,232430,8311456,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,cream,"Albeit the price tag may be a bit daring for such a short game (I finished in 86 minutes), it's definitely a wonderful game. I absolutely loved the way the story is told, and the story itself is beautiful. I would never hesitate to recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,232430,8312369,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,antstagg,"This is a great game. Seriously, play it."
,Recommended,232430,8312466,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,bird,"Fantastic job, Hot Scoops."
76561198054068579,Recommended,232430,8313526,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Ulfengaard,"This game depends heavily on whether any of the cues of the 90's era have any meaning for you, whether you lived through those years or not. It's quite difficult to rate an experience like this one. It isn't a game, for sure, and understanding that from the beginning will help prevent a misbuy or confusion during play.However, Gone Home is something special for those of us who have memories wrapped up in the little things, like the way a cassette tape case could be flipped around into the perfect playing card tray or how the chain of note-passing in school inevitably meandered its way to the Y/N checkbox. It is a treasure for people who watched the age of the typewriter author pass and who remember scrawling crude map directions on scrap paper or napkins: a time when getting lost was far more possible.It's very niche, in my humble opinion, but it has the potential to be very special if you are part of that niche. It certainly is to me."
76561198095897872,Recommended,232430,8313844,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Rickster,"Wow, very surprising game indeed. Did not expect this game to have such a strange story line. Though loved every moment, trying to solve clues, ghost hunting, and I was definitely prepared for a jump scare every moment I was playing. Like this game, a little short sadly :'( but was worth 6.79 from the winter steam sale. Very well worth it. 8.1/10"
,Recommended,232430,8314103,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Regnator,"Gone Home is a first person, exploration ""game"" that uses the environment and various journal audiologs to tell a story plagued with the insecure themes of the 90's. Not much more can be said without spoiling such essential aspects of the narrative. If you enjoy divergent ways of telling a story or grew up in the 90's, this is a nostalgic, compelling purchase."
,Recommended,232430,7510134,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,[GnFnR] Clockwork,An unexpecting emotional ride. Play this game. Know as little as possible going into it and remind yourself how things used to be. How everything matters and nothing matters.
,Recommended,232430,8314583,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Yuigaron_,"First off, whilst I won't say to ignore the bad reviews of this, I cannot whole heartedly say to take any note of them either. This was a fantastic experience, easily completed in under four hours, that is a whirlwind of emotions - through fear to exaltation to dread to sympathy - but there is one thing that may, and has, put a lot of people off; there is not much in the way of traditional gameplay.I fully recommend that everyone play this, whether they play a friends copy or purchase their own, and that if they go into it with the right frame of mind I cannot imagine people wouldn't enjoy it. I feel that those who have not have simply not opened their mind to other types of gameplay than having something physical and tangible in the game world to combat, a conflict they can focus on. This game doesn't have this; the conflict is within yourself and the story."
,Recommended,232430,18477432,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,smams,"It was pretty good. A bit overrated, and probably hard to enjoy now because it got so over-hyped by moronic critics and sjws plus everyone probably has already had the ending spoiled for them by now. All that isn't the game's fault though, it's pretty ok. It has it's place in history."
76561197970689332,Recommended,232430,18512024,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,andrew_irvine,"Fantastic atmosphere, compelling story, absolutely fascinating to play if you like exploring every nook and cranny in an FPS.  I played it all the way through in one setting and found it very emotional as well.But ... at 15 quid for two hours of gameplay I don't think it is particularly good value.  And I did explore everywhere, unlocked nearly everything, all in a couple of hours - and it has zero replayability, the very nature of the game story means it would be pointless to venture back to the house unless you had somehow caught amnesia first.So, highly recommended but bear in mind it is very short, wait for a discount."
76561198028615865,Not Recommended,232430,18650909,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,WHIP GAME LISA FRANK,it's bad
,Recommended,232430,17870687,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,thedeek,A solid and sweet story. Great soundtrack and detailed casual exploration game. Had fun exploring and some of the minor details were really enjoyable.
,Recommended,232430,17856245,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,rmdashrstar,"High marks for trying something different. If you can appreciate that and don't mind themes from teen fiction, give it a try."
,Recommended,232430,8343316,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Venex,Be prepared to get emotional. Good luck my friend.cried/10
,Recommended,232430,18707102,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Seven,"So to start off I did REALLY enjoy the game. I would suggest if you are getting it to buy it on sale as it is a short game and might not be worth the full price depending on how much it is now (I bought it when it was 20 bucks). That being said, I thought it was a very different story then what I thought it was going to lead into. I kept over analyzing most of the plot and enjoyed where it went. I also had to get over the fact that this was NOT a horror game and I shouldnt be afraid to go into the creepy hidden passageways."
,Recommended,232430,18586568,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Ozzmeister00,A unique way to experience a good story.
76561198194714033,Not Recommended,232430,18607531,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,MeenaMinaMoe,"While the game is kind of fun at first (especially if you think of it in classic ""escape"" game style), it slowly fizzles out into an uneventful ending. You spend most of the game looking around for your parents and your sister. You do this by digging through their stuff and essentially listening to your teenage sisters diary (though technically she left these ""notes"" for you to find). It's like walking through a movie that doesn't pay off in the end. I will say that I was enjoying it before it became so repetitive. The graphics are also nice, and there is a little bit of a side story about the house, though that is never really completed, and where your parents are. Let's just say I'm glad i bought this game at a deep discount."
76561198003158427,Recommended,232430,19199044,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,bielzabob,"if you want an action packed first person shooter then walk away, this game is an exploration game where it is up to you how involved you get with the plot and past action of your family.its very eerie in a lot of place and the sound they use is pure genius, more than one i was left staring out of a window whispering 'nope nope nope' to myself before forcing forward.Gone home is a totally different experience that I'm glad I played."
76561198101567211,Recommended,232430,8213256,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Marvelfan211,"This is an expierance unlike any other. It starts off as a surreal exploration, but the drive to play soon became one based on attachment to characters, thanks to the amazing voiceacting and writing. The attention to detail and unique narrative only videogames can give make this one of the few examples of high art in gaming. I was so captivated I played through the whole game in one two hour sitting.If you want something different, or like a good story, then buy this game/experiance.That being said, wait til' a sale. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is short."
76561198051716300,Not Recommended,232430,19303078,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,squarebiz,Immensely disappointing.  I wish I could remove it from my Library.
,Recommended,232430,19318068,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Masina,"It's so unbelievably refreshing for a game (or really any piece of art honestly, but especially games because it's much more rare on this medium) to have a romantic plot centered around a lesbian relationship and having the plot not become a tragedy (IE Life is Strange). The atmosphere feels so unsettling and all the little things really add tons to both the mood and the story. It may be short, but games like these weren't ever meant to last for hours on end. 11/10 I really want more games like this."
,Recommended,232430,19327994,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Dr. OoKillem,Kinda of an intertesting game. Almost like a horror game when it's no where near that. If you like walking simulators then you might want to try this  out.
,Recommended,232430,19328964,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,DizzyE,"This game was incredibly good. You can 100% the game in roughly 2-2.5 hour if thats your thing. Its a voyeuristic approach to the disconnect between family members. You come home as a daughter whos parents and younger sister are all out of the house, and you can explore to your hearts content. A lot of it is narative driven via journal entries your sister leaves you.My inner highschool girl was def brought to tears. Good♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,232430,19295271,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,likexspinningxplates,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game. I loved exploring the house and having the story unfold. The atmosphere of the game was great, and I loved the ending so so much."
,Recommended,232430,19290827,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Michael Culbertson,"If your goal is to ""win,"" this game isn't for you. On the other hand, if you enjoy uncovering every detail in an environment, give Gone Home a try. While the primary storyline is provided through excerpts from your sister's diary, many of the interesting elements of the larger story (of what has been happing in the family while you've been studying abroad) are revealed only through careful examination of artefacts around the house. It's true that the game is short and the ""clutter"" objects are quite repetitive (how many times do we have to look at the same pens and soda cans?), but the sense of discovery is still worth it (though picking the game up on sale is probably a good idae)."
76561198068016023,Not Recommended,232430,19381007,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Thrashbeard,"I don't find this game to be worth 20 dollars.  The story is fine and it's nice that you have to do some digging and connect the dots to get all the details.  But I feel that the gameplay is so bare, even compared to other games that are considered ""walking simulators"" (i.e. The Stanley Parable).  As I said the story is passable, but that's all it has going for it.  When I'm spending money on games, the gameplay matters just as much if not more than the story.   I just don't think this game deserves that steep of a price tag."
76561198117226705,Recommended,232430,20926893,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,SongOfDepletion,"I get why people don't think this game is necessarily worth its full price, but in all fairness, the 642mb download size should have tipped you off in that department.I bought this game for slightly more than free during a Steam sale, and it's been sitting in my library ever since.  I decided to finally play it on a whim, and it's easy to see why some give it an unnecessary degree of praise while others mainly seem offended by the aforementioned praise.Here's the idea of the game: You just got home, nobody is there, and it seems like something borderline cataclysmic happened with your family while you were gone.  The whole game is about walking through your home, finding the artifacts of your loved ones that you might have taken for granted or just not noticed.  You walk, crouch, interact with objects, and that's about it.  And it's great.  It tunes in to that feeling of something just being off when you return to your childhood home after a long time.  Something's changed, or is just out of place and you just know that answers are in the most seemingly accessible place of all, but you're not sure if you want to know.  Maybe not a universal experience, but it resonated with me.In short, this one requires that you remove your gamer goggles and turn on your empathy.  It's worth it."
76561198083689998,Recommended,232430,20943979,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Frank L,"This was a nice little game that was chock full of story, exploration, and good ol' 90's nostalgia."
,Recommended,232430,20947073,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Eyebrows,"This game is a great way to spend an hour or two getting creeped out by ordinary household objects. I really enjoyed the story. If you really put yourself in the big sister's head it's easy to want to rush through the game to figure out what happened, but I strongly suggest that you take your time to gather all the letters and explore every room.  Without spoiling too much I'll just say that if you miss certain ones it's going to radically effect how you interpret the ending.I saw a lot of negative reviews by people who either think $20 is a lot of money, and/or people who found the game offensive.If you're on a tight budget then you should probably catch this during one of the sales.  It's good if you like indie narrative games, but *very* short.  I typically don't like spending too much on a game unless I can get a lot of milage out of it.If you can't take a break from your agenda to play a game then you should spend the $20 on a chill pill copay instead."
,Not Recommended,232430,16712533,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Elric of Grans,"I was a little disappointed by this game.  The game and plot both seemed like they had plenty of potential, but nothing was done with them.  I spent the whole time expecting something to happen.  A story slowly unfolds, a mysterious house, and finally... the most mundane possible explanation to everything possible resolves the story.  Story is almost generous: you could relay the whole plot in five minutes, with most of the just-shy-of-two-hours being wandering around examining mostly meaningless items (turns out the toilet paper is just toilet paper, even though you can pick up and examine every roll!)."
,Recommended,232430,16713277,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Faren22,"I doubt this review will see the light of day, as Steam seems intent on burying this game for whatever reason.Is it short? Yes, it is. The house is big, but in the end it's just a house, and there are only so many places to explore.Is there any replay value? That depends. Personally I think that, like a good movie, the value of experiencing it a second time drastically improves if there's someone else with you for whom it's the first time. So yeah, replay value if you've got a friend to play it or watch alongside.Is it worth $20? That's really up to you. I picked it up for $15 in a Steam Sale and I don't regret it. If you like that's what you can do as well.Is it a good story?It's a story that made me see the world through the eyes of a frustrated and lovestruck teenage girl, a beleaguered writer, a mother whose Christian values don't quite hold up under the strain of life. It's a story that, despite all evidence to the contrary, made me fear the worst for a sister that I never even had. It's a story that partially tells itself, through audio journal entries, but partially it forces you to look through and assemble its pieces yourself.It's a compelling story and an utterly unique game. I would pay full price for it knowing now that there has never been a game exactly like it. Go for it - for $20, or for whatever its rate is on the next Steam sale. It's worth playing for yourself."
76561197973358385,Not Recommended,232430,16713287,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Bullet Sponge,"This game is really interesting - for two whole hours. And then it's done, you've seen it all, and you are left twenty bucks lighter for the experience.****SPOILERS BELOW****I feel like this game would be better served as a manditory playing if you are a parent of a homosexual teen. It does a fantastic job of putting you in the angsty shoes of a teenager who is discovering herself. It doesn't make it salacious, overbearing or unbelievable, but for twenty dollars you could easily ingest something of much more impact for your money and time."
,Recommended,232430,16721905,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,creaturekyle,"Narrative driven exploration games are always a bit of a gamble, you never know if the narrative will pay off in the end.  Will your 2-6 hours be worth the investment?In this case, I thought the answer was a resounding ""yes"".  The story and atmosphere pulled me in, and by the end of my three hours, I found something more engaging and more human than I was expecting.  Loved it."
,Recommended,232430,16631621,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,gabeuro,"I wouldn't pay full price for it (I got it on sale) but it's honestly really interesting and I love the storyline.The whole atmosphere is cool and you can actually explore a lot and look at things that are lying around which is a thing I always miss in other games.The whole thunder and creaking noises freaked me out at times because I'm quite jumpy but there's nothing scary happening.Overall I'd give it a solid 9 out of 10, I honestly had a lot of fun playing this!"
,Recommended,232430,13848314,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Edgy Egg,"Get this game on sale. It is not long enough for $20.That aside, this game is fairly entertaining.  It's sort of a Metroidvania. The emphasis is solely on studying the environment, finding keys or combinations, and figuring where in the house to go next. The writing is admittedly not great, but the aesthetic of the mid-90's is captured quite nicely.Also note that given the game's graphical quality, it is terribly unoptimized. I usually get around 30-40 fps on medium settings at 1080p for modern AAA games, yet this game often chugs at around 20 fps, even on the lowest settings at 720p."
,Recommended,232430,13807030,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,GoettaCat,"I enjoyed the discovery of the storylines with wonderfully emotive narration that didn't get on my nerves. Sadly, it has no replay value so if you are going to purchase do it on a sale. I took my time and only squeezed almost 3 hours out of it.It is enjoyable but be warned that it's a short ride..."
,Recommended,232430,13463927,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Spooky,"Gone Home is a video game, it is a video game which I like.20/10 Myles is a bum face"
76561198043775227,Recommended,232430,13464363,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,BeRzErKeR,Emotional rollar coaster. I was scared of death for my character and my character's family the entire time. Truly a great game.
,Recommended,232430,13465756,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,homosickle,"(Spoilers inc)I bought this game while it was on sale last year and I don't regret the purchase. I agree the $20 price tag is a bit steep for an hour to two hours of gameplay. But for $10, I think it's worth it. The graphics are great and gives you an imersive atmosphere.I enjoyed the story a lot, mostly because there aren't enough games focused around queer girls. Being one myself, it's exciting to play out a story that I can relate to."
76561198088380930,Recommended,232430,13466083,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,emasterslake,The ultimate time capsule for all who remenbered the 90s. Very well crafted and will keep you busy for hours.
76561198073530343,Recommended,232430,13515146,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,João Pedro,"I read some of the reviews bellow and one of the my first thoughts was that it isn't a blockbuster game at all and it is enterely made for those gamers that completely care about the story and live the life of the characters portrayed. You will find no challenges on it, no enemies at all, no battle or any form of the contents that made any adventure or action games good (despite the plot, but of course). If you're a player that think it is worth it for playing a game with none of those things but yet one of the best stories and character development maybe ever made in a video game, condider yourself able to click on read more.The game is short ? yes.  Should it have been longer ? Definitely not !The game as you should read or heard before has only one character appearing on itself for the entire show: yourself. There is no npc, no interactive characters, no enemies, no nobody. Just you, yourself and thy !Now thats one of the amazing things. The game is actually settled in one huge house, really huge, and there was a psycho living in there (not spoilers, you get that in five mins of gameplay).  There is a wheeping voice recording on your voicemail calling for your sister, that left a letter asking you to not contact any of your parents or to say what she have done.I said it was one of the amazing things, wasn't lying. IT IS NOT A HORROR GAME. You are throwed in this whole enviroment with a badass storm on the background and you go on and discover that the house has eletricity problems, so then and then the lights of a really long hallway just start blinking. Also the sound of the game is really amazing, so you hear the wood in your feet make a lot ( a lot !!!!) of noise. But again, it is not a horror game. I'm saying that because i♥♥♥♥♥♥in my pants for some few hours and even searched on the steam community just to make sure that i wasnt, and it isn't. But allong the gameplay you really find yourself splitted in a thriling crazy mansion and a really great story (that was actually awesome) Again, no horror game !But finally, the story: The story is actually told in a very peculiar way. You are a hitchhiker and was in trip for some time that i don't remember. But enough time to your family ( parents and sister) move in to another house. You find the whole house in the moving mood, so sometimes it is sometimes not full of life like a normal house, and again making it better for the scary feeling. You discover about your parents story through doccuments and letters and find a lot about their lives, fears, objectives and commitments to. While about your sister, you follow the story by notes, bottoms, cassette tapes, and a lot of things; allong with a journal that was written by her for you, while you were in that great trip. She writes because you were really close and she don't want you to miss about her life that she always shared with you.The game is actually settled in the 90's, so no internet as you thought ! This ambientalization is made in a very good and with a lot of nostalgia feeling. Just like the cassette tapes, SNES games , the shocking death of kurt kobain, the letter exchanging and of course the good'ol journalThe game is very touching and very grown up, despite its simplicity. The story of your sister and her friend in the new school escalates in a very exciting way, and this is totally a story that you won't forget. I am really afraid of giving spoilers in here. Just know that it is a real crying-maker, beautiful, touchy and pure piece of art inserted in a awesome story and development. To this gem 10/10"
,Recommended,232430,13515373,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,oongaang,Unlike anything I've ever played. Be curious and you will enjoy it.
76561198044746170,Recommended,232430,13516511,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Charlemagne3.0,"Gone Home is an absolutely beautiful game. Not in terms of graphics, or gameplay, but “feeling”. Your character -Kaitlin Greenbriar, is returning home a few days early after a yearlong trip across Europe. The year is 1995, and Kaitlin’s family (Mom, Dad, and little sister Samantha) have moved into a new home, in a new city, while she was away.The home is a large mansion willed to them by her paternal great-uncle. It’s just after midnight, and a violent storm is raging. After retrieving the hidden spare key, Kaitlin enters this strange new environment, only to find it empty. Soon enough she finds a somewhat alarming note addressed to her, written by her younger sister “Sam”. The entire game consist of Kaitlin exploring the large and strange house piecing together what’s happened to her family while she was away, and solving the mystery of Sam’s alarming note.The game perfectly captures the feeling, and alternative culture of 1995. Kaitlin often stumbles across Sam’s mix tapes featuring kick♥♥♥♥♥rock from two of the greatest “Riot Grrrl” bands of the period, Bratmobile, and Heavens to Betsy . If you’re into that type of music, as I most definitely am, you’ll stop just to listen as it plays. The voyeuristic nature of the game- exploring every room, and going through Kaitlins family’s things- adds, along with the raging storm and excellent use of lighting, a strong sense of tension. While the games overall story isn’t particularly ground breaking, or even original, it is incredibly sweet. In point of fact, the whole game could be described as “short and sweet”, and that’s what many have a problem with.Many people object to a two – four hour game (depending on how you play it), having a normal price tag of $20. My personal guess is that the cost is to cover the licensing fees for the music, and the music is an integral part of the game. Regardless, the game is often on sell for 50, or even 75 percent off. How much you pay for it, is up to you. If you’ve never played this type of game before (explorative walking simulator), then you should definitely wait for the lowest price option. Like every gaming genre, it’s not for everyone.One word of warning, the original soundtrack being sold does NOT feature the music of Heavens to Betsy, or Bratmobile, it’s the background and atmospheric music from the game. Whether or not you think it’s worth purchasing –I don’t- is up to you.While there are those out there who don’t consider going home an actual “game”, I most definitely do, and I loved it. For me, it was a short, sweet, and wonderful experience. I eagerly look forward to the developers next effort."
,Recommended,232430,8338154,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Jerry Beans,Running upstairs in fear after turning the lights off: The Game
76561198037698037,Not Recommended,232430,9145462,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Jmike3543,"Not worth the money, a game with a lot of potential that wasted it on a 30 minute walking sim"
,Recommended,232430,14251341,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,JHC,Is that porn!
76561197975468078,Recommended,232430,14251595,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,*** Brutal Assmaster ***,"let me tell you, I thoroughly enjoyed the experience provided by the game ""Gone Home"".What began as a subtle, creeping horror, a feeling that everything you once knew is now, somehow, wrong was quickly replaced by an emotional rollercoaster that, at the end, left me feeling elated and exhausted, and wondering ""what do I do now? WIll I see her again? What can I do now that this has ended?"" It was as if I'd really been a part of something as huge, and exciting, and as horrifying as the experience laid out for the protagonist myself, and something was genuinely missing from my life when I finished this.I actually felt like I connected to the characters, to their story and their plight. I felt lost without them, and I longed to see them again (even though I had never seen them).The audio logs and music in this game made it great for me; it adds a depth to the characters, helps you glimpse their world, and how the world views them, and why the game ends the way it does.This game is a psychological masterpiece, and should definitely be recommended to anyone looking for a depth of storytelling that can (and will) leave you blinking back ""manly"" tears.♥♥♥♥ing play this game, it was incredibly deep and meaningful, and it eclipses many AAA releases for it's storytelling and atmosphere. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,232430,14253016,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Urfquakex,"I enjoyed Gone Home, but not until I returned to it after today after starting it a few months ago. I was confused and felt very anxious when it came to what the game seemed to imply the entire time: that there was something paranormal occuring. This made me walk around corners slowly, and turn on the lights, but eventually you realise what is actually going on.If you're looking for a heartwarming story, then this game is for you. You get attached to Sam, and you begin to get curious about what piece of information you'll discover next. You make assumptions about what your family has been doing, and where they must be (SPOILER: I thought the Dad had killed Sam because she was a better writer or something brutal like that).I recommend it if you enjoy story-driven games, and you strive to find out what happens next."
76561198024050400,Recommended,232430,14254658,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,iHugTrees ^_^,"I was stupid, cuz I bought this game 2 yrs ago, and played for a few minutes, and got bored.I came back to it in Jan 2015, and tried to play the whole thing, and I was delighted.  I slowly discovered what the house & the family are about.  Good narrative, and design.  It's a real adventure, and I actually cared for the main characters.  And I knew what happened to the parents too.  Touching for me.Alright, thumbs up!"
76561197998675051,Recommended,232430,14261638,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Aftiel,"A simple story, well told.  Gone Home is an enjoyable way to spend a couple hours taking a leisurly trip down someone else's memory lane."
76561198012519373,Recommended,232430,13978137,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,gregsasso,Truly an example of games as art. Highly highly recommended.
76561198172615814,Recommended,232430,13889055,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Good_look1134,Environmental story telling at its finest the game makes you work for you story wile you explore your creepy house 8 outa 10
,Recommended,232430,13890193,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,chaosfrogs,"You've been away for long enough that someone should be here to greet you.  But there is no one here.  Find out why.I finished this game in just over two hours, so it's not a huge time investment.  There are definitely things I missed, doors I didn't go through, safes I didn't unlock, so I may play through again.I am impressed with the way the game delivered the story through exploration; without dialog.  You can interact with a lot of what you encounter and it all adds to the environment and, much of it, to the story.Buy this game on sale and spend a couple hours finding out why everyone else left when you've finally gone home."
76561197965004501,Recommended,232430,198901,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,cloister56,"Sort of like the short story equivalent in gaming. This doesn't have much gameplay and I feel lacks replayability, however it is a interesting story, very well told and much like Dear Esther has stuck in my mind. It manages to build tension effectively right through to the end.I think it's one to pick up when the price drops probably for a fiver. It's a couple of hours at most but I think well worth that."
76561198060441782,Not Recommended,232430,14173046,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,The Terramancer,"This game is definitely...interesting, as far as the artsy-fartsy indie game genre goes. Being a game centered around an angsty teenage girl, I wasn't particularly captivated by the story itself, which was a real bummer. However, I was pleased by the means of storytelling this game presented. The game doesn't hold your hand the whole way through, requiring personal exploration of the household and the family itself. This opens an opportunity for the exploration of other members of the family besides the protagonist's sister, which is quite interesting. Piecing together the entire family's story for one's self is definitely satisfying, even if the main story of the game may not be.So, if you like stories that center around angsty teenage girls that say ""like"" about as much as a lawyer might use the word ""hereby"", yet also require a certain amount of critical thinking to fully understand (paradoxically enough), then this would be a good game for you. I give it an 8/10."
,Not Recommended,232430,13684919,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,littlenavi,"Wow, that was short!The game wasn't what I expected. It was ok, for the price, and kept me entertained for it's short duration. I definitely wouldnt have paid full price, and sort of don't know what the point was... but I did play for 75 minutes without a break, so I guess the game was slightly decent."
76561198002045286,Recommended,232430,14187507,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Hdaz86,"This game actually surprised me. It has a very creepy vibe while you are playing it, but tells a great story. I am glad I played this, but would recommend to purchase only if its on sale. Took about 2 hours to beat it (and I took my sweet time exploring) and has zero replay value in my opinion."
,Recommended,232430,14215691,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Caillou Shippuden,"To be honest im impressed of all the bad reviews this game has had.YES it is a short game.YES it is so different from the usual game.YES it is a bit expensive.But come on I think this bad reviews have been excessive.Maybe it is because of all the fuzz in wich the game was born.From a personal point of view.This game is one of the most intense expiriences I have had. Call it a movie. A pieco of dance. A song.This game ties together so many things.I honestly felt what this family was living.Such a deep experience about what means being alive and being alive as part of a whole.I really hope this sets a place for more developers to create games with such a rich story line.And such simple mecanichs.If you are interested in buying it. Please, wait for a sale.Despite what a great game it is.20 bucks is too much."
,Recommended,232430,14218908,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Halcyon,"If you explore every inch of Gone Home's mansion, it will take you about 3 hours.  Not once during those 3 hours will you solve a puzzle, combine inventory items, be chased by a monster or interact with NPCs.  The story is told through rifling through the nooks and crannies of your family's home and uncovering the skeletons who lurk in the closets of your parents and your younger sister.  Virtually all of the dialogue is voiceover narration by your sister in the form of audio logs which chronicle an intensifying relationship with her friend Lonnie.  Gone Home is bursting at the seams with details, the gradual discovery of which slowly patch together a narrative and setting that a man of my age found very easy to relate to.   While some of these details require too far of a stretch of the imagination (love notes or evidence of a possible affair left lying around for anyone to happen upon) and the ending thuds pretty hard, I found Gone Home to be overall enjoyable and the perfect length.  Recommended!"
,Recommended,232430,15763281,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Magsbe,"I know that Gone Home is a game that isn't for everyoe. It seems like there's so much controversy over if this game was really good or not, so I'll try to give my completely honest opinion.Personally, I really identified with Sam, our character's sister. We've both experienced similar feelings and situations. I won't explicitly state the main point of her story since it is a spoiler, but I feel that it's something that most everyone thinks about at some point in their life, or is at the very least exposed to.As I made my way through the house, I could feel myself falling more in love with Sam and her story. The voice acting is spot-on and completely sets the scene. It is perfect. It helps you really identify with this teenage girl's thoughts, emotions, and feelings, and listening to her journal entries is something I still do--practically a year later.I took my time, opening every closet door and picking up every object. It's a game I can easily see myself picking up in the future just so I can revisit the beauty of the house and the story. It's a game that I, personally, have taken a lot away from, and I think that anyone who enjoys a story-driven exploration game will love this, too. I loved everything about this game."
76561198097720031,Recommended,232430,15767306,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,chubs191,I loved this sort of narrative gameplay.  It was a simple way to pass two hours that I got sucked into.  The character of the younger sister was so beautifully portrayed that it had me wondering if this didn't happen to one of the writers of the game.  I highly recommend it.  That being said don't pay the full price for it.
,Not Recommended,232430,15767986,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,litho,overrated and boring.   purely political ratings.
76561198116922176,Recommended,232430,15628762,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,muunilinst,v good game worth it. play it through without stopping it's short and is sorta like a movie. roit girls grunge punks too <3
,Recommended,232430,15632409,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Espaba,has a storymust have cost over 65 million dollars as its more interesting than watch dogs ever was
,Recommended,232430,7802558,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Noctua,"Wonderful story, easy to forget yourself and see things a bit different. Wouldn't pay full price, but definately reccomend picking it up on sale."
,Recommended,232430,7312114,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,GE-64,"This game is beautiful and isn't are horror game like you might think, this game has one of the best storys I've ever seen in a video game and rewards you well for exploring this atmospheric house. If you enjoy story games that are pure in the sense of the word you will enjoy this.9/10"
76561198095657443,Recommended,232430,15733042,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,FreeWillyz,"A fun experience. I'd hardly call it a game, more like an interactive movie, and u can run through it in an hour or two but i really enjoyed the story line. id say it was worth my ten dollars so thumbs up"
76561197984986380,Recommended,232430,14997017,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Captain McScruffy Pants,"A true and innovative take on intereactive story telling.  The level of connection I felt playing this gameis second only to my own real life experiences which are comparitievly similiar to this story.I absolutely must rant and rave about this game.  I cannot describe the complexity of emotions this game elicited throughout the adventure.  When I play games, I mostly go for story telling and content rather than graphics or user interface, and let me tell you this game has story telling capabilities in droves.  To be able to understande everyone's character with nothing more than scraps of information laying around a house. My god, this game deserves a pulitzer for how well the story wa told.To be fair it only took me three hours to complete, but on that journey it makes you travel back through time and just remember every little thing about your childhood and first loves and all that.  I makes you really connect with the characters and really feel their story.  The last time I played a game with such deep emotional impact must have been The Last of Us.  The story is excellent.  11/10 I must say.  There isn't a whole lot of replay value but it is still worth every penny.  And the music is awesome. I am curious if they have a soundtrack for purchase somewhere. See now I am just rambling, but man does the story deserve it."
76561197973859838,Not Recommended,232430,14992555,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,residentconker,i am fine with arsty games. I just want some kind of game aspect to it too.   I thought this might have been somewhat horror or anything interesting but it really wasnt. I made a valient attempt to like it
,Recommended,232430,14992643,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Nivekwons,"I can't really call this a game, but more an interactive experience.This is for those that value story over gameplay, because, well there isn't much in the way of gameplay here. It's a story you experience rather than play through. It really is a beautiful story of love that's told peiceby piece as you wander the house looking for clues to where your family is. Note: if you come from a era of gaming where searching every nook and cranny was essential, you can easily finish the story in under 5 minutes, but the game is meant to be a mental and emotional experience that covers the span of at least an hour. Gone Home is absolutely not for everyone, if you don't hold story over gameplay, be prepared for a let down. Knowing the concept (without spoilers) in advance as I did helped with my expectations of the game so I could realistically judge my experience and enjoyment. That being said I enjoyed it for what it was, a walk and let the story unfold experience. There were a few let downs for sure, they could have added more of a puzzle aspect rather than just a couple locks require a 4 digit code. There is also an ever present yet underlying theme of haunted house and ""spookyness"" they used to try and use to make you feel uneasy going through the house. That in the end is more of a poor attempt to distract the player from the story which you can figure out fairly quickly will not involve anything ""spooky.""Overall if you want a new look at storytelling, I'd recommend this but only on a sale as a $20 price tag is far too steep for a game of this nature. I got mine for about $2 and I got my money's worth out of it!"
,Recommended,232430,14994763,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,JMESON75,"This was a cool little story and adventure.  A good, calm, time killer."
76561197960431441,Recommended,232430,14978175,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,JPMcWhiskers,"This is a narrative from the first person perspective, and I found it enjoyable.  Was I moved?  Yea, slightly, but enough that I found the experience memorable.  it's a big house you're wandering around in, and it's sometimes a little creepy being alone for so long.Either way, I recommend the game.   It's short enough that a bad recommendation won't burn you for long."
,Recommended,232430,555099,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,"[REDi]1R MAJ princecoo [A,D,ds]","This game was not even on my radar. It got a 10/10 in the video game article on the front page ofSomethingawful.com, and it was cheap, so I threw caution to the wind and bought it.This is hands down the most touching, emotional game I have ever seen. Wonderful atmosphere, and getting a peek into the secret lives of this family as you explore this big empty house, it really is a unique and extremely well done experiment in story telling.I shed a tear. Do yourself a favour, and get this game."
,Recommended,232430,15562968,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Clary Sage,Great story. Play it at home when it's quiet and you won't be bothered for a couple of hours -- you can do this in a sitting and the atmosphere you get from it is amazing. (I promise: no jump scares. I can't promise you won't feel scared tho.) ;)
,Recommended,232430,12239355,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Antechrist,"Recommended if it's on sale, otherwise it's rather overpriced. A short but touching little bit of interactive fiction that perfectly captures the 90s."
,Not Recommended,232430,15798161,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Skid,Not wurf the value
,Not Recommended,232430,15798509,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Rowlo,"https://theunfinishedgamer.wordpress.com/I began my playthrough of Gone Home ignorant of what I was about to experience. All I knew is that the game had received a lot of critical praise (including a 9.5 from GameSpot).Once I had finished my sixty minute adventure (this game is currently listed at £14.99 on Steam) I was completely and utterly disappointed.I felt that Gone Home misleads the player from the very start. It appears to set up a horror mystery. As Sarah you return home from a year long trip around Europe only to find no one is home and there’s a hastily written letter from your sister Sam attached to the door, essentially explaining she’s ran away, but not to worry “we’ll see each other again some day.”It’s the middle of the night and you’ve let yourself in to this big, creepy house. Lightening can be seen bursting through the windows and the sound of thunder fills the corridors. Lights also flicker on and off for no reason (which is explained in a document later, if you find it) and when you’re inspecting clues the floorboards noticeably creek, hinting that you’re not alone.It sets a scene that would fit into any generic horror tail and early on when you’re hearing voices down the end of a hall it sends a shiver down your spine. I did not think this was a horror title going in, I had no expectations for jump scares, the game itself made me believe it was a horror after the opening ten minutes.Ultimately the horror theme slips away and it is replaced with a story of love. At first glance it appears a bath is decorated in blood, only to be revealed through a clue that it’s just hair dye. The voices heard are coming from a TV and the creaks of the floorboards really are just the sounds of an old house moaning and groaning.I can understand why people really enjoyed his game. It’s a different type of story for videogames, and a nice throwback to the nineties. Also wandering around a big house piecing together what happened to your sister is fun. However, the 90s nostalgia and what actually happened to your sister really did not appeal to me.Games where I get rewarded for suspending people in mid-air and then rewarded for shooting them In the♥♥♥♥♥seems to be where my mental state is right now…"
,Recommended,232430,2022710,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Major Neddie,"Gone Home is a bold, human experience, a thoughtful episode like those which comprise your own, prosaic life. It is different, good, and all too fleeting."
76561198104531719,Recommended,232430,13790045,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Her Scariness the Queen,I did enjoy the mystery of this game.  It's just a little creepy and overall a interesting puzzle.  The graphics and camera motion where a bit choppy which resulted in a few migrains.  Took about two hours to compleat.  Took way longer then I feel it should have for all that ended up being the actual plot.
,Not Recommended,232430,13601722,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Fazoodles,"While on sale this is an entertaining game for about 1-2 hours. I would not spend the full $19.99 on this game because of how short it was. It keeps you captivated, but again the price is a problem."
76561198107344015,Recommended,232430,14286177,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Javitzso,So many subtle directions at once.  The developers must have had a great time making this game.  Thank you for the experience.  I haven’t seen one of those 3D posters since the 90’s!!  ;)
,Recommended,232430,14289239,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Wholly,"Just know what you're getting into.  This is a headphone game and I recommend that you try to do it in one sitting.  Remember who you are and that you've been away.And that this is not your house, but it is your family..."
76561198002105607,Recommended,232430,7851370,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Monsieur Eek,"Successful both in the sense of being absorbing and touching as you play it, but also afterwards once you've taken a step back, in being a quiet milestone in gaming."
76561198001325073,Not Recommended,232430,2039287,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Bekzor,"I appreciate what this game is trying to do, but I did not enjoy it.  It's a story, not a game.  It was over priced (at $18) and the actual gameplay was short.  There is no replay value.I would not recommend this to others."
,Recommended,232430,15991101,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,sad bird man,"I can very tentatively and conditionally give this one a thumbs up. So let's go through what's good about it:+ Story is not readily apparent and is told completely through artifact collection+ Minimal yet effective sound design, including voice acting+ Very detailed environment, often evoking the spookiness typically seen in horror games+ Story has several threads that are intriguing both independently and as part of greater narrative (seriously, wassurprised at how hard some of the little detail hit me)But of course, there is a lot to be desired as well- Gameplay consists solely of walking through house, picking up objects to look at them, clicking objects to activatethem- Very short, even if it conveys the story well in that time- $20 is extremely steep for the amount of involvement you have in the story- Story could have built some more mystique, but instead opted to finish in a relatively mundane fashion. Sort of aletdown in the compared to the brilliant details you can uncover.- Story could have been excellent layer beneath engaging gameplay, but is instead the sole layer of the experienceSo yeah, it's definitely slow, story-focused, and pretty dang short. If you enjoy a solid story and exploration, you may like it, but it is by no means a 10/10. I'd personally give it about a 7/10 for what it is."
,Recommended,232430,13516818,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mutant Renegade,"While I recommend buying this game on sale as i imagine many people would feel it is not worth the $20 price tag i still recommend you get this game. I've seen a lot of reviews criticizing the game for ""not having a payoff"" or that the twist is ""really easy to guess"" and most of the time it's because people expected this game to be something it isn't. This is simply a game where you arrive at an empty house at 1 am at a time where cell phones weren't common. The reason why the explanations aren't as exciting as what you can create in your mind is because the simple explanation is the realistic one. They say upfront that there are no puzzle or combat, this is a game you are meant to lose yourself into.   As for the plot twist, yeah it's easy to guess but they aren't really trying to hide it. Guessing the ending isn't as important as following everything that leads up to the wonderful ending to this game. Don't rush through this game because it will disappoint you, take your time and let all this game has to offer soak in and it will be a wonderful expirience."
,Recommended,232430,15920574,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Bojack Horseman,"Amazing Game! Great Graphics, Amazing Storyline, and definitely fits the time period."
,Recommended,232430,15972210,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,diribative,Almost as much detail and realism as you could want. Definitely a good interactive movie.
,Recommended,232430,15976618,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Rikusgirl1,"The story took quite the unexpected turn from when I first booted it up. It's short, but interesting. I thoroughly enjoyed it, though I probably won't be doing a second playthrough."
76561198004549326,Recommended,232430,15980358,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,redrum,"This game has a good story that takes you into it and makes you wonder where it goes. You find your sister's journals and thus the story unfolds and in the end where your sister and parents are. The story is cool and the references to 90's makes you smile if you are old enough but you'd want more from the game. You want to delve deeper into the game but the game doesn't give you that.Unfortunately game is a little short as I've said you'd want to see much much more insight and action.With this state I'd recommend the game to nearly anyone but some of you may not find what they re looking for.Lastly ""Gone Home"" does not have that much re-playability."
76561197989789853,Recommended,232430,15982303,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Franco,"I guess you could call this a twist on the 'find the object' style games that exist, albeit one in first person with smart graphics, sound and narration that serve to tell the story of the protagonist's family; primarily that of the youngest daughter.The action - wandering about, finding stuff, solving the occasional puzzle and piecing together the story - takes place in the family's deserted and somewhat spooky old house which makes for a slightly unsettling atmosphere, although I would stress that this is *NOT* a horror/jump scare game. That said, one moment did give me the creeps, though I'm a bit of a wuss so don't let that put you off!If you're after an interesting story which is not too challenging to while away a few hours, this may be for you."
,Not Recommended,232430,13555845,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Olo Sabandija,"""Gone home"" is not even a videogame, it's an irrelevant, diminute, repetitive interactive story, most likely ripped off a teenage girl's diary.This ""videoLame"" is a constant cocktease, the setting, a huge house in the night, in the middle of the storm, it kinda makes you hope for a silent hill/resident evil ripoff, every new key found has in it the promise of new horrific things to be found in the next misterious room.Aaand, notes, pictures, absolutely nothing out of the ordinary.There's a part that makes you think a satanic plot twist is ahead to save this sinking ship of a story, but leaves you with the gaming equivalent of a severe case of the blue balls.It would take a single tweet to tell you the whole story, but I won't, if you make the mistake of buying this crap, you deserve to go through about two excruciating hours of frustration to piece the story together.There will be people who may find this story interesting but that is the kind of people I would promptly delete and unfollow on every single social network, morons who liked twilight or titanic, that sort of people.The story of this game has the most anti-climax ending I have ever heard, and I have listened to my 6 year old niece trying to tell me a joke older than myselfIt would be more entertaining just to burn the money you planned on spending in this game, also the fun would last longer.Even if it's on sale, even if you are curious, even if it's free, even if you fall for the five star reviews it got from the same journalists that praised ""depression quest"", hell, even if they PAY YOU to play it, is still not worth it.It will sit forever with your other games as a reminder of your poor judgement, hanging there like a gigantic zit between the butt cheeks of your game library.forever...And no amount of CoD, Titanfall or Skyrim will ever wash the shame.*sheds a regretful tear in a manly fashion*"
,Recommended,232430,13627765,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Randolph Cherrypepper,"TL;DR: Think of Gone Home like a 2 to 3 hour long movie in the mystery / drama genre. The drama is presented in a mature way, but the main story material is coming of age meets teen angst. Wait for the Steam price to line up with an acceptable cost for that experience.Too long, read anyway:To describe the game-ness, consider Gone Home like a movie that you dig up as an archaeologist might. (not Indiana Jones or Lara Croft, but the kind of archaeologist that sits in the dirt and sun for 7 days straight).The characters in this story are implied by personal narratives rather than drawn as actors taking the stage in front of you. There are no visual cutscenes. The main story arc is handed to you as readings from Sam's journal. The other characters, including the character the player controls, exist by means of the artifacts found in the home: letters to them or from them, their personal possessions, and the spatial context of their possessions. Through these artifacts, their side story arcs are discovered.In this way, the house itself becomes a character. You learn about the house's past. You can dig up why some unusual quirks of the house exist as they do. Sam's interactions with the house are as significant to the house's story as they are to her own.There is almost no replayability in my opinion. Completionists can seek online for lists of artifacts to discover what might have been missed on a previous run. Folks who enjoy watching a movie the second time with commentary are covered: the game now includes the ability to play through with developer commentary. Outside that, there's not much reason to fire up the game after the first play through. Then again, I'm the kind of person who never watches the same movie twice.I don't normally feel emotions. Movies like Requiem for a Dream are rare, where I feel the ups and downs, and I get absorbed into the emotions of the setting and characters. A movie like that, no matter what bad I can say of it, must be well done if it can make me feel something besides apathy.There is one part of the game that caused me to have a visceral reaction. I felt anxious and I found myself actively avoiding an area of the game. There was something there I knew I did not want to see, but the game pushed me ever towards that area. The ending delivered the feels. Since I was led to feel feelings like a regular human, I must give Gone Home a thumbs up."
,Recommended,232430,6238011,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,J-Cube,This short game made me the happy kind of sad!
76561198075228637,Recommended,232430,13424892,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,HerrSchafer,"It's hard to accurately describe or review a game like Gone Home and not give out spoilers.  It's an atmospheric experience centered around finding out the fate of your family while you've been out of the country.  Although I loved it, it definitely isn't a game for everyone and I don't think there is enough game to justify the full price (I think I beat it in 2-2.5 hours).Quite simply, if you like reading the books in skyrim, you'll enjoy this game.  If you think the ""codex"" is the worst/most boring part of a game, you won't enjoy this.I would suggest picking it up if you ever see it on sale."
,Recommended,232430,13428023,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,tramstheman,"Insanely good story line. Beware, this is not a game, but an interactive story. All you do is explore a house trying to solve puzzles while piecing together the story of your family over the last year."
,Recommended,232430,514935,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Mothhive,Absolutely amazing story driven game! I'd highly recommend
,Recommended,232430,13506644,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,TheFairlaner,"Great story. Game play is a bit lacking in depth and the whole thing is over too quickly but I don't think any of that was the point of this title. I think of this as more of an interactive short story and, in that vain, it's pretty engrossing."
76561198061539832,Recommended,232430,13518440,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Redleaf,"If you are looking for a different adventure game experience, this is just for you. An emotional story which you can proceed by finding clues in a abandoned home."
,Recommended,232430,13528563,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,HunBar,"Gone Home is a very excellent atmospheric story. Can be finished if playing casually for three hours, but it's a nice little story and a pleasure to play through.If you miss the 90s, this game will make you feel right at home. ... Almost as if you've ""Gone Home"" .... Heh heh."
,Recommended,232430,13529809,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,meg,"Absolutely phenomenal.  Don't go into this expecting anything but quiet, at times eerie, and honest storytelling.  Can't say anything without revealing spoilers, but the game did an amazing job of telling Sam's story, and - I speak from experience - it's a story that is incredibly true to life."
,Recommended,232430,13530336,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,'eavy Metal,"This game is Not For Everyone(TM), but honestly, what is? While Gone Home is easy to reduce to nothing with just a few words, it's the details that make it so special. If you enter the experience with the right frame of mind, it will show how games are able to make small personal life events feel epic in a way that saving the galaxy from robots can never match."
76561198060146383,Recommended,232430,13797857,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,tiny baby,"There's something oddly intimate and personal about a home. The things someone could infer and find out about you solely based on things they can find in your quaters is startling.Gone home is an interesting game for me to review, as it isn't a typical game that I would play. In fact, nothing about it is typical. Gone Home is a mystery adventure game where you play as a college age woman returning from a year in Europe to find her families new home empty. If you look at Gone Home in terms of it's story, it's great. I would say brilliant, but the ending left something to be desired, as well as leaving Oscar's story a tad bit cofusing. The gameplay itself is nothing speacial. You wander through a huge, empty house, picking up and discovering anything and everything you find, hoping it will lead you to the next chunk of story.If you pick apart Gone Home, it isn't a particularly appealing game, but as a whole, the experience is unforgettable. The story along with the gameplay, just works. Every picture, soda can and post it note is part of the grand story, that you get to put together. You're excited to find a note book, a scrap of paper, to open up the next door. You get attatched to the characters based on the things you read, find and hear. The gameplay alone couldn't do that, and the diary entries alone couldn't either.Gone Home is a perfect example of what interactive story telling can really do. It can effect you in tons of different ways, something a movie or book just can't do.8.5/10"
,Recommended,232430,13798137,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Auzz,A fun little experiment with Narrative.  Wonderfully nostalgic for a childhood in the early 90's era.   A warming story. :)
76561198165101245,Recommended,232430,13798642,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,justinevanromeo,This great game tells a slowly revealing love story the only negative part would be the legnth (i finished in 90 min.)
,Recommended,232430,13809651,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Tr0ss,play this game!
,Recommended,232430,13815030,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Befraia,"What a surprise! Or should I say, what a confirmation: Indie titles like this make gaming for an old pal like me attractive again. This game has a story, with depth and realism. The idea to put this into a old style clic adventure, well, makes it something completely new. I was impressed with the story details. And the soundtrack, well done!As for the technical part, some glitch when playing it on GNU/Linux systems, but you found help easily in the web. I was able to play it OK after applying the little fix.I rate this 8/10. One point because of the glitch and another goes for the short play time (finished it in three hours only), so beware to buy it when it is on special sale."
,Recommended,232430,13670993,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Taevari,"Pretty much just sat down and played right through it. After a bit of reading, I think I missed a few things, but anyway.I understand the negative reactions to this game. It's not a game. It borders of Dear Ester territory - a visual narrative of somebody elses story. All you do is pick up and look at things, whilst trying to work out which way the story goes. (And I'll be honest, I was expecting a full on satanic ghost story half way through).The story itself - it only really appeals to a very niche market. And I for one, really enjoyed it. I felt myself feeling a lot of emotions whilst playing through, and I'm sure I welled up at some point too.TLDR; a very well narrated story, but only appeals to a small market so don't get this unless it is on offer in some way."
76561198025657019,Recommended,232430,13671126,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Antoini,Nice game with a great story!
,Recommended,232430,13673665,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Strandtasche,"I definitely wasn't expecting this kind of ""game"" when a friend recommended it to me. To me it's much more similar to a book than to any kind of game I ever ""played"". This is not a bad thing, but an interesting one. I strongly recommend this one if your interested in innovative new ways of stortelling"
76561198037137926,Recommended,232430,13674844,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,CastorGamer,Very good and interesting game. Whether or not it is worth the price tag is debatable but it's still very good. You should get it on sale like I did to avoid buyer's remorse.
,Not Recommended,232430,13675508,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,paulfiction.com,"Very little content and puzzles. Surprisingly short game. Good idea, but it feels like only a prelude."
76561197973311383,Recommended,232430,13676985,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Skythe,"Yet another fresh gaming experience. It has an unconventional way of story-telling which i really enjoyed.The only downside of the game for me was merely technical. It has very bad performance and so I had to play with a somewhat low framerate. But this doesn't apply to all players, so I don't count it as much. And you don't need to have a very high framerate to enjoy this game, because a lot of the magic happens in your brain, and not your computer. ;)"
,Not Recommended,232430,13677002,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Menji,When you step back a take a look at how this game is presented in the first ten minutes - it sounds amazing. Except it doesn't deliver in anything you hoped for. Waste of time and money.
,Recommended,232430,17798489,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Fuzzy Proxy,"This game is short and revolves around exploring a house and filling in the gaps of a story that has already transpired.  If that's not appealing to you from a gameplay standpoint, don't play this game.If you want a story that's evocative and touching, tapping into some real emotions and their impact on people, play this game.  If you want a story about women, particularly queer women, play this game.To say any more would honestly ruin the experience.  Just let Gone Home happen to you.  Play it in a single sitting, let it envelop you in its setting and story."
,Recommended,232430,17790618,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Cracker Please,"An incredibly lovely (if short) video game story.  I recommend going into this blind to the story, just be aware that it really is a story that you discover and not a typical game.Just phenomenal. Wait for a sale though."
76561198090583680,Recommended,232430,17805257,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,toughchick,"I am absolutely in love with this game. It is nothing short of a beautiful story artisticaly presented. Before Life is Strange it was my favorite game of all time. Even now it's stll a strong second.  It's the type of game you finish and then cry. It's short but can be longer if you linger and look at evrything. Even once it's finished you can play it again like your favorite movie or a good book. I understand that many people feel the prce is too steep ,but I'm so glad I got it anyway."
,Recommended,232430,17669135,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Challak,"Suggested Retail Value: $10 (pay this much or less and I doubt you'll regret it)First Play Value: 5/5 (a story-driven exploration game that's carried by love, not fear)Replay Value: 1/5 (once you've experienced it once, I doubt you'll come back)Arriving home after a long trip away, you find the house empty. Searching around will reveal why you're alone, and along with it a touching story, wonderfully told.This isn't a horror game. But it does have that unsettling feeling one might experience when coming home and finding you're all alone during a thunderstorm. Newspaper clippings, letters, files, audio tapes (etc) gradually reveal what has happened since you've been away, and though the game can technically be finished in about 30 minutes or so (once you know exactly where to look and which paths to take through the home), you'd be denying yourself a wonderful narrative if you didn't explore the home and the items in it on your first play through.With that said, the game likely has little to no replay value, aside from maybe wanting to experience the story again in the far future.I recommend it if the above interests you, and I'd say stay away from it if you need your games to have action/danger or want challenges to overcome that can be failed."
,Recommended,232430,7145134,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,CREED,Oh My God... So good.  Nothing better than a great indie game.
,Recommended,232430,3369370,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,16_Bitbear,Go ♥♥♥♥ing play this game right now. Omg.
76561198002008752,Recommended,232430,2084286,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Crumb Factory,"About the only thing I could say against this game is that the pricetag is a little high for the amount of playtime. Having said that, I enjoyed every minute that I played. Gone Home kind of strikes a sweet spot between an adventure game and a visual novel. There are no real puzzles to stumble over, but you're still granted the freedom to explore and interact with your environment and discover the interweaving stories at your own pace. Some people might argue that there isn't much actual ""game"" to be found here, but regardless of whether or not that is true, it's certainly an effective piece of interactive media."
,Recommended,232430,254421,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,akiradice,"I haven't been this blown away by a storytelling experience in a game in a long time.   This game really utilizes the potential in environment exploration we experienced in games like Heavy Rain, Walking Dead, or Fallout 3.  Unlike those games, not only is gone home non-violent, it is a much more ambient, deeply personal experience.  And I mean REALLY personal.  I found myself teary eyed by the end of the game and understood how Polygon was quick to give it a perfect 10.  If you're ready for an intriguing first person narrative game, this is among the best."
,Recommended,232430,440638,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,[UND] kkendd,One of the best storytelling I've experienced in a long time. Play with keen eyes and discover as much as you can to learn about the rich story behind the voiceless characters. It's best to start playing without knowing anything about Gone Home.
76561197992593356,Recommended,232430,1388272,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Vox Placitum,A must play for anyone interested in games as narrative.
,Recommended,232430,7508720,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,lowlyIntern,"An amazing game, with some of the best and most fully human characters I've seen in games. A must-play."
,Recommended,232430,16636729,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Chuckbucket,"It was short and simple, I enjoyed it. It was nice to play a game that was different from my usual genres."
,Recommended,232430,16636816,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Issa Peng,"Was a little convinced this was a horror game in the first 10 minutes of gameplay and throughout due to the creepy-esque feel from the sound effects and the darkness of every room in the house. But upon completion of the game, and reading every single note I could find, I realised that this game is one of the most beautiful games I have played in a very long time. You can tell that the developers of this game were very passionate about it and the work that they put into the game was amazing.People see these type of games where you have to walk around and read things as boring, but if people actually play this game they will see that the game is a lot more and that it's truely such a perfectly developed game.10/10 in my opinion. Extremely happy I purchased this game."
,Recommended,232430,16639555,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,santosa,"A powerfull gameplay and story line, you have to play it like watching a movie, with all your attention and get cought for the game.10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,232430,16640552,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,d4-,yes
,Recommended,232430,16727338,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,rigby,"rebellious feminist lesbians make me so happy yet so, so sad"
,Recommended,232430,16735588,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,conorler45,"Although this game is very short, I found it definitely worthwhile. Great story--which is what the game is. Much more of a story than a game. It's relaxing, intriguing, and scary at the same time. The develepers made a game in which there is no slenderman that will pop out to scare you, but the setting of an old mansion within itself is just creepy and puts you on edge. I don't think this game is for everyone, it's a walking and exploration simulation, and kind of like the stanley parable in a way, so if you liked that game definitely check this one out."
,Recommended,232430,7295279,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,ThorButtockth,"I'll keep this short and sweet, like this game.This game is most definitely not for everyone. Its an exploratory romp through a house with a lot of interaction, but not much action. With that said, if you enjoyed games like Telltale's The Walking Dead, Heavy Rain, etc., with an emphasis on strong narrative and storytelling rather than gameplay, you may love this one. It tells a  story that's been told before, but with an excellent execution that affected me deeply."
,Not Recommended,232430,16765544,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,LyndonHM,"This was advertised as a horror game. It is not. As soon as I realized this, I wanted to stop playing. I like story in games, but this was not an interesting story. The themes this game are trying to get across are very weak. I feel this game is getting undue praise just for tackling a subject matter that games rarely do. I'm sure games can explore the themes of sexual identity and familial acceptance, but no game has done it successfuly yet, especially not this one. Also, twenty dollars is far too high a price tag for a game so lacking in real gameplay, and not to mention being little over an hour long. If you want to enjoy something that follows these themes that if worth the time, I'd reccomend watching the movie ""Boys Don't Cry"". If you wan't a game that does, you're sadly out of luck. 2/10 -Some great visual design, but a lack of meaningful gameplay in combination with a thin pretentious plot does not make this over priced game worth the time or money."
,Recommended,232430,7554605,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Octobre,Holy wow. Just play this. Now.
,Recommended,232430,16766582,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,goldyex,One of the best story-telling games there currently is on the market!
,Recommended,232430,16767222,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,her pussy bald like caillou,Best linear story walking simulator ever. Best choice of music for a video game ever. 11/10
,Recommended,232430,16767242,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjenson,"Firstly, I'd recommend it when it's on sale just on how short of a story it is. Yes, it's completely a story. Don't expect massive gameplay. But the story is rather cute, if not predictable, and good to hear at least once.  Pick it up."
,Not Recommended,232430,16767710,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,potatoleague,"If you like rummaging through other people's stuff, this game has about 90 minutes of that for you. Not much else."
,Not Recommended,232430,16766202,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Kryptography,"Barely a game, so how is it as a story?  It's trite and predictable and feels like it was written by a 15 year old in a creative writing class.It's pretty and it's short, but not worth buying.  Absolutely in no way worth the praise it has received IMO."
76561198071310920,Not Recommended,232430,16768111,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,I 💖 Kake 5everrrr💖💖,I should have known better than to buy a game (even on sale) that was reccomended by Feminist Frequency.0/10. Will not accept reviews from  game journalists again
,Recommended,232430,16768785,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Alvaro,"Short, touching, poignant and beautiful."
76561197977086931,Recommended,232430,16818375,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,JacobF,"This game is an exploration game more than anything. You play as a young woman who comes back home after a year abroad. The family have recently moved into a new house so you explore the house, finding items that give you backstory on the mother, father and sister as you go. The main story is the sister's and is told through dialogue as you find noteworthy items. The story is engaging and you will find yourself easily playing it in an evening for the full 2.5 hours it takes to complete. It's more of an experience than a game. There are no puzzles, scares or action to really speak of but the game does well to set a tone and tell quite a touching story from the point of the sister. Give it a go, perhaps it's your kind of game."
,Recommended,232430,16818420,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Wolfesbrain,"TL;DR: it's not a game for everyone, but if you're looking for something different, something a little slower paced, this is a great game with an interesting story. It's only about two and a half hours long if you play like I do (and I'm fairly average at figuring things out and I like to poke around, exploring things, but I'm not a 100% completionist), and there's not a lot to revisit, so replay value is kind of low--on that front, it's more like a good book than a video game. You'll pick it up again in a few months, already knowing everything, but just wanting to experience it again. The dev's added a commentary mode, so I guess that adds some replay value, but I haven't checked it out yet.A lot of the complaints I read about this game mentioned that it was repetitive; you're just wandering a house. Find this clue, go to the next room, find another clue. And it is exactly this. Exploring a house, finding clues as to what's going on, trying to piece together the mystery of an empty house after you come back from a trip.It's no less repetitive than more mainstream games ""go here, kill this guy, grab this item, use it to go there and kill that guy"". It's just different. If different bothers you this is not the game for you.If you're looking for a change of pace, a short breather and palate cleanser between one ""go here, kill him"" game and the next, this is the game for you.The primary story is intriguing; it definitely leads you towards certain assumptions, building tension as you find more and more clues and hear more and more of Katie's little sister's story. The subplots are also very interesting--trying to piece together the life that's going on around Katie's little sister as she tells her story is just as interesting as hearing hers. Figuring out Katie's parents' marriage, her father's relationship to the house, the house's relationship to the community and how that all flows in and out and around the little sister's story is so great."
,Not Recommended,232430,16820701,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Fuszion,"It was OK. Not worth $20. Took me 1.5 hrs to complete in my first run while taking my time to open and go through everything.I don’t really see this as a game. There is no way to lose, no puzzles to solve, nothing.You just walk around, look at things, and go where it tells you to.At one point it makes you think it’s a super natural story or something and that it’s going to be scary. The only thing that you might be able to say was ""scary"" was a light that goes out at one point. That’s it.It felt more like a low budget indie film about gay love. Not that I have a problem with that, I was just expecting a GAME!"
,Recommended,232430,15457759,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,_NeverGrow,"Gone home is NOT something everyone should experience for $20.Gone Home IS something that everyone should experience as long as they understand that it is short, and more about proving a point than being entertaining.Picking this up on a sale is the best way to go since your expectations will be lowered, some called this an ""interactive museum"" and in some ways that sums things up quite well, as you mainly walk around an empty house interacting with bits and pieces of the scenery to uncover the story underneath, and for that, I think that Gone Home is a great experience because it's not huge and climactic. It's short, its emotional, and it's very real.For that, you should absolutely play Gone Home."
,Not Recommended,232430,15680427,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Mr. Peanutbutter,"A super short length and a story far too obvious hold back a game rich in the little details that make it special. For me, the story fades into the background as the player can tell the developers put a lot of effort into making the player think its really 1995. If you're not bothered by the fact that the game can be completed in 90 minutes or way less, I guess this might be a fun pitstop."
,Not Recommended,232430,16785995,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,huskobon,"It's okay, and that's about it.  The graphics are nice, and the enviorment does setup a nice pace of just enjoying the game exploring with a slight feel like something is creeping around (but isn't).  I actually really enjoyed the voice acting for what it was worth. The music was also okay when it was playing.Overall, if you really want to go through it, buy it cheap, and don't expect much. It's pretty much Resident Evil without the Evil.....Now the down sides, and spoilers......****SPOLIERS****Okay, so it only took me 93 minutes to beat this game after looking at EVERYTHING and just messing around. The secrets are easy to find, and the map does all the work telling you where the ""secrets"" are. The ""twist"" about being a lesbian and building up over Lonnie is just kind of a let down in the end.  The story told in letters does somewhat grab the emotions on the whole ""lost love"" feeling, but the payoff at the end just really drops the ball here.  I went in expecting more of a mystery over the whole ""psycho house"" thing you read about a little bit, and the odd phone messages, but it really leans more for the lesbian lover in letters collected.  Also, one gripe I kind of had was the fact that some of the letters, while really well designed, felt I could barely understand because of the handwriting curves (not all, but some)."
76561197997357698,Recommended,232430,16787430,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,cobalt,"Nice game, I liked the story a lot. Super short though (less than two hours, and I think I read everything)."
76561198170667375,Recommended,232430,16787537,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Kai,*Spoiler*this game is gay
76561198067241663,Recommended,232430,16788223,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Ego,"Picking up Gone Home was a tough choice, its a game that I don't typically play, and I have a long record of not finishing games, as well as impulse buying. But my love for story telling, and interesting plot and characters overcame me and forced me to try something new. With its short run time, and very interesting story that problem was eliminated and I got to the end in one sitting. Though for 20$ i would have felt less good about this pick up, that does not take anything from the game, the story was very good, and I wanted to  finish it, I had the desire to see it to the end (I  was playing during a dark and stormy night, that added something). The only reason I still have it on my computer is so I can have my friends play it, its short run time makes it easy to just make someone play it then watch them explore this house. I played it by myself and it was still atmophsperic, the only downside being I really wanna talk about it but this is the kinda game that the less you know about it the better. So get it, beat it, then ask your friends if they have a spare 2 hours cause thats an approximate run time for this game, more or less depending how good you are at minor puzzles and clue finding, it does not pose too much of a challege though and I never foundd myself ""stuck"", as long as you are exploring everything you will find everything you need."
76561198047455977,Not Recommended,232430,16788330,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,smokeinmyeyes2,"It's a hard one for me to judge.This game is like a dr jekyll and mr hyde.The first half sets up some interesting questions and even puts together a decent, spooky atmosphere - all with adequate (but a little clumsy) storytelling.  The game leads you through the character's backstories and reasonably fleshes them out, introducing new information carefully, albeit sometimes slowly.But that 2nd half of the game just explodes with the evacuated bowels of pretension, bad storytelling, and a 'twist' that deflates the entire suspense of the game, leaving me to say ""really?""."
,Recommended,232430,16788448,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Miss Void,"While playing through this game, I wasn't sure how it would play out. However, with the ambience and the story developing through every paper and note I found, I grew emotionally invested in the playthrough. Once I reached the very end, I was in tears. Maybe not out of fear, though that could have been the initial reason, but absolute happiness.I definitely recommend this game. Though it's short, and I would love for it to be longer, the development of the story is at an extremely good pace that is neither boring nor giving you a feeling that the story is just being thrown at your feet. I would definitely play it again."
,Recommended,232430,16788697,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,The Cloud™,"A fantastic exploration of how first person games can engage with other verbs than the standard ""kill"" and still be engrossing and entertaining."
,Recommended,232430,16788794,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Mephane,"I managed to not get spoiled about the game beyond the basic premise - you come back home and find the house empty, and follow clues to determine what happened - before playing it, and was pleasantly surprised. I felt really moved by some of the diary entires, and the finale was just perfect."
76561197966557804,Recommended,232430,13049116,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,The Rabid Otter,I adore this mystery / adventure. It is profoundly novel for this medium. And touching.
,Recommended,232430,13113205,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Mange,"It's a rather short experience, but not too short. The length is like a extra long, epic movie, which makes it possible to complete the game in a single setting with a nice drink in hand and headphones on head.This is much better storytelling than the likes of Dear Esther, although it's not too far away from it.If you'd like a good story in a non-linnear narrative, play this game now!"
76561198119284925,Recommended,232430,13117254,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Buggy65,"I bought this game for $10 and I think that is an appropriate price.This is a wonderful, evocative, and well put together piece that anyone who finds themselves in the ""games as art"" mindset will enjoy. I applaud the Fullbright Company for their work."
,Recommended,232430,12957333,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,HeyManNiceShot83,This is most definitely a game and a very good one.
,Recommended,232430,12959216,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Nono,"Amazing. It's short, but it's a very interesting game."
,Recommended,232430,12960957,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,thepolkapunk,"This is not a game. Instead, it's a narrated story you hear while exploring an empty house. I enjoyed it, but your mileage may vary. If you enjoy slow, artsy, interactive experiences, you may enjoy this. If you're looking for a real game, look elsewhere.I should also mention that the full price seems a bit too high for the short length. Pick it up when it's heavily discounted."
76561198069550698,Recommended,232430,12961697,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,PartTimeRenegade,"This is a very interesting take on some very strong subjects. Not worth a $20 asking price, but for the $5 that I paid for it, it was really good. I'd say a good 8/10 for a game like this. Hope you guys enjoy."
76561197971252326,Recommended,232430,12961739,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,spaceman spork,"A well written interactive story.Don't bother playing it if you're going to expect anythign other than an interactive story though.  It'll bore you to tears.  This ""game"" is essentially about you going home to your family's new house (you've never been there) in the middle of no where.  But as you get dropped off, the house is dark and there appears to be nobody home.  Where are you parents?  Where is your little sister?Exactly what's going on is revealed as you explore the house.  There are no puzzles, just exploration.  If that sounds good to you, then it's a great game."
,Recommended,232430,12963238,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Debbie Downer,"I played this game in one sitting. It was an amazing experience that left me emotionally devastated, and non functional for the rest of the day. It was beautiful."
,Recommended,232430,12964543,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Naron,"Intense experience for a boring sunday afternoon.Take this game, approximately 3-4 hours of your time and enjoy an emotionally packed gaming session!Definitely a must try for every gamer who wants more than to unlock weapons or pay respect at funerals....."
76561197995423668,Recommended,232430,15243639,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,[StarFox64] Star Wolf,"Simply the best writing gaming has seen in a long time. Clever, funny, sad, silly, and evocative."
,Not Recommended,232430,15231010,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,MercynMetal,"(Edit: I have to say, the game's videos/quotes are a lot more transparent about the love story than back when I first bought the game...)I bought this game hoping it was a mystery-solver, to save lives, to find paranormal activity, or at least discover something interesting. I was so disappointed.Basically, the main story would've been better as a side arc or flavor. It was too mundane for my taste. I couldn't get into it. I finished the game, hoping at every turn to find something new, interesting...  only to discover the tale was as ordinary as life itself.I don't recommend buying this. The game is short, and not re-playable. The gameworld was attractive and perfectly believable; there was just nothing to discover. I hope the company's next game fits the setting better."
76561198090740580,Not Recommended,232430,15042035,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,smapdiage9,"The tough part about deciding to purchase a game which has the double whammy of massive hype and ***super spicy secret spoilers*** is that you have no ability to accurately determine whether it's right for you without ruining the big surprise.I will not spoil the game, but I will say this: it was not worth it for me. There is no big payoff, and the story never escalates beyond what is painfully obvious. What the game does well is make you believe that something big is right around the corner, that any moment now  things will take a turn for the spooky. There were one or two times where some tiny detail made me say ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's going down!!"" But then it never went down. I blew through the game in 97 minutes, I opened every stupid drawer in every stupid needless piece of furniture, I read all the details, and it never paid off. I suppose that making me believe a different type of game was right around the corner is an achievement in its own right, but at the end of the day I feel like I wasted my money on a somewhat sweet and well-realized but ultimately unsatisfying teen drama.Aside from that fundamental issue, the game played okay. I found the mouse aiming a bit wonky with speed adjustments when the cursor runs over items of interest (adjustable in menu), and the environment design adequate but not deserving of the splooshy ""ooh""s and ""ahh""s being thrown around by band wagoneers. All the important stuff pretty much happens automatically, and the player's immersion into this environment is basically dependent upon them thinking that the 70% of details that are not significant might be significant."
76561198040356298,Recommended,232430,15048288,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,koaloo,"Very gentle story about love. Kinda short, but immersive."
76561198106608778,Recommended,232430,15019214,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,baka_yu,"A beautiful short game! Great writing, brilliant voice acting that kept me engaged in the story that's being told here. The secondary story about the previous owner could have been explored a bit more, but it's still a wonderful game that I'd recommend to everyone!"
,Not Recommended,232430,15272743,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Dosis-Dei,Wait for summer sale when is like a few $$ not worth $20 is to short for that price and not so much of replay value (not even achievements to hunt to keep it lomger)
76561198047421840,Not Recommended,232430,15274756,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Raijen,"Although fun, I would highly reccomend only buying this game when it's onsale. I got it for $3.00 or I would have been very upset. I explored the whole place, had a lot of fun going through. I turned my lights off and enjoyed every minute. Sadly there was only about 20-30 of those. Paying early $1 for a minute of game play isn't something I can reccomend."
,Recommended,232430,15213693,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,-[FF-A]- Drewski,"Very Detailed and Good Story line.However, There's not really much of a Replay vaule (Unless there is somthing you didn't see whole exploring the house) Also you gotta have Time and Pateince for this game.Or you can just go below the staircase and open the hidden door and get the key to the attic to end the game in 20 seconds"
76561197977335255,Recommended,232430,15216387,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,pitnecniv,"'Gone Home' is a first-person 3D adventure game with fairly simple object-collecting and not too much puzzle-type gameplay.  It feels less like a game than an interactive movie, albeit one with no actual dialogues and only one character.  Nonetheless, Gone Home manages to deliver a compelling and realistic storyline, which by the end of it is no less moving for the atmosphere of everyday 'mundaneness'.It's a short game (can easily finish it in half a day), and very enjoyable if you like rich storylines in games."
76561198052787542,Recommended,232430,16455010,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Civa,A+
76561198055531601,Recommended,232430,16197238,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,cassandraggg,Love this game! It is all story so it is definitely not for everyone. This is a great game that shows that games can be a form of art too. I was on the edge of my seat the whole time reminded of myself and my own sister.
76561198101281341,Recommended,232430,16194981,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,NewtypexZerox,"Excellent, wonderful atmosphere and some of the best storytelling and writing I have ever seen in a game. If you think that walking simulators have nothing to offer then this game isn't for you but if you want to experience a beautiful story told carefully and thoughtfully then I highly recommend this game. There are very few games out there that succeed in the way Gone Home does and I honestly hope more developers can take inspiration from it. Highly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of video games as an artistic medium."
76561198103650955,Recommended,232430,16195785,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,trading defuse kit skins,"The end doesn't work for me. The last key doesn't work.But the game was alright. It's overrated, however. The gameplay is (and i know I sound like a lot of other people) pretty much just walking around. But the mysterious tone and creepy atmosphere is the main reason i recommend this game. Otherwise, it's short, not much to it, it's overpriced ($5 or under would be more acceptable, maybe $10) and the ending doesn't seem to make sense.6/10"
76561198047801001,Not Recommended,232430,8805489,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Kaniner,"I would recommend this, but only to specific people and only when it's on sale. It's definitely not a game for everyone.The bad: VERY overpriced. I enjoyed it, but once was enough. No replay value.It's just you creeping through your family's stuff. If you like snooping through other people's belongings (your little sister's diary, basically) with zero consequences or challenges, this is the game for you!The good: It has a sweet (but simple) story that hit close to home for me. It has well done voice acting and decent graphics. It's a different experience. I think calling it the greatest game love story is really a stretch though. I think calling it a game at all is a stretch. I thank them for including a gay character without relying on stereotypes or awful tropes."
76561198033386472,Recommended,232430,16178165,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,schickenipple,"I noticed that all of the negative reviews were from people looking for more action and mystique in this game. This is a story exploration game in which you are piecing together parts of a complete story through notes, magazines, answering machine messages and atmospheric clues. Don't expect Half Life 2 in this game!With that said, this game has a lot to say about family, alienation and belonging to something bigger than yourself. When playing, it had a calming and mysterious effect on me. I probably wouldn't play it again but I enjoyed the time I spent with it... Almost as if I had read a really good short story."
,Recommended,232430,16271647,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,BrokenXEdge,"*This is not a game in the typical sense. There is no combat, no leveling, and no fail state (that I am aware of). With that out of the way, here is my review. Enjoy.Pros:Excellent AtmosphereIntriguing and Heartfelt ""Mystery"" StoryCons:Not a game in the traditional sense (not for everyone)No Replay ValueGone Home is best described as an exploration game. There isn't any combat, scoring points of any kind, or even a ""game over"" state. You spend your time exploring your parents’ home trying to figure out why no one is around, picking up clues and story notes along the way. There is an overwhelming feeling of dread from the moment you take your first steps through the front door. Now, I won't spoil anything like several reviews I have read, but the game is not quite what it seems. The atmosphere in the game is building you up to expect a certain outcome but once you reach the game's climax you are given something different to absorb.I feel that this game does earn a lot of its praise. It gave me an experience different from the normal violence and action I regularly enjoy in games. I was left thinking about the plot long after I shut it down, more than I can say about the latest One Man Army Simulator I'm currently playing. The fact that I spent time thinking about the story and how it affected me personally speaks volumes. I think some of these reviewers need to take a look at themselves for how they view Gone Home. We shouldn't be closed minded about a game because it jarred our expectations; we should embrace, or at least acknowledge it for trying to find its own voiceNow whether or not this game is for you is entirely subjective. I found it intriguing throughout my entire 90+ minute play through. But $20 is a high asking price for something that you will probably be spending less than 2 hours on if you feel that time = money. If you are truly unsure about it, wait until you can pick it up for a couple of bucks, turn off all distractions, let the game slowly unfold in front of you, and enjoy the tale.I wish I could experience it for the first time again.8/10"
,Recommended,232430,16299615,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,dominicliamsnook,A simply beautiful and emotional experience and a much needed change of pace from all the shooting and zombie killing. Sit back and enjoy a deeply atmospheric journey through the lives of her family and the diary of her sister. 10/10. I didn't want it to end.
,Recommended,232430,7473351,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Kharm,very short game but an amazing story behind it
76561198030660219,Recommended,232430,12181908,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,sortaninja,"No spoilers here -- if you think there's any chance you'll buy it, avoid spoilers like the plague.This game is exactly what I wanted. Where Stanley Parable left me snickering, Gone Home had me scared and jumpy while exploring the house. I was engrossed in the story. I'm 30 -- I don't have time for 40+ hour RPGs anymore, and I just want to be able to sit down for a while and enjoy something that's truly good. (My age also puts me reasonably close to what I imagine is the ideal for the game, with its references to riot grrl and mid 90's alt rock.) This is definitely that game. It isn't Call of Duty, or Bioshock, or TF2. There's no shooting, there's no point system or prestige or leaderboard. The closest genres would be ""indie/art/exploration/mystery"".If you think you can enjoy that, you ought to love this. If that sounds terrible, you definitely won't enjoy it -- as evidenced by the other reviews.I stumbled through with a controller, but I imagine at least an hour of my intentionally slow 3-hour playthrough could have been eliminated with mouse and keyboard. It's just hard to wander and point at the small items using thumbsticks. So, 2-3 hours if you take your time.The price -- I'm unsure. As much as I enjoyed it, I really don't think I could recommend it at full price. Given the length of time for a playthrough, I think it's fair to compare it to a movie -- pay a price that you think you would pay for a movie you were equally interested in.edit: About once a month, my non-gamer girlfriend will let me put a controller in her hands, play a game for 25 minutes, and then ragequit. I had her try Gone Home, and she literally played through the entire game in one sitting. (She and I both needed a little bit of help from guides for finding things needed for the later parts of the game.) That's never happened before -- there's definitely a chance of this game appealing to people who aren't ""gamers""."
76561197995627220,Recommended,232430,16278392,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Shemeshka,"A fantastic piece of interactive story-telling, and I take pity on anybody who misses out because their definition of ""game"" is too firm and narrow. But this certainly isn't a game that deals with the firm and narrow.Also, there's definitely some reviews that totally missed other plotlines you discover just because they don't have a voiceover spelling it out for them. Or they just missed the items that tell these stories."
,Recommended,232430,16278912,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Zefph,"I get why some people won't acknowledge this as a 'game', and it lacks gameplay for that matter. But it's an exciting story-telling, where you will engage, if you're interested in these types of games. I enjoyed looking out for all journals, and small notes that covers the story. It's a deep story that develops well, even though the game is about some 2 hours long.It is a scary game, even though there is no monsters lurking around the corner, nor jumpscares.It's worth a buy if you're into story-telling."
,Recommended,232430,16280499,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,tootbutt,"Really enjoyed it.. but it's way, way too short and simple for anything over ~$10. If you can get it on sale, I'd recommend it. Otherwise.. nah."
76561198116236619,Recommended,232430,13620308,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ThePersonGuy,"$20 bucks is a bit of a stretch for a game i completed under 3 hours, but truely a masterpiece that deserves to be remembered in game history. Don't expect fun puzzles or tense gameplay, this game (not really a game) is story based and could not be told any other way."
,Recommended,232430,13620767,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ch3apSh0tY0uth,Awesom break from typical gaming. Worth it for steam sale but not at full price because of short gameplay.
,Recommended,232430,13621220,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Angry Opinicus,"Let me start with this: This game is good in its own right. The story is sweet little thing, the graphics are good, and the amount of detail put into this house is just fantastic. From these things, it gets my reccomendation.However, this game, for the same reasons stated above, falls short of expectations and feels like a waste of some serious potential. This game had the set up and the soundscape for a fantastic horror game. The intro feels like the beginning of something truly scary. However, it devolves quickly into a slice-of-life story, with no real surprises.Get the game while it's on sale, particularly for its length. But, nevertheless, get this game."
76561198026362799,Recommended,232430,13621359,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,victor9132,"I almost didnt get it but for anyone looking at this game just get it, dont watch gameplay dont do anymore research into it just trust me when i say it is WORTH IT by far one of the best games ive played the writing is fantastic and the set up is perfect it's not just one of the most unique gaming experiences you'll incounter but one of the best too"
76561198041119580,Recommended,232430,13621587,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,B1nsleyDale,"I enjoyed the game. Not something I'd usually play but you have to follow the story and a story i enjoyed. Wouldn't mind playing more games like this. It contains suspense, but suprisingly relaxing to play with this suspension."
,Recommended,232430,13621665,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Psycho[ROTL],must play narrative game!!!
76561198108252373,Not Recommended,232430,13618653,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Soft-Core Childbirth,"This is a very short game and I would not reccommend it for those who want an adventure or a real game. For me the ""game"" lasted just a bit over an hour and half. This game is basically a story told in to you when you find different notes or objects. This could be a really interesting game, but finding the notes is not difficult, the majority of the notes are in extremely obvious places and are all seen on the first run though. Personally, I wouldn't play it again. So, if this ""game"" is heavily discounted and you love stories with atmosphere and a first person element than I would recommend it to you, otherwise... not so much."
,Recommended,232430,13618734,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,harleyv,"The game is an interestng experience, uncovering the story by walking through a house. It is, however, very short and only good for one playthrough, so I'd only recommend getting it when it's on sale like I did. That being said, it was a nice experience and I hope to see more from the makers of this game."
,Recommended,232430,13606358,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Cerif27,♥♥♥♥ing fantastic.  Still a little choked up.
,Recommended,232430,13606592,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Kindahuge,"Nete. Kew. Nete & kew.A walking lesbian simulator nonetheless, but enjoyable."
,Recommended,232430,13607097,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Squander,I love these kinds of games. Though I do agree that the price is too much for this short of a game but if MGS did it why cant this? At least this is an actual full game. Its obvious that these developers gave a lot of thought into this story of Sam but the thing that bothers me is you dont really care what happens to the rest. Only Sam's story is interesting just because of the diary entries. It wouldnt hurt to have some other commentaries to this but I guess that will go away from the intial main plot. Overall this game is amazing but not worth its initial price. Just get it on sale lol
76561198037468718,Not Recommended,232430,13607222,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,matinsays,"This was not a game. It was a dragged out, angst driven, teenage romance story. Save your money and watch a playthrough of this or don't bother at all."
,Recommended,232430,13607381,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Minuteman,Without revealing spoilers take note that the story is grounded heavily in reality.
76561198086472248,Recommended,232430,13608815,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,benzeboy3737,"Something abut the passing, the subplots and the path you take through the game is brilliant. love it, and recommend it. NOT FULL PRICE, ITS VERY SHORT."
,Recommended,232430,13609586,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Redjohn,"This was the most tense game i've ever come across. I won't say much about it, i want people to experience this for themselves. A really simple and awesome story. Voice acting was top notch and music went so well. Gives you a sense of calm while walking through these half lit rooms. Finished it within an hour and it was totally worth the buy. Simplicity at its best and its a game i'm going to remember for a long time."
,Not Recommended,232430,13649242,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Faiithe,"I'm glad I waited for this to go on sale... because this is not worth the original price. With so much hype, I would have thought it had more in it. Instead, I just played this game for 3 hours about teenage angst and how she wants to screw around and mess up her life and her parent's life by running away because she thinks she knows better. I wouldn't recommend this to any of my friends. Ever."
76561198052516262,Recommended,232430,7605611,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,superzombieplaytupus,"Great ""game"". Tells an amazing story! Has an insane amount of detail. The first hour, or so is the best time, after that the detail wears off. Also kinda scary, mostly creepy, reminds me of the nights that i was home alone, as a child, and keep freaking myself out. 4.5/5"
76561198071359032,Not Recommended,232430,13650970,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Kaseteufel,"I wish Steam would have a Neutral recommenation because that is how I truly feel about this game. If you like romantic stories you should play this, if you don't, then, don't. I wish I had known, cause I wouldn't of bought the game."
,Not Recommended,232430,13651040,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Hateburn,"Basically, you explore a house and you think you're gonna check up on this neat ghost story. Turns out completely that isn't what is going on. I feel like I was ripped off even for ten bucks. It's pretty and has a nice story, but they should have kept the exciting stuff out and just made it a love story from the beginning."
,Not Recommended,232430,7462928,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,vendiir,DO NOT PLAY! Was a major let down.
,Recommended,232430,1237612,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Xeneth,"Sometimes the smallest games can have such a huge impact...Like Dear Esther, Gone Home is actually less of a game and more of an ""exploration-driven story experience"", but with a lot more immersion and environmental interaction. Steve Gaynor and his newly minted Fullbright Company leverage the gameplay vocabulary of the first person adventure space to render a grounded, lived-in setting that is at once alien and familiar.The atmosphere and tone will transport you to the 90s in ways I have a feeling we'll be seeing more of as my generation begins to fill leadership roles in the industry, and there are individual examples of writing, level, and sound design lurking in here that stand as some of the smartest and most affecting moments I've had in months.Gone Home isn't long or hard to beat, but if you're the kind of person that can be emotionally affected by a simple story, you're in for impressive doses of bemusement, fear, wonder, dread, and relief.Play this game."
76561198032186369,Not Recommended,232430,12951005,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,luart,"Boring, short and...simulator of walking around home"
76561198127418789,Recommended,232430,13664715,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,armordonio,"Warning, this is not an full review just  my final thoughts about this game.This game let you go anywhere you want but still it follows an liniair path. You need to find 1 thing to open up another thing and so pogress the story. There are nice little details in the game that doesnt affect the story like soda cans and bottles, ect. There are also many things to read if you want but most of the things only tells you something about the life of the people there.I completed the game in 1.4 hour's and i think thats far to short. I want to give this an yes/no but i cant. So i say a yes because i think for what the game does it does good and i mostly dislike leaving negative reviews.-Sorry for my bad english"
76561198078754295,Recommended,232430,13665223,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,gaboreski,"If you've enjoyed Dear Esther, you'll love this game. Don't let the bad reviews intimidate you, I saw some of those guys comparing this game to Dragon Age..."
76561197970338420,Recommended,232430,13668343,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,kaizer,"Not much gameplay as such but rather a exploration game used as a vehicle to tell a good solid little story, something I miss from many games today. Rather short (only around 40-90 min, and thus a bit pricey) but like a good movie, the game got stuck in my mind for a good while after finishing it."
,Recommended,232430,13668699,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Giant Moon Rat,It short but in my opinion it provides a satisfying conclusion. Not worth the £14.99 asking price but definitely worth the sale price of £2.99
,Not Recommended,232430,13669467,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Jalaah86,"This was fairly disappointing. With all the little clues relating to the supernatural, I was hoping for at least a couple of jump scares. Unfortunately, nothing of the sort occurred. In terms of storyline, I suppose yes, it's a good story, uncovering little snippets throughout the game. So I suppose it was my expectations that let me down more than anything. It was good enough for me to dedicate the hour or two to completing but I doubt i'll be revisiting."
,Not Recommended,232430,13897376,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,daxx0r,"[Minor spoilers in the review]I don't understand why this game is as popular as it is. It begins very promisingly, coming home to an abandoned house in the middle of a storm. You have to find a key to get in. The key puzzle made me hopeful that I was in for a modern-day take on the point and click adventure game - but this was not to be the case. The eeire abandoned house also made me think that the story would be dark; that there was some sinister mystery for me to uncover. Also not the case.Calling Gone Home a game is actually a bit of a lie - it's an interactive story. There's virtually no gameplay to speak of - your interaction with the environment is limited to opening doors, and examining items (which often have no function).The dark premise also fizzles into nothingness as you learn about the story and find out that there's perfectly rational and not very exciting reasons for why the house is empty.In the end, after a few hours of aimlessly wandering about, I'm left with a feeling of ""What, that's it? That's all this game was about?""I guess it does what the creators set out to do with it, but it had the potential of being so much more than it was. It could have told it's story _and_ allowed for some clever puzzle-based gameplay... and maybe a conclusion that was anything other than completely flat and anticlimactic would have helped too.CONCLUSION:If you feel like wandering around a house for a few hours becoming gradually less and less interested, while listening to a teenage girl talk about how nobody understands her, this game is gonna blow your mind!For those who might be interested in a captivating story or engaging gameplay, avoid."
,Recommended,232430,13899876,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,DoctorBaby,"I can make this really simple for you: This is a walking simulator. The people that negatively reviewed this game did so because they don't like the genre. For what this game is, it's very good - but if you don't like walking simulators, you will not enjoy this. To clarify what I mean about the genre of ""walking simulator"" - this game tells you a story while you move around an environment in first person. There are a few fairly easily little puzzles that fall into your path here and there, but for the most part this game is about being told a story in a medium slightly different than that of a novel or film.So to review this game as what it is: The story is interesting. The voice acting was great, the atmosphere was great. I liked how the story was told to you at a pace that really allowed you to explore the house. I really liked how this game sort of plays with the idea of being a horror game throughout, but never makes that plunge. This game is just short enough that it doesn't wear out it's welcome and stays interesting until the end. I definitly recommend it for people that want a quick, interesting story in a different medium than you'd usually find one."
76561198042363340,Recommended,232430,4840152,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Red_Com,Great story! Only about two hours long though...
76561197970380355,Recommended,232430,13884101,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Pisha,"I bought the game on steam sale and payed about £3.00, which I think is a fair price for the legnth of the game. I have to say I really enjoyed the game, I took my time and explored every inch and soaked up all the atmosphere. I enjoyed discovering the story behind Sam and the rest of the family, the atmosphere was murky and creepy. Some great music included in the game, Overall I really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,232430,13886221,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Evolved Icon,"This game is worth playing if you want a quick story-rich game. It took me just over an hour, and has zero replayability unless you decide to speed run or move every object into one room. But overall I enjoyed it, especially since I bought it during a steam sale."
76561198027391758,Recommended,232430,13630129,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,PlaidKraken,"I bought this mostly for my girlfriend since she's a fan of the point-and-click Nancy Drew games and this game seemed to be such. She's yet to play it, so I can't say how it stacks up to that sort of genre. Anyway, it piqued my interest too especially when I saw that part of the dev-team were Bioshock veterns. The story is beautiful, especially considering how much story there is, which is totally unspoken. This game isn't really a game. . . it's art as cliche or silly that may sound. It's certainly worth the run through. I would call it an exploration into what kind of story the objects and notes scattered around a home tell about the inhabitant(s). Y'know? What can you glean from a smattering of things.Don't jump into this, like I said early, thinking that you're going on an adventure or something (well, you are through a family's life). Consider it an immersive story. This game shows how much further a game can draw you into a story than a book or a movie might. You are the character instead of the fly on the wall or the microphone in their head. The atmosphere draws you in and reminds you of all those spooky nights you spent in your childhood home alone. It'll touch you in ways media typicaly do not.It's short (like a novella) and, therefore, I suggest that you do not at full price. When it does dip into a price range suitable for your budget, though, snap it up! See for yourself what video games can do and where they are going in terms of art."
,Recommended,232430,13630210,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Indonesia Jones,"I ONLY recommend this game to those who appreciate reading, writing, or the wide genre of drama.This game catches a lot of rude remarks based on its lack of action. It is a game, and it is on Steam. But it is absolutely not for a hardcore gamer, alone. Do no buy this game expecting to equip weapons or armor and take on demons in this manison. Buy this game if you want to uncover a story by yourself by investigating and exploring to advance the plot. This is an interactive story and is told almost organically. This seems to me as a sort of prototype, and hopefully inspires other stories to do the same. I would enjoy the future stories to run a great deal longer, however.I may be a bit bias as well, as a creative writing student. However, these are professionals with writing history on the Bioshock franchise. Their professionalism is without question.A final note:Do NOT buy this game if it is retailed at $20.I still see it as a great story and stand by everything I said, though I, myself, would not purchase this story for $20. If it were longer, or more in depth, then maybe so. I purchased it on sale for $5 and I would happily purchase it for a maximum of $10.I hope this helps."
,Recommended,232430,13630702,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,natureboy,"Gone home, although somewhat short, is a fantastic experience that I for one enjoyed thoroughly.It is easy to recognise that great amounts of polish and attention has been put into this project. This stands out constantly, from the warm aesthetics of the home to the never-ending supply of tapes, records and other technology of the era. Every character and object has a deep and intriguing story behind it, and the story is unfolded at a good pace. Nothing is left out.The immersion is incredible.The ""game"", although interesting, is quite short and lacks depth in gameplay. I got my copy on sale, but paying full price ($19.99) for the content you get is a bit of a stretch.Nevertheless, I loved it and am looking foward to the future projects that Fullbright pursues."
76561198018735862,Recommended,232430,13632168,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Pete Van Grimm,"Thoughtful, heartfelt, and intriguing are the three words I'd use to describe this interactive story.  It is well made, well written, and kicks me in the emotional bits in my brain.  It is excellent, though not for everone, as most criticisms leveled at it seem to stem from it's lack of ""gameness"".  As such, I would describe it as I have above, as an interactive story, but this fact does not detract from it's quality at all.That being said, I do have one criticism: the price tag.  At full price, Gone Home is $21.99 and takes roughly 2 - 3 hours to complete, with little replay value save to undergo the same experience a second time.  I ended up buying Gone Home during the Steam 2014 Christmas sale for $6 or so, and that is a decent price for it.  I'd go so far as to say it's worth upwards of $10, or roughly the price of a movie ticket.Other than that, I highly recommend Gone Home to anyone who enjoys interactive stories or mysteries."
,Recommended,232430,13633057,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,LordOfTheRings,"Overall, I loved the small details in the game, although eventually the number of pens and pencils to potentially pick up did grate on me a bit - I kept wishing that they would have a purpose to them. The atmosphere was great, and the sound was very intelligently used as far as a score or the soundtrack went. Ambient natural noises really helped with the environment.I loved the character development of Sam; she seemed relatable and I was intrigued to find out more about her path. Although this did tend to subtract from Katie somewhat, but obviously she wasn't the point. It helps that I'm a Samantha too, with a degree in English/Creative Writing - I really kind of latched onto her for that particular reason.The intrigue surrounding their family and their parents was very subtly built up in the background. Sam and Katie's whole world is in the finer details waiting to be discovered. Like that VHS collection! I spent a long time just looking through the titles, smiling to myself, thinking ""Yes, I watched that!"" or ""That's something I wish my family had watched together."" It was much the same with the library and the book shelves.Ultimately, without spoiling the ending, I do think the progression and the end of the game was smartly done, with a balance of equal parts hope and realism, although throughout the game I kept expecting it to go in a darker direction and a part of me wishes that it had because that would have impacted upon me more emotionally. However, for the realism and the practical nature of the game, it was worth the money I paid and I don't regret buying or playing it. It's not a game where you step too far out of reality, and sometimes games like that are necessary in order to better observe society."
76561198009377834,Recommended,232430,13617461,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Otter Nonsense,Though the game lacks in length of game play it makes up with great quality. I haven't enjoyed playing a game this much in a long time. Worth picking up if you enjoy story over machanics.
76561198201902276,Recommended,232430,13618297,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Rob Coates,"Great little game, thought it may have been a little longer but must be the only game to grab my attention from start to finish in a long time."
76561198026915419,Recommended,232430,13622321,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Jon Arbuckle,"My favorite ""not a video game"" of all time."
76561198054867309,Recommended,232430,13622596,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,But'th Why'th,"So as I write this I have just completed Gone Home and I love it. The game is clever and focuses on you finding journal entires, letters, photos and so on. That has been done before but what has not or rather what this game did well was the story it told and the characters it creates. You never truly see these characters but through the narrative and pieces of information given you learn a lot about all these people.As a game it is clever, simple and powerful. It tells a story very well and in truth a lot of games out there could learn a lot from Gone Home. I will not go into great depth on what this game does well and so on.I shall instead recommend this game as something which should be in your library and played."
,Recommended,232430,13626520,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Riot,This is basically a story in game format. at first I thought it might be a horror game but there are no horror elements in it.You as the main character simply explore an empty house and by reading peoples various letters and other miscellany around the place uncover a picture of what was going on with the various family members within. I found the ending to be quite a bit more emotional than I expected and also fairly gratifying.You can easily play this whole game in a single sitting.
,Recommended,232430,8017544,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,spamandtuna,"Gone Home truly shows the potential for games beyond violence simulation.  You arrive at your family's new home after a year away, and have to piece together the goings-on of their lives by exploring their space.  The game does a marvelous job of planting seeds of information that reveal the larger picture: in essence, a narrative jigsaw puzzle.  Each new item found adds to the story and leaves you curious as to what's next.  It's certainly not a perfect game, but it's an absolutely captivating experience."
,Recommended,232430,8018267,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Raggamuffin,"Enjoyable and a nice concept but rather short (well, VERY short) and nothing to really get me attached.  It had a good love story and excellent narration."
,Recommended,232430,7998286,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,tsumana,"Yes it's very short, but if you're the kind of preson who can lose yourself in the multi-generational relationships of the family it's a very rewarding experience. Play it with your headphones on to best enjoy the unsettling atmosphere."
76561197976982052,Recommended,232430,8000366,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,King Rampkage,"This game has an amazing story! I beat it almost 4 months ago and I still can't get the ideas or characters out of my head. Sure I could see why this game isnt for everyone, but if you are patient and love a good story there is a lot to take from this one. Having a BA in literature I can say that this game shows the potential that I have always seen in video games as a writers medium. Very well done and Bravo.Rampkage"
,Recommended,232430,8001392,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Nintendo PowerShell,"An extremely engrossing story coupled with very engaging, yet simple, gameplay mechanics make for a unique and unforgettable experience.  You are doing yourself a great wrong if you do not play this game.This game puts the final nail in the can-games-be-art coffin."
,Recommended,232430,4427815,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,floyde,Short but sweet.
76561197976480438,Recommended,232430,8123386,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,vaughn.sandor,Apart from the story which is really well done I just can't recommend the game. There are little to no puzzles in the game. It's just walking through someone else's house and reading their diary which is scattered through every room. The music cassettes you find and can play aren't bad if you like grunge and punk but there just really isn't a game here.
76561198002146979,Recommended,232430,2092149,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,panzersnapdragon,"Everything about interactive storytelling that made Dear Esther so good, but doesn't require 5 playthroughs to understand the plot."
76561198003424061,Recommended,232430,8129397,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,JMWarden,"This game is odd. And when I say that I mean I really don't know exactly how to describe this other than a love story with some mystery behind it. You walk around your house and try to find out what's going on by searching things, reading notes, etc. And there's really not much else to the gameplay itself other than that, which is a major reason why this game isn't for everyone; a lot of people will find it boring and such. Well, that and it's price tag (20 bucks for a 2-3 hour game :/)However, I liked the game and it's storytelling; I've always been a sucker for lighthearted stuff like this. The more I uncovered the more I wanted to continue. You'll find more enjoyment with this game if you take your time with it. Granted, bits of the story are kind of cliche imo, but at the very least it's a nice deviation from other games and may even tug at the heartstrings.And don't forget to turn those damn lights off!!!"
,Recommended,232430,8130396,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Lordsneak,"Short, Sweet, and Nostalgic. A little too short for the price tag. But, just sweet and nostalgic enough to tell an emotional and endearing stroy. It gives me hope for the future of storytelling in videogames. Definilty worth playing when it drops to a $2.50-$5.00 price."
,Recommended,232430,8112730,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Zombie Brew,"I have no problem recommending this game, so long as you know and understand what to expect before purchasing:1. There is no action. The game is story driven and revolves heavily around exploration.2. This is not a scary game. However, there is an eerie charm to it and I found myself sporting goosebumps more often than not - mostly thanks to claps of thunder and squeaky floorboards.3. This is a short game. There is an incredible amount of detail put into this game and tons of objects to interact with, but I bet it's possible to play through in around two or so hours.4. Be prepared to think outside of the box. I wasted plenty of time tracing my steps trying to figure out why I couldn't advance only to discover the problem wasn't that I was missing anything, rather that I wasn't investigating things I never thought I'd have to.That said, it's an entertaining (and at times, frustrating) game with an intriguing story and great character development. Highly recommend it you can grab it for under $5."
,Recommended,232430,8112736,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,bigkilla2012,a solid game... worth the 20 bucks...  kind of slow... but the story is amazing
76561198053367402,Recommended,232430,8113088,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,poopitypooppooppoopers,exploring the house and putting the pieces of the proverbial puzzle together was really engaging and you could def replay it coz its like a book; theres always going to be details that you missedi also feel like this game did a really good job of capturing the excitement and desperation of young lovemade me cry big fat gay baby tears and i also got spooked a couple times so 10/10 would gay again
76561198018665662,Recommended,232430,8114224,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,MildTortoise,Good game! Great story telling! But I'd wait for the price to go down a bit. I don't think it's worth the $20.
76561198003992930,Recommended,232430,8115682,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,OldManRaffles,"Go into this game without any prior knowledge. It's weird, it's suspenseful, but all together it's pretty awesome."
,Recommended,232430,8086248,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Methos,"This isn't a game, so much as an interactive experience. Do not expect a typical adventure game with complex puzzles. It's more of a discovery of your family, particularly your sister. It is a good story, and one that I think people who grew up in the 90s will be most likely to enjoy."
,Recommended,232430,951866,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Endless Odyssey,"An interesting experiment in what storytelling in a game can look like. It's definitely worth playing to experience the few hours of mystery and intrigue that Gone Home provides, but keep your expectations low -- this is a proof of concept more than a fully-fleshed out game. Wait to pick it up until its on sale."
76561198074258222,Recommended,232430,8101096,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Asian n00b,Great game if you love being nosey and searching people's houses. The main highlight is the storyline that is only revealed when you pick up certain objects. You can easily miss lots of things or whole sections of the house but that's why you have to be nosey!!
,Recommended,232430,8101159,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Mujubius,"This game is beautiful - not necessarly graphically (not that the visuals are unappealing) but narratively. It's a moving, haunting story that will hit you right in the heart. How does a game about an empty house manages to create tension in the player? Well, you'll just have to play it. I can't recommend it highly enough."
,Recommended,232430,13627309,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,aliciaey,"This was a relatively short game, but I had more fun playing this game than I have with many other games in a long time. If you're looking for a good mystery/story telling/exploration game then I definitely recommend trying this game."
,Not Recommended,232430,8113884,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,AsatorPrime,"Great Idea, poorly executed"
76561198052402095,Recommended,232430,13628836,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DoDaDragon,I loved this game. It's story driven with a great atmosphere. Setting that you start off completely immersed me. Not knowing what to expect and having to explore the house connecting all the dots was awesome. The story behind this is very modern and one that many family's can relate to. Its a story of love.This game really should me that I tend to think on the darker side of things.
,Recommended,232430,13651283,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Akaren 赤蓮,"Before I into the review, this'll be my TL;DR: Don't buy this game if it's above £/$10. It only has about 2 hours of gameplay, 1 hour if you don't focus on details.I'll start by saying this: I can't cry. I haven't cried since I was 9, but there are rare occassions where I'll get close. This game did that. The story was just so beautifuly crafted and presented, putting together the story at a perfect pace like a calming puzzle you just can't put down. Ontop of all this, the tiny little details that you can choose wether or not to explore add so much to this game. It's beautiful. Rating this game generally is hard, but to me, it's a 9/10. No complains from me.But! If you're the type to run through games guns blazing, not taking in the details and story, steer clear. But otherwise - this game is worth your time and money as far as I'm concerned."
,Recommended,232430,13651589,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,bactroid,"I'm not sure whether to call this a game in the traditional sense of the word, but it was definitely a powerful and poignant experience. I fired up Gone Home, expecting to play for a few mintues before moving on to something else. Instead, I sat transfixed for the next 2-3 hours, learning everything I could about the Greenbriar family.When I first started reading Harry Potter or listening to The Mountain Goats, I wanted everyone I knew to check them out, just so that I could have the experience of talking about something that really spoke to me with people I cared about. Gone Home hit me in just that same way.It is worth the money. Seriously. Buy it and play through it. And then talk about it with a friend."
,Recommended,232430,13653518,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,victron,"Excellent narrative experience; sometimes creepy, sometimes scary. But is NOT an horror game in any way. It's an incredible game experience though, but too short.The order the story is told depends on the way the player investigates the house, so it can be revealed in a non linear manner.It's $20 worth? I'm afraid not. But as a sale buy, it's a great deal."
,Recommended,232430,13655583,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Rab0t,"If you're looking for a traditional video game, this ain't it. ""Gone Home"" can be best summed up as an interactive storybook that you piece together as you go. There's no fighting, no monsters, no points or leveling. It's a story told through a game, and very well-told, if you're willing to give it a chance.""Gone Home"" is an intimate, thoughtful game. It boasts an important and timely message (one that's all too close to home for me), and it takes advantage of its platform to deliver that message with more emotional impact than it could have achieved in any other medium. Because ""Gone Home"" is such a quiet, exploratory piece, it provides a sense of intimacy that would have been lost in a graphic novel, a book, or a film. Every step you take through the house builds the story, piece by piece, until you truly feel like you're a member of this absent family. The story plays on nearly universal feelings surrounding family dynamics: worry over the instability of familial bonds, changing parent-child relationships, and the awful anxiety of coming home to discover that there is something wrong with the place that should be most familiar to you.Even if ""Gone Home"" isn't usually your style of game, give it a shot. It's worth playing just to see what the devs were able to achieve through this medium, and you may be surprised by how deeply invested you become.Personally? I ♥♥♥♥ing love this title. It spoke to my heart and to my personal history in ways that no other game ever has, and did so with aplomb. Despite the fact that all you're doing is exploring a house, I found my heart pounding as I reached the end. An important, gorgeously executed story with simple and intuitive gameplay, ""Gone Home"" is a triumph, and its accolades are well-deserved."
76561198017666673,Recommended,232430,13659109,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,solidhaku,"Despite its short play time(I really only missed one safe so 1.7 hours is exactly how long it took for me to beat it) I really enjoyed this game though I would agree that the price tag is a little big for such a short game. But hey, I paid 30 for MGS: Ground Zeroes and I beat that in 45 minutes so who am I to complain, right?Pros:-good amount of detail put into the setting. You can pick up whatever and I liked how personalized each character's room was; it showed their personality a lot.-music was very atmospheric and I liked the inclusion of the cassettes-story was, while perhaps trite to others, very emotional and I cried, I'm not ashamed to admit it.Cons:-short.-the atmosphere kinda lies to you. In the end I didn't mind much but I can see it being a sticking point to others.-I can't light any of the candles and I don't know why but that bugged me hahaBottom line: if you like story-driven games like visual novels or just straight up novels with LGBTQAA themes then you will like this game. If you're expecting it to turn into Amnesia halfway through you'll be disappointed."
76561198089606887,Not Recommended,232430,16481507,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kat,"This game is not fully up to what I thought it was going to be, and I have no clue why this game had got so many GOOD reviews.I saw the trailer, and thought this was going to be this really misterious and unique game... Unfortunetly, it wasn't really.I fell there was something strange in this house, but mostly it was mostly a money-wasted game.The story is sadly boring... And overprised. Especially 20 €, for a 2 hour gameplay, and including a bad story.Happilly I only wasted 2 €, because of the steam-sale. The ending is empty.This COULD have been one of the best misterious games, and it didn't only include boring things - because of it's hidden secrets that was kind of cool.. but again it's really not that hard to complete them, at all.My last were words.... WAS THAT THE END?"
76561197976389668,Recommended,232430,16486815,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,BlasterCannon,"Positives:-Incredible  nastaglia effect if you lived during the time this game portrays-portrays the scene very accuratley-Engulfing atmosphere and tone-original storyNegs:-not sure if you will relate to the game if you were not part of the punk scene in the 90's-expected some type of actual spookiness, not just hinted at spookiness-once I found out there was no actual scares, I moved through the game very fast and some of the tone was lostOverall a good experience. If looked at as a story telling simulator you will have a good time. If looked at as a traditional game or weren't part of the scene to induce nastalgia, you may have a bad time."
,Recommended,232430,16486832,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Definitely Not A Clod,"Shorter than I expected, but enjoyable. The atmosphere, music, and exploration is all pretty cool. Definitely recommend it if you're a queer lady."
,Recommended,232430,16487096,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mopopolis,"Got in summer sale for £1.79, interesting story, very light gameplay, but i feel i got my money's worth - Personal opinion thoughCompleted it in 1.5 hours."
76561198042207901,Recommended,232430,16487748,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Dovesplash,"while I don't belive this game is worth 20 bucks, I do think it's worth a play through if you like naritive games. I picked it up on a sale, and I am glad I did. This game gets a lot of praise and a lot of criticism, both of wich can be validated on some levels. This game does not have deep involding and engaging gameplay, but that's not what the game is about. It's a story driven by Sam's journal, but I really enjoy the other unspoken narritive in this game you can discover by examining documents and things in the house. If you have the patience to rife though the papers and objects in all the room I think it's a much more rewarding experience than simply following the journals. The story told through the journals was something I enjoyed, but if you don't like love stories you may stay away from this one.TL;DR: Get this game on a sale, it's worth a playthrough though I wouldn't buy it for 20 bucks"
76561197987520793,Recommended,232430,16488223,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,N_Ridley,"This game is pretty good if you don't mind walking around looking at objects, reading letters, and listening to journal entries. Buy it when it's on sale since a playthrough is roughly only 2 hours."
,Recommended,232430,7686885,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,coneil49,Incredible
,Not Recommended,232430,16510204,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,KDZen,"Finished in two hours, asking price is $20.  Already a bad sign.+Amazing level of detail in the environments and the atmosphere is top-notch-Presents themes and plot points that aren't expanded on and the ending has little pay-off.  Also ran like garbage on a GTX 660, dropped to 4 FPS for a full minute twice.I didn't rush through this game.  I took my sweet time reading every single page of everything and listening to every diary and it just wasn't worth it.  I paid $6 for it on sale and it wasn't even worth that much.  Regardless of price, it is a waste of your time.  Here's hoping that Tacoma is better/is an actual game.3/5"
,Recommended,232430,16510516,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,One Eyed Slugger,A short and Interesting Game. One downside that house is creepy.
,Recommended,232430,16514661,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,awes♥ne,A very cute and touching story.
,Not Recommended,232430,16514961,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,[IOK]boozebag,"Doesnt live up the hype. 2 hours long until the ""mystery"" is solved."
,Recommended,232430,7573855,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,dollarsshower,"Jesus christ, man, this game is the best. It's beautiful and tough and unimmaginably tender and terrifying and everything is perfect."
76561198030751763,Recommended,232430,8258268,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,irunjt,"Very interesting premise.  No action, no baddies to kill, just a great story to explore.  One of the best 1.6 hours I've spent gaming.  Loved it."
,Recommended,232430,8259927,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,strwrsfrk,"Gone home feels difficult to review without spoiling what makes it so excellent. The game begins simply enough and has a simple concept, but the exploration aspects, discovery, and narration are so superb that by the end of the 4-hourgame, you feel emotionally exhausted and fulfilled. When I had finished, I sat in silence for about 10 minutes just taking in the experience.Take your time, explore and examine everything, and you will be rewarded."
,Recommended,232430,8260570,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Sucktastico!,"Not so much a ""game"" as an interactive art piece, akin to Esther, only with much more heart. Simply exploring the house, trying to uncover where everyone disappeared to on your homecoming as the protagonist, you carefully unravel several stories. Your sister's, certainly, but also your parents. If you pay attention, the level of detail to everyone's history becomes engrossing, and the developers have done a masterful job of weaving all these together through clues such as notes, books, cassettes and newspaper clippings.I will not ""spoil"" it, but I will say that was very happy that the story didn't unfold in the way I was fearing it drifting towards conclusion.  DO not approach this like a typical shooter or puzzle adventure game. Just explore - drift through, uncover the story, take your time and enjoy. Worth it if you like to explore new ways in which the medium of video games can be utilized - or if you just really like good storytelling.Note, though, that this is a shortish experience - about 3 hours if you really pay attention to the details. I got it on sale, and felt $10 was a good price for the experience - $20 may be pushing it in your estimation (it does in mine)."
76561198070907205,Recommended,232430,8261496,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,blizzardneo,"Gone home is a break from the traditional Comples puzzles, Rpg and action game. If you require any of those No need to linger any further. But if not it is a story about a family who has gone missing.  The story is very realistic, script and voice acting are very well made. I have to say that albeit its a little short. I got to say that I liked the story a whole lot better than other games out there. I give it a 9/10 for its sheer refreshing and realistic story."
76561198063100259,Recommended,232430,8262683,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Ark,"This game has the most real story i've ever played. It drags you on a roller coaster ride of emotions and hits you in the face come the ending. A must play for anyone looking for a fantastic, quick story... because once you start playing this game you will not be able to stop till it's conclusion."
,Recommended,232430,8265041,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,awesomerobot,There's so much humanity here. This is really something fantastic.
,Recommended,232430,8200439,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,JoshGrilli,"Gone Home is something special. A beautifully written story and incredibly well crafted atmosphere mesh into one. This game is very different from many peoples definition of ""What is a game?"". There is no puzzles, no combat. It's just exploration. Rummaging through an empty house to figure out clues on what happened to everyone, I could not shake the sense of eerieness that loomed over me for the first half of the game. The supernatural plays a big part in it, it's not thrown directly in your face but if you take the time to immerse yourself in this setting you will understand what I am talking about. I'm sure many people will disagree with positive opinions of this game but you are doing yourself an injustice if you decide to skip over this one. I'd say it's something you need to experience and it was definitely one of my favorite games of 2013."
76561198078813270,Recommended,232430,8316109,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Norrell01,Engrossing and unique from the start. A joy to experience.
,Recommended,232430,7809381,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Pinkylocks,"Not for everyone. It's the sort of game where you need to put the word game in inverted commas,  but such a powerful story. I only paid £3.75 and it's already back up to £7.50 now. If you're going to get it, get it before december 3rd when it goes back to £15 as it's probably slightly difficult to justify that price. But if you're a fan of purely exploration games, meaning no combat, and only very limited puzzle elements then this game is INCREDIBLE"
,Recommended,232430,7810351,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,patrown,"I'm gonna break this up into a few pieces to address this game/story:The concept of the game/atmosphere and its means of telling a story was very creative and effective; It definitely developed things and helped flesh out characters you never really meet in the game world itself. The environment is interesting with a atmosphere and sound cues that suggest a more dark side of the tale to rear its head but its never so. The game is an interesting direction for a game and very likely something we will see more of as time continues; It felt like the game could have been fleshed out more and had more interaction/details within the environment.The positives taken care of: This is a really short game/tale, barely over 1.5hr and I had finished the game; I appreciate the effort but there is no way I would have paid the full price having known the limited amount of content I would be getting from this game. I would grab this game cheap, and maybe look for more detailed ambitious work from the developers in the future."
,Recommended,232430,7816086,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,SpeedSter,"I did not know what to expect when beginning this game. Thought it would be a horror escape the room type game. It wasn't that at all, and it was definitely a short experience. I am not saying it is bad because it puts you in a unique atmosphere. There is definitely a lot more potential that could be had from this type of game. Being a desensitized guy from the military it is unusual for the story to get me a little teary eyed, but it did. Unfortunately, this feels more like a free game with a whole lot of polish. Buy cautiously."
,Recommended,232430,7816865,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Mistress Misericordia,Loved the story and all the journals! :3
76561198054995351,Recommended,232430,7816878,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Lucas McCain,"The music is fantastic. I mean seriously awesome. I really enjoyed the '90s nastalgia evoked by the memorabilia. The atmosphere is nice, and it is a stress-free experience. This is a novel way to tell a story, and I would play another game like this.That said, this game is extremely short. Maybe two or three hours if you really explore and take your time. I don't have a problem paying for a short, excellent experience, but that's not really what this is. It's a pretty mundane story, told in an interesting way.To sum up, I like the way the story is told; I'm just not crazy about the story that's told. I would recommend this game, as an interesting experience, but I'm glad I bought it when it was 75% off."
76561198026956841,Recommended,232430,7817299,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Chesnokov,Gone Home is well worth the price of admission alone if you enjoy a good story about forbidden love and following your heart.
76561198086767831,Recommended,232430,7817927,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,fittuner,"9.75 out of 10Gone Home is the perfect surprise of a game.  It utilizes simple mechanics and nigh-perfect narration to create an atmosphere of raw emotion.  While it is only about 2 hours long, Gone Home is a masterpiece of storytelling and character development.  The price may keep people from paying for only 2 hours of gameplay, but it is definitely worth it."
76561198083019259,Recommended,232430,7818356,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,gotardnh,"Fantastic story, exquisite attention to detail. Wish there were more out there like this."
76561197995088857,Recommended,232430,7818681,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,satyreyes,"I am a fan of the storytelling mode used by games like Bioshock, Fatal Frame 2, Amnesia, and others, where you move through a strange and mostly empty space, reconstructing what has happened here from your environment and from notes left by the inhabitants.  Actually, I'm such a fan of it that, when it's done well, I sometimes get irritated when enemies appear and I have to fight them instead of exploring and piecing together the past.  The games I mentioned do a pretty good job striking their own balances between exploration and confrontation.  But you can move the balance point pretty far to one side or the other, if you try.I just finished playing Gone Home.  It is the game that I have always wanted to play at the moments when I feel sick of shooting splicers.  I don't want to say more than necessary about it -- it would be very easy to spoil it -- but I can safely say that it's scary, that it's about relationships, and that if you've ever felt the way I described above, you should probably play it."
76561198015086313,Recommended,232430,7818800,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,loki_skywalker,"It's not really a game.  It's more like an interactive novel, which should instantly put all of you on guard.  That said, it's still worth ""playing"", because it succeeds in what it sets out to do quite nicely.  That said, it has no replay value and you can finish it in under two hours.  Don't pay more than five bucks for it."
,Recommended,232430,7818862,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Bird Guy,"To think that one can be so immersed into exploration along with a simple yet wonderful story all within five hours tops is something I would not have believed before playing Gone Home. The tranquil and even atypical presentation of the gameplay and narritive demonstrate that some games do not require an attack button. Gone Home proves that a story can be engaging without ever even meeting the characters of it. An experience like none other that offers first and third person accounts of different stories and trusts the player with filling in the blanks. A game where engagement is driven by exploration at a pace that rightfully suits the story it needs to tell. It's not that they don't make them like this anymore, but rather they've never made one like this before."
76561198027892960,Recommended,232430,7819040,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Booerns,"Wow. This game is personal and creepy and moving and really great. It is only a couple hours long, and the game does just consit of walking around and clicking on things to look at them and such. It is not a puzzle solving game at all, more so just an interactive story. Normally not my style, but it really works well. The house feels so real and a lot is familiar which just adds to how creepy and realistic it is. Kept me tense the entire time and was not disappointing."
,Recommended,232430,7819377,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,charm,Got it 'cause it looked good. It was great. NYT was right.
,Recommended,232430,7819491,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,hypophysis,"It's a short sweet game. It took me 2 hours with my ocd-ness about turning every toilet paper roll over fading in the first 30 minutes. It's not action-packed but it's well designed and written. No fighting but a lot of ""adventure"" type playing. Don't get it now but don't forget about it. Wait until it's on sale and nab it quick."
76561198087455717,Recommended,232430,7819659,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,paiztabash,This is beautiful.
,Recommended,232430,7819762,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,eighty-six,"Most of the negative reviews pertain to the naturally melodramatic voice of the 17-year-old antagonist. There is PLENTY of nuance in this game, much of it disturbing. The story is compelling and the environment becomes a character in its own right. I enjoyed the art, the ambiance, the sound editing and the music. This won't be the longest cinematic game or the most challenging puzzler you ever play, but it is rich with nuance and worth the time. If in doubt, wait for a sale."
76561198116113247,Recommended,232430,7820310,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,mrglass50,"Guess this program will not run on Windows 8 with only 2gb ram. When running, the game using just about 1.8gb of ram. Hmm...ok lesson learned.Ram shopping really??"
,Recommended,232430,7820361,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,[aMa FLEEK]Struggle Bus,"Having seen this game on sale I blindly bought it because who can pass up a game developed by the makers of amnesia right? I slowly immersed myself into a game ready to be scared at any moment only to be pleasantly surprised by a wonderful plot and story line where a woman struggles with the social construction of her sexuality and blossoms into a woman with her lover. Never once did I even pause as I played the game. I had become what most developers want, I was fully immersed. The game can be completed quickly or slowly depending how much detail (snooping through all the drawers) you want to do. At the end I felt as if I had sat through a movie and had left feeling better with myself and more assure of who I was as a person. Due to its relationship with Amnesia there is a habit to drive the electric bill through the roof but rest assured this is not that kind of game. I would highly recommend this game because if you are not a fan of the plot there is an interesting selection for the soundtrack that leave you bobbing your head as if you were Ferris Bueller alone in his house.  Live it, Experience, and lastly Buy it because you will not regret this purchase."
,Recommended,232430,7820534,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Eyh‼,"An exploration/narrative sort of game. You come back from a long trip to Europe in the middle of the night to find nobody's home at your family's new house. As you explore the house, you discover more about what's been up with your family (particularly your younger sister) while you were away.It's all about looking for details and discovering everything you can to unlock the locked parts of the house. Narrative-wise, you discover more about your sister's life in the past year, and why nobody was home to greet you. I finished the game in 80 minutes, and there's not much replay value, but nonetheless, it was an interesting story.Not really worth the $20 full price, but at $5-10, it's worth taking a look."
,Recommended,232430,7820736,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,NomNomDinosaur,"Just incredible, amazing story telling with great atmosphere and constant tension as you try and discover what happened to your family. Perfect voice acting and strong emotions make this game stand out; exactly what I like to see created in the gaming genre."
,Recommended,232430,8368184,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,"Jim ""Mad Dog"" Mattis","It takes an hour and a half, and it's good. Play it."
,Recommended,232430,8368503,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Whutrick the Painter,o my god the feels
,Recommended,232430,8368962,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,cinphart,"An interesting experience, but not your average game."
,Recommended,232430,8368997,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,GravesDisease,"A stunning experience this game is, in which it manages to perfectly characterise believable human lives through the fragments they have discarded or left behind. This is an important game to play and there is very little reason to not do so."
76561198054351096,Not Recommended,232430,8369531,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,erinpac1983,"Extremely, extremely short.  No plot twists.  No explanation or conclusion to any sub-plots.  It's a story telling game with very little story."
,Recommended,232430,8370209,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Olson_Rough,loved it. <3
,Not Recommended,232430,8370319,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ScoobeeDoobie,"This game was extremely disappointing. I was expecting it to be more like The Stanley Parable but it was just a short story about a girl that has nothing remarkable about it. I thought it had potential when there was a paranormal presence added to the game, however they added nothing than a couple stories about a ghost in the house. I bought this when it was on sale and I still think this game is worth about $2 at max. It was the shortest game I ever played and could get more enjoyment buying angry birds on my phone."
76561198027181069,Recommended,232430,8371115,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Harryx,"heartbreaking story, love it T_T."
76561198042000450,Recommended,232430,8371838,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Evanmileus,A wonderful and moving interactive expierence.
76561198048133776,Recommended,232430,8372359,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,riley3117,I absolutely love this game. It is an amazing adventure and worth the price. Sure its a tad short but its an amzing experience to discover the story of your home.
76561198012666500,Recommended,232430,8372459,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,meunda,Amazing interactive storytelling game that keeps you guessing.
,Recommended,232430,8373056,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,josteinlk,Sinnsykt bra historie! og skummelt :)
76561198120425032,Recommended,232430,8373183,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,revelator9,I Understand now why this game is in game of the year talks. your doing a yourself a disservice by not playing this experience.
,Recommended,232430,8360019,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,jaredk27,a video game made my cry
76561198024062471,Recommended,232430,8360054,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,evildead42,Amazing !
,Recommended,232430,8360148,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,srespresso,not a bad way to spend 3 hours
76561198003806602,Recommended,232430,8360292,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,SheepHouse,"A unique experience that can be completed in 2 hours, but stays with you long after."
76561198009673322,Not Recommended,232430,8360296,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,The Prince Who Was Promised,"Cool game but definately not Game of the Year material. Very surprised it's up for so many awards. Would play for $5, not for $20"
76561198042293634,Recommended,232430,4833626,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,flaming8-ball,Damn good game. I cried. Some of the best voice acting I've ever heard and good character development. Not super long but I definitrlydon't regret buying. Won't soon forget it.
76561198027189265,Recommended,232430,8360521,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Stanley,"An amazing game. My personal favorite indy game of 2013 for sure.This game is surely not for everybody. It's like a combination of an amazing novel and a very good movie with amazing plot and very good actors, only here you decide yourself how much of a story you are being told. Playing this felt magical, different and overall amazing.My wife enjoyed sitting with me on the couch to the very and of the game, while I was playing this piece of art to find out more about the story and enjoy the amazing 90th atmosphere, after randomly joining early on, which never happens with other games.I highly recommend it to all the people who still enjoy reading good books and can live for three hours without killing somebody in a videogame."
,Recommended,232430,1593614,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,The Squidtopus,"Gone Home is one of those games that everyone should play. It doesn't matter if you're into exploration-based games like this or not, this is an absolute masterpiece of not just gaming storytelling, but as storytelling in general: telling a heartwarming tale that anyone can relate to. It's a short game, but you will not forget the people you learn about (I say ""people"" and not ""characters"" because I would not be surprised if I met the Greenbriars in person) and their lives you experience. Gone Home is simply one of the best and most realistic love stories I have ever experienced. I implore anyone with an appreciation for excellent storytelling to play this game (especially because of the insanely accurate representation of life in the 90's). This is the kind of game I needed to play; proof that a game can be absolutely breathtaking without a single boss fight, a single puzzle, or even one character you actually meet in person. To explain any further the reasons why Gone Home is simply one of the best experiences I've had in a long time would spoil what makes it so beautiful.Just take my advice: it may seem steep at 20 dollars for a 2-3 hour long game, but the experience will stay with you long after the credits roll. It's simply a must-play."
76561197981745507,Recommended,232430,8165081,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,jibby123,"Good story line and good placement of story elements within the house. I would had liked to have seen more explanations about the ""creepy house"" and background about the people who lived in it before. Also, the parents and your character seemed flat and uninteresting. Overall worth the $5 when it was on sale but I don't think I would had spent more than that since I got throught the whole game in about an hour and a half."
,Recommended,232430,8166956,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Lady,"Whether it was simply turning a light off and on and opening draws or crouching to find hidden notes, this game was quick to immerse me into a story of love, loss, hurt and mystery. Retro riot grrrl and anarchy vibes will be felt and you will love it to bits."
,Recommended,232430,8167469,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,CriticalComposer,A fantastic interactive novel that will make laugh and cry. A ton of effort went into making sure every bit of the house fit into the 90's look. The attention to detail in regards to the Punk and Riot Grrl paraphernalia is immense and aids with the delivery of the characters and the message. Everyone should give this a chance as it is definitely a strong piece in the fight for games as art.
,Recommended,232430,8168471,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Fohmyn,"Gone Home is a really great little adventure game. You show up at your family's house and just through exploration find out an unwinding story of what's been going on in your absence. The narrative it tells evokes emotion in a way very few games have done for me. You get drawn into it and it's very very well done.The only downside is that it's short, maybe around two hours if you're being thorough and reading/trying everything. I'd suggest that it's worth it, but buying on sale would definitely be a good option.Very highly recommend you try it out if you've got it sitting on your library or if you buy it on impulse."
,Recommended,232430,8156406,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,geeklactica,"Wow! I really enjoyed this game from beginning to end. Such an intriguing story told in a really beautiful way. I felt totally immersed in the world through the facinating level design, the wide range of interactive objects, the music, and haunting ambient sounds. I really enjoyed searching every corner of this game, following the clues and slowly piecing together the story.  If you enjoy a good story told in an interesting and immersive way then you will enjoy Gone Home."
,Recommended,232430,8159513,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,cdkee,Yes.
,Recommended,232430,8160273,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,zamnc,Got it during the sales and it was definitley worth the $9.99 if you enjoy a strong story with something different. If your looking for something filled with more excitement this probably isn't for you though.
,Recommended,232430,8184472,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,riq,"This game. Man, this game. The less you know about the story coming in, the better. Part of the tension, mystery, and fun is actually getting to know the family and tying together little snippets of information scattered throughout the house to understand what's actually going on. The way the developers chose to develop the story was pretty novel and genious. Also, if you were a teenager during the 90's (as I was) you'll feel strangely comfortable with the setting, music, culture/pop references. It definitely brought some of that era back for me.Expect a 3-5 hour game. One I think it's better if done in a single sitting. This was definitely one of my top 10 best experiences playing video games this year. Go get it before someone spoils it for you.Edit:Forgot to mention, this game is pretty solid and stable (at least it was for me). The only thing that glitched for me was that once I was done with the house, and came the moment to open that final door, I was unable to. It wasn't until I exited the game, grabbed a sandwich, then retried that I was able to open that last door. Just throwing this out there in case you find yourself in a similar situation, try this first before going online trying to find hints (since that can turn out to be a spoilerrific minefield)."
,Recommended,232430,8184865,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Activelee,An intimate and absorbing game I had to experience for myself. The unique storytelling grabbed me the entire playthrough. One of the best walking simulators of this year.
,Recommended,232430,8185283,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Jeff Higgins,"Wow, this game.Adam Sessler was right calling it game of the year, it was amazing,It's short, I finished it in just 2 hours, but it's a very good 2 hours packed with an awesome story that's paced perfectly.I highly recommend it."
76561198028941875,Recommended,232430,8185323,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,gonz0_12,"Gone home is an indie game that is about exploration and storytelling. While short in length (about 2 hours), it manages to tell a  quite a lengthy story and you definitely feel like you have gone through a journey by the end of it. The game also manages to play on the natural fears of the player through it's cleaver creation of atmosphere.Though this is definitely a great game, I can't help but wonder if it has ended up on so many game of the year lists due to it's semi-controversial subject matter. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes a good story, or has an affinity for the avant garde when it comes to games."
76561198014297838,Recommended,232430,8187465,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,mosteve,yes
,Recommended,232430,8188981,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Adrian,"Easily one of the best games of 2013, if not the very best."
76561197968620182,Recommended,232430,8189066,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,ReadyToPlay,"Though its shortness may irk the conventional gamers, ""Gone Home"" effectively and poignantly presents the history of a family, their growing up, their work, their loves and relationships, and a few skeletons in the closets.  And it does so without showing anything on the screen other than primarily the personal artifacts of the family.  You see children's drawings and writings, greeting cards, personal letters, newspaper clippings, legal documents, manuscripts, and even receipts, concert posters, and cassette tapes that offer glimpses to this family's life.Some of the reviewers here are far too basic in their thinking.  They want great stories, without realizing good storytelling doesn't necessarily have to do with good stories.  The film classic ""Meet Me in St. Louis"" does not have a definite story either, and is basically a series of vignettes of family life.  And this is what ""Gone Home"" is like: it is primarily a series of events in this family being looked at retrospectively by the player, letting you feel the hopes, dreams, and disappointments of what seem to be a fairly straight-laced modern family that is going through some crises.  You cannot go into this game expecting a conventional adventure game, the same way you cannot go to see a film like ""Picnic at Hanging Rock"" (which is also very light on conventional storytelling) expecting a conventional plot.  ""Gone Home"" pushes the envelope in both the art of gaming and the art of storytelling and that is why it is getting all the praises."
,Recommended,232430,8189676,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Mugs,"Gone Home purely compromises of exploration and discovery. There are no character interactions. It's gameplay in its simplest terms, I basically spent most of my time throwing stuff around the house. Sure it sounds like a bland game but really it’s far from.The premise of the story revolves around our young protagonist returning home. From there on out it’s purely up to you to figure out who she is and what has happened. This narrative structure basically makes you into the protagonist. Everything she knows, you know.It’s the writing what makes this game really great. It makes you want learn everything there is to know about the residents. The level design deserves special mentioning. It’s a mix between joy and compulsion to investigate every little nook and cranny the house has to offer.The story itself, if you can call it that, is not a clear cut one. You’re going to have to fill in the blanks and spaces yourself. It’s fairly short, taking about half an hour to complete.Graphics and sound aren’t really worth mentioning. They aren’t bad by any means but there not a reason why you’ll want to pick this up.Recommendation: Yes, especially for the curious minded or for those who are looking for something different.Voyuer/10"
76561198019550083,Recommended,232430,8012831,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Chazie,"Pretty good. But a bit short. You can literally finish the game in a couple of hours. The attention to detail was immaculate and the mystery was there. I just wish there was more to it than ""that""."
,Recommended,232430,7583311,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,VonDook,GOTY. No question.
,Recommended,232430,8004993,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,LegendaryBigT,"I didn't know what to expect when I decided to play Gone Home, but I am amazed at what I got. It's a great story in the live of this seemingly normal family. You expect there to be a ghost story or some danger, but you get something better than that. It's a game that should be experienced and well worth your time."
,Recommended,232430,8000330,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,13randO,"Compact yet endearing; Gone Home is short enough to feel impactful but long enough not to overstay it's welcome.  Twenty dollars IS a steep price for admission, so be on the lookout once Steam sales roll in.  To talk about it is to give it away, but I implore that you give this game the 2-3 hours of your time it deserves."
,Recommended,232430,8006041,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Tycoon Padre,An outstanding demonstration of how video games can tell a story in a manner that no other medium is capable of. Truly fantastic.
,Recommended,232430,166646,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Audeez,Gone Home is the new high water mark for interactive first-person narrative games. It as if someone took the atmosphere and pacing of Dear Esther and combined it with the gut punch sincerity of To The Moon. I was throughly entranced by the experience from start to finish.
,Recommended,232430,8006275,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Shrineheart,"This game was amazing. I have always liked games where you poke around and interact with things and this set up was kind of amazing. People who like games more focused on fighting, acheiving a goal, etc won't like this game most likely but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥as a story based experience it's lovely."
,Recommended,232430,69945,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,CarlCX,"A wonderful, emotional exploratoin in level design. It's a little disappointing that an attempt at experiential storytelling is so narrative-centric, but that narrative is still fantastic and got me misty. Think on how many games you've played about shooting people in the last year and then give this a try."
,Recommended,232430,8011331,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Mister Hyphen,Wow. THAT is how to tell a story.Get this. It's short and absolutely beautiful.
76561197998652859,Recommended,232430,7982622,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,RainbowBrite,"I recommend this game because I want to encourage developers to continue working on experimental games such as this one. Players should not buy this game at full price, however, because there is only 2-3 hours of gameplay. I recommend this game at 75% its full price only."
,Recommended,232430,7984281,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Blue Rising,A beautiful and incredibly engrossing look into an ordinary family's life. There's no way you will see the ending coming. Well worth two hours of your life.
76561198030108301,Recommended,232430,3977837,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Fornteller,"Gone Home offers a classic close-quarters adventure game with several unique plotlines, each detailing very real problems, such as identity, fear of the uncertain, and depression. Discover the secrets of a long-lost relatives mansion, dig into the trials of a conspiracy novelist, and trace the potential love affairs of a close family member. If you're the kind of gamer who enjoys a compelling, memorable story, Gone Home is definitely worth a try. [Game time - about two-to-three hours.]"
,Recommended,232430,7986598,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Phil_NW,"Possibly the best written, best realised, most interesting and moving story I've read/watched/played in a long time.Play it and decide for yourself. I won't try to convince you further."
,Recommended,232430,7987602,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,daron,Fantastic
,Recommended,232430,7987737,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,TheEvilBread,"Although I find that people are constantly arguing whether this can be defined as a ‘game’ or not, I find myself firmly planted within the ‘yes’ category. The experience is very enjoyable and a throwback to the adventure games of the 90’s that a lot of us grew up with, however, contemporary players who are more infatuated with elaborate set pieces and pulse pounding combat might find this title to be very slow paced for their liking.That being said, I absolutely loved the atmosphere presented within this game, there’s a mixture of horror and mystery surrounding the events and notes that you discover throughout the course of the experience, right up until the conclusion where the proverbial rug is swept from under your feet. There is plenty of interaction from everyday objects to certain key items as well as aesthetically pleasing surroundings accompanied by the fantastic ambience of a stormy night as rain batters against the window and what sounds like footsteps creaking in the floorboards in the room above your head.Again, this game is very slow paced but I rarely manage to play a game where I get so emotionally invested within characters that I’ve only known for a short length of time. The absolute best way to experience this title is in the dark, with headphones and knowing absolutely nothing about the plot other than the provided synopsis. Although there is nothing innovative with the gameplay mechanics within ‘Gone Home’, the characterisation and narrative structure is certainly one that both aspiring and established developers should take note of."
76561198066176567,Recommended,232430,7988562,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,raptor,Awesome- must buy!!
76561197982388623,Recommended,232430,7988928,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,mars,Excellent. Recommended for quiet moments in time.
,Recommended,232430,8317471,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Quaich,"Great interactive story telling.  Not a traditional game experience, but well worth if it your up for something a little different."
,Recommended,232430,8317557,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Individual616,"I was very skeptical going into this considering all you do is walk around reading pages for an hour and a half, but I was caught off guard how well this story unfolds. At times you think it's going to end one way or another, but once you get to the end you're satisfied. This tale of a dysfunctional family in the mid 90's earns its place on all those 2013 best-of lists. Not sure if it's worth full price, but getting it on sale ($6) is justified."
,Recommended,232430,8317626,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Banana for scale,"If someone is reading this review to see if this game is worth buying. Hell yeah. I am not a big fan of this type of game but man, it worth it."
,Recommended,232430,8317887,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Rxxannon,"As a fan of point-and-click adventures and text-based adventure games, this is an excellent game. Very short, and probably a little overpriced at £14.99.I went in knowing very little about the game, and I'd recommend others to do the same."
,Recommended,232430,8317904,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Rhomega,"I'd like to begin by saying that I'm no stranger to the relatively new ""short interactive story"" genre of games, having played Dear Esther, Kentucky Route Zero, and The Stanley Parable.  There's no combat, puzzles, enemies, it's impossible to die, and you can  complete the game in an hour or so.I came into this game looking at a mystery and a '90s nostalgia piece.  Sure, there's plenty of nostalgia, which is a nice feature, but it's ultimately superfluous, with the only truly important thing being Street Fighter II.  I started thinking that ghosts were responsible for the family's disappearance (the game does hint that the house is haunted), but the real story is something completely different.  It's fun exploring the house and picking up various things and learning about Katie's father and his writing career, and her mom's National Forestry Service career.  It's really all about her sister Sam, as the story is driven through diary entries you'll unlock by finding things throughout the house.  I won't spoil it here though, you have to find out for yourself.Like the other ""short interactive story"" games, this doesn't have too much replayability, unless you want to dig it out after a while.  I'm going to go ahead and recommend it, but get it on sale, and give it at least one playthrough."
76561198055318425,Recommended,232430,8317951,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Re,"Great story-based game. Time/place was accurate and sound design was on point. Aesthetically pleasing all-around. Price tag is a bit much, as gameplay lasts between one to two hours, so get it while it's on sale."
76561197984518272,Recommended,232430,8318510,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Logoi,This is an excellent game.  It's so refreshing to play something that is genuinely intelligent and crafted.  The 'story' unfolds as you explore the house... with a unforgettable conclusion.  How does it work?  How can such a strong story just 'appear' as we pick through the scraps and hints of a deserted house?  That's the magic of the game.  Highly recommended!!
76561197984518272,Recommended,232430,8318515,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Logoi,This is an excellent game.  It's so refreshing to play something that is genuinely intelligent and crafted.  The 'story' unfolds as you explore the house... with a unforgettable conclusion.  How does it work?  How can such a strong story just 'appear' as we pick through the scraps and hints of a deserted house?  That's the magic of the game.  Highly recommended!!
,Recommended,232430,8318540,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,tj1673,"This game is pretty fantastic. The setting is just one house, which is laid out almost perfect to a T. There's no denying that you have this eerie sense of someone behind you all the time. The story telling in this game is also quite fantastic. This is only further proven by the phenomenal voice acting done, especially by the voice of Sam. Unfortunately, this game suffers from brevity as it is only about an hour or two, at best. However, still, I could not give this game any higher praise (especially since it was done by a team of four individuals). Definitely one of the best games of 2013."
,Recommended,232430,8318549,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,tj1673,"This game is pretty fantastic. The setting is just one house, which is laid out almost perfect to a T. There's no denying that you have this eerie sense of someone behind you all the time. The story telling in this game is also quite fantastic. This is only further proven by the phenomenal voice acting done, especially by the voice of Sam. Unfortunately, this game suffers from brevity as it is only about an hour or two, at best. However, still, I could not give this game any higher praise (especially since it was done by a team of four individuals). Definitely one of the best games of 2013."
,Recommended,232430,8316612,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,sba.Stonez,"I've not played a game in a long while which I considered as quickly as immersive and evocative of the time like this game is.  The tension from the outset, the angst and expected heartbreak of a situation which I wont spoil is wonderfully compelling...  I'm reviewing this within two hours.  That's how good this game is!  Oh and a tip o' the hat to the sound/music guy!  It's brilliant!Edit at 4Hrs:  I took my time and finished it.  What a gem of a game!  A totally beautiful story with characters I connected to immediately.  If only the game were longer, not that I mean it was too short.  I mean it in the sense I would have loved to have spent more time discovering the secrets of the house."
,Recommended,232430,8318711,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,MSC,"Took me about 2 hours to complete, a rad game. Made me feel emotions. 10/10 emotions felt about my childhood."
76561198115124072,Recommended,232430,8318797,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,DaringDash,"Liked this game. Emotional and entertaining, but short. Don't buy for full price, if it's on discount you should definitely give this one a try."
76561198050032061,Recommended,232430,8291844,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Apocalypse Meow,"For anyone saying that this is not a game, the definition of ""game"" in the dictionary is as follows: An activity providing entertainment or amusement; a pastime.Gone Home provided me with almost two hours of entertainment, and I was not dissapointed. I got this game on sale for half off, which I would recommend, but a twenty dollar price tag for a two hour long story is about the same price you would pay for a new DVD or Blu ray. Not saying this is a movie, but its story is similar to one.If you ever get a chance, do not pass on the title."
,Recommended,232430,8316057,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Kapitein Billetjes,"Just sat down and played it ine one go. First off, it's a great story. It touches you deeply as most of will be able to relate back to what is happening in one way or another. And this is what makes this game great. Everyone can relate to it. The game is minimalistic yet realistic in it's gameplay. No hud, no quests nothing. Just a story which is told to you every step of the way. If this were a book it would not be a good one, this impact and the strength of this game lies in the way the story is presented and how all the pieces are put together as you progress.This is the first game that has compelled me to write a review about it. You can finish it in less than 3 hours, which bring me to the only downside; the price. During the Steam sales the game justifies the price.Final remark. Won't be in my best games of all time list as most games on that list are games which have fond memories bound to them. On the other hand, what is conveyed through the game is something so deeply touching that is has rightfully earned a place in my best games of all time list.Without spoiling it. Get the game while it's on offer and immerse yourself in the game, play it in one go and you will understand why it is good. I dare to say that you will feel obliged to leave a review behind after finishing the game."
76561198022578608,Recommended,232430,8319087,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Harimir,an interaktive history with a smal history who vas defenetly woth my monny
76561198061330722,Recommended,232430,8318912,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Benjiminio,"A game that challlenges a lot of the mechanics we know and love, which is likely why the reviews are so mixed.If you like murder mysteries, suspenseful paranormal activities or guns-blazing FPS, this might not be for you.If you can immerse yourself in a voyeuristic experience which involves a bit of reading, listening to audio logs and finding clues, then you'll love this. I get the impression it will appeal more to those who read a lot and those who like to search through every corridor, nook and cranny in RPGs.However, everyone could try this. It's new, innovative and interesting.The subtly guided emotional journey you embark upon is ingenious, inventive and beautifully executed. A real achievement in game design. FYI the information you find on your own family is pretty broad. You will find a lot of odd things- described by some as red herrings- but they're not. You're assuming you're only goal is to find your sister or something similar.Really, you're just wondering through your parent's house trying to figure out what's going on, particularly worrying about your sister.Even that's too specific- you're just wandering around looking through your old stuff. I ended up feeling some odd nostalgia finding my trophies in the basement... items I've never seen before. You end up thinking about your in-game family, likely reflecting on your own, because the family issues raised are so common nowadays.I thoroughly enjoyed this as a player, was enthralled as a budding game designer, and was moved by Sam's story- likely moreso as it reflected some of my own situation.Predictable? Moderately. Clichéd? A little, but if you're annoyed about a lack of plot twists or explosions in the ending, you've missed the point entirely.Thank you for the experience."
,Recommended,232430,8319093,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,NovaDigi,"Gone Home has a predictable story, but still managed to keep me interested long enough for the 90 minutes it took me to complete the game. I recommend it, but only if you can get it during a sale like I did. There's just not enough there to justify $20."
,Recommended,232430,8319212,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Scy0n,"Very few games succeed in hitting that viceral emotional nerve that makes youfeelfor the characters... Where so many other games fail,Gone Homehits a grand slam. The voice acting is spectacular. The atmosphere is perfect.You owe it to yourself to play this game."
,Recommended,232430,8319310,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Uncle Sickus,"Amazing game. Absolutely beautiful story. Unfortunately it can be beaten in one 4-hour sitting and has no replay value. If you can get it on sale, GET IT."
,Recommended,232430,131339,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Bullet_Catcher*,"Like one of my friends said, ""Go ♥♥♥♥ing play this game right now""."
,Recommended,232430,8317068,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Jdogg4eva,Better than I expected :D definitely worth a shot
76561198116725523,Recommended,232430,8317363,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ezkankekko,"Incredible story and character development.  By the end of the game I felt like I had really gotten to know the family on a  personal level.  I don't think I've experienced anything this poignant in any medium within the past few years.A disclaimer.  I finished the game in about 2.5 hours with at a casual pace.  While some players may question the value of this game in terms of dollars/hour, I would remind everyone that we pay just as much for movie tickets and in my opinion the narrative in this game far surpasses anything I've seen in theatres in recent memory."
,Recommended,232430,7611323,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Beyr*QC,"Solid and compelling story telling. Lots of attention put in the audio, so we get the best experience possible. Good lenght, for what it is meant to be. Warm recommendation."
,Recommended,232430,8320107,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,xXM3M3st3rJ05HXx,I don't get why a lot of the reviews here are negative. Maybe a lot of people bought this expecting it to be something it isn't. So here's an accurate description of the gameplay: You walk around and look at stuff. That's it. Although I wouldn't say it's anything like Dear Esther. The environments are the most detailed I've ever seen in a game and you'll actually notice this because there's no monsters trying to kill and/or distract you. People say the environments in Bioshock are really detailed but I wouldn't know because there was always something trying to kill me. I enjoyed the story and the way the developers chose to tell it and that's really all there is to say. Buy this game if you're the kind of person who will stay in a room after you've killed everything in it to look for secrets or loot or whatever. Don't buy it if you immediately lose interest in the room once everything is dead.
76561198011644916,Recommended,232430,8320117,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Wondergoat,"Been playing for 15 miniutes and I am hooked. Not only that, it's a great game me and my girlfriend can play together, since there's no killing or blood or whatever. Do yourself a favor and get this game."
,Recommended,232430,8320802,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Kailon791,One of the best pieces of storytelling I have ever experienced. The emotion that is conveyed through this adventure is nothing short of art. A must play for anyone.
76561197983843881,Recommended,232430,8320835,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Kajean,its aight
76561197960397792,Recommended,232430,8320889,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Zartanius7,"It's always interesting to see a game that has been so wildly regarded by critic's falling under such divisive opinion by the gaming community.  It's a testament to a game such as this which falls under certain genre criteria but goes its own way in various means of implementation.  Given that and the hype surrounding this title its little wonder that a game such as this will be met with the rumination of some members of the gaming community.  Gone Home is not a typical game in many traditional sense.  Though it takes the form of many familiar staples of the industry.  It flies in the face of these traditional moulds in so many directions that its no wonder it has fallen under the scrutiny of those who don't seem to understand it. Perhaps most pervasive of these complaints is the price tag.  Which is agreeable that given the content of this game 19.99 may be a little high for most.  If this game were on the apple store with a 4.99 price tag, perhaps some of the divisiveness felt in the user reviews would be lessened.  But again there are those who don't think it's worth a penny and some who felt they got their money's worth.  It's the nature of a game such as this, and it's unlikely that any of the various points can fully equate as to why some people like it and some don't.  But perhaps we can all agree that with the industry increasingly honed in on profitable genre's and familiar experiences.  A game that is not afraid take a different path, though it may create both fame and infamy in the process, is a good thing for gaming, gamers, and the industry as a whole."
76561198025209585,Recommended,232430,8321017,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,raendarc,"Not a game for everyone. More a story, with a lot of empathy and heart. So if you're looking for a game game, steer clear. But if you want a story, a good touching story, I recommend it. Some people won't get the point of the story. To some people the story will mean a lot to them. I can't say more without ruining it."
,Recommended,232430,8321033,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ForTheHuynh,David's Game of the Year 2013.
,Recommended,232430,8321297,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Hr. Tohtori,"Gone Home is exploring game without any puzzles or enemies. Your objective is find out why the house is empty. The story is told in short 'cassette recordings', written notes and by visual presentation. And the story captivates the player from the start to end.Note of warning to those that don't like exploration and/or reading/listening: this game requires you read and listen to what is said in order to understand what the game is trying to tell you!This game is meant for those that enjoy good storytelling and have the patience to explore the house and it's inhabitants story."
,Recommended,232430,8321466,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Emily,Incredible and thought provoking!
,Recommended,232430,8321482,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,dylnuge,This was the most beautiful two hours I've ever spent. Play this game if it is the only thing you ever do.
,Recommended,232430,8321493,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Panoni,Great game. Perfect length.  The story is told correctly.  There is no reason not to buy this game.
,Recommended,232430,8321699,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,SomebodyOnceToldMe.....Ok,"TL;DR - Ghosts and lesbians(SPOILERS)I went into this game knowing nothing about it. I would describe this game as a coming of age story of a girl who is in love with another girl who is joining the army. and a story with family issues. If you delve deep you get some interesting facts not just about Sam but her father and mother as well. The father (Terrence) seemed to have a equally tragic story with his book and his rise and fall. The ghost part was underdeveloped (or I missed some info). I have no idea why the house was called ""psycho house"" I beat this game in 1.2 hours and it was worth it for $6.80 but I certainley would have thrown my laptop on the ground if I payed $20 for it."
,Recommended,232430,8322044,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Diokatsu,"I sat down for two hours and played Gone Home without thinking at all about the time it would take. It felt like an eternity of endlessly wading through the intricate personal relationships of four characters, like lifetimes of memories shrunk and compressed into perfectly formed pieces of memories. You'll feel as though you took so long figuring out the true nature of Sam's disappearance, but not long enough. I want more."
,Recommended,232430,8322066,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Plunge,"Short but sweet.  Along the same lines as Dear Esther, so if you like interactive stories, go for it.  Made me cry."
,Recommended,232430,8322067,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Frarry,"Not what I was expecting at all. The craftsmanship of the total game is just great! I don't want to say too much to give away what it is all about, because exploring the world not knowing why your family's home is empty to come to understand all the stories *IS* what the game is about. The music is great, if you like garage punk rock. The atmosphere of the house with not knowing what is going on is just incredible. This is a game worth picking up if you are looking for something different from the normal offerings out there."
,Recommended,232430,8322074,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,JackBurtonLives,"Just finished Gone Home this evening and found it to be an exceptional experience. It's short, and I can see how it will be hard for folks to get past that, but it leaves one heck of a lasting impression. Well worth the asking price, sale or not."
,Recommended,232430,8322470,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ShinyBobblehead,Quite possibly my game of the year. The story telling was amazing and really struck home.
,Recommended,232430,8322673,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,DanTheMuffinMan,It's very good
,Recommended,232430,8322966,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Rainwhisker,"Spoiler free, but in my mind it's best to play through it blind. I'll start by saying Gone Home is a very interesting 'game'. It's a form of interactive narration, more akin to going to see contemporary art. Unlike other kinds of media, video games offer a very unique position of interactivity that can be brought onto any kind of spectrum, like the next level from movies, or from novels - kind of a mix of both. You have the intriguing, thought-provoking movies or books, and then there's the ones aimed at more earthly entertainment. I'm not going to say 'artistic' in this instance because one way or another, every piece of art is, as a friend once said, a commodity, one that can be consumed by others, and one that can be a message or expression of the creator. See, Antichamber.That said, Gone Home was like visiting a very interesting art museum in the sense that it does amazing work in provoking thoughts and feelings in the player. When you enter the empty, dark house as Katie who had never been into this new place on a stormy night, you're a stranger in a new land - similar to Katie herself. At the same time, unlike Katie you know nothing about her. And yet, as you traverse through the home and piece together pieces of random furniture, goods and notes strewn about in the house belonging to the 4-member family, you get to know who Katie is, who her family is, and who, most importantly, her sister Samantha is as well as the people they're interacting with. By the end, you'll feel like you were 'home'.That said though, this is still a narrative, despite the exploratory and 'stranger in big expanse' elements that the game exudes. There is a 'linear' path that the players are guided through - almost like an amusement park ride. It's almost like a roller coaster because you go through some of the more important clues and hints in a somewhat organized manner, and each key step where you learn some important thing about Katie's family you feel and think certain things in the way it's carefully laid out, where it'll change by the next key note or letter. Most of these are actually optional, but the way its done is to make it so that you'll go in a roughly defined path the first time you go through it blind.Overall, by the end, I think I felt that I might be feeling the same as Katie was. I was quite satisfied at the marvellous experience, and the way the entire thing was laid out so expertly for people visiting the mansion. Definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,232430,8294658,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,hawkeyeranou,I really liked it.
,Recommended,232430,8298490,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Mr Waffle,"First off, this isn't a game. Not. A. Game. Rather, it's lovely piece of storytelling that uses a game setting to allow you to explore the story of a girl returning home and finding nobody is there at your own pace. Only buy this if you want to kick back and lose yourself in someone else's world for a couple of hours (play it all in one sitting!). Really well made, but again, don't go in wanting guns and explosions and elves in binkini mail."
,Recommended,232430,8300312,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Patchy,"I just finished playing Gone Home, while I must say that it was a very entertaining experience, probably the only and biggest problem is that it waaaaay too short. I managed to finish the game in less than two hours while examining every corner and object in the game. The game itself is wonderfully made, you stroll around the house uncovering the secrets that led to the situation at hand. I would highly recommend this game but only if it is on sale, it is definitely not worth it's full price. I hope that if there is a sequel, that it will be much longer than this."
,Recommended,232430,8301275,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,CryoG,"very cool game, short but nice story, worth a play"
,Recommended,232430,7451333,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,b4us,"An exploration game, which I assumed would turn into a horror game, became a beautiful love story. All together, a good game, though too short to be worth the price. Try and snag it durring midweek madness!"
76561197970524774,Recommended,232430,7821982,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,raythetse,"Not so much a game as an interactive story, its gives a perspective I think a lot of people would benefit from hearing."
76561198047640478,Recommended,232430,5301890,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,greenman5001,nice home!
,Recommended,232430,7824524,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,AussieCrystalis,"I heard Gone Home was one of those simple games that's more of an ""experience"" than a game. Which is true and why I wanted to play it. It's cool to play things that push the idea of what ""video game"" can mean. The writing is really great in this game. The pacing and timing are pretty much perfect. You just play a girl who's come home after a year abroad to an empty house. You search the house for answers to what happened to your mom and dad and sister. The game can get a little eerie at times but it's there's no scary/horror elements, I promise!"
,Recommended,232430,7825217,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,slowb1rd,This game punched me right in the feels.
76561198067148361,Recommended,232430,7825251,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,nesterfunk,"There is an eerie feeling throughout this entire game. This is mainly because of the unique atmosphere created and the uncertainty of what exactly happened or what kind of game this really is. The game is easily finished in under 2 hours, but it leaves a bigger impact than you might expect. It's a one-of-a-kind gaming experience that I recommend to anyone who has a quiet night of gaming alone for a couple hours."
,Recommended,232430,7825751,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,LA,"Gone Home is a superb example of the ""story as game"" or ""first person story"" genre.  You play as a young woman, in the 80s-90s era, who has just returned from Europe to a strangely empty house and an ominous note from your sister begging you NOT to come looking for her.  Exploring the house allows you to unravel the mystery.The tale is delightfully well told, with an incredible degree of attention paid to the details of life in this time period.  From school binders and notes, to cassette tapes and ticket stubs, everythign feels perfectly placed in time.  For a person who lived through this era it felt like they perfectly captured the feel of my childhood.This is not an action game, but more of a mystery story game and it can be finished in about 2 hours.  If you like things in this  storytelling vein aka Kentucky Route Zero, you will love this title."
,Recommended,232430,7410897,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,mindblaster42,*amazing*
,Recommended,232430,7500550,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,deadguy,"It's a creepy, empty house, and I can promise you two things: you won't die, and you'll experience magnificent storytelling."
,Recommended,232430,7431019,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,fifteen schnitzengruben,"When I was an undergrad, hypertextual fiction was going to be all the rage. That lasted all of five minutes, but Gone Home proves there was something there behind that idea.Spend a couple of hours walking through your family's new house, learn about what your younger sister has been up to and the tribulations of your parents. Little details help the setting, like the hand-labeled VHS tapes, the cereal box with the maze completed, and zines littered throughout the house.The Fullbright Company knocks it out of the park with this one--I can't remember a game that's had as much of an emotional impact."
,Recommended,232430,8047699,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Mr.Applesauce,Pretty cool story if you are into solving mysteries. Not $20 dollars cool but totally $5 bucks cool. Highly recommend if it's on sale!PS - To get the full effect you MUST play this at night with all the lights turned off. The experience probably won't really be half as good during the day.
76561197990242593,Recommended,232430,8049501,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,BoseEinstein[NM],Great example of what games can do with story telling. A must play game.
76561197971955520,Recommended,232430,8049842,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Lunar,"So, first off this game is short. That being said it is well worth playing. The story delivery is some of the best and most immersive I've ever experienced. I recommend this to anyone."
76561198012302806,Recommended,232430,8050371,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Crypt,really feels like i just read a coming of age book... through a first person exploration game?yes to new gaming experiences!
76561198055762608,Recommended,232430,8051086,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Ortzz,"I don't know how to describe why gone home is good without making it sound like a boring game. It is essentially reading notes and listening to audio clips around a room, but the writing is good and so different from that of any other video game. The game is eerie, sad, even blissful in some moments. The emotional spectrum covered in the two to three hours is gigantic, really impressive honestly. The writing mixed with the atmosphere of the lonely mansion just really brought the entire experience home (bad pun, I know).Give it a try sometime"
76561198000067240,Recommended,232430,1943857,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,AndyRobot800,"If you read certain player reviews, you'll see a fair amount of disparaging talk about this game.  Oh, sure, the professional critics love it.  I'll bet at least a few outlets are gonna name it Game Of The Year - even after Bioshock: Infinite blew everyone's minds earlier this summer.  But some folks are not happy.  ""It's not even a game,"" they howl.  ""It's too short, and it's boring, and whatever.""  Fine.  Be that way.  I'll be over here, thinking about how this game follows in the footsteps of Adventure, and Zork, and Super Mario Bros., and Doom, and Deus Ex, and Bioshock... and every other game that pushed the medium forward, just a little bit, by asking ""hey, what if a game could do... this?""  Without ruining anything for you - because, seriously, you gotta play this for yourself - Gone Home, more than anything else, is a small, personal story, told extraordinarily well.  And yes, for it to have this kind of impact, it needed to *be* a game.  You could read this story, or watch it, and it wouldn't affect you as much.  But when you're actually playing the part of Katie, searching for her family in a big, old house on a dark and stormy night, the story haunts you in more ways than one.  It might not be the ""Citizen Kane"" of the video game world, but it might just be gaming's answer to ""Wuthering Heights."""
,Not Recommended,232430,8670148,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Gravelfoot,"A somewhat weak story but with a great atmosphere.Maybe you will like it, maybe you too will feel that the triviality of the core of the story and that it is set in a great atmosphere for a horror game even though it is not one makes for a somewhat strange experience."
76561197977927065,Not Recommended,232430,21864226,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Slinkie Da Donut,"For full price, waaay not worth it.Less than 5 bucks? Not a bad price for what you get.I finished this game in one sessions while steam was offline. I had no real expectations going in, other than this should be similar to Firewatch. In that respect, Firewatch clearly was influenced by elements from this game. If you enjoy firewatch and want a similar experience that iseven shorterthen this is not a bad buy when HEAVILY discounted.This is a walking simulator, with minor puzzle elements. As a 20-something year old male, I personally didn't find the characters engaging, although I can see how it can appeal to a certain demographic.10/10's from high end reviewers? Sorry, I don't see it.Breakdown:Story: 6/10 - For what it is, this is a decent story. There are a number of red herrings, leaving a rather simple story that hinges solely on the delivery of the writing and voice acting, both of which are fine. This story does feel rather... pretentious, but perhaps I'm not the target demograph.Aesthetics: 8/10 - Aside from this game looking and feeling like it should be a horror movie, the graphics and art design are fine. I can definitely tell who's room is who's, and there are objects in the gameworld that make sense.Gameplay: 5/10 - As long as you know what you're getting into: which is a walking sim with some minor puzzle elements, then this is nothing to write home about. There were no innovations, but nothing that completely broke either.Stability: 10/10 - Did not run into a bug during my my short run through.Value: 3/10 - 20 bucks standard? Sorry, the only notable thing about this game is the writing/voice acting. Bring this game down to 5 bucks, and you're looking at 8/10 value ranking.TLDR: If you like firewatch, buy this game when discounted down to 5 bucks."
76561198061635334,Recommended,232430,13116939,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Enrique,"This is an exploration game where a story is gradually revealed.  You play in first person walking around in an empty house, looking at items that the residents left behind, It requires patience. There are no other characters to interact with. If you like to gather clues to try to solve a mystery then this could be for you.  There is a girl-girl story element."
,Not Recommended,232430,21735714,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Kjobb1,"It's a pity that this game costs what it costs. If it had been cheaper, I wouldn't have had a problem with the game.I don't mind a ""walking simulator"" or a ""interactive movie"", infact it has become one of my favorite genres, but this game is simply too short for the price. But price aside, the story is actually pretty good and the voice acting is very nice as well. I enjoyed the game to a certain degree, but as said this doesn't justify the price tag."
76561198045139614,Recommended,232430,25582680,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,TsunamiHurricane,One of the best gaming experiences I have ever has.
76561197969472973,Recommended,232430,30876200,Posted: 1 April,all,The Grave Robber,"Not every game needs to be about shooting, killing and horror to keep the player enthralled and Gone Home proves just that, although it is reserved for a certain type of game player. I love urban exploration and just like the game INFRA - Gone Home brings the exploration interest to your own home.The game starts with a simple storyline and is set in a huge mansion with a creepy and erie basement and attic. It's set at night and the mansion has many rooms to explore. Creepy sounds and lighting effects make you feel at times that there is someone else in the house. There is much to examine and interact with as you set out to find what has gone wrong with your family while you've been away the past year.There are very few games like this where you can just explore openly and freely, INFRA being the only other one that I know of and I made Gone Home last two weeks. Other people rushed through it and finished it in a day, but for me it was all about examining every bit of the house and enjoing all the sound and visuals.All in all I rate this game as a real favourite and I really hope someone makes some more like this."
,Recommended,232430,25622471,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Hermileon,"Podemos analizar cada una de las cosas que componen este juego de forma independiente: la jugabilidad es casi nula, la historia es sencilla pero personal y bien narrada, el lugar y los personajes se sienten reales. Pero lo que hace a este juego especial es la suma de sus partes, es ese conjunto el que hace que Gone Home sea una aventura que recordaré.http://anothernoob.com/has-jugado-gone-home/"
76561198127562484,Recommended,232430,25620338,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Bloodshot121,"i liked this game, felt like u were really there and had many streetfighter and xfile references, felt like the 90s era, nothing i really disliked about the game and yeah id recommend it to others good story."
,Recommended,232430,25636259,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,alcohol_enthusiast,"This game presents a great and innovative way of story telling that isn't for everyone. If you want action, don't play it or you'll have a cry like all the other people who didn't realise you can google a game before buying it. It's a slow paced puzzle game where the plot is revealed as you find items, and if you enjoy stuff like that, it's fun."
76561198046182807,Recommended,232430,5191063,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,coldburst☂,Most beautiful game I'v played in along time I loved it so much i felt so attach to it <3
76561198017750028,Not Recommended,232430,10147678,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Invader Skooj,"In Gone Home, you play as Kaitlin Greenbriar, a young woman returning home after a long vacation. Much like Dear Esther, you explore the house and use context clues and visual storytelling to find out what has changed over time. The game is about an hour long and fairly uninteresting. In fact, the game rides with a 20 USD price tag for a hour of walking around to a story that is inferior to Dear Esther (who, mind you, rides with a 10 USD price tag) and the payoff was just so ""eeehhhh"". Please, do more research before you buy this. This game is being jumped on by reviewers who are mistaking ""Artsy"" with ""Quality"" This is an over-priced and inferior version of Dear Esther (who also has better art design and narrating) Basially go play Dear Esther... not Gone Home."
,Recommended,232430,25487019,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,GigaStoat,"A short, not-entirely-satisfying mystery that nevertheless conjures up a powerful sense of place, aided by an evocative '90s soundtrack and foreboding atmosphere."
,Recommended,232430,25501271,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Kayleesi ♛,"It only took me an hour to play this game all the way through, so it is quite short but I enjoyed every moment of it."
,Recommended,232430,8354458,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ichNinja,This is an amazing experience.
,Recommended,232430,8354463,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,The Bay Harbor Butcher,"If you want a more artful and poetic first person narrative storytelling experience, play Dear Esther. That said, I want more games like this. It's fun exploring and hearing a story through audio and visual clues. I had no desire to continue because the story did not capture my attention. I made it through to know what it was about and I did feel some sympathy for the characters. Two lesbians run off together to live away from unsupportive family. The end."
,Recommended,232430,8354464,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,THE ELEPHANT OF SURPRISE.,"Really a neat game with a wonderful storyline. Its a bit short, but the plot is very nicely pieced together with some fantastic voiceovers. You don't actually meet ANY of the characters in the game, and yet you'll find yourself emotionally invested with each of them as you learn more and more about them as the story goes on. I will admit its overpriced at its normal value, but I picked it up during a steam sale and am glad for it."
,Recommended,232430,8354608,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Johari | ferret,"Well I can say I agree somewhat but for a casual game it fits the bill. I did however purchase it on sale as I would normally most indie games. I would however say I was satisfied with the story being interesting and the voice acting excellent. I left craving more information and possibly a tragic twist but some games were meant to be the way they turned out much like I feel this one was and did.All in all I'd describe this game as a variation on the ""Escape the room"" flash games that has you scouring the room for clues and secrets to fill in the blanks. I went in thinking the worst was going to happen and something was gonna jump out and try to kill me or I was gonna have to run from ghosts or monsters as you basically creep through your own home that you think no one is home at but everyone should be home to greet you especially after spending a year over seas."
,Recommended,232430,8354660,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,siraim,"It’s an unassuming exploration game. It’s not for everyone though. Mechanically, it’s a first person game set in the 90s. I’m trying hard to not spoil anything because the experience is really pretty amazing. Telling you what to expect or what you’ll find will cloud what you do find.  I finished it in about an hour .. maybe an hour and a half. So, consider that when plunking down your 7 bucks.Seriously though.. if you’re up for a unique game play experience, this game is pretty incredible. Just get lost in the setting for a while.."
,Recommended,232430,8355022,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,TrickShot!,An amazingly powerful and moving story experience. The ending will leave you emotional ... or you're not alive.
,Recommended,232430,8355438,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,muranell,"Looking at the traile, the game pretty boring and frankly it seemed like something I wouldnt really get. Given that im recomending it, it should come to no surprise that I was wrong. Gone Home is a story exploration game where you play as a young women named Katie. You have just came home after studing abroad in europe, expecting finialy see your mom, dad, and sister again after the long trip, but nobody is home. That is your goal in the game, to simply find out why. Although you can coast through the story simply by listening to the journals, if you really want to piece things toghether you will have to study your surroundings. Its this that makes Gone Home truelly special. It manages to tell a verry compeling story all while using a verry little amount of dialog."
76561198007037106,Recommended,232430,8355468,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Neam0002,This is the best story I have ever played.
,Recommended,232430,8355514,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Sith Lord Tater,"http://images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130919195117/glee/images/7/7f/34912-so-many-feels-gif-uQy0.gifI didn't look into this before buying it.  I had heard good and bad things.  For some reason, I thought it was a horror game.  It reminded me that I do still have a soul that feels instead."
76561198050244303,Recommended,232430,8330854,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Ferginator88,"Don't research this game, don't ask about this game, just play it."
76561198056679425,Not Recommended,232430,8355907,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Michael5142,"A somewhat interesting story told in a magnificent way, it was awfully linear given the way your hand was held with locked doors and safe combinations. Maybe I didn't ""get it"" (a lot of reveiwers put this in their top 10 of the year lists oddly enough) but why did the characters(s) only stay in one part of the house for each period of their lives?  Enjoy the high res textures, voice acting, and 90's references but don't expect anything else. Minimal amounts of puzzling, just a bit of note with a combination or a door key.I think I would have enjoyed this more if the story was more of a puzzle than a line of papers."
,Recommended,232430,8356082,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Von_Braun,Surprisingly heartwarming.
76561198024410408,Recommended,232430,8356305,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,JayOx,"Gone Home is a surprisingly emotional experience which captivates you by teasing your curiosity and perhaps causing you to reminince about your own youth.  The games basic premise is that you're attempting to discover what's going on in your family's life by piecing together information you get from various letters, reports and diary entries.  There's no running, jumping or fighting involved, only walking around exploring and investigating your parents mansion.  The story is interesting but nothing special, however the voice acting is great and really helps to bring the character to life.  I definately recommend picking this up, however at only 2 to 3 hours from start to finish you might want to catch it while it's on sale."
,Recommended,232430,8356336,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,lastenline,"It's a nice game with a rich back story you need to dig for. You'll be on pins and needles until the end, which wasn't what I was expecting, but was a satisfying conclusion."
76561198041920464,Recommended,232430,8356354,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Trollykins,"An absolutely amazing experience. Interactive fiction at its finest. The level of immersion is just something you don't get with any other genera. That being said, if you aren't a fan of purely storytelling games then this might not be for you.Otherwise, it should be on you list to play."
,Recommended,232430,8356870,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,NeCornilius,"very short, super creepy"
,Recommended,232430,8256197,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,*(Milking Monkeys)*,"Short, but great story!"
,Recommended,232430,8381746,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,RBaugh,"Very interesting and quick. Definitely worth playing at night w/ the lights off. :)Not in love with the story, it's a bit generic (really), but the experience you have of coming home, to a new house with no family to greet you, and trying to figure out what's been going on is really something games don't typically deliver."
,Recommended,232430,8382237,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,codhand,"No spoilers, just play it."
76561198025502191,Recommended,232430,8382284,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,InfamousAnimal,the game was short but the story amazingly complex having to piece together the events of you families life while you  were away from the objects and letters you find in the house. the detail in the house is amazing and even little things like school text books and homework assignments being left out leads us to learn about the charecters of the game and the life of family in the mid 90's.  however sometimes it getts a little hard to swallow your sister leaving you some notes sure but wouldnt her parents also find them? perhaps thats why her parents are gone as well of searching for your sister after reading all of the same notes. however that still dosent change why the wife would leave the notes about the ensuing affair all over the house i mean come on is her fateher that nieve.
,Recommended,232430,8382488,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Supaslim,"Two stories overlapped into one big, uneasy, nervewracking, heartbreaking, uplifting, unsettling ball of awesome."
76561198065211588,Not Recommended,232430,8382720,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,tanatastic,"Lots of hype for this game going in. Theres really not much to it besides clicking on stuff for an hour and a half or so and listening to the story of your sister play out, then its over with a less than riveting end. Atmosphere is great, music is fine and sound effects are nice, but it just doesnt really go anywhere past a hint of something cool that could be building up. I got stuck trying to find the next thing to click on so I consulted a FAQ for direction. It doesnt ruin anything for you, just saves pointless exploration. Yes the story brought some emotions out and can be a nice little tale but nothing to remember, more like a not that uncommon scenario that just plays out.Honestly just youtube a playthrough of the game (it can be beaten in 15 min or way less if you know where u are going) and you will get everything out of it that actually playing would give you. I cant say its a bad game, its just....nothing really. Its like when you go see a movie and you are anticipating something great happening, but when it doesnt happen you look back and decide the whole movie wasnt very good...thats what happens here. While playing its nice and easy to get into and at one point I said ""ok, now things are really going somewhere."" But when they dont it just dampens the whoel time spent getting there.To sum up..Too short, no payoff, good production values. But talking about this game as a GOTY contender and comparing it to something like Last of us is a crime."
,Recommended,232430,8382746,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Zoli,"Great narrative. Fantastic atmosphere and attention to detail, story-wise. The visuals are meh, but it doesn't even matter. Buy this game if you enjoy a good story.♥♥♥♥in A."
76561197972376510,Recommended,232430,8383002,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Zedon,"You return from a year spent abroad to the house your family moved into while you're away, and nobody is home.  So you wander the house, picking up various objects, reading letters and homework assignments, in order to build a piece together just where your sister and parents went off to.  All 3 members of the family have their own story to discover, though the focus is on your younger sister, with a lot of her story presented to the player via voiced journal entries when you find certain objects.  I don't want to give too much away about the details of the story, but I will say that it is emotionally powerful, and poignant.  Prepare to be on the edge of your seat at times as well, because this old creaky house has lots of secrets and gives a strong vibe that it is haunted.It took me just over 2 hours to complete, but is very engaging. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,232430,8383994,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,FauxDragoon,"Gone Home is a brilliant crafted masterpiece in gaming. Though not for everyone that is already into games, it works to a tell a story in a way that no other medium can. This is game I would show someone who has never really given gaming a chance to show them how much this medium has matured."
76561198019961740,Recommended,232430,8383652,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Clear,"Wow, I had written a short review, but after scrolling through the main ""review"" tab for Gone Home, I felt as if I owed it to this game to talk it up a little more.I bought Gone Home becuase it was on sale, and i had heard from man sources that it was amazing, 10/10, GOTY material. I had also heard that it wasn't a ""game"" in a modern sense, as it primarily focused on exploration and narritive. I had no idea what the story of the game would be about, and I had expected a few more puzzles native to it's form of media, but all-in-all I was pleasently suprised.I won't spoil more then any other review, as I strongly urge you, the reader, to play this for yourself. I'd like to ask for you to purchase it through Steam, but I'm not quite sure that it's worth $20, though it's definitely worth $10.In Gone Home, you play as a girl arriving home from a year long trip to Europe, only to find no one at the family's new home to greet you. Using critical thining and problem solving skills, it's your job to uncover all the mysteries of this new home and the past year.Saying any more than that would dampen this game's effect, but I highly recommend playing it yourself at a leisurely pace. I played this game in one sitting, about 2  and a half hours long, though I'm pretty sure I only finished a few of the story arcs. There is no HUD aside from the menu to assist you as the player. You're forced to rely on common sense, as well as curiosity, to continue through the game.I understand how many people wouldn't recommend this game, as it's exremely unlike near-everything in my Steam library, but I'd say that the gaming community needs more advante garde right now. We've been in a rut for almost a decade now, just recently having conveyed that narrative is important. We are near a change, but it's yet to come. Supporting games like this sends a message, and gives you an experience you won't forget."
,Recommended,232430,8384073,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,jah2488,Such a wonderful game. A pure joy to experience.
,Recommended,232430,8384547,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Deathsnapper,"Gorgeous story, great execution, but quite short. It's basically an interactive short story. If you can justify the game's price for a 1-2 hour story, I can certainly recommend it."
,Recommended,232430,8385048,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,darkNightDRAGON,"This game is:- First-Person-View- no guns- no puzzles- no time limit- no NPCs- no action- no multi-player- no enemiesits just PURE exploration / investigation / adventure - and it is 100% INNOVATION!Just like with Portal years ago - the games' innovation really IS its 'core-awesomeness' and therefore there is only one word that comes to my mind when I play it:""RESPECT""This game is unique,  simple and just genius in its design!Just buy it!"
,Recommended,232430,8385354,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,PersonGuy,"It is a very interesting game with a story mechanic, that while not exactly original, is very well executed. The puzzles contained within are very simple (in a good way), requiring mostly exploration and finding a certain item. Overall a great experience and interesting story."
76561198048475733,Recommended,232430,8385415,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,A Jedi Knight,"A touching story. It was well worth the time, and a tear or two besides. I loved it."
,Recommended,232430,8386033,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,BrisbaneGamer,"I enjoyed the game, though it is more of an interactive experience than an actaul game. You should take your time when playing, so that you don't miss anything. Best to get the game when it is on sale, as it only takes around 2.5 to 3 hours to complete."
,Recommended,232430,8386266,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Argentum,"There's a profound value and uniqueness in indie games: they are made by small bunches of people with similar views, and because of that, they can really give a soul to their creation. Gone Home is neither a great adventure or quest (I'd rather call it explorational interactive movie), nor has it exceptional storyline (though the way it captures the life of a family, retrospectively unfolding it into a whole picture is remarkable), or great graphics (which still allows it to recreate a pretty large family house in good detail). Instead, the storytelling itself feels emotional and genuine, like it has to be - and the game becomes alive."
76561198009388478,Recommended,232430,8386282,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,AntlerWeasel,"Yes yes entirely yes. This game isn't conventional at all. While most would see exploring a home boring, they can go away cause  this game takes what you know about gaming and goes ""OKAY SO LETS DO THIS INSTEAD"". Don't let ANYONE tell you what the story is about, or else the entire experience is ruined. It may be a tad short, but I still want to go back and replay it just to explore some more and find out something I may have missed. The story was extremely engaging, and brought me to tears I had to hold in. If you consider games a medium of story, just as much as enjoyment, Gone Home is the game for you."
,Recommended,232430,8386576,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,edb987,"""Gone Home"" is an awful game, in the traditional sense. But it's a fantastic experience.The character development, the storytelling, the mechanics, and the emotional connection one makes with the characters is extremely impressive, and generally not found in a majority of the big budget games. I saw a lot of myself in this game, and I'm sure I'm not the only one. The game also had a few jump scares that, while not intentional, freaked me out.There are also a TON of easter eggs in the game. I don't want to ruin them for you, but the ones I found made me chuckle quite a bit.All in all, ""Gone Home"" is a nice break from the violence and the next-gen brown we've seen a lot of recently. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,232430,8387699,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Pop Goes The Greasel,"Gone Hone is a stunning masterpiece in interactive storytelling; having heard about this title on the wire, I picked it up tonight and was inseparably glued to my computer for the following three hours. The synopsis of the game is plastered everywhere so I won't waste words re-hashing that but I will simply say that if you are a fan of low-intensity, slow-paced point-and-click or exploration games, and especially if you have an interest in LGBT topics, you absolutely must buy this game, right now. Bonus points for those of us who grew up as 90s kids and teens; more than a few nostalgic moments can be found as you explore an 'abandoned' 90s house!"
76561197962543256,Recommended,232430,10910127,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,nathangourley,"Excellent story, worth the money."
,Recommended,232430,10910640,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ThunderBrandt,This game is well worth playing to all. It is an absoloutly amazing experience. Well worth the money or get it on sale.
76561198025161026,Recommended,232430,10911077,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,jgnerre,This is one of the most beautiful games I have ever played.  Finally a game that encourages and rewards exploration without making it a monotonous task.  I couldn't stop playing until the entire story was told.  Please make more games like this.
76561198130179133,Recommended,232430,10912812,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,RCRenegade,What a beautiful story. Not what I expected out of this. But truely a beautiful story.
,Recommended,232430,10912839,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,jgreene24,"The storytelling and pacing are phenomenal. The only downside is that the game can be finished in about 2 hours, which doesn't justify such a high price."
,Recommended,232430,10914714,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,rickyva,For a game that takes a little less than 2 hours to complete it certainly had me guessing around literally every corner.  The final moments gave me real chills that hit in waves.  This game is full of rich human emotion and is not to be missed. Great Job.
,Recommended,232430,10915654,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,★Katrin♥Jaeger☆,"This game... It was so good! The overall feel of this game was creepy and surreal, but the ending hit me right in the feels!"
,Recommended,232430,10915953,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Diminished Ninth,"It was short. But frankly, I'm not sure if I could have handled any more. By the time I got to the attic door my hands were shaking and I thought, 'Am I really ready for this?'Every piece of this game feels real; like coming home from a long journey and trying to figure out how to fit everything back together, to pick up where you left off, and realizing that you just... can't. That nothing's where you left it, that it won't ever be the same, but somehow, that's okay.In the end, this was a game that I didn't really play; instead, I experienced it. I'm grateful for that experience, and because of that it's one I'll not soon forget."
76561197961228433,Recommended,232430,10916239,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Awkward Robot,"If you like games that are more ""interactive stories"" than games, you'll like this."
76561198018587390,Recommended,232430,3178115,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Reiynn,So well thought out and very well executed. A great game!
,Recommended,232430,10900380,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,PennyCosmic,"I have never cried or felt so much playing a game before. Movies, yes. Books, yes. But not a video game. Not an experience like this. Gone Home touches you deeply. It connects you with people you never see, yet you feel as if you are a part of their life, and they a part of yours. The story is deeply personal, and feels as if you have stepped into another person's life completely. No, it doesn't have action. Its an exploratory game that takes about 2 hours to complete, and the story comes through in some of the best narrative acting I have ever experienced, as well as written material. The atmosphere is a little creepy, but any huge old mansion house in the middle of a thunderstorm would be. Its a beautiful, beautiful game."
76561197998201137,Recommended,232430,10900508,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,StevieBBall,"A compelling adventure that pulls you into a unique story. Although it's short, it pulls your emotions and expectations all over the place in just the right amount."
76561198055605435,Recommended,232430,10900976,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,tcboi360,"Very good game, loads to explore around the house and a frightening atmosphere"
76561197996819154,Recommended,232430,10900983,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lord Assmore,This is a Beautiful game without astonishing graphics or revolutionary game mechanics it simply takes your hand and step by step it tells you a greatly written story.It's really like reading a good book.Buy it now because it's worth 5$!!
,Recommended,232430,7509227,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Shb,"Not that bad. It's, dare i say it, cute?  Meh. Good idea, poor price decision. Just wait for a humble bundle version. Btw you can beat it in 20 seconds... So if you do buy it, try to savour it."
,Recommended,232430,7474808,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,JacenSolo,Don't miss this beautiful experince. It's one of the most emotional ride in gaming i've ever had!
76561198059513228,Recommended,232430,10929978,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,YOU MUST PLAY SEGA SATURN,"Honestly, this is a really neat little game, but the $20 regular price tag (as of 6/28/14) seems very high. The game is short and theres not whole lot to it , but its story and over all mystery makes it a very cool and unqine exprence. But on the other hand, it doesn't take much playing to understand why this game did so well with the critics: Its unique and it takes place in the 90's, a typical game critics dream. They also most likely didn't have to pay 20 bucks for it, which I'm sure many readers/viewers did after reading/viewing there review. So the bottom line is, if you can get this game for $5 or less, I would say go for it! Its a  cool little game with nice little story. But anything more than that and I would you are paying for more than you get."
,Recommended,232430,10930261,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ProMuppetSlayer,"Just finished exploring the house, such an amazingly told story. 10/10"
,Recommended,232430,10930642,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Starberry Uniki,"I really enjoyed this game. Decent graphic, great voice acting, beautifully structured setting with a lot of small details, spooky atmosphere, awesome narrative and a great soundtrack. Please be aware this is a game about observation and interpretation, You explore a house and put a narrative together from the objects you find. For me, there was something intensely nostalgic and touching about the whole experience. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,232430,8402018,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,thewwe4,"Gone Home is a great game for people that loves exploration and a very well done novel. The game is very embracing and interesting towards the story, whether is about little annotations or pages of books found inside the house. Gone Home can be a very good game if you enjoy reading novels or stories in general. The gameplay itself there isn't much about it other than collecting and observing, which makes the story of the game more relevant and interesting. No combat, no levels, no enemies, but one great game for a great story."
76561198009659902,Recommended,232430,8402531,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,RimiR,"I thoroughly enjoyed Gone Home because it's a unique, story-driven game. I'll be the first to admit it's not for everyone. The action lies in the story to be uncovered - there are no enemies, no heroes, no cutscenes, no (physical) characters. There is just you and a giant house to explore with clues to help you discover what happened to your family. You'll learn about the lives of each member of your family through hand-written notes, letters, Sam's journal, and the items scattered throughout the house. My biggest complaint is that I wish the game was longer! It's incredibly short even when you take the time to look at every minute detail, but it's worth playing if this sounds like it might be down your alley."
,Recommended,232430,8335733,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Swampsith,"I went home not knowing what to expect, at all, I just read reviews online (not steam reviews) and heard it was up for GOTY so thought i'd give it a go in the steam sale. I just knew it was a 1st person exploration game in a house.It throws a lot of things at you, the game really plays with your expectations, which could be frustrating to some players I guess, I mean, there are a lot of things available to explore, you're not sure what to make of the situation. But quickly it becomes apparent this is a very personal story about the members of the household, and it was to me anyway very touching. I may not be anything like the caracters at all, but that doesn't stop from relating to them and wanting to know all the details, the fact it is set in the mid 90s probably helped too. The sound design is fantastic, both the voicework and the noises in the house create a totally believable world.It's a short experience (barely 2 hours), but the fact this story is told through a game enhances it. Sure, you could write the story in a couple of lines if you want, but here you find all the pieces of the puzzle yourself, you really feel for the characters as you walk through the house and go through their stuff. So if you're open to a different sort of game, go on ahead. I can understand that the full price tag is probably not worth it for a lot of people because of all this, but on a 66% or higher discout, you can't go wrong. So go ahead, it's an important game that deserves some recognition for daring something different and telling a story you don't usually see in this media. It may be short, but it left a real lasting impression, one i'll remember more than most games I can think of."
76561198022691995,Recommended,232430,8404084,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Pacifista,"Despite having no action, conflict, or even visible characters, Gone Home manages to be one of the most enjoyable and emotional gaming experiences I've had in 2013. Narrative wins out in a big way."
,Recommended,232430,8338364,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,The Snuggler,Storytelling game of the year. Absolutely amazing. I had my doubts when I bought it but they were blown away.
,Recommended,232430,8336351,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,finna bouta,"This game...is beyond expectation. Wonderful storyline, amazing graphics.. I counln't ask for more. Get this game!"
,Recommended,232430,8339547,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Gigantour,This game has the most heart wrenching story I've ever seen. Absolutely beautiful and worth every penny.
76561198008194801,Recommended,232430,8339579,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,The Dayman,"Such a good game! Haven't played an engrossing story driven game such as this, in a very a long time."
,Recommended,232430,8339863,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,jon_k,"One of the most innovative games I've played in ages. Gameplay and story aside, it does a better capturing being a teen in the 90s than any show ever has."
,Recommended,232430,8339967,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,danielrockstreet,great game and a must buy for  indie and story lovers! a game like none alike with its special way of story telling as the mistery unsolves. including the main story u can read about some side stories and i cant elaborate much more without spoiling. great game although for a 2 and a half hour game it has a too expensive price tag and thats why i recommend buying it on sale like i did for 6 bucks
76561198039025448,Recommended,232430,8340061,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Jartimus,"I dropped my boys off at daycare this morning and then sat down to play, and 3.5 hrs later I'm writing this.Quite a nice game. Gave me goosebumps in a few places. I can't see myself playing through it again, however, I'm very glad to have experienced it.Well worth whatever sale price I paid for it."
,Recommended,232430,8340121,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ctrl alt del u,This is such a beatiful game. I was close to tears while playing it and im a guy.Bonus: The Music kicks butt !
,Recommended,232430,8341069,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Donde Sr.,Beautiful. Compelling story that isn't often told in the video game medium. This is really more of an interactive storytelling experience than a video game.I definitely enjoyed it.
,Recommended,232430,8341700,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ROGA,"An experience worth having, however relatively brief it may be. A refreshing example of how games can be engaging, interesting and thought-provoking without one iota of simulated violence or murder. The Fullbright Company has a story to tell and they do so wonderfully through a painstakingly well-realized circa 1995 home."
76561198113944811,Recommended,232430,8342176,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Don't Feed the Gaben,"Put it this way, I'm really glad I got this in the sale, because otherwise I'd have paid too much for a too short game.  However if you're into overspending (Steam Sale all the way) and have two to three hours that you couldn't spend doing something more productive, there's nothing better than arriving at your house to find nobody home and trying to work out the mystery yourself.  Imagine Scooby Doo but without any of the colourful characters or talking animals, that's pretty much what you'll get.  So by all means go ahead and buy this game, it's a good look back at how things were in the 1990's, but for goodness sake buy it during a sale."
76561198096312337,Recommended,232430,8342469,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,tongue_tied_up,"This really pulled on some heart strings for me. Really beautiful storyline, design, narration, everything (though I am the kind of gamer that likes to explore and analyse the tiniest detail). If challenging/A-achieves-B/action/fast-moving regular games are what you're expecting, then turn around now, because I'd say this should be treated more like a work of art. Having said that, I think the narrative moves at just the right pace to keep you hanging on every word, but not so fast you feel like you're being rushed. This work focuses on the tiny details, and what they can tell you about a person. Both moving and beautiful, I wish there were more games like this."
,Recommended,232430,8343156,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,dragonh4t,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ That game was amazing. A little too short, but I still loved it!I seriously recommend getting it to anyone."
,Recommended,232430,7832042,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Unspoken Lies,"Wow, I just uhhh... wow. Not since Dear Esther has a short, simple, but deep and emotional game grabbed me. Arriving home to empty house and tying together not only pieces of the families past, but also where they are, really moving stuff. Very rich story shown through interacting with items, with superb voice work. The base price is $20 which is very steep for this game, I paid $5 during a sale and would have paid upto $10 without feeling cheated. It's short, sweet, touching, the cynic in me wanted to hate this game, but it definitely won me over."
76561197970533333,Recommended,232430,7832742,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,timelord0,Excellent adventure exploration game.  A great story bundled with great graphics.  It's like reading a good book.  Highly recommend!
76561198063302805,Recommended,232430,7833047,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Mattamint,"A great example of how less is more, as the story unfolded I found myself wanting to progress to confirm or deny my suspicions about the protagonists sister. I was not disappointed. Brilliant game."
,Recommended,232430,7833334,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,techno_destructo,"A wonderful and touching experience. No matter who you are, you will find a piece of this story which resonates with your life. Elegantly paced and executed. Spend a few hours with this game, movie, story, book, or world. Whatever you call it, just sit back and enjoy. I know I did."
76561198011671983,Recommended,232430,7833482,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,OkayLux,"This is a fantastic experience that is different from a more conventional approach to modern video games.  The story is not entirely new or profound, but the delivery is still strong and I recommend it to anyone who has a couple of hours to sit through this."
,Recommended,232430,7890843,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Samitchdoo,"This is a good story and very short, roughly around 90 minutes. I enjoyed it quite a bit. Definitely worth your time and money."
76561198103182041,Recommended,232430,7278056,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,misadventures,Sooooooo good.
,Recommended,232430,4402249,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,NeoNevus,"Its impossible to review this fully without spoiling the story. It's compelling to the point that i have never experienced anything like it. It's like a walk through the life of someone dear to you but you are looking for the pieces and putting it together. It's enviromental storytelling done to peak perfection. Please, experience this game for yourselves, it's beautiful."
,Recommended,232430,7454217,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,RainyKnight,I'd give this game an 8/10 I'd say. The level design is superb and the narrative is top notch. The environment got creepy at times but I trusted the game not to scare me and it held true! Keep in mind there isn't any combat or even any npcs in the game. Think of it like Dear Esther but inside a house and you pcik stuff up and actually work your way through the house unlocking doors and such. Great game in my opinion. The only flaw it has is that the story isn't too outragious and you can beat the whole thing in like an hour and a half. I recommend buying it if it's under $10.
,Recommended,232430,7841166,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Spoon,Short game but really good. 9/10
,Recommended,232430,7841707,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Upryse,♥♥♥♥in' brilliant.
,Recommended,232430,7842549,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,XavAleX,Just opening a new perspective on interactive storytelling. Just mind-blowing.
,Recommended,232430,7842570,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,CreeD,"In the vein of others like Dear Esther 'Gone Home' is more an interactive evolving story than a game. There is no objective other than uncovering more of the background story, which will likely only take you a couple of hours. So it's success, much like a movie, really depends on how much the story itself grabs you. Whether it can draw you in or not really defines the love/hate relationship gamers tend to have with this genre. For me it did and I really enjoyed my time spent in the house. It's not quite as engaging imho as Dear Esther but then the disparate topics will resonate quite differently with each person. Still the subdued but excellent soundtrack, quality voice acting and 'honest' way in which the story is told all add up to a great emotive experience."
,Recommended,232430,7316529,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,CrossroadsMan,"It only takes an hour or so to finish, but it's an hour well-spent."
,Recommended,232430,7470673,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Remsyk,"Short and sweet! This game had me sucked in from start to finish. The narration was perfect, just the right amount of nostalgia, and a great ending. Worth it."
76561198041272383,Recommended,232430,4735492,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Silathand,"If gothic horror is the externalization of our own fears, frustrations and guilt into sinister revenants, Gone Home is reverse-engineering the genre to reveal the human heart through the conventions of the gothic horror game.Imagine exploring the location of The Shining, but instead of a disturbing, repetitive rant about what makes Jack a dull boy you find a half-finished review for a CD player in the typewriter. Instead of 'REDRUM' written on the walls you read all matter of personal correspondence -- postcards, hastily scribbled notes addressed to friends and family, business letters. The subject matter of the game is decidedly mundane, but clad in the raiment of foreboding gothic suspense, it's a reminder that the real skeletons in our closet are the things we hide from our loved ones.I hesitate to call Gone Home a 'game', as it is only slightly less removed from any actual gameplay than Dear Esther, with which it shares much in terms of story-telling technique. Unlike the impressionistic Dear Esther, the picture Gone Home paints in its ~90 minutes of play time is a very clear one, one that is refreshingly heart-felt, but the gratifying experience of its gradual unfolding is a one-time deal with little replay value. Given that, I have a hard time recommending it at its current price point of 18 euros to anyone but the most interested (or those to whom money is of little concern)."
,Recommended,232430,39392,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Cybexx,"Gone Home is a piece of interactive fiction. You travel in a mostly nonlinear fashion through the house finding bits of paper, photos, books, cassette tapes and whatnot that allow you to construct an understaning of the inhabitants who lived in this now empty house.The house is very detailed and you can interact with almost everything you expect to interact with. The atmosphere is great and the story told is worth experiencing."
,Recommended,232430,2501589,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,afinati,"Gone Home has the best voice acting that I've ever heard and the setting and delivery are definitely extraordinary. There is an impressive balance of exploration and revelation with the freedom to roam that compliments the home's realistic and affecting inhabitants and their carefully revealed backstores. By the end of this super short quest-less, puzzle-less interactive story, I felt that I had just played something new. Never seen anything like it, and it was totally worth it. Hope Fullbright makes another appearance, I really do."
,Recommended,232430,7874200,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,TerminusEst,Wonderfully written interactive story.  Highly recommend to anyone who enjoys games for their stories.
76561198005702435,Recommended,232430,7910701,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,cash money,"Absolutely adore this game - fantastically written, beautiful atmosphere and terribly gorgeous."
,Recommended,232430,11974659,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,aPerfectPlayer,"Looking for something different? This one isn't the usual ""shoot-bang"". This game tells a nice interactive story. While is isn't for everyone, I highly recommend it."
76561197985505840,Recommended,232430,11964360,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,em,Great game.
,Recommended,232430,11968346,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Dolenwen,"More people should have to play this game.Do buy it on sale though. Last I checked they wanted $20 for this and... look, I really do like it an awful lot, but it's a $12-$15 worth of experience sort of game."
76561198226037808,Recommended,232430,18828657,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Evangeline Hamilton,"I just played gone home for the first time ever and it was a beautiful and moving experience. I loved the main story but also the pop culture: the cassettes, posters etc. I also liked how full of suspense it was. I would definitely recommend this game to anybody :~)"
,Not Recommended,232430,18828949,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,fornitsumfornis,"Pros:  The game is really well done.  The graphics are on par for what you pay for.  The storyline is compelling.Cons:  The game is kind of weird if you are a guy (I suppose this can't be helped, but playing a teenage girl is...strange).  The game is VERY short, in fact I beat it in a little over 1.5 hours.  Given that I paid $20, well that's around $13/hour, not a good rate if you ask me.  I just wish the game could have lasted longer."
,Not Recommended,232430,18829394,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Benfth,"A dull melodrama disguised as a mystery. Starts off intruiging, but you soon find that there is little of interest to be revealed beyond run of the mill suburban family drama. Execution is good, but it wouldn't matter if this was  a book, a TV show, or a movie; the story just doesn't deliver much excitement or intrigue. Maybe that's not the point, but regardless, despite the good start, I found this disappointing. And short as hell."
,Recommended,232430,18858066,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Rainyadley,"It is an interactive story with game elements so I can see why people are less happy when they expect more of a game with storyline. The story is really wonderful, though. It's intriguing and you want to find the next piece every time you get to a new room.I did avoid playing it for awhile since the vibe was very creepy. It felt like a horror puzzler and that is not my cuppa. But that is the feeling of being in an old house with strange history and being alone. This is not a horror game so it is safe to play for sensitive folk and you should! The theme builds a very real tension and there were a couple of spots where I stopped playing because I was worried about what I would find next in the story...but I did keep coming back and it was worth it.Even though it is a story game, there are extra backstory bits to uncover if you really look through everything. That being said, it was still quite short. I wish there was a bit more content, especially for the list price. I have just under 2 hours total game time and that's with being slow since it was spooky at parts. I did get most of the optional story elements (there are only a couple things I will go back for) so it seems a bit pricey for the content."
,Recommended,232430,18860909,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Crescybun,An exciting experience even though gameplay is really shallow and the story isn't nearly as interesting as its fragmented narrative. The atmosphere however is strong. It's a short game and probably not worth the full price but other than that the short length isn't a problem at all and there is also a lot of replayability if you want to actually know the story.
76561198088117813,Recommended,232430,18808584,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,philosophear,"Although the price is usually pretty steep for such a short game, literally like an hour to an hour and a half, it isn't a bad purchase when it is on sale.The story is told through clues and journal entries as you explore your house for signs of life. It has plenty of Nostalgia for kids of the 90's and is anough for a short and beautiful story. It is one of those games that you either love or hate, but I picked it up on sale and wasn't dissappointed."
,Recommended,232430,18827035,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,BookerDeWitt987,"This game is not for everyone for sure. However, It does have an interesting narrative that is told through journals that you pick up while exploring your home. Short and sweet love story."
,Recommended,232430,18814310,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,silent_squirrel,"Absolutely fantastic. The less you know about it going in the better - so if your reading these reviews, you may already be doing yourself a disservice.Started the game very much on edge, and it certainly takes...a very different turn. The attention to detail is incredible - for example, I picked up a cereal box, and someone had attempted the puzzle on the back, but hadn't completed it in the way the the solution on another side of the box suggested - a bizarre, but very real attention to detail, that you'll find throughout. I'd suggest that you'll need to be happy to take your time with this game - examine everything, study the details, piece every element of the story together yourself (and I don't just mean the main storyline - there are several other threads).Definitely not a game for everyone - its very much an immersive story, even more than it is really a 'game', so be prepared for that.I suppose the only criticism from me, which is the reason for other criticism, is that trailer's etc might be misleading, and i'm sure many people have been drawn in expecting one thing and finding something completely different.HOWEVER, I think it would be difficult to have done it another way - and part of the reason I had such a great time with this was that I had no idea what was coming. Looking back, it's hilarious that I spent the first half of the game so on edge...but it's all part of the immersion!Beautiful writing, gripping atmosphere, a very short game that has had a lot of care and attention paid to it - so take time with it yourself!"
76561198075266398,Recommended,232430,18393654,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Chaka,"i got this game when it was free a long time a go, never actually wanted to play it. I am so happy i did, its a nice story, dont expect any type of action or any jump scares because this is not that. Its all about the story and the story is good. one thing tho,NOT WORTH $20 like i said i got this game for free when steam was just giving it away."
76561198206216661,Not Recommended,232430,18383619,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,devancorcoran,"This game seemed intruiging, and the plot could have been interesting.  But it is just a lazy museum tour of a game and a waste of $20."
76561197963344069,Not Recommended,232430,146378,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Devi Dee,"I actually liked it, it was an interesting and engaging way to tell a story. Loved the bits with the ghost. However, the developers relationships with current gaming journalism seems dishonest. I do not recommend this game."
,Recommended,232430,10740774,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,AccelaSeven Twitch,"This was an excellent short game to really be enjoyed.I bought it during the Steam Summer Sale and it has been some of the best $3 I've spent.The game involves you playing as a girl, returning home after a year abroad, only to find the house empty.  The story that unfolds as you explore the house is one that is full of confusion, curiosity, pain, joy, sadness...  all the various emotions.  I played the entire thing through in one sit down, in just under 2 hours.  Best decision of my night, for sure.I know there are a lot of negative reviews.  No, this is not a first person shooter.  No, you will not build up your character.  No, you are not in any danger.  Yes, $20 is too much to pay for this game (no replay value).  But if this pops up on sale and you get it for $5 or less, pick it up.  It is excellent.My only critique would be to release a version of the game with the SOUNDTRACK!  That I'd pay an extra $5 for, for sure.Edit: Someone up there listened and now you can get the sountrack too!"
,Recommended,232430,18465850,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Wolf Fivousix,"Score: 8/10The game is very simple, you move around and try to find the clues about what is going on. It is a game focused on story telling rather than action. Nowadays most games require dexterity with 10 fingers and constant focus on multiple screen areas, but for Gone Home you can just sit back and relax while playing, like the old days. A very welcoming title for people not into complex games."
,Not Recommended,232430,18464256,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Eck,"Gone Home is a well-done casual game that offers a fairly different experience.  As others have mentioned, it isn't a traditional game but more of a story that you unfold by exploring your parents' house.  Though predictable, the story is decent but the ending is a little ""meh"".  The biggest problem is the length.  I finished it in 1.5 hours and didn't rush through it by any means.  Maybe if it were longer and had a bit deeper story with a twist or two, it might be worth the money."
76561198170154147,Recommended,232430,16800287,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,SageOfEden,"This game is like a interactive story book. Wich is a good thing, it has a great story and it tells it well. You basicaly can go anywhere in the house nothing is off limits inside the house. You can pick things up and even find secrets. But the price of this game is pretty high. So you can decide if its worth it or not or just wait for a sale. Just this game its very immersive you feel like you actually are somewhat apart of the story thats being told. Because you are a character that is acociated with the person telling the story. And this game has funny times to if you find some secret and not so secret things. This is a nice game that makes you like the characters  being portraied. Its a great interactive story book.the music is not that nice though with the screaming in your ears but some songs are half decent"
,Recommended,232430,18404232,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Darksilverhawk,"A solid experience, if not without its flaws. It's basically a point and click adventure game- lighter on the ""game,"" heavy on the stories the genre is so good at delivering. The game plays a bit of a bait-and-switch, but it has a motive and a purpose behind the switch. If you're not big on main story-directed experiences, give this one a pass.And the story is solid and well built, even if a bit morally peculiar at times. The story is largely enviromental, with only 20 or so short voiceovers to provide direct narrative. It's up to the player to pick through the house, putting together the story of what has happened over the last year and figure out where her family has gone. It can fall a bit into the cliche but there's a certain charm to that, and it doesn't use its cliches without being very aware of them.It does have a few notable problems, as it seems to have taken the best AND worst elements of a point and click and made a game out of it. Developers, just because I as a human being can physically pick up every object in my house does not mean I as a player actually want to pick of every box of tissues in the house. This wouldn't be so bad if some of the narrative elements weren't bordering on modern pixel hunts at times, looking through piles of paper textures with the hope that you won't miss one important story element.The pacing is also strange. There's clearly an intended order you're supposed to go through the house in, but the first half is incredibly wide open (and, again, the puzzle to unlocking the second half is a paper hunt tucked away in an easily missed back room) and the second half a little more directed. I would have preferred it the other way around; a fairly linear walk through the beginning of the story with a wider path with several branches of exploration opening up after I've found the big plot point. That's a bit nitpicky, though.It's good though, and the parts that make it so good are the parts that are hard to discuss without spoiling it. Not worth full price, this is definitely a sale game, but for $5-$10 it's worth picking up if you're interested in interactive and enviromental storytelling."
76561197974287334,Recommended,232430,18405725,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,dhasenan,Short and moving. Well worth it.
,Recommended,232430,18405747,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,プデン【PUDEN】,"If you like environmental story telling with an unusual narrative then this is for you.Gone Home's got good production values and is well written.It's well paced and a lot of the ideas are tastefully handled.It also fufills my fetish for fondling other people's things.If you play the game for free it's an eight out of ten.However, the game is currently running for $20.00 which is pretty excessive for the amount of content.I got this on sale and the emotional pay-off was definitely worth it for the fiver I spent on it."
,Recommended,232430,18394051,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Oddysee,"First off, I know that a lot of the people that have played this feel like the story is cliche and lacks substance and the gameplay is bad in some ways, and that's totally cool, they obviously had a very different reaction to this game than I did, and that's totally fine.So, just know that this is my personal feelings about how this game affected me, and obviously Gone Home is a very polarizing game so go read some reviews from both sides of the board so you can make an informed decision and not waste your money on something you won't like.Anyways, here's my honest opinion:This game was an emotional rollercoaster.I'd go as far as to say this game is the most emotion-inducing game I've ever played.This is the only game that's made me giddy, sad, then mad, then really sad, and then by the end just an emotional ♥♥♥♥ing trianwreck balling his eyes out.Actually weeping, that's what this game was for me. Just... emotional.This is the most meaningful experience I've had in a game in a long time and it's 100% the best (pretty much entirely) story-driven game I've ever played.It's set in 1996 but everything is so god damn relevant, and the references to mid-90s stuff are so perfect.This is a very unique and meaningful and important game.9/10"
76561197992557240,Recommended,232430,18418689,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Tuuba-A,"I kind of get it why this game received some negativity from a lot of people, but on the same time I understand the appeal. Gone Home is admittedly a short experience, but it manages to stir some emotions if you are willing to accept its flaws and dive in. I'm the kind of person who gets easily immersed in games, so this worked for me quite well. Attention to detail is pretty good, and you can't help but wonder how sandbox/open world games would feel if every building and location had this level of interactable items and surfaces. Short? Limited? Sure. Empty? Most certainly not."
76561198048827467,Not Recommended,232430,18438529,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Roast Goose,Lesbians.10/10 Rock hard♥♥♥♥♥
76561198048684849,Recommended,232430,18390274,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,AmyKasio,"This is cute and short. I enjoyed the riot grrrl references. Not so much a game, but more of a peek into someone else's life. I'd grab it on an under $5 sale."
,Recommended,232430,18429593,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Krillsey,"This is not a horror game!!Now that's out of the way, it is a very nice game of discovery.Travel through a house and uncover the stories of the family who inhabits it, learning thieir troubles, loves and griefs by exploring the rooms and objects around.It's not for everyone, but for those who do get drawn into curiosity will enjoy this."
,Recommended,232430,8239766,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Splossi,"This game is absolutely beautiful. Even though the movement was super choppy on my junky computer (the graphics are too good for it!), the story was so interesting that I didn't even care. I just sat down and finished it in one sitting. I'll probably play it again and again. Thank you to the wonderful human beings who brought this game into existence."
,Recommended,232430,8242366,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Diabl0,"Amazing game, perfect finish to an awesome story. Would recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,232430,8206881,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Sprawlie (LordVic),"This game has made many top 10 lists for 2013. I had to know why. I Had to buy this game.I am and will never consider myself dissapointed.The game play is simple. Ridiculously simple. But it lends to the immersion. to the reality of the story. What more controls do you need for normal life other than walking around and reading. its incredibly immersive.The Atmosphere of this game is unreal. The writers know just how to play with your emotions. you feel this story. Right in the gut.I whole heartedly recommend this game. Its a little small and short, but when this game is on sale. Buyit. Play it. And think about it. Think about it well."
,Recommended,232430,7453313,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Mattrocity,"Eerie, but real. Beautiful and suspenseful in its own haunting way."
,Recommended,232430,8196879,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mort0313,"Great mistery point and click game. A lot of nostalgic easter eggs. Preatty good grunge music and mix tape selection. I just thought they could have worked a little more on the uncle mistery, but all in all great story."
,Recommended,232430,8210195,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,WeAreARobot,"Definitely would reccomend this game, under a few circumstances. First, don't go in with any pre-concieved notions of what it is. And second, treat it like you would a movie, set aside two hours of game time, and play it all in one sitting. I don't feel it would have the same impact if you spread it out over a few sessions. Great game. Very original, and, as someone who went in knowing nothing more than the name and basic premise of it, very surprising."
,Recommended,232430,8254820,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,GypsyRoSes,wow! that was an experience
,Recommended,232430,3702553,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Wren,"Okay, while not for everyone... I loved this game! Immersive, highly detailed, deeply fascinating, and more than a little bit creepy, there was no way I could take a break in-game because I just had to see everything, find everything; understand everything. Highly recommended if you are into character-centric world-building -- and being emotionally brow-beaten by fictional characters you only know scraps about."
76561198040556819,Recommended,232430,8226467,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,schmecky,"My wife and I played through this game together and really enjoyed it. I would have loved it to be a little longer, but even so, it was still an excellent experience."
76561197972409186,Recommended,232430,22640333,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Sternn,"While I enjoyed the atmosphere of the game, the character expose and discovery, it felt like there was more my character should do before the credits rolled. A wonderful story, great voice talent and solid environment.*Bottom line: It felt like the story wasn't over to my character, or me as the player. I do recommend those whom like 'walking simulators' (as termed) to spend a few dollars to experience this title as I am and did; but nothing near the $20 price."
,Not Recommended,232430,22640516,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Jazzy Lemons,"There was no toilet I could poop in, bad house, or if there was one I dont remember it, so bad toilet, and therefor bad house.  0/10 needs toilets and poop.  That is why I play games. To covermyself in poop."
,Recommended,232430,7390924,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,MadamPrezident,"A great journey. You should buy it if you are someone that enjoys a good, heartfelt story."
,Not Recommended,232430,8308457,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,TheDoc,"Gone home is an interesting experiment in story telling. It achieves it's goal of putting you in the shoes of a character and showing you the world through a different perspective. The environment is interesting, and there are lots of cool 90's easter eggs which brought back a touch of nostalgia from my childhood.I wish there was a middle ground review, somewhere between yes and no. While I appreciate what the game is, it's hard to recommend spending 20$ on this game. For starters the game is only 2 hours long. The graphics are not especially impressive. There really isn't much gameplay other than run around environment, click on audio log, repeat. I think the game is massively overrated, mainly because of the subject matter it deals with."
,Recommended,232430,1303600,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Bana Al-Abed,why did i buy this game
,Recommended,232430,548321,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,JoinedSenses,"Another trending exploration game. Interactive, great scenery, good story. Very short  gameplay."
76561197995367812,Recommended,232430,24381474,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Dizmog,Dear Esther: liked itFirewatch: hated itGone Home: loved it
,Recommended,232430,7500246,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Folly Corp,Solid Story. Creative telling. a bit short
76561198029684842,Recommended,232430,24324870,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Eliodoloro,"This isn't my type of game, but it was time well spent. I even taught an English language writing course based on the game. Give it a try if you can catch it on sale. A classic ""explore the house to learn the story"" game."
,Recommended,232430,24316980,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,ZMo09,"Played the game, totally expected it to bemore of a horror game when I started.I may not life all of the elements of the story, but that doesn't make it any less of a good game overall. I was immediately immersed into the environment, with the burning question, What happened Here? I'd recommend getting it on a sale, and of course get the soundtrack. Chris Remo is a genius!"
,Recommended,232430,24449991,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,KajaArielle,"I went in thinking this was a horror game. That was the vibes I got all the time in the start. Everytime I opened a door I was waiting for a jumpscare. After a while of going around I realised it was not... it was in fact a very relaxing game that gives you a whole story and a nice experience. One of the most touching and interesting stories I've experienced in a game ever. Very much recommended. You have to go around and put pieces together to make sense of the stories. Some things aren't as important as others, but they add on to make the story even more real."
76561198039536689,Recommended,232430,24685728,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,The Jackal,"Gone Home is absolutely thought provoking. It is a beautifully designed game and the atmosphere tops it all off. The mansion you wonder around in has secret rooms, endless amounts of notes for you to uncover that tell a sad but wonderful story. Even though this game revolves around rich story and exploration you will feel an uneasy vibe throughout the game and at times fear. If you love games with a rich story, youll love this. 8/10"
,Recommended,232430,24742025,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Cole,I really liked this game. It tells a few different stories in an interesting and entertaining way.
76561198081315079,Recommended,232430,24734675,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,ariesdragon1976,great story
,Recommended,232430,24732529,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Fredashay,"Gone Home is a fairly straightforward exploration game.  You're basically on a scavanger hunt in an old mansion to find clues why the family home is deserted after returning from a trip overseas.  The game requires a keen eye and meticulous searching to find each clue to find the doohickey that will unlock the cabinet so you can find the combination to the safe to find the key to open the door, and so on and so on.In the end, the story is somewhat sad, two lovers separated by closed-minded parents (the lovers are ♥♥♥), one of which has left home to find the other, while the parents just happen to be away from home at the time on some mundane errand.  No ghosts, no monsters, no grizzly murders.  I found the story to be sad, yet all very mundane and the kind of hardship and injustice that many people from all walks of life--men and women, ♥♥♥ and straight, white and black--face every day.The game deserves more recognition that it's getting.  Unortunately, the publisher, Fullbright, pulled the game from PAX (a trade show or Indie game developers) because they didn't agree with the PAX organizers' political views--the PAX people don't cowtow to political correctness or feminist dogma, which I applaud them for.  So I think that's a stupid reason for pulling a game--at the very least, Fullbright should recognize the importance of freedom of speech.But as for the game, I recommend it.  As long as the ♥♥♥ theme doesn't upset you, the game is basically a benign puzzle game with a sad ending."
,Recommended,232430,24744552,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,luca,"More than a game, which obviously Gone Home is, this title is an experience. You completely dive into the story and vecome one with what is around you. The house becomes slowly your house; the story reveals pieces of a puzzle that is addicting. Played offline, it doesn't take long, it's a nice alternative of a movie on a work night. Use headphones, play in dimmed light."
76561197970498241,Recommended,232430,24643286,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,hipp5,"My positive recommendation is based on the sale price of $4.39 CDN. If I had paid $21.99 I would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Why? Because this game is SHORT. As in 2 hours.That being said, for the price I paid it was great! Very atmospheric, good audio, engaging story. Not what I expected, but that was part of the charm.TLDR: Buy it on sale, DO NOT pay full price."
76561198108812470,Recommended,232430,24641536,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Mr. Meeseeks,Luf dis game
76561198067075863,Recommended,232430,24650891,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Shamble.Bum,"very nice game, short, good story and exquisite way of telling it,not shure if it's worth the full price but a good game none the less.very enjoyable, entertaining and lovely all around."
76561198290854264,Recommended,232430,24647066,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,panicforthedisco,"This was such a nice game and so satisfying to wrap up the story as you hunt for clues and find out more about this family.Personally what i found cool is after awhile i became invested in the story and i felt like i knew the characters.But this game is certanly not for everyone, it isnt very long or super difficult, Although I would recommend this game to people who like escape the room type games and love a nice plot to follow. Overall i thought it was a great game."
76561198092587756,Recommended,232430,24487125,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,RollWave,"Game was about 5-6 hours long.  Maybe not worth paying full price, buf if you can pick this game up on sale, it really does tell an interesting story.  A few red herrings along the way, but that's to be expected.This falls into the walking simulator category.  You just walk around and click on things and the story is presented to you.  There are very few times when you can get hung up, but if you explore everywhere and can't find a key or combination, just google it and you'll be on your way in a few minutes.I would not really consider this to be a puzzle or adventure game even.  The whole game takes place in a house and all you do is explore the house to uncover what happened.The story does have a few holes in it that become more obvious after the reveal, but nothing that would discourage my recommendation."
76561197970755187,Recommended,232430,24502673,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,MGarceau,"A nice mystery game. The story unpacks the errant disillusioned biases some people, unfortunately, still carry with them."
,Recommended,232430,24467346,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,alcasid,i got stuck
76561198028038962,Recommended,232430,24004467,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,DefinitelyNotYakra,"*Warning: Contains Spoilers*doot dee dooSo, I bought this game mainly to see what all the fuss had been about, a few years ago, when it seemed like half the gaming world hated it with a visceral passion.  When they hated it, and games like it, enough to start a shambling, deformed movement in protest.  I expected to find something at least modestly objectionable, because even though I disagreed with the people making those complaints on principle, on some level I thought that that many people couldn't be entirely wrong.They were.Where they complained that this wasn't really a game, and that it didn't deserve the praise it had received, I found an experience which constantly played with my expectations.  The setting, a dark, old, and empty house, with a mysterious and somewhat sinister past, in a thunderstorm, with a missing sister to find?  My mind said be be ready for jump scares, or some type of horror, and yet, aside from the general darkness, there was nothing overtly threatening to be found.  I continually expected to find that something terrible had occurred, that a weird old acquaintance, or perhaps a ghostly relative, would spring out, and that I'd suddenly be in Amnesia.  In other words, I expected this game to take the easy way out.  I was wrong, but I'm glad that I was, because the game let me slowly piece the story together, not just from Sam's diary entries, but from various documents and items, and from the setting itself, allowing me to realize that I'd been wrong just in time to be wrong again about where this was all going.In the end, the story was nowhere near as complex as I was expecting, and I'm glad for that.  Not every story has to have you defeat the evil and save the world.  Sometimes, it's enough to just understand what another person is going through, and why they made the decisions they did.  I won't go into too much detail regarding the final reveal, as obviously I'd encourage you to play it yourself, if you decided not to heed the spoiler warning.  But I will say that I can relate, very strongly, to Sam's predicament, and the story she gradually reveals was touching in a way that most game plots can't even approach.  And as curious as I am about what happens afterwards, how, or even if, Katie explains what she's found to her parents, I'm glad it ended where it did.  A good story always leaves a few questions unanswered.In the end, Gone Home isn't a traditional game, by any means.  It is, essentially, an interactive story, and if that's not your cup of tea, then I'd suggest giving this one a pass.  But if you want to experience a really nice story, and see what tricks your expectations may play on you, then I wholeheartedly encourage you to play."
76561198046542197,Recommended,232430,10814965,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SpookyEzra,"I played this game once before but was distracted and didn't fully enjoy it, but the second time around...damn. This experience punched me in the chest and left me crying. It's beautiful. Expensive so get it on sale."
76561198026839956,Recommended,232430,24035985,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,hillbillard,"Awesome story that brought be back to being a teenager in the 80's and 90's. Great game for a rainy day, but you are not in the mood for your typical games. Short, story driven and brought tears to my eyes."
,Recommended,232430,24038241,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Soren1015,"No enemies, no scares, no combat, no twists, no cakes, no running, no... WAIT DON'T GO! I'M NOT FINISHED YET!!!Ok, basically what you get is a comfortable exploration game where you uncover the background story by exploring your way through a normal (though somewhat large and messy) home. It plays out more like an interactive story than anything else.The setting is your home and it was a dark and stormy night... but that's the extent of the tension (again no scares).Things you won't find in this game:-Enemies to defeat-Unusual puzzles scattered about to solve in order to progress through the home.-Ghosts-A button that says ""8"" when you push it.Things you WILL find:-90's references (does anyone else remember the Laserdisc or is it just me?)-A primary background story focusing on your little sister and two smaller stories for your parents.-Various rock music on various Cassette Tapes to play while rumaging through your family's belongings. (Note: Cassette Tapes are what 90's kids listened to music on before CDs rose to power in the mid 90's, they existed before CDs yet after 8-Tracks. You are forgiven for not knowing this if you were born outside the years 1990-99 as only 90's kids remember the 90's. In such a case just accept my statement as simple fact and you will be fine, and remember there is no shame in being born outside the 90's... not everyone can be cool.)-A realitically believable yet heartwarming tale of love and the hardships of growing up.Things to consider before buying.I very much recommend this game, however keep in mind it IS fairly short, I was able to get through it in just over 2 hours and though I enjoyed myself a bit I wouldn't pick it up at its full $20 price tag. That being said it IS good. So toss it on your wishlist and wait for it to go on sale. I myself grabbed it on the steam summer sale for 4 bucks and felt totally justified with that price.TLDR: Very good game. Solid Story. Realistic. Short length makes the game not worth full $20 price, easily worth it on sale though."
76561198075899273,Recommended,232430,24005521,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,kezman,"A great story and atmosphere, but at full price it's WAY too expensive. It takes a few hours to complete, and has little to no replay value. Buy it while it's on sale.8/10, Worth buying at $5 (75% off) at most"
76561198142933198,Recommended,232430,24066047,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TheYuriBarista,I had a great time playing this game. It was relaxing and I loved the story without spoiling anything. Don't play this game if you are expecting something dark and scary though; it's not that kind of game.
,Recommended,232430,24021639,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Joji Vlogs,"Great game, but not for full price."
76561198274438291,Recommended,232430,24070443,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,bartleby,"This seems like it'd be a horror game, but isn't. Nothing will jump out at you or chase you, so if that's what you're into, this isn't for you. Having said that, it's wonderfully atmospheric, immersive, well-crafted, and has a good story that unfolds as you play. I absolutely loved this game, and the comic touches and easter eggs are a nice addition. It handles well, the controls are great, the graphics are well done, and it's enjoyable to just explore between the story develoopments. I haven't played a huge number of Steam games, but this is by far my favorite."
76561197970057092,Recommended,232430,24069242,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TheCorpulent1,"To echo many other reviews: yes, it's short, so you should probably wait for a sale.  However, once you've got it, Gone Home is among the absolute best ways you could possibly spend 2 hours.  For a game where you essentially walk around and read, there are a surprising number of twists and heart-wrenching moments--a testament to the developers' ingenuity and storytelling skill."
76561198040970446,Recommended,232430,24117059,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Golmoza,"First of all: its a walking simulator. If thats not your thing, if you dont wanne take your time to read, listen, feel, explore, dont get it. Also: its short, if you want value for your money, buy it at a discount.The (main)story was not very surprising in itself, but I would not have expected to find it in a game. Recognised a lot from my time in the 90's; I think it would have been a great game for my teenage self back then. I was disappointed in the end only one storyline was finished, and others where left open. Really think they could have done more with them.Overall: the low price (<3 summersale), atmosphere and the story are good enough to give it the thumbs up. You decide for yourself if you like it or not."
,Recommended,232430,24093918,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Rabid Seamonkey,"Left every light on in the house, and closed the doors when done with the room, so to know where i had gone. Finds a note that says ""stop leaving every damn light on in the house"". Continues to leave every damn light on in the house.-Just finished the game last night, It taken me about 4 hours, i hear some finished it about 2 hours and some finished it about 1.5. When people buy games for $50, $10 isnt so bad for a 2 hour game. However it was refered to as a ""walking simulator"" so i wasnt sure what to expect, and i didnt want to over read the reviews which had already given away some minor plot parts that might have taken away from the suprise. Yes I do mean the comments that it was about lesbians, my favorite, ""Like bioshock but no combat, with lesbians"". I wouldnt really call that a spoiler though, and if it is its minor one.I'm rambling point is i decided to delay in purchasing till it was on sale but now that i played i have to say it was worth the full price of $10.At first it took me some time to get used to the slow speed, i was used to running through combat based games, and here i was walking, and it felt a little laggy at first but that might have been my imagination based on how much i wasnt used to it. It was very atmosphiric, did well to make you feel like you were in the home of someone in the 90s, and the story was told by things that you find in the house and journal entries, read with great voice over. If you find the objects that trigger the journal entries some of the story might be a little out of order but most of it is well together because parts of the house are locked off till you progress to a point. I had trouble progressing because i couldnt find a combination but i eventually found a clue.It was very much a mystery but not like a murder mystery, you are a girl getting home from college trying to find out the mystery of what has happened with her sister over the past year, or 2 was it? The music was great and had great punk music, or i thought was great but not everyone likes punk, if you dont want to listen to punk just dont put the cassette tapes in the tapeplayers through out the house."
,Recommended,232430,24119372,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,four thousand bees,"Bought this game for 88% off during the Steam sale, but having played it, I'd buy it again for full price. But note, I'm a person who bought The Beginner's Guide at full price and subsequently played it five times, so keep in mind that I love story-driven walking sims. If you don't like strictly exploration games, look elsewhere; if you're open to them or like them, read on!Really beautiful and detailed environment that immerses you in its time period. Equally immersive soundtrack that attaches interactivity by putting on records or inserting cassettes into players. Sweet main story and equally intruiging side stories that detail at the nuanced social contexts that hint to troubled family life and queer romance. Lots of tissue boxes, mugs, and writing utensils to waste your time picking up and inspecting for no goddamn reason, but you do it anyway because why the hell not.To get the most out of this game is to take your time with it. Look at everything, read everything, poke everything, and leave on all of the lights to subsidize Con Edison. Every little thing adds to the story. It reminds me of immersive theater where if only one person sees something on the set, it was worth including.A couple qualms I do have, though, are the following...The great uncle's storylineis picked up at a few places but then dropped entirely.Of course, it contributes to the fun of high schoolers joking about ghosts and the supernatural,but the allegations that denote the mansion as the ""Psycho House"" aren't ever explained.Expect a few plot holes. The story is good, but it drops the ball on a couple of the subplots it works hard to include.My other qualm is more about the queer romance aspect, but it's more nitpicky than anything.The relationship between Sam and Lonnie is so intimate and loving, but it's not a good thing to be teaching young queer couples.A senior in high school running off with a freshman on a romantic getaway when neither have a concrete plan nor a job in mind? Not good.We definitely shouldn't be teaching teenagers that giving up on their dreams and aspirations (Lonnie and the army, Sam and her creative writing at Reed College) for their high school sweethearts is a good thing.And the incidence of young queer people picking bad partners is high enough because they are often led to believe that whomever they love first is all they're gonna get.But this kinda narrative follows straight couples, too, so it's less of a Gone Home-specific complaint and more of a cliché-overuse complaint.Overall, I'd give Gone Home 9/10 for cute anarchist lesbians, attention to detail and an abundance of useless tissue boxes."
,Recommended,232430,24109728,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,spockitty,"This game was NOT what I expected. I thought it'd be a run-of-the-mill murder mystery and got very positively surprised.The atmosphere was a bit creepy, but the sound effects were on repeat, so after a while the effect had worn off. For me, though, it was near the end, so I didn't mind terribly.All in all, I loved the experience and the story. It was enaging and relatable, old shoe that I am."
76561198011241776,Recommended,232430,24111584,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,universe2000,"I reccomend playing this game with no prior knowlege of the game or expectations, so if you are deciding to play this game know that I reccomend it if you are ok with playing a short (2-3 hours) game diven by story elements and exploration. That's it. If that's you, then I reccomend playing it. If not, then I don't reccomend this game.If you have anything beyond a nebulous knowlege of the game, the studio that made it, and how it has been received then you should already know if this is the game for you or not. But if you are still looking for a random internet person tell you if you should or not then just take my advice and play the game."
76561198025287611,Recommended,232430,24111678,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Clover,"The atmosphere and story are great- there is a really unique feel throughout the game. Relatively short, so I can't say it's worth $20 though- if you pick it up on sale it's a good walking simulator."
,Recommended,232430,24122965,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,epifocol,"A beautiful storyline with very well written dialogue that leads the player on an intense journey about friendship, childhood and personal growth."
76561198090817349,Recommended,232430,24125456,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,TiberiusHunter,"Very good narrative, throughly enjoyed!"
76561198141049290,Recommended,232430,10708742,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Hitler on Acid,"If you're extremely faint-hearted (like I am), it might be a good idea to check the 'lights on' option at the start of the game, as you can't check it once you've started. Ultimately, the storm outside and the dark rooms gives the game a rather spooky feel, when in reality there is absolutely nothing scary about this game at all. Unraveling the story behind the empty house made this game enjoyable for me, however if you prefer games with more gameplay and less story, Gone Home is not for you."
,Recommended,232430,249154,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,foofly,"Gone Home is a first person exploration game that asks the player to explore the home of a family in turmoil. Set to the backdrop of post grunge era Oregon and the rise of Riot Grrl, feminist ideology and zine culture.A narrative is weaved through small pieces of exposition expressed through correspondence, diary entries and both visual and audio transcriptions, a very relatable story of a person finding who they are and how they perceive the world around them comes to light.I found this game to be insightful and honest. It's best to approach this game with an open mind and to take your time exploring, reading and understanding both the context and statement it's making. If you like your games to be cerebral this is highly recommended."
,Recommended,232430,10739397,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,leovinusX,Amazing
,Recommended,232430,10739749,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,robbiewar11,Good but the trailer doesn't reflect what the games about at all... Its kinda weird byt good I guess
76561197999987040,Recommended,232430,10739890,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,B00JIE,A fascinating game with a  unveiling story as you move through the house. I was fascinated at how the game was able to keep me focused throughout my venture through the house. I was able to complete it in about two hours of playtime and because of this I would not recommend purchasing this game at full price.
,Recommended,232430,10740617,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Amooshi,"The less you know about this adventure the better. It got a lot of praise when released and was compared to The Stanley Parable. Both similar gameplay wise, but their stories are vastly different. I'd advise not going into this game knowing much of the plot or tags. If you like seeing a story unfold like a mystery point and click adventure game, you'll probably enjoy this as long as you are an open minded individual."
,Recommended,232430,10740752,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,M. Krieger,"Short gameplay, but intense and fun. Very profound if you read the story and understand how events have chained together in the past. The short musical passages from the soundtrack are totally wonderful and emotional.In the end, the story is not sad, nor complex, but it's worth experiencing anyway. 3 hours of gameplay is not that much and it's totally worth your time."
,Recommended,232430,10740836,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,humdum1994,I loved this game it was fantastic! it's a remarkable first person adventure that tells one of the best stories I have ever experienced in a game! At times i thought it might turn into a horror game but it didn't. The details of the game are terrific and I ended up reading every little thing in the house.
76561198092876905,Recommended,232430,10740881,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,what is yuri,Yes I would recommed this game it is a wonderful game and a beautifully acted and carefully crafted storytelling experience 10/10no it is not a mystery game there are no puzzles or supernatural elements maybe the summary is a little misleading and maybe it's a little overpriced but pls don't be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ about it maybe it's not what everyone likes in a game but all the negative reviews make me v sad :(
,Recommended,232430,10740905,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,AggressiveAtlas,"Great story-driven exploration game. Not really worth full price, but definitely worth it at a discount."
76561198065679560,Recommended,232430,10741078,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,newfire64,"I wasn't expecting this game to be anything more than a time killer. I figured it had good reviews and was on sale for $3, so why not; but this game became so much more than expected. Within five minutes, I was so immersed in the game that playing a radio too loud seemed wrong to me because it was so early in the morning, in game. Gone Home is not an action paked thrill ride, nor is it a horror fear-fest, but it is a completely unique and wonderful experiance, that even in its simplicity will have you on the edge of your seat. It's short, but within the two hours it takes to play it though, you feel completely satisfied with the story.9/10, would recommend"
76561197972048435,Recommended,232430,10741285,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ianmyles,"Ok, so I did only pay $2.99 for this game on a whim, ignoring most of the feedback.   I actually really enjoyed this game.   I found myself really interested in the story of Sam as it unfolded.It was a short game, finished in an evening but for under $3 bucks, you just can't lose...Graphics are just ok, but get the job done.   Music was a nice touch and fit the mood of the story."
76561198067598754,Recommended,232430,10741387,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jam Jelly,"I really enjoyed this game.But I think that's mainly because I only paid $2.99 for it. If I had paid the full $19.99 I would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥The story is touching and lovely and they really know how to set an atmosphere. But that's all it is. Good atmosphere and a great story.It's not long either. I beat the game in an hour and a half.So, do I recommend it?If you really enjoy a good story then yes but only at the Steam sale price.If you want more out of your games then go somewhere else because it's not here."
,Recommended,232430,10741416,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Aaro,"Lot's of fun, kinda creepy at first but I think it has a great story (its more of an interactive story than a video game). I enjoyed it very much."
,Recommended,232430,10741491,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,roryp777,"Gone Home...This is a very original and creative game that tells a compelling story from beginning to end.  I would suggest that you finish the game in one sitting, as it's close in length to a film.  Be ready and in the mood for a game that's driven by story, not action. Thumps Up!"
,Recommended,232430,10741755,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Elliot,The best game in the Bioshock universe. Must play.
76561198122558780,Recommended,232430,10741866,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,good__bad__ugly,An engrossing story fit for the modern age.
76561198111163826,Recommended,232430,10742021,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,RiRi,Lesbian Love story........not bad
76561198024089347,Recommended,232430,3518857,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Mogie,"Great story line for this game, I suggest this game for anyone who liked bioshock, though it isn't violent you can get into this game just as much. If you have any questions for me please ask!"
,Recommended,232430,10742070,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,StudioFortress,"Don't think of this as a game, think of it as an interactive film. That's most interesting than it sounds.This is one of the most beautiful things I have played in years."
76561198006330464,Recommended,232430,10742638,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dog guy,10/10 hot lesbian action would recommend
76561198093942995,Recommended,232430,10742670,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,low-sodium cod roe,I've had my eye on this game for a while because of the riot grrrl bands that are featured and I finally bought it and enjoyed it a lot. The voice acting is done really well and overall the game tells a pretty good story. It was worth it. Alsopunks not ded.
,Recommended,232430,10742782,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cxsquared,"While this game might not be for everyone, Gone Home had me wanting to keep playing. After finding every little detail I always just wanted to find more. For me, THIS is how you tell a story. Walked for 3 hours straight 8/10"
76561198046749029,Recommended,232430,10742801,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dr. Jimbo,Intriguing.
76561198031525340,Recommended,232430,10742924,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,autumntsunami,Has a great story that is incredibly easy to get sucked into.
,Recommended,232430,10743189,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ranger Rodriguez,"'Gone Home' is a brilliant story that lays out its contents before you without running into the frustrating of possibly missing important plot developments.While the atmosphere of the game is first forboding and troubling as you control Katie and wonder the old house and uncover the mystery that has happened within the time she has been gone from your trip. Each chapter of this story takes you through different areas of the house and the plot is pushed along with impeccible voice acting and soundtrack and bring warmth back into this eery environement.The brilliant writing will pull players who seek a beautiful tale right in from the start. Those whose sick mystery will find it easy to continue has they crawl the massive complex of the 100+ year old home, and gamers of all types will be touched by the climax as the story lays itself out before you."
76561197998142416,Not Recommended,232430,10743425,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Kite,"This is another game from 2013 that I just can't understand anyone loving, but so many did. The ""game"" is bad. It is not fun...at all. Walk around, pick up pencils and empty cups, turn on some lights, and be force fed a (boring) story. Being different is not good enough alone to be a good game. Along the same lines as ""Papers, Please""...people want to convice you there is a deeper meaning to these games. There is not. That talk is elitest rubbish. The games are borring, and in some cases just unrewarded work. Stay clear of ""Gone Home"", no matter how cheap they offer it over the next week."
,Recommended,232430,10743623,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,the great nore mutiny,Everyone should play this game.
,Recommended,232430,10743631,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,EvilxMunkee,"I personally really enjoyed this game. Previous reviews state how the game can be beat in under 2 hours (My first playthrough was 1.3 hours long) but I have to say I enjoyed it.Here is the biggest sellign point for me though, the story is fantastic, though it was easy to predict.I was lucky enough to get this for 2.99 on a steam sale. Id recomment grabbing this game when its around that price point. I do not feel it would be worth 20 bucks, but for 3 bucks, it can be enjoyed easily for that amount."
76561197990982669,Recommended,232430,10743973,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Imba,"I think this game is worth it while the steam sales are on. It's short but packed with emotion, like you're playing a movie."
,Recommended,232430,10744119,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Wildperson,"I'm not sure if this would be worth the full price, as I purchased it on sale, but for the 2ish hours you have with this, it's extraordinary.The plot is simple enough - you come back from a vacation to an empty house. So you pick apart every aspect of your family's life and secrets to find out where they are instead of taking a nap and calling in the morning when the phone lines are back up.That aside, the story was phenomenal.I refuse to spoil anything for this, but the story is something new for video game narratives. I'd love to see more games appeal to emotion.The pace and plot I suppose could be related to Dear Esther. While they're still pretty different games, they're in the same genre, however small that is. I'm not sure what that genre is, but Gone Home is definitely a poster child for it."
76561198036908650,Recommended,232430,10744145,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,hairycockroach,"I recommend this game only if it is on sale. If you buy it for full price, you're literally spending $10/hour to play this game. Seriously. It took me less than two hours to beat it.In contradiction to that, I really liked this game. I enjoyed the story driven curiosity that I felt while playing exploring the abandoned house. It's calming while eerily spooky. I've been looking for more games like this on Steam but I can't seem to find anything that really fits what I felt with this story. I also don't want to fork over twenty bucks for a really short game again. There isn't a whole lot to talk about without revealing any spoilers but if you want an immersive experience, definitely give this game a try. Just don't pay full priced like I did. (As of today it's only $2.99 for the Steam summer sale.) My wallet is crying."
,Recommended,232430,10744276,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Petrol Powered Branch,"Buy it, enjoy it, love itI high recommend playing this game in one sitting."
76561198043971833,Recommended,232430,10744691,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,metrognome,Best 2 dollars and 99 cents I've spent in ages.
76561198053286136,Recommended,232430,10745042,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Del Griffith,"I have some very mixxed feelings about this game. While it is incredibly short, about 2 hours 3 if you take your time, i only paid 3 bucks on steam sale for it so i do feel i got my moneys worth. This game was definatly not what i was expecting and had a terrific story once you piece everything together. I was definatly entertained and it kept me interested the whole time i was playing it.I am recomending it but ONLY if you can get it on sale due to its short length. At the flash sale price it was definat;ly worth the cost of admission but NOT at full price!"
76561197971490846,Recommended,232430,10745600,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,pneumannic,I found this game thoroughly engrosing and quite refreshing.  It's great to see the computer game medium being used to tell a story this way.
76561198072094610,Recommended,232430,10745714,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,gamer guy,One of the best games I've played in a while
,Recommended,232430,8211729,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Zorb,"An emotional plot-heavy game. All you'll do is walk around reading and listening to things. Worth it if you want a 2-3 hour story, but don't pay more than $5 for it."
,Recommended,232430,10745871,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,SherlockGriffin,"Not for everyone. However, if you're the kind of gamere that likes atmosphere and to soak in the exploration of a game, this is your game. At $2.99 currently, it's worth your money. However, anything higher is too much. Certainly the original $20 asking price. Get it on sale."
76561198037925560,Recommended,232430,10745952,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Thong Pounder,Incredible for those who can understand its inherent values. Take your time and look through everything and absorb what the game has to offer by its narration.
,Recommended,232430,2425439,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,longbeard180,"I dont think I have ever been more engrossed in a game in my entire life. No pressure, no frusteration, its like an interactive story that no game has ever brought before. The only con is that it can be beat in under two hours. Still, an incredible and unique experience."
,Recommended,232430,1463668,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Дядя Фёдор,It's all about personal stories now. And it's perfect time to be a gamer.
76561198005603053,Recommended,232430,2314043,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Jennifyre,"Very impressive game. The atmosphere created is reminiscent of coming home when your younger when all the lights are off and nobody is home. That creepy feeling of being alone in the dark is very very well portrayed here. But the atmosphere is only one part of this game.  It tells a truly touching, emotional. and personal story, one you probably won't be expecting. Not a super long game but honestly seems to be as long as it should be. Going into this game I expected one thing and came out with something completely different and you don't see that in games pretty much ever. I think everyone should play this and hope I've convinced you to do so."
76561197995476665,Recommended,232430,7955657,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Aengus,It's not a usual quest. It's primarily a great storry.
,Recommended,232430,7959430,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Ellux,"This is a love letter pure and simple. A short story that will probably only take most people an hour or two at the most, but do not let that make you think it is not worth every pennie.Set in the mid 90's a girls comes home to find her house empty, her parents and sister gone. But why? Following clues around the house will explain why, bit by bit you find out the secrets of her sister Sam. It is done in such a understated, beautiful way that I do believe even the most harded minded of people would have a tear in their eyes.Beautiful."
76561197996921040,Recommended,232430,7827903,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Spogsmog,"Gone home is a unique first-person explorer game. There's no action, puzzle or challenges to overcome, what you do for the entire duration of the journey however, is to explore every nook and cranny for information to advance in the game. The characters, setting and tone of the game is laid out elegantly, almost like following a trail of cookie crumbs the creators spread out to guide you from one place to the next, where you learn about yourself (your character) and your family. Most of the story is told throught written letters and notes that you discover throughout the house. The story is well paced and written; culminating into a satisfying over-all experience. There's no denial that the game is short. If you like a unique slice-of-life experience and you're not deterred by the fact that there's a lot of reading to be done, then this game might be something for you.Rating:Gameplay: 3/6Story: 5/6Fun: 4/6Production value: 5/6Replayability: 2/6"
,Recommended,232430,7828414,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,A Higgs That Just Wanna MAGA,"Grabbed the game for $4.99 during the 2013 Autumn sale. Finished the game in ~2 hours. Enjoyed it from start to finish. I think it's worth its regular price of $20, but if you ever see it on sale, definitely grab it."
76561198055389903,Recommended,232430,7831100,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Grimfarrow,"GONE HOME uses a similar device as DEAR ESTHER to tell its story - the audio voice-over. But whereas DEAR ESTHER comes off as precious, self-consciously poetic and in the end unsatisfying, GONE HOME basically does everything right. The house itself is a joy to explore - there are so many details that you can spend a lot of time just picking up things and admiring them. Of course, the fact that the game has horror elements helps to give it more of an edge - there are times in which I got rather scared. But the star of the game is the family - the absent family, whose lives you need to piece together bit by bit. And while the main protagonist of this story is obvious, the side characters actually provide the most depth and psychology. The fact that the game delves into some very dark psychological damage of one (well, two) characters is especially interesting, but you would not know it unless you were paying lots of attention. And that is exactly why this game is so great - the story is pieced together in your mind, and not told outright to you. What a great way to unlock our imagination. 9/10"
,Recommended,232430,8034535,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,ProfessorDuck,One word ... TENSE!
76561197982691826,Recommended,232430,8035333,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,ndrsn',Beautiful. There's no other way to describe it.
,Recommended,232430,8037962,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,[E] m a r k u s,"There isn't much that can be said without just playing the game. It's love, loneliness, inspiration, sadness but most importantly a joy to play. It's great."
76561197968555056,Recommended,232430,8038122,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,jaffa_geronimo,"Great, 3D adventure game. You can nearly touch and interact with everything in the house which makes it quite interesting because youself have to decide what is useful and what not.You can't stop playing because you want to know the end of the story.It takes about 4-5 hrs to complete when exploring every single edge in the house."
,Recommended,232430,8039830,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,log out -> Seminararbeit,definitely my game of the year :)
,Recommended,232430,8040855,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Bobfranklinhippyflower,"Gone Home tells the most personal narrative I've ever experienced in a video game. The ease with which it manages to make its characters relatable and the situations they find themselves in resonate on an emotional level, as well as its wonderfully heartfelt and earnest delivery, left me with the impression that with Gone Home, developer The Fullbright Company was telling somebody's story. But this small, intimate tale of family, adolescence and self-realization is told with all the confidence of a grand epic.Set during a dark and stormy summers night of the mid-nineties, Gone Home casts you as Katie, a young woman who has just returned to her parents suburban home in Oregon after a yearlong trip across Europe. Much like the player, Katie is a stranger to her parents' new house. However, instead of a warm welcome, Katie finds the ominous building dark and empty, with a mysterious note from her younger sister on the front door.Of course the mansion itself holds the answer to many of the questions this set-up evokes. Piecing together just what exactly happened while you were gone and figuring out where your family is consists largely of exploring Gone Home's many rooms, with the house acting as both a well designed puzzle for the player to work through, and an essential narrative device.Gone Home's setting is filled to the brim with interactive objects, revealing notes and high-resolution artwork. It's a masterpiece of environmental story-telling, with every small detail adding to your understanding of the people that make up Katie's family.Its intricate recreation of a suburban home of the nineties is almost uncanny: it's the furniture, the wallpapers and the many small touches like scattered VHS tapes and cassettes, complete with labeled sheaths. In fact, my only criticism of Gone Home is that, at times, the recreation feels almost too perfect, too meticulously designed.The main narrative thread revolves around Katie's younger sister Sam, as she guides you through the past year of her life and acts as a narrator of sorts with journal-entries scattered around the house. Smart, witty, rebellious and lively, she's the type of person that I wish I could have been at her age. Her growth into womanhood is a captivating story and marks Gone Home's emotional core. It's brought to life with some fantastic writing and exceptional voice-work.Katie herself never really plays an integral role in Gone Home's story. Instead, she serves as a vessel and emotional anchor for the player. This slight disconnect actually works to the story's favour, as it allows the player to come in without any pre-conceived notions on the family and yet still have some connection to the world and characters.However for all the touching moments and heartfelt emotions that Gone Home so deftly portrays, one other emotion dominated a large part of Gone Home for me: fear. For the majority of my time with it, I played Gone Home like I would a horror game: clinging to the lights, avoiding the shadows, getting startled by every little sound and taking short brakes to catch my breath. The dark hallways of the house are deeply unsettling at first. I almost expected a monster to jump out of the closet, or to catch a glimpse of a ghost out of the corner of my eye. But there is no monster, and no ghost. Gone Home evoked the same fear in me, that I get when I walk around in a dark and lonely house -- the fear of that which does not exist.But my relationship with Gone Home's setting gradually evolved. As I started turning on more lights and familiarizing myself with the layout of the house, my fears began to vanish. What I at first perceived to be a gloomy and uninviting mansion, now felt like a cozy and warm place, a treasure trove of human stories and emotions -- a home.In the span of a mere two hours, Gone Home took me through an emotional roller-coaster that few games have been able to match, starting with the suspenseful unease of a super-natural mystery and ending with a beautiful emotional pay-off. By the end, I didn't know whether to laugh or cry, so I did both. Even thinking about it now makes my heart swell with a rush of emotion.Final Words:In many ways, Gone Home is very mundane -- a slice of life, captured in a quaint suburban home. But it's ultimately this mundanity that sets Gone Home apart. Through it, the Fullbright Company explores a set of human emotions that games rarely deal with -- and rarer still so well. Players who grew up in the 90's will undoubtedly appreciate all the small particularities of the era, but Gone Home's narrative themes are universal. There's something for everyone to relate to in this understated, introspective masterpiece and anyone with even the slightest interest in the possibilities of narrative in games should play Gone Home."
,Recommended,232430,8044172,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Crip Jericho,"Don't read about the game before playing it.  Just sit down in the dark, put on some headphones, crank the headphones, and take your time playing this game.  It's a quick experience, only a few hours, and well worth the time.  I really love the thought put into the scenery, items, and house.  A great and creepy experience with some surprises."
,Recommended,232430,17590591,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,bas,"At the very least, I love this game because it wasn't what I expected. It was, on an emotional level, immersive. In the short time it takes to complete it takes you from thinking it's a horror game, to a ghost story, to something else all together. I love this game, and highly reccomend it to gamers who enjoy a little bit of diversity in their libraries."
76561198003565373,Recommended,232430,17522052,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,[GAW] Luuna,"Hello,I really enjoyed my time playing Gone home so I will recommend this game but not to anybody.This game is about searching your house for any clues about why there is nobody home when you arrive.You won't find any puzzles to solve (even if discovering certains elements in the house can look like very simple ones but there is no reflection behind it) nor any combat. If that is what you are into you can pass.This game is mostly about teenagers so if you don't like teenager's stories you can pass too.Then what this game is about ? Picking it stuff up and read it (Then put it back nicely of make a hell of a heck just because you can frustrated because nobody's home when you come back, I was :) ).You will learn about all the person in katie's family by reading everything you can find in the house, by discovering more information you will be able to progress through the house and the story.Despite the spooky ambiance  (I don't like spooky so it put me out of ease and I waited broad day light to play the game, it is not that spooky just bad weather + some bad lights it's all that it takes for me to find it spooky), I really liked the way the game is done, directed nicely through the house by the story even if you can skip some elements.Be sure to explore every bits of the house, I liked all the detailled information you can find find in the house.Pros/Cons:The graphics are ok, some element seems more researched that other, and the detail are in the clue and not so much in the house. The textures are quite simple I think. It doesn't make the game ugly or anything like that I just think it could have been a bit better.The story is great to me. I have seen lots of negative comments concerning the story, as stated before it contains lots of teenager stuff so that may not be to your liking.It took me a bit less than 3h to complete the game.You won't find any replayability in this game as the story is a one shot (This is not a down side).Voice acting is very good I think.Once all the mouse control helper are removed the controls are fine.Spooky ambiance was definively a con for me at first but it's in the interest of the story so I'm ok with it.In all, a nice crafted game that I enjoyed playing to the very end and that is very good :D.Cheers,Luuna."
76561198176205635,Recommended,232430,16815069,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Gamer of the North,"(NO SPOILERS), okey just a littleWhen I first bought ""Gone Home"" on sale, I had no idea what to expect from it, and neighter did I know what kind of game this was. But it looked like a interesting mystery type of game, set back in the 90s, which is a interesting time period for a game, especially if you have a childhood from the 90s (not me though). There is no combat or puzzels in the game, all though the game is a puzzel it self......To enjoy ""Gone Home"", you have to like slow-paced games, and you need to have patience, because you are going to read A LOT in the game to find out more about your missing family. This is a story-driven game, so if you don't engage in the story, there it's no point in playing it. You must search every corner, read every piece of paper, and  listen to every tape you find, because that's how you get ahead in the game, and experience the amazing story.After 5 minuttes of playing, I quickly got a creepy feeling, because you learn fast that this is a real SCARY game, more scary then many horror games out there. You are all alone in this big old house, and the game doesn't even try to help you out. You have to turn on all the lamps in the house, because you have no flashlight or anything. What's great about the game, is that while you are playing, you will probably come up with many conclusions about your family's disappearance. Is it something supernatural, or maybe not? Inside every room there is somehow a clue to find out the deeper truth.I would strongly recommend to use a headset while playing at night. The game should be 3-4 hours, and has no replay value, but this is the kind of game that you only need to experience once, despite of how short the game is. I would also recommend not to play the game in more then on period, because of how short the game is. It would be like watching half a movie one day, and the rest another day, it kind of looses that ""vibe"".This is an outstanding game that differs from the rest. I don't normally play games like this, but I think it's good for everyone to play something else then ""Dota"" and COD"".  All in all, this is a must own game on steam, trust me on this one."
76561197960385255,Recommended,232430,17904945,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,[GA] Beharrt {mpb},"This story is worth your time and money. The voice acting is beautiful and the environment immersive.  I really enjoyed this impulse buy, and I hope you do too."
,Recommended,232430,17903884,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Poohman,"A very short, but sweet game. It made me happy to take this story and be along with the narrator. It gave me chills at times and tears (of joy) at others. It was worth it to experience the story."
,Recommended,232430,8169458,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,/\/\!l<!,If you like exploring games then this is what you want great story and easy to play.
76561198117943297,Recommended,232430,8170853,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,VAndriano,"""Gone Home"" is a gripping and emtional experience that I think EVERYONE needs to play through. The game focuses on topics that are rarely ever touched upon in this medium. The feeling the game bestows upon you is like nothing I've experienced before. The creepy, mysterious vibe the game sets is perfect and will have you thinking about it even when you're not playing. BUY IT!"
,Recommended,232430,8170924,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,CleverlyClearly,"I can't exactly say WHY this game is good, but it is. Buy it. Buy this game. You must buy this game."
,Recommended,232430,8171425,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,SpiltCoffeeTV,"Highly recommended, but wait for it to drop in price. A %66+ discount would perhaps justify the cost of the game, I reckon."
76561198048795351,Recommended,232430,8173028,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,RichardGereSolid,Great story but I beat it in less than 2 hours. Let's make DLC where the lesbian sister becomes a zombie killer because everything is about zombies these days. People are dumb man.
,Recommended,232430,8174893,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,camtgj,"Stunning, beautiful and toucing. there are no better three words to describe this incredible game, if you dont have, you soon will :)"
,Recommended,232430,8250286,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,andtheboat,A unique story telling experience. Like portal but without the portals.
,Recommended,232430,8251355,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,kevbell,"The atmosphere in this game is amazing, but it should ship with a free change of underwear ;)"
76561198067309816,Recommended,232430,27608219,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,neoxid501,A fantastic game to play if you're looking for something primarily for the narrative such as To the Moon or any of TellTale's series of games. Great story and very touching.
,Recommended,232430,27776718,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,rarelypurplepants,"I can't remember how I found out about this or what drew me to it, but I'm glad I played it. Long after finishing the game, I still find myself thinking about how I felt while wandering through the home, putting the pieces together while also trying not to freak myself out. It's not an outright horror game, but when you're getting all wrapped up in the story, it feels a bit like one. It's tense and emotional and I'd absolutely recommend Gone Home if you're looking for a short game that leaves a lasting impression."
76561198024938829,Recommended,232430,27879268,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Penguin Zero,"This game received a lot of flak when it first came out, mostly for not very good reasons.  Often it was lambasted for not being a type of game it had never professed to be, or for telling a story aimed at people the critics didn't want the story to be aimed at.  So I think it's worth looking at what Gone Home tries to do, and how well it lives up to it.Gone Home, on a gameplay level, is all about exploration.  It's not rewarded in the typical ways exploration in a game tends to be -- you won't find power-ups for completing jumping puzzles or get an achievement for completing the map.  Instead, you're rewarded with pieces of the puzzle that is the story of the game.  Sometimes these are explicit -- voiceover diary entries for reaching certain places, or letters and notes to read.  Others are more implicit, often looking like just parts of the background -- a TV with cables hanging out underneath it, for instance, implies that there once was a VCR there, and it's gone.  Put this together with clues from other areas in the game, and you can figure out the story behind the VCR -- and where it went.  There's not a room in the game without something that expands on the picture the game is painting.And on a story level, that picture is the entire point.  The game is really a portrait of a family, both its surface and its secrets.  The main story of the game, the one conveyed through voiced diaries, is all about the protagonist's younger sister, but the smaller clues lead to a surprisingly detailed pair of stories about their mother and father, intersecting at points and diverging at others.  The protagonist herself ends up less well-defined, but that's not uncommon for player avatars, and we still get a sense of her broad personality.  The game doesn't focus on a linear narrative so much as the exploration of a family, its history, and its strengths and flaws.That's what the game is.  It's also important to know what it's not.  It's not an action game of any type.  It's not a traditional horror game -- if you're enjoying the game, you'll certainly feel tension and apprehension at certain points, but it starts out as the nervousness you'd feel about exploring a strange empty house where some of the lights don't work and you don't know what's around the next corner, and moves on to a quiet dread about how the stories of the family wind up, and whether things ended well for them or took a turn to the worst-case scenario.  It's not really a puzzle game -- there are some secret passages to find and locked doors to open, but the solutions are usually pretty simple and obvious.  You won't be rearranging soup cans in the pantry to spell out a secret password -- more likely you'll just be trying to figure out where Mom would have put the spare key.  It's not a game that sets out to challenge the player with its gameplay -- the real challenge is piecing together the story, and if that doesn't entertain you, you'll have less fun with this.I think, overall, this is a very good game, if you're willing to engage with it on the level it's meant to be engaged with.  Of course, it's not perfect -- what game is?  You're meant to explore the various sections of the house in a certain general order, but it's possible to access them out of order, especially if you're hunting for easter eggs or just lucky enough to stumble on something before you're pointed to it.  This will confuse the narrative significantly, and possibly abbreviate it.  There's not much replay value -- once you've understood the family's story, the only reason to come back is to experience it all again, or if you missed something your first time through.  (The safe in the basement seems to be the most commonly-overlooked thing -- the combination is very close by, but you might not recognize it the first time around.)  And, of course, a game like this relies on you getting engaged with the characters and wanting to unravel their stories and what happened to them.  If for whatever reason they don't click with you, the whole thing will be uninteresting.Overall, though, I highly recommend this game.  If you're very concerned about the value you're getting for a short, low-replay-value game, you may want to wait for a sale, but if you love exploration and piecing together a mystery (as I do), it may very well be worth full price."
76561198185833601,Recommended,232430,28041791,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,MaiteMicheline,Very touching. A good atmosphere and a very moving story.This game shows a new way of telling stories. Brilliant!
,Recommended,232430,28026183,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FoxReels,"Do not play this game expecting to solve puzzles or run away from monsters.Play this ""interactive story"" expecting some intrigue, some misty eyes, and 90s faux-nostalgia so intense it must have been through a centrifuge.I played through it with my wife, and we enjoyed every moment."
,Recommended,232430,28027285,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,dirt410,A short and memorable experience. This is more of an interactive story and that's fine considering the writing is well done.
,Recommended,232430,28001499,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Joselyn Aurora,"A short, but emotionally investing walking simulator that truly tugs at your heartstrings as you learn more about the characters."
,Recommended,232430,28133680,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,13ongRips,"Tells a story in a very unique way (through notes), very moving!"
,Recommended,232430,28074984,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DEE,"First of all, I somehow thought this was some kind of horror game. Even though the atmosphere can be creepy sometimes, I was totally wrong. I have never played a game similar to ""Gone Home"". I was blown away at the end of the game, but I'm not sure what to think about it. There are a lot of things you might not realize when playing for the first time, but once you know what's going on, the tension has gone home too :PWould I play this game again?Probably not. Maybe with a friend.Would I recommend this game?Definitly. The story was amazing!"
76561198141690938,Recommended,232430,28112429,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,RapZebraXoxo,"This game has a good story, but it's not worth $20. It's just listening to the story and takes 1-2 hours to complete. If you really want it, buy it when it's on sale and extremely cheap like I did. I do recommend this game, but only if you're into paying $20 for a story."
,Recommended,232430,28100102,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,owsky,Simply the best walking simulator that I've ever played. I loved it.
76561198080907383,Recommended,232430,28110374,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,darrygg,"Been seeing this game touted as a ""snoop-em-up"" and I couldn't agree more. You will have to get pretty deep into the random benign looking thigns laying around this single location game to get your money's worth from the story; a very worthwhile story."
76561198078982365,Recommended,232430,28018436,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Deon,cool schmool
,Recommended,232430,28019457,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AshWolf,"I enjoyed this game, I thought something was going to jump out at me at any moment but it wasn't a scary game at all :p It was just about the family. Putting clues together to figure what happened and where the family were was interesting. Not a very long game but if you need something for a few hours, it's worth a shot."
76561197970975105,Recommended,232430,28020530,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Solid Squirrel,Great story.Amazing soundtrack8 Bikini Kills out of 5 Heaven's to Betsys
,Recommended,232430,28011094,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Professor Doctor Gir,A fantastic heartfelt walking simulator with a dash of puzzle and exploration thrown in.
76561198048981842,Recommended,232430,28053523,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,flnn,"Short but sweet, emotional narrative game. Highly recommended if you're into gameplay-light ""walking simulator"" games."
76561197994525871,Recommended,232430,27995632,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Myrael,Short game but i got hit right in the feels.
,Recommended,232430,25189851,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Twyzëas,"AboutThe beautiful and emotional story of Gone Home works flawlessly as an exploration game. The scale, the details, the sounds—everything works prefectly in harmony. I'm speechless of the quality and thoughts put into this masterpiece. Since this game lacks almost any kind of gameplay and is mostly about exploration, it's kind of a visual novel with occasional interaction, very similar to Dear Esther. The lack of gameplay can be a dealbreaker for some.ProsOne of the best stories within a gameA beautiful home to fully exploreEmotional atmosphereGreat voice actingRating10/10 — Masterpiece"
,Recommended,232430,579976,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Danimo,"this game is phenomenal. you should play this game. when was the last time a game made you feel reminiscent, or wistful? when has a game made me feel like I missed so much, like I wish I could have been there for my (fictional) sister so bad? curiousity lead to worriment, then brief happiness,  then dread and relief and genuine ♥♥♥♥ing feelings"
76561198025247990,Recommended,232430,3613241,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,chuchu33,"In a similar vein with Dear Esther, Gone Home goes beyond traditional video gaming and uses the media as a vessel for a choose-your-own-adventure type storytelling.  It's a really touching story about the thrills and pains of family,  growing up, and finding oneself.  It is incredibly moody and atmospheric, with a setting that plunges you right into the mindset of the main character. Don't go into the game expecting a video game, per se, as you will be sorely disappointed.  But if you go into it expecting an experience, you shouldn't be disappointed."
,Recommended,232430,13143815,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ixurge,"3 hour of deep and emotional exploration.a game different from the common, well realized"
,Not Recommended,232430,13125805,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,ken-kun,"Uggghhhhh... Others of you might relate to me in believing this game had false advertisement (though it was mostly my fault). I'm a staunch believer in that knowing as little about a game as possible makes it more enjoyable, so the only thing I knew about Home previous to playing it was what I saw in Nerdcubeds LP. He made it seem like the game would be a tense... Horror game? I wasn't sure what I was expecting, but that's not what I got. Instead, the game starts out spooky, but then about halfway through turns into a full on expositionj fest. I won't spoil it, since the story is okay, but I wasn't very happy. One thing I did like however, was the atmosphere of the Gone Home. The rain and thunder are convincing, I loved the art design, and all the 90s references were well done and not forced. However, I would not recommend this to anyone. Maybe to the group that the sister of the protagonist is in, but even then only if it was on a huge sale. 4/10"
76561198020014728,Recommended,232430,13120456,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,tesla323,"9/10. I love a dark horse. This game is refreshingly deep, yet simple, with a story, atmosphere and characters that draw you in and won't let you go for the entirety of the game. I want a sequel."
76561198006555024,Recommended,232430,7458102,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Mephistophiplease,Sam's journey made me weep profusely.
76561197974854417,Recommended,232430,13040403,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,American Dream,"This was an interesting ""game"".  It was certainly creepy and had a very unsual storyline for this type of atmosphere.  There is a lot to explore in the house and it is fun to find the different clues as to what happened in the house while ""you"" were away."
,Recommended,232430,11443166,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Merlin the Tuna,"Surprisingly engrossing! At this point, you probably know roughly what the game is about and that it doesn't have even the slightest bit of the ol' shootyjumps. But as storytelling goes, it's really effective not just in the main plot, but in the sidestories woven in as well."
76561198130372825,Recommended,232430,13003391,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,falkon_89,"I think this is a well done game, it has had a lot of people talking about it and alot of people didn't like it. this game wasn't made to be some grand all-time game, this was made to see if people would play a game that was a little slower paced and not a shooter. and from everything i've seen they did a good job at it. i would play more games like this if they came out with some, even more so if they were longer and more in-depth.I would recommend this game to anyone who wants a short exploring game."
,Recommended,232430,4729330,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,V1RUSz,"Oh my god, this game is really creepy but so amazing at the same time, in fact it got 9.5/10 from IGN. Not too cheap but worth every penny of it."
,Recommended,232430,13064353,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,speelbergo,"i truly loved this experience. It was such an elegant little story with such clever exposition. i'm hesitant to call it a 'game' per say, because it's more of an interactive novella, but very engaging and refreshing nonetheless."
,Recommended,232430,13067015,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Dr. Gonzo,"Just finished Gone Home... for  lack of better words it is absolutely beautiful. Intriguing story, steller ambience and attention to detail make this one of the best indie games that I have ever played.A definite must have!9/10"
76561198005754005,Recommended,232430,13048370,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Doglatine,"Gone Home is a great experience and I highly recommend it. It's incredibly polished, and the visuals and voice acting are superb. It's a little brief (2 hours or so) but the experience will stay with you for a long time. There's no real action, but it's very immersive and compelling story telling. It actually reminded me a little bit of System Shock 2/Bioshock in terms of how you're in this environment finding notes, audiologs, and so on, but the setting makes it quite different.I also loved the 90s nostalgia. It really reminded me just what it was like back then."
76561198025474172,Recommended,232430,13086609,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,towski,"compelling enough to play it all the way through, like exploring a house and another persons life. slightly sad"
,Recommended,232430,13152952,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Ov3rRide,"Loved it,the voice acter that voice Sam made this emotional. Decided to play this because of Vidjagame Apocalypse podcast, and i can't believe I didn't played this when it came out. I never get emotional, unless i'm watching anime but this game actually made me emational. Now it only took me a hour and twinty minutes to beat this and I did about 98% every there is to do but I got my money worth just because of the story. I wish there are more games that has a good story like this, that made be shed some manly tears. I Want to go back and play it. but I can't handle it right now. To much feels."
,Recommended,232430,1461307,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Rat Finkus,"It's less of a game, and more of an interactive story. Very fascinating and a refreshing change of pace when compared to the mindless action games that are a dime-a-dozen these days.I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a unique story-telling experience."
76561197985854698,Recommended,232430,13022022,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Action Boy,"No combat, no skill tree, no objective.You just look through other people stuff.Its an odd and different experiance. Must try when it goes on sale."
76561198029558240,Recommended,232430,13033821,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Klinx,"This game has truly amazed me. I didn't think much of it at first, in fact the only reason I played it was because it sounded like some sort of detective game, which it sort of is. However it is so much more than just exploration. There's many little hidden things in this game that tell you about the story and among other things.The story touched my heart and changed my perception on many things. I doubt I'll ever be able to feel the same way this game made me feel again.I truly reccomend this game to anyone who loves exploration, a bit of eeriness and a beautiful story."
76561198026249281,Recommended,232430,13038541,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Zolk,"Here's your guide to buying this or not.I would say buy this game just for the story.  It's almost like a movie, it's just that you that steers the main character. If that's not for you then don't buy it."
,Recommended,232430,12964925,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,gellygames,"I enjoyed it, but I can see why people would hate it.You basically walk around a house and look at objects while listening to the story unfold as you interact with said objects. There are no enemies or shooting, so if that is your buzz do not even bother with this.Buy it on special, do NOT pay full price as it is totally not worth $20."
,Recommended,232430,12965486,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Snowdog,"This is more of an experience than a game as such, More in the vien of the Novelist or Dear Esther.If you are looking for excitement or challenge then look elsewhere. You will be bored to tears with this.But if you love an experience where you discover a story at your own pace, with a voyeuristic pleasure at looking into the lives of others, then this could well be right up your street.As a 50 year old English man Gone Home really worked for me. It reached my emotions, it touched me, it resonated with me in a realistic way (I married an American) and it brought other emotions too, but enough on that as I don't want to give spoilers.I related to all of the characters in one way or another, It brought back feelings from my youth which was very fulfilling on a personal level.It also introduced me to Riot Grrrl music. It is a genre that totally missed me by. Surprisingly in my mind as my musical tastes are rather obscure. For example Guided By Voices were on an in game poster, and I listen to them a lot. Many of the other bands mentioned I am familiar with too. I am a particular fan of punk (from all decades). So yes Riot Grrrl passing me by is a surprise.But enough about me, back to the experience.It took me a couple of hours to complete, which I find for an experience/art style game is a comfortable time which feels about right. I played through in one sitting, which is how I like to play through these kind of experiences.The mechanics although simple work very well. I used a Xbox 360 wireless controler.I went through the game blind, so the sense of discovery was immense for me. I highly recommend not finding out much about the expeience before you start.So for me Gone Home is way up there for me as a great experience.So if you like experiences like I do then I rate this 92%.But if you prefer action, adventure and horror and hate ""Walking Simulators"" then it is a 12%~ Snowdog"
,Recommended,232430,12968109,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Anyui,"It was a great experience, though considering the short length I wouldn't recommend buying it at full price. £15 is quite a lot for this game but I'd definitely say to get it on a sale. A very sweet story and I enjoyed exploring the house a lot."
76561198131804639,Recommended,232430,12968628,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,xdros88x,I enjoyed the game but its short so take your time 7/10
76561198118513281,Recommended,232430,12970174,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,millmerman,"For me,  this game illiciited a real, emotional reponse.  I grew up in the 90's.  The music and references really hit home.    As a married man, I understand the tension and distance that can come between two people.  Maybe I'm getting sentimental in my old age.    This game made me sad and depressed, but in a good way, if that makes an sense."
,Recommended,232430,12970224,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Subcomandante Calisto,"Beautifull poetic adventure...A marvelous story and a simple, yet effective, atmosphere makes this game one of a kind.Bringing the art and the magic back to gaming, adventures like this one are delightfull suprise."
,Recommended,232430,12970273,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,kvlt_juggalo,this rulesso do bratmobile and heavens to betsy
76561198086453654,Recommended,232430,12972159,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,SimbaOnHindLegs,You need to be smart and patient to enjoy this. £15 isn't a lot for an experience that'll stick with you until you die. This game is and will always be a timeless masterpiece.
,Recommended,232430,12972858,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,theRusticCitrus,"In spite of the fact that this was a very short game, I did enjoy it. I went through expecting some crappy ghost story plot-twist, but was pleasantly surprised by the down to earth nature of it. If you enjoy short stories, or games such asThe Vanishing of Ethan CarterandThe Stanley Parable, then I think this one might be worth your while."
76561197998466719,Recommended,232430,12315552,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,NiftyFox,"A great interactive story. But that's all it is- an interactive story. Don't get it if you don't like the genre! As well, it's WAY overpriced (maximum 2 hour experience for a short story that, on paper, would probably be a couple bucks) so only get it on a sale.The story itself is very moving. the voice acting is really good and inspires the mood as well. You'll also only get back what effort you put in - the more you explore the house, the more story you will uncover. I really enjoyed the experience."
,Recommended,232430,12318077,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,EveryoneRunsFasterWithAKnife,"This is one of my favorite games to buy friends when it's on sale. Sure, it's a little short, but if you love stories and strong emotions, this game is for you. It's a very immersive world but can be beat in a long sitting. You'll feel wrapped in and by the end you'll really be impressed with what you just played."
,Recommended,232430,12318814,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Tyler,A captivating game designed to tell a deep story.Gone Homeis a shorter indie title which leaves you searching your house and revealing more about the character that you are playing as. A great pickup on sale but it is too short to warrant the £15 price tag!
,Recommended,232430,12296295,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Luda,"Great adventure game. You can interact with almost everything in the environment which is drenched in 90s nostalgia. The game plays like an ineractive shortfilm, complete with original soundtrack and the sensation of being in a large house by yourself after dark. Great sense of immersion with plenty of exploration and depth all around."
,Recommended,232430,12269654,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Freddy,It's a pretty decent book.
,Recommended,232430,13904380,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,KenCalDi,"Extraordinary narrative adventure. Beatifully designed and written. Is not supposed to be a ""fun"" game but a very compelling and emotional one. Never though roaming around a house looking at your familly's stuff could be so interesting."
76561198205016776,Recommended,232430,13920222,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,spwoco,What a beautiful experience. The way the story is told could only be done in a game -- not a movie or a book -- and the creators have done a marvelous job. Fantastic.Recommended for anybody who loves beautiful storytelling.
,Recommended,232430,13921015,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Ahmed from ISIS,"Aside from the incredibly short length netting in at 2 hours average, Gone Home is still nonetheless a brilliant story based game. You will either love it or hate it.The characters (only 2 are important) have genuine personality told through the letters and objects you find as you explore the house. Important items and clues play voice tapes, which reveal more story. In the end I genuinely connected with them, and they felt real.There's no real sense of gameplay, the interface is minimal and as far as the investigation elements go you'll tend to keep all the clues in short term memory. With Gone Home It's all about the story, and the story is only meant to be played once. If you get it on sale, like I did, you won't feel ripped off. If investigation and exploration (i.e. Games As Art) aren't your area then this won't be for you."
76561198142449286,Recommended,232430,13921558,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Clockwork Eye,"Great game, I totally recommend if you're a player that is always looking for new experiences in video games"
,Not Recommended,232430,14153681,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,أوركيدا,"- (Personal Score: 6/10.)- ( i wish steam had a ''Meh'' button. because the game doesnt suck it just wasnt what i hoped/wished it could be, the first 20+ minutes was so thrilling and it sets the mood high for me, but as it continued its like all the things that could've been, it just didnt. and took another turn that wasnt what i felt at the beginning.)- In Depth:i know you'll wonder why i have 4.6 hrs recorded by steam. thats because i clicked on everything in the game. ( even the 20th  dr.pepper can that i saw for some reason lol),  thats why and not because there is more story. you'll finish this in an Hour or less if you played it a 2nd time.lets start the review, i was born in the 90s so i couldnt appreciate all the throwbacks or the nostalgia part of the game, but i remember some of it and it made me kinda happy... like before you even start the game it sets you on that mood that something terrible had happened to your family since you're away and they left you all those messages or even stuff that they've worked on since you been away traveling Europe. and then you read all those messages/recordings and even documents that your family left, like sometimes you'll read stuff that wasnt even meant for you to know and thats what i liked about the game also you feel like you know katie's family! her dad/mom and sister sam.. you feel like you know them just as much as katie do and it made them so real even if you dont see them in the game, then it set your mind at a state that something terrible had happen and you must know what, and when the story progresses it just leave you at blank. like all the things you read sometimes hear (like one time you hit a recorder and you hear a girl calling your name and it was shaky like she wants to cry or in fear!) plus its like the atmosphere was for nothing!!!!i really felt cheated in a way... i was feeling something the game wasnt... in the 1st 20 minutes all i could think of is what if this happened or this or that like maybe it was murder or kidnaping or something.... then when the HOUR of gameplay ended i was just left with nothing... i felt cheated. and actually felt stupid for making this game more than what it was.- ( Summary:  its like a beautiful looking candy with a bitersweet taste. it wasn't for me. )"
,Recommended,232430,14154399,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Meinsamr,"This is one of those games that a person either hates or loves. There are enough spoiler-free reviews out there that anyone thinking about buying it has the resources to inform themself enough to know what they're getting into.Without spoiling anything myself - if you're a person who enjoys well-written stories as much as gameplay and wouldn't mind what solely amounts to a beautifully woven and paced short story presented through an explorable game environment, then you'll love the game. If you're all about the action and are one of those people who always quickly bypasses all the story elements and cutscenes in games, then you'll be extremely underwhelmed and certainly regret the purchase."
,Recommended,232430,14341172,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Magnus Westin,"Very good game?, well executed, perfect length and extremly good atmosphere. Although, I should say, that calling it a game is stretch. It's more of a short storie where you have to discover the pages. There aren't really that much gaming elements, except for some simple ""move objects"" to find something underneath. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,232430,14329382,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,li.u,"...meh :/An interesting experience in storytelling, but little more than that. The exploration of the house and basically walking into the unknown created an eery atmosphere right from the beginning. However, instead of ramping up by intensifying the mystery, the game loses much of the suspense about halfway in, since you quickly get used to your surroundings and it's also pretty easy to figure out where the game is going with its story. That being said, the narrative was neither ""bad"" nor boring. However, I think Gone Home would've served better as a genuine horror/supernatural mystery (as was teased with the whole ""psycho house"" setting from the very beginning).The game mechanics allow you to interact with lots of objects (pick stuff up, flip it around, zoom in, put it back) and while that is a nice touch, it felt somewhat pointless and underused. It's only ever needed to read the back of some photo or document. Since you're only picking up mundane everyday items, there's not much else to do, which is why, again, I'd have preferred this game to actually have some supernatural elements (intricate puzzle boxes like in The Room come to mind).Anyway, it was a short (~2h), sweet experience. Still worthwhile on its own, but also with lots of squandered potential imo. I'd never have bought it at full price, though. But for under 5$ it's worth recommending."
,Recommended,232430,14333282,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Jrquinlisk,"Perfectly sized and paced for a quiet evening. Quietly compelling, delightfully engaging, and surprisingly immersive; I found it easy to place myself in the mental and emotional space of the protagonist."
76561198112471721,Recommended,232430,14338201,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,EveRayne,"I thought this game was brilliant, I loved the exploration aspect and how the story unravelled. I would highly recommend this game to a select few ... if you have a coming out story this is probably going to hit home more."
