user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,232790,8907296,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,[AReV]Nomed,"After an overwhelmingly successful Kickstarter campaign, Tim Schafer and his team at Double Fine have decided to return to their roots with their first point-and-click adventure game in over 15 years. Similar to their past projects like Grim Fandango and The Secret of Monkey Island, Broken Age features unforgettable characters, puzzles, unique themes, and plenty of humor.The game centers around two characters each from a drastically different walk of life. One half of the narrative follows Vella, a girl who is to be offered as a sacrifice to an enormous monster known as Mog Chothra. While the other half of the story focuses on a boy named Shay who finds himself trapped on a spaceship under the watchful eye of an overly protective computer that holds him prisoner under the pretense of safety. Both of the characters yearn for change and freedom in their own way. While Vella is surrounded by overly zealous villagers that cling to tradition, Shay is completely isolated and patronized by an overbearing computer as he’s forced to endure the same routine day after day.The puzzles are quite satisfying, they’re not overly complex but they still require some thinking which is a refreshing change from most recent games in the genre. They consist of scouring the environment for various items which can be combined with one another or given to certain characters. The amount of overall polish added to the dialogue is impressive, as you’ll most likely try to use the items in your inventory in clever ways to prompt humorous reactions and responses.The art style is unique and really sets the game apart. While not being overly impressive on a technical level, Broken Age is brimming with personality and has an undeniable charm. The game feels like a children’s book come to life but the underlying themes and subtle humor make it appealing to players of all ages. The environments are varied and interesting to look at while the characters are all quite memorable.Sporting an all-star cast, the voice acting is top notch which brings each of the characters to life with standout performances from Elijah Wood as Shay and Jennifer Hale best known for her work on Mass Effect (Femshep) as the megalomaniacal computer. The soundtrack is also well done, fitting the mood and atmosphere of the game perfectly.Unfortunately, the game is quite linear and doesn’t really offer much in terms of re-playability. The different dialogue options add a bit of humor but have little to no impact on the story. For example: choosing to lie to certain characters won’t change the way they perceive you and will have the same effect as telling the truth.Act one is also fairly short, lasting around 4 hours and it ends with a bit of a cliffhanger which will leave you anxiously waiting for Act two. Broken Age probably would have benefited from being released all at once but Act two is promised at no additional cost at a later date.Overall, Broken Age is a charming game with a strong narrative, great humor and memorable characters. It’s proof that there is still room for creativity and innovation amidst the slew of modern action titles. Broken Age not only revives the point and click genre, it helps redefine it.TLDR? This review is also available in video format:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kNp4HjhyQYPros:+ Strong Narrative+ Solid Voice Acting+ Great Sense of Humor+ Reasonable Puzzles+ Fantastic Art Direction+ Charming and UniqueCons:- Cliffhanger Ending- Short Length (3 - 4 hours long)- Linear- Dialogue Options have little influence on the story.If you enjoyed this review, feel free to follow me as a Steam Curator:http://store.steampowered.com/curator/4886473/"
,Not Recommended,232790,18464989,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,TehStoneMan,"This is a game in two parts, and unfortunately, I have to review it is such.I can sum up part one in one word: Brilliant!Here we have two characters in two seemingly unrelated situations. One has been chosen as a human sacrifice to a monster that has been terrorising the local villages for generations, the other is alone on a deep-space exploration vessel. You, as the player, have to guide these two through their own stories of ""escape"".I found the story interesting, and then when the two characters briefly meet, then abruptly change places...On to part two, and in a word: Disapointing.After months of waiting, we get this lacklustre, almost generic point-and-click game that relies more on player knowlege than imersion in the story. I got stuck on several puzzles, only to discover that the solution requires finding something AS THE OTHER CHARACTER, totally destroying any immersion that I may have still had, and dumping me into the mode of ""player behind the keyboard"" instead.And then, when the final solution required co-ordinating the actions of both characters at the same time, without either character even knowing what the other is doing, well, I guess that's the ""Broken"" part of Broken Age.While I would like to recomend this game based on the first part, I just can't. Sorry."
,Not Recommended,232790,15605577,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,kanna.dono,"While Act 1 was wonderful, I feel like the game just fell apart in Act 2.  There's a feeling of it having been rushed, and so many details you'd expect to have been finessed over the long wait for Act 2 are just glossed over.  Yes, the game is finally complete, but Act 1 was far better written in terms of story telling.  Having completed the game at long last, I'm sad to say I didn't enjoy Act 2 as much as I did Act 1, and to that point, the game is just...meh.  There's just no sense of accomplishment when all is over.It really does seem like everything that was hyped up just falls apart at the end.  Sorry to everyone who was as dissapointed as I was."
,Not Recommended,232790,15613837,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Palin Freeborn,"Quick disclaimer for this review: I have 9.6 hours on record for this game, but the time played for the game is actually half of that (at around 5 hours), as I revisited the game to replay the first part and screw around for achievements, before giving up entirely. I've included some spoilers for the game under warning. Be aware of it if you don't want spoilers.Having that said: It is now three years later. The Double Fine Adventure kickstarter asked for $400,000 to make this game and they were given $3.45 million to do it. Double Fine, rather than budgeting themselves to stay within that target, sold the first half of the game on Steam so they could raise money for the second half. They already had more money than they needed, but they still sold a half-finished game to bring in more funds, bringing up to around the $4 million mark. It also took them over a year to release the second installment of the game.Broken Age is like eating a beautiful, delicious cake, and finding out that Double Fine saved money on frosting by using leftover spackle. Then you have to watch Double Fine eating better, more edible cake, bought with your money.ART:The game itself is, admittedly, gorgeous. The art style and animations are very well done. The voice over talent, too, is pretty decent. I'm tired of hearing Wil Wheaton drone his way through video games, but Pendleton Ward and Jennifer Hale are welcome sounds for your ear-drums. That's where the general positivity ends.STORY:The story is abysmal. You play as two characters, Shay and Vella. Shay is trapped on a spaceship under a domineering, overly-loving computer named MOM, with basically no life. Vella is about to be sacrificed to the Lovecraftian ""Mog Chothra"" monster because ""tradition."" You control each character in turn, and can switch between either, but they're both sectioned off and unrelated adventures for the most part. In Act 1, the game does a pretty decent job of setting up mysteries: What is Mog Chothra? Who is Marek the Wolf? Why is the ship's computer, MOM, so seemingly hell-bent on imprisoning Shay? Who is the mysterious man in the DeadEye Mountain and how does he have technology like we see on Shay's ship? Why are we still pretending Wil Wheaton has a career in acting when he only ever plays himself with a beard?In Act 2, these questions are swept under a rug quickly. Players are plied with half-hearted exposition, contrived answers, and massive plot holes that are never filled. Characters from the first game are given completely different rules and motivations than before, but offer no explanation for their behavior change. Shay is useless in the grand scheme of the game, and affects NOTHING of the outcome, when you get right down to it. Acts 1 and 2 favor Vella heavily as the ""get♥♥♥♥♥♥done"" protagonist and she gets most of the interesting story as a result. Getting into spoiler territory below.***SPOILERS***The portrayal of the characters is severely infuriating, too. Shay is a poor protagonist, especially in light of Vella's achievements throughout the game. Shay affects almost nothing story-wise and, in some cases, actually causes problems for Vella as a result of his actions. He is infantilized, both by his overbearing mother and his reliance on child toys for assistance. At one point in Act 2, he is actually, literally replaced by a blow-up doll, while other characters comment on how useless he is. Vella, by contrast, is smart, capable, solves most of the game's big puzzles, directly fights the game's main enemies, and we are told explicitly that she is the most important character in the game because her blood is coveted by the enemies.The enemies of Broken Age are introduced in the last hour of the game (if you complete Shay's half of Act 2 first) and they barely make an appearance until the last 15 minutes. They are cadaver-white, mutated humans, that have been using eugenics to ""purify"" themselves and they use the Mog Chothra ships to secure targets for eugenics testing or something. The game kind of skips over most of the exposition when it comes to their history, character, and motivations, confining it all to a single conversation with Vella before she fission bombs them back to the stone age.The end result is that Shay is a useless boy, easily replaced, and isn't capable of resolving issues without his child toys. Vella is a strong black girl using death lasers and nuclear bombs to take on the (essentially) Aryan Establishment, who desperately want her blood so they can fix their failing genetic structure. The game ends when Vella melts both Mog Chothra ships together into a literal bridge between the ""normal"" world and the Plague Dam, offering no further information about what the characters do, or how the story ends.***SPOILERS***If I wasn't so aware of Tim Schafer's personal politics, I'd almost assume it's unintentional, but it comes off as preachy, pretentious, and frustratingly lackluster.GAMEPLAY:The place where this game truly, truly fails... is the game-play. That's a cardinal sin in gaming.Some of the puzzles for Broken Age are clever. They remind me of old-school gaming, where the solutions to problems generally involved the inventive use of a otherwise off-the-wall item to resolve issues. In the entirity of Broken Age, I'd say there's about a dozen examples of this and it works well for the game. The problem is the other several dozen puzzles, which are not intuitive, inventive, or explained. I'm going to save you all time right now and tell you that one of the puzzles in Act 2, regarding a Boa Constrictor, requires that you stop playing the game for three minutes and wait. The game does not tell you this and does not give an immediate or clear indication that the you should wait. It's not explained before this that the snake will get tired and fall off so you can collect him. It was only after getting frustrated and looking up what to do with the snake that I, and my friends, realized you had to stop playing the game for a few minutes to progress in it. Another cardinal sin.The WORST PUZZLE IN THE GAME is a wiring puzzle, in which you have to rewire helper robots to perform different functions. This isn't easily explained, the instructions aren't listed in a spot that is easily accessed, and even then, they're not marked as instructions on how to fix up the robot. You have to perform this puzzle at least 5 TIMES, although that number skyrockets if you don't know what you're doing, and the answer is ALWAYS randomized, so you can't just look it up. Trying to figure out this rewiring puzzle easily took up over 45 minutes of my time before the game gave me a hint that the answer was somewhere in Vella's half of Act 2. It was another hour before I found the instructions and realized what they were for. The fact that I had to perform the rewiring puzzle another 4 times after this, for different robot ""modes"", was just lazy and not fun in the slightest.The rest of the puzzles in the game either had really boring solutions (like raising/lowering the pH of a mixture, which was more time-consuming than difficult), or they were just run-of-the-mill item fetch quests for things that shouldn't be issues. Shay has a cupcake, at one point, with icing on it and you need to take the icing off, but Shay refuses to just take the icing off. Why the hell is this even an problem!?SUMMARY:This is a gorgeous game beset by a lot of gameplay and story issues. Double Fine CLEARLY rushed through development on Act 2 and it shows. There are massive plotholes, the game has no real ending, and the puzzles they set up are lazy in Act 2. The fact that Tim Schafer says this game is a success and he plans to do another kickstarter is reason enough not to support this game, especially after the SpaceBase debacle.TL;DR:Game is pretty, but dumb and not fun at some parts. Save your money, buy a better adventure game."
,Not Recommended,232790,16500399,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,chelhet,"I loved Act 1, but Act 2 really fell flat. Confusing puzzles and an underwhelming story. It feels like Double Fine spent too much time on creating a beautiful looking game, and not enough time on story and gameplay mechanics. What a let down."
76561197984833183,Not Recommended,232790,18056157,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,neclon,"Act 2 of this game is pathetic.  The puzzles were not puzzles so much as arbitrary things loosely linked and generally only discovered through pure trial and error.  My guess is 80% of the people out there will just read a walkthrough.  When you read a walkthrough for a good puzzle, you see the answer and think: ""I could have figured that out, now that I see what I missed."" No, almost every one of the puzzles in Act 2, I thought: ""Wow, that was stupid.  No one would figure this out without pure luck or outside guidance.""In addition to that, the story and background are flat.  They just reused most of what was in the first Act, scattered some arbitrary and poorly thought out puzzles around, and called it a day.  The 2nd half of this game takes  a 5 star first half and makes the whole thing 2, maybe 2.5 stars at best.  You can't produce trash in the conclusion of your game without ruining the whole thing.  What a waste."
,Not Recommended,232790,17056561,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,pirate boi lim,"Act 1 felt like it was leading up to something interesting, unfortunately it doesnt.A lot of the puzzles in this game are incredibly unintuative, i really doubt anyone has finished this without looking anything up. There is one puzzle in particular involving a snake fairly early on in act 2 which involves logic completely counter to what the game was teaching the player up until then.The art/music is ok and the story is mediocre."
,Not Recommended,232790,10758435,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Lindorne,"The game was fun and one of my favorite point and clicks I had played in a while; however, the first act is incredible short, only taking me around 3 hours. Act II has yet to be released and, at this point, I cannot, in good faith, recommend buying this short act. If you wish to play the first act now, have more than enough money now, and believe you can wait for the second act then buy it."
76561197998876324,Not Recommended,232790,11060730,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Billy Mays,"I enjoyed Act I very much.  However, it was too short to warrant paying $25.  I completed this in four hours.  Maybe once Act II comes out it will be worth it, but as of right now, I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,232790,15651917,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Poison,"Having just beaten both acts, had I been a backer I would have only one thing on my mind: asking some very♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off questions. Where did all the money go? Why did such a short game take so damn long to make? Who thought taking input between acts was a good idea? And why should I ever consider giving money to Double Fine again?The third question in particular is the one that drives me up the wall. The first act wasn't very difficult in terms of puzzle design, and it's pretty clear DF listened to the backers between acts on this one. But not in the good way. The first act WAS too easy, but act two has some puzzles based on random seeds and a completely unintuative design. That's when the logic behind them doesn't mirror the leaps in logic found in Sierra's old point and click adventures, they're completely bizarre to the point of frustration.If you really must play this, do not pay full price, it will not last you more than 6 hours and lacks any replay value with the characters being mostly uninteresting on the whole. (Barring Vella, who was at least pretty well done) I may not have backed this, but I wanted it to be good. Seems I made the right decision in not doing so, I would be far more upset."
76561197970476762,Not Recommended,232790,15608080,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Dracology,"A very pretty game but one that doesn't really merit a purchase or the whole debacle that has been it's development.Two kickstarters and several years in the making, Double Fine finally finished Broken Age after splitting it into two development cycles.The first half of the game could be finished in 2 hours without much issue. The 2nd half was dragged out by really un-intuitive puzzles that seemed only to exist because people compained how easy Part 1 was. The solution they had was to require some rediculous trial and error and puzzles that had their solutions hidden in the other persons section of the game.   sometimes the thing you needed to interact with really required almost no logical sense at all and had almost zero evidence pointing towards it that I can tell. I suppose this is true to old point and click adventure games, but that kind of logic probably was best left in the ancient era of Sierra games.To re-interate how messy and nonsense the puzzles are in this game at one point you have to put a character in danger with very little hint that this is a thing you need to do. You have to do it for a while and even the character starts to discourage you towards the end, saying its time to stop. But if you stop you don't solve the puzzle, so you have to ignore common sense and everything the world and characters are telling you.The characters constantly have to rely on knowledge they don't have and brush it off as ""instict"" that they figured it out after you found teh answer in the other persons story line. Sometimes you even have to do things that are presented as counter productive or perhaps make no real sense to do other than that you, as the player, are aware it needs to be done. And I don't mean stand on a pressure plate or pull a leaver. For a fictional example pretend a character of yours needs to stick a fork in a light socket to knock out the power. They as a character don't know hey need to do this. you as a player know that it will unlock a door down the block, but the character in this fictional example  just sticks the fork in there and knocks themself out in the process 'because reasons'. They have no reason to want to do it, and its presented as being detrimental, but you know better. Maybe.The truth is there isn't much to this game. It has some funny dialog but even that is in short supply, if you were hoping for Tim Schafer's prime material then this isn't it. Plotwise it's a mess. At one point a character actually brushes off a major plot relevation as ""oh yeah, I think i knew that but I kinda forgot"" They have to have forgotten for it to work out as a big reveal to you, but then it's immediately deflated by the presenting it as your character just being that dumb they somehow forgot about this.The game being made in two parts will also be quite obvious as it is a glarring jagged scar in terms of gameplay. You will breeze through the first half, then have the second driving you crazy. The final puzzle in the game requires you to do everything perfectly or it all resets back even further than it needed too, and in reality there is no reason it needed to reset at all other than to pad out the game time.As for the ending, with no spoilers, this game has no real ending. It just kind of stops. You solve an annoying puzzle, there is a cutscene which tries to be epic but in the end it just does.. nothing. You accomplish nothing, you resolve nothing, you get no reward, no explination, and no resolution. It just ends. It might as well just pop a link to another kickstarter page saying ""Yeah we ran out of money again, plz donate"" Because honestly it feels like they burned through their cash and decided they had to just end it there. NO ENDING FOR YOU.All in all if you already owned the first half, well you have the game already, if you were waiting for both halves to come out before buying, I can't recommend it."
76561198055222844,Not Recommended,232790,16464112,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Mega_Pixels,"Doesn't have the same charm as Grim Fandango, especially in Act II. Entertaining but forgettable."
,Not Recommended,232790,11049885,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Tofke,"Well this game was a disappointment for me. I love 'Schafer' games, but this didn't entertain me as much as the others. The humor was so so, it gave a few chuckles, but I'm used of more.The story wasn't engaging me, there were a lot of times I felt boredom due to puzzles being simplistic, the limited world the game has to offer didn't do it just justice either. Sure everything is cuddly and cute, but that didn't save it for me.A lot of people were very positive towards this game and I feel let down. Wondering if that was more about it being Double Fine rather than a reflection of the actual game.It's not a bad game however, I would rate it as mediocre and I don't think Act II will save this for me.So, nope... in the end I wouldn't recommend it and definitely not at its full price for what little game you get."
76561198092574933,Not Recommended,232790,11198373,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,botfleisch,"Fiasco. The game it's even not complete; seems the missing part comes in a few months, something I didn't realize at time to buy (make bigger warnings, come on!).When I bought it I though it would be a great graphic adventure like in the old times. But actually it has no emotion, perhaps for a 12 year old who has been its whole life in a cave it may be emotionant.In the other hand, quality of designs, music and production is great. Just missing the fun, emotion and challenges."
,Not Recommended,232790,15693489,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Howly Hadouken,"I loved, absolutely adored the first half of Broken Age, which is why the second half felt like such a letdown.People keep complaining about the gameplay, and while the first half was really easy, yes, they did hike up the difficulty for the second half.  However, it's honestly no more difficult than the puzzles of old-school adventure games.Really, my problem comes in the form of story.  Tim Schafer is a man I go to for fun worlds and good stories.  Unfortunately, while the world is interesting, we barely learn anything about it, and the story loses all structure after the end of the first act.  Virtually all the fun, interesting themes from the beginning are swept under the rug, and it felt like half of all the mystery was just hand-waved.  I cannot recommend buying this game."
,Not Recommended,232790,15651733,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,katatonicone1,"Great story, characters, audio, and lovely backgrounds all ruined thanks to some mediocre puzzles (especially act 2), which are supposed to make the gameplay longer (I cannot think of any other reason for constant rewiring of little helpers). Great way to ruin fun. Thank you for not respecting my leisure time Double Fine!The Broken Age is not a bad game and I may even say I enjoyed it until some point of Act 2, however, taken in consideration how long I waited for the second part and questionable quality of it in comparison to the first part, it just makes me angry. The strory also had its weak moments. I am sure many adventure gamers are going to enjoy this, but I did not."
,Not Recommended,232790,15668208,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Lycalys,"Act I was very good. I loved the visuals, the music, the voice acting and the characters. I really enjoyed how the game was an allegory for growing up, while also being a fantasy-scifi-mystery at the same time.However it became immediately obvious that greed had poisoned the production of the game. Even with all the excess budget they still managed to run out and, after a hiatus of a year, release a poor conclusion to the game.Act II got absolutely everything except for the visuals and voice acting so wrong. All of the themes and mysteries of the first game were given nonsensical explanations or barely explained at all. The ultimate conclusion of the story is relegated to a series of silhouettes in the background of the credits. The puzzles were not fun to solve, and are never explained.All in all, it was a very promising game that failed to deliver anything other than disappointment. I just hope that in the future, we can forget about this tragedy and remember games such as Pillars of Eternity and Divinity: Original Sin as the shining examples of what crowdfunding can do."
,Not Recommended,232790,15606091,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,cjstephe278,"Wow...just finished ACT 2, and what a let down. Don't get me wrong, everything was going great until the end. Or, rather, the total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t non-ending.Imagine any hero story where the hero first meets the villain, is captured, and escapes, but instead of the villain pursuing or going on the offensive or the hero doing anything in response to almost being murdered, the credits just roll right there.Really Tim Schafer? You're going to non-chalantly drop a bombshell that one of the main character's family members was actually a traitor and that the villain is a group of genetically self-modified super mutants and that have been harvesting young girls (which, though the game itself points out as sexist and stupid, never gives any real answer for). And, after their targets escape their evil city (which you never visit), they just give up and accept the people they've been subjugating for hundreds of years.Really!!!TOTAL ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T ENDING!!If there were plans for an act 3, I'd quickly say, ""Wow, what a cliff-hangar?"", but no, everything builds up and just stops on a dime.The final screen may as well just be a group picture of the DEV team shrugging, ""Whoops, ran out of money. Maybe we shouldn't have spent it on giving every utensil star voice talent, and more on quality writing."""
76561198049109075,Not Recommended,232790,15708231,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Moochmutts,"I thoroughly enjoyed Act 1 and was really excited for Act 2 to be released- I must have checked at least weekly to see when it was coming out. I can't really say much here that you won't find in other reviews. Clearly there are a lot of feelings about the politics of development that resonate through a lot of people's reviews here. I can't say I was really affected by that. But I can share some of my feelings about my experience of the game as a puzzle adventure, and that'll be that.I won't get into any details really but just say that Act 2 had certain puzzles that made me feel like I was having a joke played on me. Certain puzzles require a few steps to set up and when you get the final piece incorrect, everything unravels and you have to start over. That's to be expected in a videogame of course (I remember saving a game at a point in King's Quest 6 where I literally had to restart the entire adventure because I had missed an item along the way), and I'm no stranger to having my house of cards crash down around me.But in this game I couldn't forgive the break of immersion that followed in those times, and that mostly had to do with the voiceovers and cutscenes. I really struggled with the choice to either 1) listen to the same phrases and watch the same cutscenes for the 5th or 6th time, or 2) skip quickly through the cutscenes and break myself out of the beautiful strange world I was in, while still being offput by the tedium that sometimes developed.I'll just end with this- I sort of wish they had never released Act 2, and instead of feeling disappointed with the complete project, I could have loved the world of Act 1 and agonized over how great Act 2 would have been if they had only been able to release it. So with a heavy heart I can't say I would recommend this game, but if you can get it half price just play Act 1 and revel in the blissful ignorance of the rest of the game."
,Not Recommended,232790,12494503,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,jimmijam,"i just can't recommend this game, its too short, its too easy, and its been way to long since any information has come out about the second part.  This game has such a pretty art style and amazing voice acting and well crafted storys. However, WHERE THE HELL IS THE REST OF THE GAME.  If and when the second act comes out i will change the review to include the rest of the game.  ALSO WHY ARE GAMES THESE DAYS BEING CUT UP AND FORCE FED TO US IN LITTLE FREAKEN PIECES STOP THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥EDIT: 2/3/2015It has now been over one year since this game was released, at this point I don't think I can recommend this game even when the next part comes out.  This could have been such a good game but Double Fine has pulled a bait'en switch, no matter how good the second half of the game is, no matter how long it is, the fact is that Double fine took my money for game that wasn't done and made me wait for a YEAR for any kind of news to come out. NO, COMPLETE YOUR GAME DAMMIT, DON'T EXPECT ME TO BY INTO YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥EXCUSES.Double fine you had the money, you had the fan base, and you didn't deliver.  I can and won't excuse this kind of practices anymore, this review will always be not recommended no matter what. I may not even finish your game because in all honesty I've lost all interst in the story and game."
76561198011233147,Recommended,232790,25943440,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,J3ST3R,"Slightly disappointing.Being a true fan of point 'n' click adventure games since...well... forever, and Tim Schafer being about the closest thing to a god in the game developing world for me, it is almost unbelievable that I haven't played this game before now. I can promise that I was totally hyped about this game ever since I first heard about it when it launched on Kickstarter. Even more hyped when it broke records with funding and seemed to be an extended experience. I truly expected an epic masterpiece. A true adventure of old in new packing.Somehow I lost the hype over time, and after reading mixed reviews and critics about the business practice of Double Fine, I ended up just postponing playing the game at all. Finally I got around to it and have just played through it, and now I'm just...well... slightly disappointed.Don't get me wrong. There is lots of things to like in this game. The initial setup is creative and intriguing. From the very start I found myself asking questions about how these seperated stories were connected, and how they would conclude in the end. There were surprises and creative ways the story twisted itself throughout the game. But in the end it just felt that it was cut short. Many questions left unanswered and unsatisfying ""conclusion"".The art style was fully ok, but in my opinion it was not that great. Yet, I respect developers that dare creating something new and different approaches. Some might appreciate the art style much more than me.The dialogue and voice acting can only be praised. Tim Schafer never fails in his clever and humoristic approach to dialogue. It fits my humor to a tee, and is easily comparable to previous games he has been involved in. With actors like Elijah Wood, Jack Black, Jennifer Hale and Wil Wheaton and a team of very talented voice actors it does not fail to impress. Especially Wil Wheaton should consider to do this more often as he has a very good voice for this sort of thing.The gameplay itself varies. It has its remarkable puzzles with some mindbending solutions mixed in with some rather strange approaches to puzzle solving. Everything from the traditional backtracking to progress, typical inventory puzzles to some new odd, and mostly unexplained or poorly introduced puzzles. A rather mixed bowl of rice in other words.All in all I don't feel that it amounted to anything but a mediocre game, especially considering the track record of the brain behind this. The game has been on some great sales, in bundles and even came free with Playstation Plus, so I assume most people fans of the genre has already picked it up, but if you haven't you can be assured that you can great deals on this game in the future as well, so wait to get it until then at least. I do not feel that it is worth a full price.I just barely recommend this game, as it is recommended for fans of point 'n' click and traditional adventure games. It is likely that you would enjoy enough of this game for it to be worth your while.I give it a 6/10 ratingRemember that this review is my personal opinion and yours might vary from that. I know many that adores this game. Check out several reviews if you are in doubt of playing it.Happy GamingTJ"
,Not Recommended,232790,12468099,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,David,"I wanted to like this game. But for the price, it was way too short. If your considering buying it, wait for the second act."
,Not Recommended,232790,15759961,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Akka,"Nearly every review I've read includes a huge list of problems. I'd like to point out a unique perspective in addition to the glaring issues this game presents.Broken Age and Mighty Number Nine are the reasons I refuse to subsidize another kickstarter ever again. Yuuka-Laylee would have more money if this game weren't so terrible. The game is so bad that it's hampering completely unrelated games.Not even Goat Simulator, a game that I honestly enjoyed, played longer, paid less money for and used less than 3 million dollars to create is taking money away from other prospective developers. Broken Age is empirically worse than Goat Simulator."
76561198051256544,Not Recommended,232790,11008056,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,pancakes,"I got this game because of the incredible reviews it got, but to be honest its more of a long boring movie than a game. The game is 100% dialogue... The problem is the game doesnt seem to offer much choice in what you do. Well you do have choices, but no matter what choice you make the end result is the same. Very dissapointed."
76561198004493597,Not Recommended,232790,8966248,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Wolves,"I purchased this game based on certain positive reviews.“Act 1 of Broken Age is a gorgeous, impeccably written adventure that simultaneously tugs at my nostalgic core, while ushering in a new era for the point-and-click genre.”9.5 – IGN“I haven’t felt this surge of nostalgia and excitement about a game in a long time, and I truly think Broken Age will be looked back fondly as one of the greats.”9.5 – DestructoidHaving beaten it in roughly 4 hours, I have to ask: Was I playing the same game?Nostolgia?New Era for Point and Click?The Greats?This game offers nothing to the genre. The Greats had action menus. large explorable worlds, plenty of red herrings (both as objects and characters), along with memorable personalities and dialogue. Broken Age has none of this. Instead, interctive action menus have been replaced by a single mouse cursor which works for all Look\Interact\Pick Up type activities. Clicking on a piece of the world causes the character to simply interact with it in only one way.The puzzles are laughable. Some of them literally require nothing more than getting to the end of a dialogue tree.I suggest you all save your money and wait for a real adventure game."
,Not Recommended,232790,15828664,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Moralio,"One of the biggest Kickstarter projects ever, developed by legendary Tim Shafer is sadly, one of the biggest gaming let downs I experienced in recent years.While Act1 of this P&C adventure was fun, enjoyable, nostalgic ride with balanced difficulty and amazing story potential, Act2 feels rushed and unfinished. As Vella and Shay you revisit same exact locations as in part one, to do some of the most annoying puzzles I had the displeasure of solving. That was a throwback to ""good old days"" I did not expect.What caught me by surprise is how all character development from Act1 was seemingly replaced by almost nothing at all. Have you ever wondered how Vella's rebellion against decades-old traditions will resolve? How will her family and whole community of Sugar Bunting will react once she returns? Perhaps you wanted to know if Shay will manage to break free from his patronising prison? Being so used to infantile challenges how will he cope with harsh reality? Well, you certainly won't get the satisfying answers here. Broken Age just suddenly stops being a game that explores the themes of adolescence in unusual situations and complexities of being a teenager and becomes convoluted mess that pulls out plot points from nowhere.Can't recommend at this price. Not a bad game, but very disappointing one."
,Not Recommended,232790,9985040,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,once-returner,"This would be better as a short film, in my opinion. In the time I played, I found the story to be incredibly linear with little choices to be made and I felt like I was simply ""clicking along"" while solving rudimentary puzzles.That being said, the art and sound were both fantastic. Props for creativity."
,Not Recommended,232790,15782403,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Phantisma -ßЯҢ-,"Awful mess. Just awful.I wish I could praise this game I really do. It's just not possible. I even held out judgement until the second act was released.I could argue for the antiquated mechanics but still it's that one puzzle whe Shea needs to program a robot, and the robot's programming uses shapes seen all across his own ship. So as vella you explore his ship for some kind of robot programming clue and nothing. Then once you spend 2 hours and give up and cheat do they say ""Oh on the blackboard of the picture with Shae with his mom is a small image of the pattern you need"" That alone made this a terrible experience because that is the second of Shae's puzzles and the rest of his are in the same vein where they simply expect you to just figure these things out through complete nonsense backwards logic.I don't mind fetch quests, and having to try multiple times, and even having to pay attention to obscure clues. (One of my favorite games is Myst.) But if you're going to decide that the player now needs to keep a collection of screenshots half a gig large just to solve your games puzzles then ef you. You don't deserve to make games. That is too much useless work and my comp notebook of Riven notes agrees too."
,Not Recommended,232790,15616502,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Pfhor,"The first 4 or so hours (the first episode) of this game seem like a well paced adventure game, then everything sorta drags in the rest of it. The game has some great characters and a interesting setting, but the a very sparse number of environment and lack of scope really hinder the ""adventure"" aspect of this game. The puzzles are about on the tedious level of old adventure games, but a lack of space between them really makes the game feel more like work, and the narrative payoff really isn't that great at the end. Those great characters and setting feel underused when the game finishes."
,Not Recommended,232790,15783019,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Nolan,"The puzzles in act 2 especially were so poorly done. Why on earth would Shay know what Vella is seeing, and vice versa? I was kind of forgiving it while playing because I was under some misplaced impression there might be some sort of connection between the two. That wiring garbage, character switching, and constant backtracking absolutely halted the progression of the game and cheaply inflated the playtime and frustration levels.Vella's voice acting, and Vella's mother and father felt wholly unmotivated and sleepy. The ending was too abrupt, and explained nothing. It honestly felt like there should have been an act 3 that got completely cut.SUPER bummed with Act 2 after such a strong setup from act 1. Wait until you are super bored and it has hit the cheapest of bargain bins if you are feeling curious about this one, and even then only if you can forgive some truly tedious puzzle design that is totally unintuitive, and random so guides are of no help. Like each player gets their own little unique slice of hell to suffer through to earn having nothing explained to you at the end."
,Recommended,232790,9390807,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,BelLocke,"I heard a lot of good things about this game after it was released, and I gotta say that it really lives up to the hype.The art style is fantastic and justifies the price point all on its own, in my opinion.  There were so many points where I found myself sitting back for a moment and just admiring the character designs and scenery.  In addition, the voices suited each character, and obviously, the celebrity cameos were well-done and a joy to behold - not to mention the soundtrack.  I'm so glad I snatched up the OST when I bought this!  :PMoving on to story, I really enjoyed both Vella and Shay's respective storylines.  Vella's was really unnerving with the way other characters seemed to feel about the current state of the world (except for her grandfather, of course), and Shay, well...  I didn't expect any of that.  The end of Act 1 actually really surprised me, and I'm itching to play Act 2 now.That's really the only downside to this game: the length.  I knew it would be short, but after getting into the story so much, I'm just sad that I have to wait to find out more.  If anything though, it just goes to show how well this game has been executed.  I'd definitely recommend giving it a try."
,Recommended,232790,9225417,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,CitizenErased,"Time for another review from me! So, here is Broken Age -- Tim Schäfer's first true Point n' Click adventure since Grim Fandango. It's been a while but it's amazing to see him return to the form. This is his hometurf and what he does best. But does it hold up to his usual standard. I'd certainly say so. Now some may say that the game's puzzles (which adventure games are so famous for) are fairly straigtforward. To a degree, they are, but I found myself thinking a bit every now and then.Disregarding all that  -- The comedy and charm is as strong as ever -- You play as 2 characters this time, in 2 different settings, but both of them are related to the other in some way, which you'll discover as you play. First of we got Mr. Frodo, going by the name of Shay, who's a rather ordinary teenage boy, trapped in what most 10-12 year old boys might consider a Utopia, but Shay considers it a dull routine of nightmarish proportions.. because everything is done for you (You know, like how the gaming industry of today is -- Hurr, hurr) or in other words, just dull (like how we all felt during our mid-teens). Shay gets to live in futuristic space-ship, alongside an overprotective AI Motherbrain, who sees to his every needs (Feeding him with a spoon, tucking him in bed, turn every day adventure into easy mode --lol--). His life is basically devoid of excitement in an otherwise adventurous-looking setting --  Shay, getting bored of this ridiculous pretense, decides to flee from it, and accept an invitation from an ominous looking wolf-dressed man named Marek, ready to show him the true hardships of life and how sucky it can be sometimes. Meanwhile in a rural village is our other protagonist, Villa, who's just about ready for the traditional Maiden's Feast, involving her getting eaten by a Lovecraftian monstrosity. Neat.In true Tim Schäfer style, all of the characters feel and act rather mundane but to an absurd degree. They all seem to think of the Maiden's Feast as an exciting celebration, like it was Christmas, despite it revolving around sacrificing innocent girls to be eaten by a cosmic monstrosity. Villa being the protagonist, asks what we are all thinking.. ""Why the bleeding hell don't we just kill the damn thing?"". But no, that would be going against a tradition that no one seems to bother changing because new things are scary, just like in real life -- And there you got it.So as the tentacle beast devours the Maidens, Villa being the only rational human being left, decides to flee and learn how to kill the monster and save her village. It doesn't take long 'till Villa comes across an array of interesting caricatures, whom she has to help in order to proceed -- Among my favorites is the rather 'baked' lumberjack fellow named Curtis & the leader of the Cloud society, Meriloft, voiced by Jack Black.True to its adventure roots, the game has various interpretations of keys for various interpretations of doors, which the player has to figure out in order to proceed. The puzzles are definitely still there but they are not at the league of more complex puzzles like that of the Silent Hill 2-3 games or older Schäfer adventures. What really sells this game is the humor, the characters, the artwork and especially the music. It's all very, very, gorgeous and this is how Adventure games are done -- Where Schäfer shines and Telltale does not. It's recommended to do Shay's story first, then finish it with Villa since her story is a bit longer. An actual negative I can give about the game is the fact that what you're getting isn't the whole game -- Act 2 is still in the making, but it'll be for free whenever, and thus obviously the game ends on a cliff-hanger, but an intriguing one nevertheless. Lastly, I musn't forget.On the audio side you might notice the voicing talents of Jennifer Hale, Will Wheaton, Jack Black (returning from previous Double Fine game Brütal Legend and of course Elijah Wood himself -- Mr. Frodo). All of them do a superb job of enriching the adventure game experience by adding their sharp voices to the humor. Schäfer's voice director has done a splendid job to utilize all of the famous voices correctly. So a thumbs up for that and you'll have to forgive me for not mentioning the other voices, because there are certainly a few noteworthy ones. From a spaceship with talking cutlery, to a cloud society of sky people living with birds -- What you're getting is the Tim Schäfer experience that you'll recognize. So if enjoyed previous Double Fine games or the old LucasArts adventures, then don't cheat yourself out of this experience. While the game isn't complete yet, it is still very much worth it. But it might adviceable to wait a bit before one delves into it when the whole game is complete."
76561198057394325,Not Recommended,232790,15759588,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,crazy_hubble,"How did one of the most successful Kickstarter campaigns of all time turn into this shlop? I am a slow paced gamer. I like to waddle around and smell the pixels. I appreciate the acrylic backgrounds and beautifully voiced characters. This game may be categorized under ""puzzle games,"" but if you play it for the puzzles, you would be far more entertained by Freddie Fish. Rather, this is more like a beautiful children's book about the perils of being a teenager and growing into adulthood-something all of us can relate to (Except bronies. Boom! Shots fired!). Yet, it failed miserably to live up to its potential. Rather than dwelling into the complexities of human emotion, the plotline fell apart like cottage cheese. The player was sent around doing meaningless tasks that did not in any shape, way, or form contribute to either the story or character development. Hastily built plothole bandaids were dumped like so much dog s*** onto the unsuspecting player. Every character's personality was rendered in glorious 2-D. Nobody was the least bit affected by the traumatization that they experienced. No explanation was given concerning the constant breaches of the fourth wall made by the omnipresent player. Needless to say, this was painful to play. My hopes have been dashed, and I am beyond disappointed with how long I waited for this game."
,Not Recommended,232790,15723174,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,NFinET (Owa),"Act 1 is fantastic, but Act 2 takes everything that Act 1 set up and drives it straight into the ground.Characters cease developing, game becomes hours of walking and backtracking and trial and error, with puzzles that border on moon logic being sprinkled about. The ending fails to actually bring ANYTHING in the story to conclusion whatsoever, with Act 2 only adding more gaps in the plot that are never discussed, covered, or concluded in any way shape or form. Some characters even had their personalities from Act 1 negated or ruined.Act 2 ruined this game completely, and it is not worth purchasing whatsoever anymore. Double Fine has fallen far and hard."
,Not Recommended,232790,15862257,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Takwin,"SCORE: 3/10 (points given for art and voice acting only, as gameplay and fun are 0/10)Broken Age was a disaster of a puzzle game and I was so frustrated by the second half. It destroyed any hope of a good game that existed in the first half. THE PUZZLES WERE RIDICULOUS, OBSCURE, UNINTUITIVE, AND JUST TERRIBLY ANNOYING. The three worst puzzles were the all those horrible rewiring and the switching back and forth at the end.This will be my last Double Fine game and has really turned me off to puzzle games in general. They are just not fun anymore. The game was a hot mess in the sense that fresh vomit is. I became increasingly frustrated and disappointed as the game went on."
,Recommended,232790,19148521,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,gwwtbg,"Broken Age is a beautifully crafted experience that is unfortunately somewhat marred by the dramatic increase in puzzle difficulty in the second part of the game which comes too suddenly and will therefore likely take players off guard.The game follows two separate coming-of-age stories, one centred on the boy Shay and the other on the girl Vella – the two live in different worlds but find out that their lives are intertwined in a surprising way.Broken Age was clearly crafted with a lot of love and care, and the production quality is outstanding. The writing is great, the voice acting is exemplary and the art is simply gorgeous. The  game looks hand-painted and it is clear that a lot of effort went into making it look beautiful and feel unique. The game's world is not all that big, but every location is different and new, and there are many interesting characters. One of the protagonists, Shay, is voiced by Elijah Wood, who is apparently a big fan of adventure games and asked if he could be involved in the project. Some other famous names are in the game as well: Jack Black does a great job voicing the cult leader H'rmony, Will Wheaton appears as a lumberjack afraid of trees, while the amazing Jennifer Hale (voice of FemShep in Mass Effect) is present as the ship's Mom computer.The writing might be my favourite part of the game, the dialogue is really well written and frequently contains a lot of humour, like the lines Vella delivers to make a tree vomit, practically anything involving Shay's yarn pals, or the responses from Shay's talking utensils.It is a really great game in many aspects.However, Broken Age also has one (pretty big) problem, which players who played the game upon completion, as opposed to playing Act 1 first and then Act 2 a year later, might have felt more acutely: the puzzles in the second part of the game are much more complex and difficult to figure out. What started as very much a casual experience – the puzzles in the first half of the game are most of the time quite simple to figure out – suddenly turns into something much more challenging and different from what came before.Broken Age was originally released in two parts, with over a year between the release of the first part and the release of the complete game. In the documentary about the making of the game,* it is clear that the developers felt that they should make the puzzles in Act 2 more difficult because players would have learned from the puzzles in Act 1 and would expect a greater challenge in Act 2. However, playing through the game as a whole, the sudden spike in difficulty halfway through feels like it came out of nowhere and takes the player by surprise. It is something that makes the experience feel disjointed, since the entire first half of the game sets the player up for a specific kind of experience which is then pretty radically changed.The puzzles in the second half are not impossible; some of them might try the player's patience but for the most part they are well thought out. However, they will require the player to rethink how they approach them halfway through the game and that switch might be somewhat jarring for some, or even annoying if a casual experience was one of the things that drew them to the game. On the other hand, some players will probably welcome the more challenging puzzles of the second part, feeling that it is the puzzle experience they were looking for.*The documentary is called Double Fine Adventure and is available in its entirety on Double Fine's YouTube page. It consists of 20 episodes and follows the entire development cycle of the game, from the Kickstarter in 2012 to the game's completion in 2015. If you are even remotely interested in how games are developed, I strongly urge you to watch the documentary because it is incredibly insightful."
,Not Recommended,232790,18343781,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Jess,"The ""TL; DR"" Version:  don't bother buying and playing, just watch the playthrough on Youtube and only buy the soundtrack.The ""I have time to read"" version:I ended up being so unhappy with this game.  The first half was GREAT!  A lot of fun, challenging, and had hilarious dialogue.  The second half, however, was HORRIBLE!All of that work for nearly impossible tasks, extremely convoluted and ""what the bleep was that?!"" solutions, and characters that didn't grow or change.  Not to mention that it was quite late in being released.Tim Schaffer comes up with some awesome ideas, some of them successful, like the amazing Psychonauts, Stacked and Costume Quest games.  Brutal Legend had a fantastic storyline and the greatest car playlist I have ever heard, but really bad battle dynamics.This game though...poorly thought out, frustrating as all get-out and not worth your time.  The villian made no sense; he was like Don John in ""Much Ado About Nothing"": a bad guy just to be a bad guy, no other reason.  I ended up giving up on the second half of the game and watching a Youtube walktrhough and found THAT disappointing.It felt like such a rip-off; I am so glad that I didn't back this game or else I'd be a heck of a lot meaner than this!  Schaffer needs to be just an ideas man, pitching them to the big companies, and let other people develop them for him.  In my own personal opinion, it was a huge bust and I regret buying the game."
76561198049534582,Recommended,232790,10917338,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,PrncessNectarine,"All around a beautiful, well thought out, and lushly imagined game with a huge dash of humor. It is a classic point and click, but with a better visual feel than many point and clicks, and a fantastic ending. Very much looking forward to Part 2!"
,Not Recommended,232790,18318167,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Carbon,"Given how long it took them to make Act 2, you think they would have remembered to make it fun or engaging. Alas, they took the premise of Act 1 and crapped all over it, substituting plot, character development and appeal for too-hard puzzles. Done properly, completing said puzzles should have felt rewarding and engaging, instead it's 'thank god that's over with'. The story tries to answer everything by answering nothing and all you're left with at the end is a feeling of 'that's it?'"
76561197979521147,Not Recommended,232790,25457709,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,jmsmith4,"I am with many others: first half is amazing, second half is awful.  In the end, I cannot recommend it."
,Recommended,232790,17644249,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Super Shark Face,"Very enjoyable.  I enjoyed the story in Act One more than the story in Act Two (though the dialogue in both parts was quirky and great), but the puzzles were more challenging and interesting in Act Two.  If you like point n' clicks, you'll probably like this."
76561198071390745,Not Recommended,232790,14811815,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Kat,"Overall, both acts of Broken Age left me disappointed. One might say, a double failed adventure.The game has some things that work well, like the animation, the graphics and everything audio.For those wondering where the multi million budgetdisappeared, I assume the famous voiceovers are partialy to blame. Is Jack Black's or Elijah Wood's voices essential to the enjoyment of this game? Not when it comes at the expense of the actual gameplay.I've read on the forums some complaints about the difficulty of the puzzles. As a longtime adventure point and click aficionada, I thought they were of medium difficulty and if you really took the time to look for the solution, you would eventually find it (with one or two exceptions - like the wire puzzle). The main problem of the game is that it is tedious. The characters and the story are very unidimensional, there is no real substance, no nuances to them and the puzzles are there only so that you have something to do towards ending the game. There are so many loose ends, so many missed opportunities, you can only wonder how much thought they actually put in the game. In the end, you don't really care about any of the characters, you're glad it's over.The cherry on top, after two years of waiting for a full game, you get an incomplete ending that seems to suggest there will be a third act. I see that as a slap in the face of everybody who ever payed for this game.I left my original review at the bottom part of this comment.First of all, cannot believe they still haven't released the second part yet.  They could have delivered a full game only on the money they got from Kickstarter. Yes, the graphics are nice but other developers deliver similar or even better animations on less than half of that budget.Regarding the story: at first, I felt it had a lot of potential, but it turned out to be pretty dull. The characters are not interesting and the puzzles are uninspired. I cannot fully rate it, because I could only play half of it, but I definitely put a pin in this game creator.There are other lesser known but better games out there like The Chronicles of Zerzura, the Chains of Satinav etc"
76561198040907238,Not Recommended,232790,15603956,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Bmw5234,"I wish I could recommend this game, really.However, after a long wait for its second half I find it hard to say the wait was worth it. The game still looks good and is nicely voice acted, but the story just ends up having a conclusion that leaves far too many things open ended. And in this sort of game the writing is the ""make or break"" feature for me. So if you want a nice little family game that might entertain you for a few hours, go ahead and get it. Just don't expect anything stellar."
76561198034577741,Not Recommended,232790,15607283,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,spierce7,"TLDR: The first act hooked me. The second act had me just going through the motions, wanting it to end. The ending left me disapointed. Ended up not being as good of a story as it could have been.The Good:The story was simplistic but cool. It's very light hearted, and has a good feel to it. The art and animation is also very good.The Bad:A lot of time and money was sunk into this for a game that's so short and poorly designed. I bought this game at full price a year ago because I heard good things, but I only got half a game.The second half was just now released. The second act doesn't contain many new locations. It's completely based on everything from the first act, so I'm baffled as to what took them so long. The puzzles are poor, and sometimes the hints are so vague, I imagine many people will get stuck and give up. It's not because they are stupid, or that the puzzles are hard, but rather because the puzzles don't make sense. Also, the last hour of the second act is just you doing wiring diagrams, tedious and boring."
76561198199404414,Recommended,232790,31385567,Posted: 26 April,all,Bananer174,"I have played through Broken Age twice so far, and I found it much more enjoyable the second time. Some of the puzzles are difficult to complete without using a walkthrough, especially toward the end. But if you don't mind finding a hint online every once and a while, this game is definitely worth playing. The story is brilliant and totally unique, not to mention the creative animation and music score. If you love a good point-and-click adventure, you'll love Broken Age."
,Not Recommended,232790,15778978,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,ivbox,"Mediocre act 2 after wondefrul act 1. Act 2 feels rushed, a bunch of the quests are not logical, and deus ex machina is everywhere (like M or robot in the last cut scene).While act 1 plays well on my computer, act 2 bugs a lot (starting from problem with steam overlay - i had to disable it, some characters in cloud village not rendering properly, two times it crashes on switch between stories)."
76561198082364032,Not Recommended,232790,15763038,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,reed21868,"Broken age was released in 2 parts.I'd say PART 1 was a 10/10 for me. I loved the writing, the storytelling, the puzzles, the meeting of so many characters, etc etc. Lots of funny writing and moments that actually had me laughing out loud.PART 2 was more like a 5/10. The story really goes downhill, the puzzle difficulty has some serious spikes and just aren't as fun, the pacing and everything feels extremely rushed, you don't really meet any completely new characters, the writing is much lower quality, you don't go to any new locations, and all in all everything just feels very rushed and stripped down. It doesn't feel like the beginning of something great that part 1 felt like.In the end I've got to give the game as a whole a thumbs down, I just can't recommend the whole thing for the price. When it goes on a good sale definitely pick it up just for act 1 even, but there are definitely better point and clicks to play right now, like the Monkey Island games."
,Not Recommended,232790,15749714,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,D00mM4r1n3,"Finally finished playing the entire game, Act 1 & Act 2. The first act was a fun adventure that brought back memories of classic adventure games. Everything ran great and the overall experience was well polished. Act 2 on the other hand is a broken mess of poor puzzle design and flaws with the UI become glaring problems that nearly resulted in me giving up all hope. There are series of puzzles near the end that require editing how something is wired and for the life of me I could not figure out how to get back to the part where it would let me edit the wiring. I kept grabbing the item out of inventory and clicking it on myself and everything around me in frustration. In the end I had to resort to a Youtube video just to watch carefully at how the player was clicking on the damn item, turns out the item needed to be double-clicked on while in the inventory screen, WTF!!! If you are glutton for puzzles that will make you bash your head in to a wall, then this game is for you, for anyone else, go watch the documentary of the game being made instead, at least that is entertaining."
,Not Recommended,232790,14967517,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Crashkey,"It's a pretty cutesy artsy game. The presntation I personally found to be pretty  goregous, and probably the game's strongest aspect.  The soundtrack is pretty notable also. However, the gameplay elements are very rarely engaging, to a point where it seems like it was intended to be a kids game. Very minimal and simple puzzles.The storyline is interesting, at the very least. It's not particularly notable, but it resonantes well with the style and pace of the game. The real issue with the story however is that this game is basically half of the story. That's right, for the price of $24.99 you're getting an incomplete game that's been promised a completion for a while now, This makes the pricetag very questionable.I don't really recommend this game for the main reason that you're really promised way more than is given. The storyline is incomplete and the pricetag just doesn't fit with a game this short. This is the kind of game I would recommend picking up during a megasale or discount period. I would also probably wait for the second part of this game to come out before deciding to invest in it."
,Recommended,232790,17991465,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Michael Culbertson,"I came to this game after Act II was released and without knowing any of the development drama. Without the hype or long wait for Act II, I was perhaps able to enjoy the game a bit more than others who were rather disappointed with Act II. As other reviewers point out, the art is beautiful and the story in Act I is fantastic. I do have to agree with a number of the critics that Act II wasn't quite as strong as Act I, and for the reasons they mention. However, I still found the game enjoyable, over all."
76561198088207295,Not Recommended,232790,15607859,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Sutis,"Whelp what can I say I have really mixed feeling about this game.When I first heard about this game I totally got excited and when I finally able to play act 1, I was mind blown. I really loved act 1 despite of the easy puzzles, the world felt amazing, the writing was fantastic, the characters were cute, the music was charming and so on.Then we had to wait a year for act 2. Honestly I expected much more what act 2 has to offer.You jump in the middle of the story and you'll get overwhelmed by frustrating puzzles right at the start, and you'll have to backtrack like millions of things running back and forth between places which feels really tiring after some time.The story could've been sooo awesome, but at the end you'll end up with more questions bc of the major plotholes they left in it + the ending cutscene is just...short/awkward. :/"
76561198075085616,Not Recommended,232790,13253977,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,roboblinky,"Don't bother.The biggest complaint everyone has about this is that you're buying half a game, but really it feels more like just a prologue.  The four hours I have on record are two playthroughs.  Sure, the art is nice, but not almost 4million dollars worth- which is how much kickstarter funding this game got BEFORE it was sold on steam.  Maybe it will be worth playing when it's completed, but after waiting a year for the second half, I've just lost interest."
,Recommended,232790,11280344,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,herkesemargarin,"Broken Age, is a retro-looking point-and-click adventure game, recently released by Double Fine Productions, and funded by Kickstarter backers. It is an absolute feast of an incredibly unique art design, with amazing soundtracks, and a great, great story. Divided into 2 parts, which both are included in price, one is currently available to play, and other one is in progress right now.(This review is written for people who are familiar with the genre, and have some brief background knowledge about it. I recommend you to pass if you are unfamiliar, since I'll be refering to some classics and relating Broken Age's quality to them.)I want to talk about the sounds of the game first, since it actually impresses me the most. As expected, Peter McConnell (He was responsible for soundtracks of many LucasArts and Double Fine Productions classics. Creator of that famous Monkey Island loop, pretty nice, eh?) did an amazing job on soundtracks, perfectly reflecting the spirits of places like Meriloft, Shellmound, Bossa Nostra, making you feel like you are actually there. It's one of the best game OST I've recently heard, along with Bastion, Transistor, Braid, and Thomas was Alone OST's. As for dialogues, what you'll encounter is beyond belief, as it was a Kickstarter funded game. Names like Elijah Wood and Jack Black are the voice actors, and they all have done an amazing job, also as expected. You may wonder like, ""Where did they found all that money to pay them?"", well, they actually didn't! Voice actors were making a huge pay-cut, willingly, just becaue they liked the game so much...Lee Petty (He was also the art director of Brütal Legend.), working with Nathan Stapley (And he was the art director of Indiana Jones and the Infernal Machine, one of my first action-adventure games (and a pretty good one) after Tomb Raider.) did an absolutely gorgeous job for the visuals, that it's almost as amazing and unique as the art style of Curse of Monkey Island, which I personally consider as the peak of uniqueness. Such graphics will never get old, and will be considered great even after 30 years.And Tim Schafer, founder of Double Fine Productions, creator of games like Full Throttle, Grim Fandango, Brütal Legend, The Secret of Monkey Island, Monkey Island 2: LeChuck's Revenge...well, I think we don't even need talk about him. An incredible talent, a total genius. A below-decent, and even an avarage story was out of question, all I've expected was pure amazingness, and he delivered just that! Bravo Tim...Only problem with Broken Age is that, it is kind of too easy for someone familiar with this genre. Yet, it personally doesn't matter for me, since I'm not playing a point-and-click adventure for its ridiculously exaggeratively difficult puzzles (Not like I'm eliminating the ones which has that difficulty level. It just simply doesn't matter.), but for its fluent smart story with a good sense of humor. And, that's Broken Age!In a nutshell, Double Fine did it again...Buy this game, buy this game and play it!----------(27.09.2014) EDIT:So, I think I should've foresaw the 'Double Fine incident' with Spacebase DF-9, and write my Broken Age review accordingly, huh. Suddenly, I started getting a dozen of downvotes (from %90 rate, to %50), and many people adding, just to state that my review is faulty, and Double Fine is a scammer company. Seriously?First of all, that is NOT a company review, that is a GAME REVIEW. I really don't care who created a game, as long as the game is good, despite the fact that I've praised Double Fine in my review. It was just to clarify that good visuals, sounds, and scenario, is not a coincidence, because that they've done it before. How should I've known that would happen?Secondly, Spacebase DF-9 incident is NOT a scam, even remotely. I'm not the one to teach you what kind of precautions spending your money will require, nor I'm not the one to teach you the definition of 'Early Access', but if you still feel confused about the concept, and raging at the same time, I'll suggest you to watch this:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyGbbIB5eaMSince releasing half of a game is also a type of early access, if you still be like ""Broken Age part 2 is nowhere to be seen, too. They are clearly scamming all the way!"", you would be wrong, again. If part 2 of Broken Age is never to come, that's also a risk that I myself have taken, and consequently my fault.As a sidenote: I believe in Double Fine and Tim Schafer, you repugant people will surely have my regards when part 2 is out.----------(28.04.2015) EDIT:Hah, take that."
,Recommended,232790,13455319,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ru_maniac,"Truly beautiful. Awesome visual style and amazing sound design, captivate story and live, memorable characters. This is what I'd like to show to my kids someday as a reference model of a GOOD video game of my time."
,Recommended,232790,10582322,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mr. Krad,"If you're already a fan of Tim Schafer's work from games such as: Psychonauts, The Secret of Monkey Island or Grim Fandango this is a perfect fit! With witty dialogue to great characters, character design, and fun puzzles it's a great kick back to those classic click and point adventure games! Going back into Tim's roots for sure!"
,Recommended,232790,10993615,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Bruh Lovin',"Man, I'm absolutely hooked on this! The art, voice acting and merging plot! I can't wait for Act 2 to come up!This was definitely worth the buy!"
,Not Recommended,232790,15717471,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Zettai,"Great (but short) Act 1, with an amazing art and a fresh and engaging story but......The Act 2 is a completely different game. The story is cheap, the puzzles are repetitive, you will hate robots and wires, and it´s simply disappointing.It feels like it all started very well, but at some point Tim Schafer lost the creativity.I followed his advice and played Act 1 and 2 in the same playthrough, but still...It's a shame. I was expecting so much, and maybe that was the problem."
,Not Recommended,232790,14928202,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Gabbor,"The game only took about 5 1/2 hours to beat and was frankly unsatisfying. The plot/game world made no sense and the comedy was weak. Art wise the game has been consistently bad, it looks like barely any effort was put in. There's a weeks worth of background art and a days worth of character design in there.The puzzles were needlessly long, requiring a fair bit of running around through the same 6 or so screens. This only inflated the game length rather than add difficulty or enjoyment. If they put the objects for each puzzle within one or two rooms then this game would be even shorter. It's not the difficulty of the puzzles that takes so long, it's having to go back and forth and jot things down on a bit of paper. The only reason it took me as long as it did to complete this game is because I went into act 2 expecting not to need any paper. If you went in fully prepared you could probably beat the game in under 5 hours (not skipping dialogue).The Book of Unwritten Tales series and Deponia are far superior. Wouldn't buy this game for more than £8 if I hadn't already paid as much as I did. Tis a shame I can not get a refund."
,Recommended,232790,24134737,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,stardustsunday,"A thoroughly enthralling experience from start to finishBroken Agetells the story of a girl and a boy, living very different lives, whose paths eventually converge in a rather unexpected way. Throughout the game, you have the option of switching between Vella (the girl) and Shay (the boy) at any time. The game plays out like any other point-n-click adventure game, with full voicing throughout. Puzzles comprise the typical adventure game obstacles, as well as a few teasers that require a bit of logic, thinking, or working out.The Good- Superbly high quality production (well, itdidcost $9+ million to make)- Absolutely gorgeous artwork and graphics- Excellent music- Top-notch voicing (Elijah Wood plays the male lead, & Jack Black one of the characters you meet along the way)- Engaging gameplay & story- Humorous in bits throughout the game- Great writing- Switching between the 2 characters adds an added level of interest- Lots of beautiful environments to explore- Game world is detailed & immaculately conceivedThe Bad- No way to skip just one line of dialogue; skipping will cause the entire dialogue to end- Story is rather short- One of the puzzles is very tedious and involves trial & error until you get the correct configurationConclusionThis is amust-playif you consider yourself a fan of point-n-click adventure games.Broken Age's brilliantly crafted world is magical and highly immersive, and the story well plotted out with clear direction and goals. I grabbed this during sale at S$5, which I consider a more than worthy price to pay for such an epic and enjoyable experience."
,Not Recommended,232790,14721721,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Dr Kitten Rabbit,"I enjoyed the beautiful painted images in this game, but felt it became a chore to play because of the amount of provided dialogue you had to click through, which was disjointed and not really contextual. Things you had to ask about would occur before you knew about them so it was an annoying segue and broke the story. The character would say things which as a player I didn't feel were important and wasn't interested in pursuing.I don't think it was as involving or rewarding as smaller games like Lume which had more ambiguous interactions."
,Recommended,232790,20181642,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TheGiggleJiggle,"I saw so many negative reviews on this game, but I still gave it a chance because it looks beautiful and the voice cast is amazing! I have to say, this is one of my favorite games of all time. It is simple, but the art is stunningly beautiful and I adore the world, the characters, and the crazy storyline. I wish I could forget it all and play it through the first time again. Yes, the second act is a challenge and sometimes I had to look up outside help, but most of it I figured out myself with no outside help. I love this game and I won't be forgetting it any time soon."
76561198088131989,Recommended,232790,10434255,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Auragazer,"Tim Schafer is a game creator that I knew little about until I started to search for an adventure game to play. Tim Schafer is known for creating Grim Fandango (I never played it), which is loved by many and to be honest, I wish I was around to play it. He is also known for other things I bet, I am planning on doing research later. I love adventure games, and usually have it at the top of my list for things to play, and those with amazing stories please even more. When I first saw Broken Age on VGX, I was imediately hooked just by the art style and concept of the story. I got my hands on the game 5 months later than I hoped, wishing I bought it right at the start. This game is absolutely amazing, and Double Fine does it's well known job of amazing wrting, and I found myself laughing and crying at many points throughout this game. At the start of the game however, I started to feel a bit bored after a while, and after I had that feeling, I am thrown right into the point where I am on the edge of my seat. It is sad to say that the game is only one act currently, and I found myself annoyed that I dont have a release date for act 2 yet.. Then again, I waited for act 1, and I got exactly what I wanted. Waiting for Act 2 may in fact be a pain just because I am so desperately waiting to jump back into the story of Shay and Vella, but whenever it comes out, I know it will be just as good as this part, if not better. This review is not the best one I know, but it really does not have to be to tell you that this game is beautiful and very entertaining. I honestly say get the game if you want to have an amazing adventure that has probably one of the greatest scripts and stories I have ever seen. Broken Age is amazing and creative, and showed me exactly why adventure games are amazing, and threw me back into the times where I did not have a chance to experience adventures at their core. 9.75/10 I would reccomend this game to anyone."
76561197971671804,Not Recommended,232790,13038704,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Sire Reap-A-Lot,"tl;dr: If you really have to: Play it until Mog Chothra crashes and stop. Just stop. You will be left with many open questions, but you are spared the shere disappointment of the rest of the game.===========Episode 2Wow... disregard everything I said for episode 1, episode 2 is just abysmal in every way imaginable.Puzzles are different in being very poorly executed and some of them are just infuriating illogical. Add the necessity to switch between Vella and Shay for some solutions which have no connection at all, but ""feel familiar"" when solved. It's as if you suddenly introduce new mechanics mid game, no one's expecting..., oh right. There is a difference between difficult and arbitrary, which Double Fine didn't seem to grasp.So puzzles are a big no-no, what about all the open questions and mistery leaving you very hyped at the end of episode 1?Yeah, they are answered after 5min playtime and don't think there are twists like in episode 1 anywhere. You could just skip the rest of the game, because there is nothing important left to learn.Everything about this episode feels rushed and unpolished and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.I'm kind of happy I waited 5 months, so my expectations hit gorund level and my disappointment wasn't as big, but it's still big enough to update this review.Double Fine, we are done.===========Episode 1:I really would like to recommend this beautiful marvel, but there are so many problems attached to it.Imagine the Mona Lisa but with only one half of the smile and everything else missing. There is just a sticky note saying ""coming soon"". You can clearly see, this note has dust on it.Get this image? That's Broken Age for you. And ""Broken"" could not be more fitting.[this review may change if episode 2 comes out, but I do not expect this to happen in 2015]"
76561198277184855,Recommended,232790,32804198,Posted: 26 June,all,Midnite Trivillia,Gorgeous game - amazing graphics and great gameplay. Absolutely recommend it
,Not Recommended,232790,31905744,Posted: 22 May,all,Professordonut,"Broken Age invites you in with sheer cleverness and charm. The plot is surprising and intriguing, the characters are likable and sometimes lovable, and the settings are original and rich. The visuals are beautifully hand-drawn and finished to look simultaneously fuzzy and smooth, and the music (written by the composer of Hearthstone's music) is compelling. The puzzles are simple enough but deep enough to be clever, and while for a few of the puzzles you might need a walkthrough to completely connect the dots, most of the puzzles in the first half can be completed with attentiveness and critical thinking.The core gameplay at times feels uninteresting. While the individual lines of dialogue are voiced well, the dialogue system is non-linear which sounds like a good idea but makes conversation seem detatched and unnatural. Because NPCs offer hints, you feel obligated to sift through every uninteresting filler line of dialogue they have to offer just to find what's important. Similarly, in many of the areas you will need to poke at every interactive detail to exhaust every clue from them.It abruptly says goodbye after hours of convoluted problem solving that is completed with a walkthrough or incredible leaps of logic, and recycles the same places you've been before in a way that stretches them beyond novelty and makes them become dull.What results is a game that begins too perfectly to not recommend but ends too disappointingly to recommend. If you are willing to take the great with the frustrating, buy this game when it goes on sale (I got it for $5.50 CAD and got more than what I paid for). If you need a game that not only sets up well but ends satisfyingly, this is not that."
,Not Recommended,232790,8951130,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Wishmeril,"The game itself is very charming, both graphically and story-wise. But it's still just two chapters, 4 hours each. Don't get me wrong - the game is solid in terms of puzzles (though a little too easy for my taste) and mechanics, but 8 hours of total gameplay is just not worth 23 euros. If you have the money and really appreciate the hand-drawn artstyle and good story provided by the game, then by all means, buy it. But if you're like me - looking for some challenging puzzles and lengthy, memorable playthrough for similar price, then it's not a game for you."
,Recommended,232790,33788884,Posted: 25 July,all,Capz,"Great story, bit weaker in the second act, overal a very nice experience.Good:-Story, feels new and works-Visuals: Gorgeous characters and backgrounds.-World: The world feels something weird, in the right way.BAd:-ACT 2: Some characters feel rushed to me.Ugly:-Puzzles: their is one weird part in solving some puzzles, where it is very hard, unclear to me how to solve it.Overall a nice experience, that keeps you entertained for the 15 hourse I have put in."
,Recommended,232790,22656891,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,marcinthelotus,This game was incredible! If you like challenging point and click narratives then I highly recommend this game. The artwork is really stunning and the music is beautiful. It gives a really good atmosphere. The point and click controls are very easy and the puzzles are challenging without being impossible.It was intuitive enough that I didn't get frustrated much even though it took me a while to get through. I only got completely stuck twice.I really liked the story. It was very well developed. Each of the main characters and many of the supporting characters were well developed and had a lot of depth. I wish there could be some kind of sequel because I got really attached to the world.
,Recommended,232790,10527637,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,SoggyWarmPockets,"This is such an amazing game. The storyline is top-notch, the voice acting is amazing, the art style is beautiful. My only complaint is that act two is not out yet and I am going crazy waiting for it."
,Recommended,232790,19497880,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Sicktoid,"If you are considering buying this game, you need to ask yourself: ""do I like 90s adventure games?"" If the answer is ""no"", don't bother: you won't like this one either. If the answer is ""yes"", Broken Age is most likely worth your time and money.The most important factors for a good point-and-click are here: great setting, great characters and superb writing. I laughed aloud countless times during my playthrough. Even the music and art style were spot on. However, you will most likely find yourself infuriated by some of the puzzles later on. If you're not the most patient individual in the world and a master of lateral thinking, get ready to look at walkthroughs. To me, consulting a walkthrough at least once or twice during a point-and-click is competely normal, but if you are the kind of person that considers it cheating or refuses to do so for some other reason, you're most likely going to get stuck multiple times during the later half of the game."
,Recommended,232790,8958442,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,[F!] Aldershot,"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ew9veKZKsawThis is my ""as spoiler free as possible"" Video impression of the game ""Broken Age""The game features great art styling with an intriguing story. It's narratively driven, but if you enjoy interactive story telling, this is a must have. In my video impression, I go into the mechanics of the game, the game's targeted audience, it's aesthetic quality, while trying to remain as spoiler free as possible."
76561198065707173,Not Recommended,232790,16114943,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,TundraStar,"I finished this game today, and I must say playing thorugh Act 1 with the massive cliffhanger at the end wanted me to play Act 2 with the hope that it would be awesome. Instead Act 2 feels like a mess. Pretty much you are doing the same as in Act 1 but the opposite way. I was really bummed out by the ending and some feeling of the developers rushing to finish the game. Story- and puzzlewise I think its messy in Act 2. There are no hints in the gameworld some of the time as to what to do next, and you're almost doomed to read a walkthrough just to get to the next.  I can't in my right mind recommend this game because of this."
76561198079313893,Not Recommended,232790,31457354,Posted: 30 April,all,priesthiss,"I don't normally review games, but I feel like I have to because of how positively rated this one is.As a huge fan of the point-and-click genre, I was super excited about this game. At the start, the game looks gorgeous, the gameplay is excellent, the story is compelling. But I felt that halfway through, the game just totally goes downhill. All my hopes and expectations for the game just slowly dwindled. By the end of the game, I was bored to tears. I feel like so much could have been done with this game, and it just ended up being forgettable and disappointing.I don't even recommend this to fans of point-and-click games. There are so many better options."
76561198023873247,Not Recommended,232790,14966091,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Bethakachutney,"Edit: Act 2 has been released a while now, but i can safely say I don't feel like going back to this game. It sounds as if I would have to play act 1 all over again just so I can understand stuff in act 2. And Act 2 doesn't sound worth it. So, yeah...The awkward moment where steam tells you when you purchased the game, rather than when you last played... X(I bought this game without any prior knowledge of the kickstarter origins of Broken Age, and I feel that this title supports my arguement for NEVER backing a game through kickstarter, unless you like throwing money at something which may never happen. There is always a risk when giving money to someone for something that doesn't exist, and I think a lot of people have unrealistic expectations, and unfortunately in this case, it was the people making the game that didn't plan and budget ahead.I bought this game in a steam sale not long after it was offically realised, which was the best choice at the time, as I had heard a bit about the game and was excited to play it myself. I played through act 1 and expected a few months wait for act 2, as this is the norm with most multi-part titles. How wrong I was. Over a year later, I am still waiting for act 2. I can't imagine how annoyed people must be from backing this game from the start! However, the signs for problems ahead were there from the beginning.Having only just bought the game, I started looking through sites to see if there was an expected release date for act 2, only to find an article which stated that the profits from act 1 meant they could go on and fund act 2. I was horrified! I had no idea that this game was not even funded for the second part. I had no idea that this game wasn't even supposed to be split into 2 acts in the first place. But I thought to myself, oh well, it might take a little bit longer but I can wait. Update after update, deadlines came and went for act 2 to be released. I think this is what really got to most people. The waiting wasn't the problem, it was the promises that were broken that made people upset and lose faith in Double Fine as a developer. How can you trust someone with your money if you don't believe they know what they are doing? If someone who has 30 years experience in the games industry can't budget for a full game, then we are all doomed! Unfortunately for us, its too late to take back our money or get back our trust. This is the true lesson to be learned from this experience: Research, research, research! If something looks too good to be true, then it probably is!I feel that some of the fault in my buying this game has to fall at Valve's door. The steam page for Broken Age is very misleading, as it gave me no indication at the time that this game is kickstarter funded and may never have been finished. And, even now, it is impossible to tell from the steam page that this game is not finished! This is why I have written this review, to give people the knowledge of the situation surrounding this game, so that someone else can make an informed choice over whether to purchase this game, I choice I didn't have.So, I guess you want to know a bit about the game, huh? Other reviews can tell you more, but the basics are: It's a point and click adventure that follows two very different main characters, with the option to switch between characters whenever you wish. Its a pretty looking game, with amazing voice-acting and simple puzzles.Is it worth almost £20? No. Act 1 took me about 3 hours (I got stuck for about 30 minutes because I'm bad at video game logic :P), with act 2, if and when it appears, to take another 5 hours. I'm honestly not sure I will play act 2. It has been so long since I played act 1 that I will have to replay it all from scratch. And really, there are SO many other games I could be playing, I may never experience this game as it was supposed to be played. My advice: Wait until both acts are out and grab it in a sale. As the second act is currently not out, I cannot recommend this game to anyone.A real shame."
,Not Recommended,232790,14769760,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Karth Komputer 2.0,"Is this it? Really?Mr. Schaefer, I don't mind a short game, but really? This is the best you could muster? A pathetically short story with mind-numbingly easy puzzles and uninteresting characters? I'd have to say I'm pretty disappointed.As far as art style goes, its alright, but it feels....off. I don't even really know how to describe it. It feels really faux-something. It doesn't feel inspired and I know how pretentious this comes off as. But something about it bugged me through the whole thing.Now all of you can defend this game saying ""But part 2 is coming!"" That doesn't matter. This is a review for the product being sold as-is. And honestly I think it's a pretty lousy deal. If Act 2 is really so great then let it prove itself. Act 1 is simply mediocre."
,Recommended,232790,8904266,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,GIjoe,"It has taken me a day to mull everything over, but I think I'm ready to put an opinion out there, so here it goes.I loved it.I will probably play it again as soon as I have time. The art was well done. The dialogue was genius (as expected). The voice acting was better than I could have hoped for. The story... the story was hands down the best adventure game story I have ever encountered. I spent a good chunk of time today just thinking and wondering about different parts of the story, what they mean, and what will happen in Act II. When a game's story gets me to actively engage it even when I'm not playing, it's a damn good story. I am sitting here wishing I had Act II in my hands already because I want to know what happens.Now, the reason why it took me a little while to say this:I don't consider myself a genius when it comes to adventure games. I expected to get at least 5 hours out of Act 1. When I finished it in under 3 hours, having exhausted every dialogue option available along the way, I felt as though the puzzle difficulty should have been higher or that there should have just been more puzzles. I was honestly a little irate that somebody like Tim Schafer would make the game so easy, considering what he has done in the past.I currently still wish the difficulty had been a little higher, but I've started to understand why it wasn't.  Point & click adventures are known for their DEVIOUS puzzle design. When you're only playing a game puzzle to puzzle and getting stumped at every single one, itismore satisfying to solve them, but that satisfaction comes at the cost of the storytelling (which is and definitely should be the main focus any P&C adventure game). The purpose of the puzzles, however, is not just to make a story interactive. The best designed puzzles give you little nuggets of the story while presenting an interactive, stimulating challenge. Not every puzzle in Broken Age did this, but a lot of them did. If this quality makes for less contrived, more logical and consequently easier puzzles, then so be it. A great example of this is the ""use spoon with cereal"" bit that, on the surface, seems overtly mundane. My advise, should you choose to play this game, is to think aboutwhysome seemingly mundane actions are there. Also, it think the game is very much meant to flip back-and-forth between the two stories, so I would recommend switching after every major ""happening"" you encounter. I'd also recommend starting with Shay's story.Thanks for reading, and I hope you choose to enjoy this fantastic game."
,Recommended,232790,9094319,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,CFFG. greyhairedsnake,"What can I say?  Tim Schafer has done it again.Broken Age is an enjoyable point-and-click adventure with the right mix of character dialog, puzzles, and humor.  This all leads into decent character development throughout the game, and sets up the ending of this First Act perfectly.The dynamic of shifting between the stories of two characters worked well throughout the game.  The two stories were balanced in terms of content, and I really didn't favor one over the other.  While it's important to play and appreciate both stories you aren't forced to switch throughout most of the game.  This allows the player to enjoy each story and character independently, and not be arbitrarily ripped out of the experience.  I enjoyed being able to switch between the stories when I wanted to, without consequences.And the ending of this First Act?  I won't spoil it, but it's brilliantly executed and memorable.  It certainly makes me look forward to Act Two.  As far as which story to finish first, I will say that I finished Shay's story first and found the ending very profound.  It was truly an 'OMG' moment where the two stories merge, and suddenly everything makes sense and shocks you at the same time.  Please take your time and enjoy both stories before you get to the ending, as you'll appreciate the results.I highly recommend Broken Age to both fans of point-and-click adventures and first-timers.  Tim Schafer and Double Fine have delivered a high-quality experience that is well worth the money."
76561198018700758,Recommended,232790,19904459,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ed.day,"This is a brilliant game.A great throwback to 90s lucasarts adventure games. I avoided buying it for a while because I'd heard people moaning about it but I'm so glas I bought it as it's such a delight.The first half's puzzles are great but a little easy and the second half if perfect. I really wasn't sure how to solve some of them and was stumped for a while but when I figured them out I was relieved to find they all had logical reasons to them.That's just how an adventure should be. I know some people don't like the challenge but if you breeze through it without having to stop, go away and think outside the box then it's just an interactive cartoon.Wonderful characters, witty dialogue, gorgeous music and a delightful art style.I don't usually leave reviews but I really liked this and thought it an underrated delight.Thank you Double Fine!"
,Not Recommended,232790,18351055,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Tekharos,"The first half plays nice and easy enough, but the second half feels really uninspired. Not being able to give an item to a person, but rather talk about it or the other way around should be known as a definite don't among adventure makers.The second act plays so incredibly illogical at times, that even when you get what you need to do isn't very satisfying.And why would I only end a dialog completely but not just end a line the character is saying?I found the story just not very good. Many characters act so very much without intention and logic, I couldn't let myself get drawn into the world."
,Not Recommended,232790,14750408,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Catbug!,"This is part 1 only, and no part 2 in sight. Cute game, but so so short. Don't bother until it's 100% complete."
76561198114224841,Not Recommended,232790,14263418,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,benrodrigueziii,Where's the rest of this game?
76561198107921710,Recommended,232790,10590761,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,|3ichard,"This was an awesome game. I got stuck a few times, but usually some random clicking will at least give you a clue. Stunning visually and the soundtrack will blow you away."
76561198025531773,Recommended,232790,17137872,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,DreamWarriors,"This game has gotten a lot of unfair criticism. I waited a long time to play Act II. And even longer after it was released because I believed the reviews that said it was ""rushed"". I finally plunkered down and played the second act, and it wasn't bad. Graphics, voice-acting, puzzles, etc was once again, top-notch.  Also, at least for me, the length of the game was pretty long. Just look at my hours played.  TRUE, the game would be shorter if you are better at puzzle-solving than me, and... if you solved puzzles through Google. I saw one reviewer claim that they beated the game in 5 hours. 5 hours? Are people doing speed runs on adventure games?"
,Recommended,232790,22136438,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,spicausis,"You know you've got a great writing in front of you when the game has a boy and a girl as the main heroes, yet there's no attempt at a love story whatsoever.The colourful characters, delightful and original art style that might need a little bit of getting used to, excellent voicing (Jack Black!) all lead to a memorable experience.This is the only quest I can recall where even when I've figured out some solution, it's worthwhile just to walk around interacting items with other characters just to hear their often brilliant responses instead — and the difficulty was just right."
,Not Recommended,232790,15901737,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Sho,"Act 1 seemed to be leading up into something great, but it all just fell apart in act 2.Don't buy it. You might see parts of the beginning you liked, maybe you pirated it just to check, but its not worth it. I mean, don't pirate it, but don't buy it either.Basically don't play it, your going to be disappointed."
76561197993928262,Recommended,232790,19627087,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Jonor85,"Top notch point and click adventure, with great story, funny characters and a pleasing art style. The background music is great too.If you love point and click then this should not be missed.Downsides: could be longer"
76561198006770245,Not Recommended,232790,8927780,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,MRH112,"A great game... if your 8.The game is basically a point and click childs game, not what I was expecting for such a hyped up game apparently costing many millions to produce (mostly on the voice actors from what I can tell).Don't get me wrong, I love adventure point and clicks such as the wolf among us and the walking dead, but this is lacking in so many fields."
,Not Recommended,232790,13368201,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Madigon,"Fun. Cute. Gorgeous and well scored. The story elements were interesting and the split stories having the freedom to bounce between the two was a great idea. However, this didn't make up for the numerous 'wtf' moments where you're basically wandering around with no hints as to what to do next. The puzzles were interesting but many times required a strategy guide to figure out."
,Recommended,232790,19506785,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Gir,"I love point & click games, and this one was totally a fun, good time.  The back and forth was a little trippy at first, but got the hang of it.  If you get stuck on one, switch over to the other.  Definitely recommended!"
76561198125931126,Recommended,232790,21033906,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Morsus,"Wow! This game did everything right, even the ending. So it starts off in act 1, you get to switch between two characters (Shay and Vella). The puzzles in act 1 are mediocre not too difficult not too easy, act 2 the puzzles get more difficult and complex. You need to use clues from Vellas story in Shays puzzles and vice versa. The art is amazing aswell its sort of cartoony but still gives the characters life. Now the real gem of this game is its story, incredibly unique ive never seen a similar story. As you play the story unfolds in unimaginable twists. Not to mention how immersive the atmosphere is. This game is a diamond if you like puzzle games, if you end up buying it i hope you enjoy it as much as i did."
76561198117142543,Not Recommended,232790,18295219,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,tengert_lanes,"Broken Age, is a beautiful little point-click game full of cute wonderful characters. I bought it around when act one was first released and enjoyed the cute humor that it brought. The stroy telling was wonderful. I waited eagerly weeks, even a few months for act two to come out. When it finnally did, the game felt diffrent. The puzzles where harder, the storyline felt rushed, and the art style felt changed. Act two was a disappointment for me, I felt like I wasted my time waiting for it.I really wish I can say, ""yes buy this game"", but I have to say, ""NO don't buy it."""
76561198053158585,Recommended,232790,22154169,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Gwynneth,"I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed this game.  Well, actually, story with puzzles.  I liked that most puzzles were not too difficult, but enough to make it fun. (Remember the wiring!  That will make sense the first time you play and realize you paid no attention.)The story was deeper than I thought it would be and, happily, longer than I thought it would be.  Don't let the unusual art work deter you.  It is more sophisticated than it seems from the previews.  It fits well with the story and I enjoyed this.As for playability, I've played through once so this is from a one-time play-through perspective.  Let me put it this way, if you enjoy reading a story, setting it aside for awhile and then reading it again, you could replay and enjoy it. If, however, you are a person who reads a book once and never reads it again, you may not enjoy playing it again.  But I bet you enjoy playing it at least once.Though the story seems to be set, the fact that you are allowed to solve the problems in your own time, and some interaction is done differently, I think you could play it more than once.I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,232790,32862050,Posted: 27 June,all,Zahl - Kanji - Haxzl,"One of the, if not the very, best point-and-click adventure games I've ever played. The stories are immaculate and though there isn't much character development, you can feel the peril that the characters experience throughout the game. Beauitful work of art, I highly recommend purchasing this masterpiece."
,Recommended,232790,21769637,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,JetFred,"Very brief comments because this game needs no more reviews:The good is that it is beautiful, well acted, clever, unique, and solvable without hints.  It does not overfill your inventory, and it has Jack Black in it (briefly).The bad is that the story gradually fell apart because you see so little about the real antagonists, and we all know the story was contrived to suit the split gameplay, not to mention the badly split development schedule.The game is almost a 10 anyway, and probably would have been if they had developed it all at once and I had played it all at once. That also killed my opportunity to get many of the achievements on one run-through. They weren't in place when I played the first half of the game."
76561198013189743,Not Recommended,232790,13731377,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Beardo Weirdo,"Intriguing, but far too short for its price."
,Not Recommended,232790,14291602,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,AttackOfTheThumbs,"Don't buy this until part 2 is out. I thought it already was. It has been a year after all. Damn was I disappointed.Once part 2 is out, based on part 1, this will turn into a recommendation."
,Not Recommended,232790,9290520,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Saninsince992,"Lacking the charm, intelligence and writing of some of the better point-and-click games of the past decade, this seems to be a rather lackluster experience and one of the worse written games that came out of Tim Schafer’s production company.The bad:-A really lackluster story; and seeing how the story seems to be the game’s focus, this is saying a lot. A good setup for a story that starts out strong but turns out to be quite a mess in both character’s cases. Either lackluster or just completely stupid twists thrown in for good measure.-Completely simple puzzle solution that most people probably won’t even want to think about. Use everything with everything wins the day here; and even then it is just way too easy to advance.-Really bad, sometimes grotesque humor. Characters seem to try to be funny, but fail miserably most of the time. While some lines are worth a few chuckles, this does not come even close to some of the amazing writing and humor of other games of the genre like Sam and Max or the Monkey Island series.-Short. Very short.-Just really bland characters in general. Some of them can be entertaining, some of them even memorable, but most of the time you will just get thrown more and more characters onto your face without them having any sort of character development, interesting traits, stories, or anything else that would make them stand out.The good:-If you like how point-and-clicks work, this is a fairly clean UI that works well.-Graphics are interesting, but obviously might not be for everyone’s taste. It has a unique art style though, and is visually interesting, so that should be noted.-Voice acting is mostly really good.-The atmosphere, especially at the beginning of the game, is really well presented. The game might make you feel uneasy, and even if it doesn’t, it presents its world very well at the start. Sadly, this somewhat falls off as the story progresses, and by the time you hit the end of Act 1, you will notice that the best part of the game was actually the beginning.In general, it is a game that is hard to recommend to anyone. Horrifyingly short, quite silly mess of a story, uninteresting characters for the most part and just a lack of anything great besides the interesting art style and good voice acting make this a game that only die-hard fans of the genre or Tim Schafer’s games should check out. The rest might want to wait for a sale or just skip it completely."
76561198036943999,Not Recommended,232790,10013210,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,SamuraiJones,"I'm disappointed that I've bought this game and it's not a full one. Very beautiful, but extremely short. Apparently there's an ""act II"" coming? I'm not sure if that's included in this package, or if you have to buy the rest later.Incomplete games should be marked."
,Recommended,232790,11025495,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,orloderr,"I just loved this game. It's a little piece of art: unusual and interesting plot, very nice animation, accurate sound decoration, lovely music."
,Not Recommended,232790,13250064,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,bittajam,"I really like the way the game looks. But I find it incredibly boring. All these never ending dialogs, replays and terribly slow gameplay. I think I could've enjoyed the game if I was 12 years old, but now it seems too slow and boring for me. I thought I liked slow games that don't really need too many actions from the player, but this one is too slow even for me. Sorry."
76561197972440615,Not Recommended,232790,9421130,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Rixmat,"I was looking forward to this since way back in the kickstarter days. After finishing act 1 I didn't find it anywhere near as enjoyable as pervious games. (monkey Island) etc.The story seemed to just play out without much anticipation or build up. From one set piece to the next, things just seem to happen rather than you making them happen. Limited items with a single use that had very little in the way of puzzle solving and exploration.  Beautiful artwork yes, but the word feels very small and rushed. I have to say as a long time point and click fan, this didn't do it for me."
76561198143856979,Not Recommended,232790,17761466,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Dr. Professor Joseph,"I liked the direction that Act 1 was heading, but Act 2 felt like Double Fine did an 180 degree turn for the worse. I wanted this game to be good, so I tried to experience the game to its fullest in order to not miss a thing, but the crazy plot twists, the complicated (not clever) puzzles, and the lack of new scenery to explore  left me finishing the game unsatisfied."
,Not Recommended,232790,8893432,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Protokitten,"I might recommend this game, yes, but at this point, only if it's on sale.The game is over fast. We're talking 5 hours gameplay at most, with little or no replayability.It's well written, but there drama doesn't work as it's supposed to.The talent is great.It's a very, very pretty game.The soundtrack and special effects are amazing.The game is very very easy at times.There's only one bit where you're completely stumped, but you can work it out with enough time.It's an ok game, but there are parts where I think a movie would work better.I was all excited for Shay's (the guy from the future) story, but honestly, it's so simple I think a movie would have worked out better. There's like, one puzzle with different parts in it, and it's not complicated or hard, it's just tedious.This is not the best adventure game of it's time, at least, it isn't yet.The price isn't worth it. for this amount of money, I could get Machanarium and still have enough money left over to get another cheap one, that would not only have more game time, but would also have more replayability.The game feels like a letdown for me at this point."
,Not Recommended,232790,14507882,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Radiant Eros,"I'll have to play more of this, but for now i unfortunately have to give this game a ""not recommended"". While I love the artwork, voice acting, and general concept; this game just seems to not deliver. What I mean by this is it's a bit boring and bland; the story line is not the best and the game play a bit slow and dry. I've played quite a few point and click games, choose your own adventure games, and interactive novels; and I have to say story is everything. I never got engrossed or interested in the characters, and got really bored on three seperate occasions of starting it up. While having previously said I love the graphics, soundtrack, voice acting, and concept of two seperate character plots played at the same time until they merge; it suffers from lack of fun."
,Recommended,232790,17625118,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Buyung Kilat,"Excellent art and a feel good atmosphere makes this game hard to resist. I played through the first act and I thought it was flawless. Unfortunately, the second act left a lot to be desired. There were 3 to 4 puzzles that I thought were almost impossible to figure out and while I've avoided cheating throughout the first half, I had no choice but to google for solutions a couple of times in the second half.But that's not my biggest complaint. Actually I would have still given this game a solid mark if not for the direction the plot takes as it reaches its conclusion. I don't want to spoil it for anyone but it was baffling and morally ambiguous. Maybe the guys at Double Fine simply ran out of time developing this game.Overall, it's still a decent ride and commendable for its unique atmosphere and artistic vision, so 7/10."
,Recommended,232790,33929049,Posted: 31 July,all,DropTheChair,"Broken Age (Review)Wow. Oh, wow. You guys probably know by now that I overuse the word ""masterpiece"". Usually when I say that, I usually just mean it's good. When I  say ""masterpiece"" for this game, I mean it could hang in an art gallery and be remembered for ages.Gameplay:Alright, let's just put something out on the table.It should be known that this game was recommended to me by a group of my friends. They went on and on about the art, the characters, the story, the plot-twists. The closest we got to gameplay was how there was a really hard puzzle.I kinda get why, though. The gameplay has difficulty spikes and lot of them.Sometimes you'll know just what to do! Other times... Well, not so much.But, I told myself NUMEROUS times that I was here for the story, which is amazing, but I'll get to that later. The gameplay to me was a big part, but it took a back seat for the art and story.What I liked the most, as far as the gameplay goes, were the dialogue options.Broken Age is very linear and that reflects on it's dialogue options, which isn't a bad thing.The game let me ask questions, get answers, and let me wonder if they were telling the truth.I've read a decent amount of reviews and everyone said it felt like you HAD to hear what everyone had to say, just so you could know where to get to next.Well, that WOULD be a problem for me if the character weren't so gosh-dang interesting!Alright, it's occurring to me that I'm just talking story, story, story, so I might as well just get to that part already. All you need to know about the gameplay is that it's pretty good, often hard, never punishing, and you might need a walkthrough, but it's totally worth it, just for the story.StoryWow. I don't even know how to start this.I don't want to spoil anything, I might write a ""spoiler-filled"" review, but for now, let me try and recommend this, without giving away anything. Basically, I'm going to vaguely describe stuff? I don't know. Here it goes.The main story line is interesting, but a bit short. You're always interested in the main characters and are constantly wanting to see what they do next.The worlds are also interesting, but it's sometimes hard to see what kind of theme the developers are going for. It almost reminded me of a Studio Ghibli film in the sense that I had no idea HOW I was doing what I was doing, but I knew WHY I was doing it, which was justification enough for me.The characters are the most developed characters I've ever seen in a video game.The writing is spectacular and flows really well.Also, the jokes are fantastic.There we go! I didn't spoil anything! Yay! That was way harder than it should have been!So, long story short, best plot, characters, setting, and story I've seen in a video game in a long time.Graphics:This graphics are overall done well. It feels like the beginning of a movie where they tell the backstory in a sort of ""paper puppet show"" style. I really don't know how to describe it, but it really works.I will say that the graphics, while beautiful, seem less then HD, in quality. Not a huge problem, but if you're a stickler for details, you might tend to notice.Much like the last ""point-and-click"" game I played, Silent Age, some animations for picking things up and talking seemed a little janky.Overall, still really good, but it might be one of those games that people want remastered for graphical reasons only.Other Recommendations:As I've said before, I'm not the biggest fan of ""point-and-clicks"", but I did play The SILENT Age, which was okay.I've never played any of them, but I'm sure you could put any LucasArts game on this list.Pricing:I paid $6.24 for this game during a sale. That's when I would pick this up.$20 is a bit too much to par for my taste, but if you think you would REALLY enjoy it like I did and have $20 to burn, go ahead and pick it up.Final Thoughts:A beautiful game with a great story, featuring great characters. An absolute piece of art.9/10Thanks for reading! Please, support my work by joiningmy group, inviting friends, commenting below, and maybe even sending me something cool! As always, this is DropTheChair dropping another great review from Droppable Reviews!"
76561198007505559,Recommended,232790,32715341,Posted: 24 June,all,Hexus,"Just completed the game and I liked it a lot.GoodI think the best thing in the game is characters - not just the main ones, but all of them: Curtis, the Talking Tree, people from the Cloud Vilage... Unusual, strange, funny, not just dummies but characters.A lot of humor (really, sometimes it's too adult =))The tale is intertaining and with interesting twistsDesign - I totaly loved it, reminds some books from my childhoodMusic is really goodNot a single technical problem: no bugs or glitches whatsoeverPuzzles are quite logical and not too complicated - was able to complete it all by myselfBadI wish start menu music was longer :)It's definitely a good game, takes some time to finish (~13-14 hrs for me) but leaves very good feeling after that. Like someone told a fairy tale I hadn't heard before."
76561197963739680,Not Recommended,232790,13751595,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,WhyReadWhenUCanKill?,"Not happy with the way it was released.It was not sold as half a game.It's a pretty good game, but $30 is a lot fo money for a 4 hour game.Hopefully act 2 is longer. Maybe once ths game is fully released I can change my review.Should have been sold as early access, but frankly I wouldn't want to help Double Fine finance anything considering how they've been treating their kickstarter backers."
76561198237330844,Recommended,232790,16938441,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,dylanmwright,A wonderful addition to the DoubleFine collection! The writing is hilarious and the world is artfully painted. Definitely worth the buy for this 12hour adventure :)
,Recommended,232790,28486423,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,silverj0,"A very beautiful. compelling, and hilarious adventure that's sure to keep you entertained for a good while. I bought this game on a whim during the summer steam sale, and I very much enjoyed it. The characters were very fun and colorful, and all of them were fun to interact with. The puzzles range from simple to very complex, and the story had me guessing in quite a lot of ways. My only complaints would be that some of the puzzles seemed way too difficult and I had to look up some answers, but that might just be that this was really my first point and click game like this, and I wish the story was a little longer since I though somethings could've been fleshed out a little bit more. Other than that this game was a fun experience and if you want to fun game to get into, this game will do just fine."
76561198271097277,Recommended,232790,34031545,Posted: 4 August,all,TheQuestion42,"A great use of voice acting, subtle comedy and artistic visuals. Overall, Broken Age is a game that knows how to toy with the players expectations while keeping the story's course and motivation tightly in place. It is, in fact, a tale guided by a core message about daring to go beyond what's familiar to find a deeper individual truth, while slightly breaking the absurdities that make up the adult world along the way."
76561197995402611,Not Recommended,232790,15895725,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Fancy Tuesday,"At time of writing this review the top article in the news section of Steam's game page is ""Why Broken Age Act 2’s Story Is An Awful Mess.""  When you go to play Broken Age the first thing you see is an article explaining why this story driven game's story is a mess, what more do you need to know?There's enough charm and clever bits in the first act, and enough humor throughout the game to maybe warrant picking it up on sale for $5.  Otherwise, it's a clumsy disappointment that ultimately serves only to showcase how mismanaged the project was."
,Recommended,232790,9992801,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Crackodactyl,"This game is short, but so sweet that I'm glad there's to be an Act 2 some time later this year, or so I've heard (About the later this year thing, not about the act 2, that's been confirmed).I've seen some reviews that list this as a game they wouldn't recommend, and I think in some cases that may be because the game can be considered a bit too linear. Choosing different dialogue options won't throw you in a different direction like in some games, and for the most part you can figure out where you need to go and what you need to do next by exhausting every line of dialogue available to you. Before I bought the game, when I saw that there were different dialogue options available to the player, I wouldn't have thought that would be the case, but it didn't bother me, per se, and here's why.The game is beautifully rendered and a joy to look at, it has an air of whimsy and a tongue in cheek flavor that I couldn't get over. There were some jokes that would go right over kids' heads, which is probably for the best, but which didn't fail to get a laugh out of me.  You know, those kind of jokes. I always count those as a plus.Also, despite thinking a few times that I had the game pinned down, in other words thinking that I knew where it was going, I found with good humor that I was wrong. It managed to provide a twist that I didn't see coming, and for that I have to give it some more points.I finished the game in a few hours and I wish I had part 2 right now. I picked it up for 40 percent off (14.99) and I would say that it's worth more than that, counting the fact that there's more on the way and that I'm a sucker for a good story/twist."
76561197962005988,Recommended,232790,16912711,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,StreetBushido,"With charming art and animation, together with stellar voice-acting, Broken Age is an enjoyable adventure.However, the combination of a somewhat lackluster story and puzzles that sometimes become quite head-scratching does deflate the experience a bit.Occasionally the story gets a bit interesting with the two protagonists' experiences mirroring each other. Also, while the story itself isn't very deep, the characters that you meet along the way are well-written and often funny. While never causing me to wipe tears of laughter from my eyes, Broken Age often made me smile.If you're looking to enjoy lovely visuals, well-written dialogue and excellent voice-acting, this is the point'n'click adventure for you. If you're looking for an engaging and thought-provoking story, I'm afraid this game simply doesn't offer that."
,Not Recommended,232790,8982403,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Ombligo,"Massive dissapointment.  One of the most boring games I've played in a long while.  There's virtually no humor.  I smirked maybe twice the entire game.  I would have been happy with a 2d classic-style game.  I wouldn't purchase this again for more that $5.  Overall: D+  Pretty much everything about the game has been said already, but hopefully this sums up my experience."
,Not Recommended,232790,8966421,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,KeviniveK,"While the first half of the game is by all accounts amazing, it certainly is not worth more than $10 in its current state because of the miniscule amount of content.We'll have to see what the second half offers."
76561198040699431,Not Recommended,232790,15646656,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,You failed to make a sandwich,"Terrible ending = terrible.This game had a lot of promise, act 1 set up the premise of two teenagers strugging with the situation thrown at them, one with an overbearing 'mother' isolated on a space ship while the other is rebellious of the paccifist nature of the sacrificing madiens ritual to the 'mog chothra.'   Then act 2 came along and slapped us across the face, not only by poorly completing the tale but giving us a really lame ending that makes you feel like you've accomplished nothing.With all the money pooring in this game you'd think i'd be more than eye candy, but sadly that's not the case.  The puzzles themselves were, okay I guess, except the ending puzzle in act 2 the wiring the robots puzzle can go straight to hell.  It's even worse that if you dont memorize the pattern for them, and progress to a point of no return, you can softblock yourself and have to start over from your last save file because you can't remember the formula to solve the rewiring puzzle.  All in all this game is dissapointing, not a bad game, just dissapointing, you might want to skip this one."
,Not Recommended,232790,15782450,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Broomstick73,The game was delivered in to parts - Act I and Act II. If you play the game fresh without knowing that it'll immeidately become obvious though because Act I is full of beautiful art and storytelling and puzzles thar are creative but overly simplistic. Unforatunately the designer took heed of the massive complaints on the ease of the puzzles in Act I and apparently vowed to fix that in Act II. He did.  Act II continues to use the same wonderful intuitive UI and fantastic art and music but the puzzles suddenly jump from a small part of the overall game to stupidily hard. As in - even if you have a walkthrough telling you exactly what you need to do it's still tricky to solve. To make matters worse most of the puzzles in Act II have no rhyme or reason to why you're doing them. Luckily you'll be rewarded with a mediocre story and ending.
,Not Recommended,232790,16081845,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,[MoX]Arken,"The first part of this game was really very well done. the story was interesting, the puzzles seemingly well designed...part two on the other hand was like they phoned it in. I'm not sure whats going on at double fine games these days but they seem to be dropping the ball every step of the way..."
,Not Recommended,232790,15727884,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Never Lucky,"I can't recommend this game.Act 1 is short, fun, and whimsical. Its puzzles are easy, which allows you to explore the beautiful environments and meet all of the interesting characters without too many barriers in your way.Act 2, on the other hand, is just a frustrating mess. The entire act merely retreads the areas visted in Act 1, which removes the element of exploration that makes act 1 interesting. Worse yet, a lot of the puzzles are just ridiculous. Obvious solutions never work, and the actual solutions often make no sense in terms of why they would work or why the characters would try them. I've spent hours going through the levels clicking everything and trying to use my items on every object, and this is a common trend among players. For some puzzles, you have to go to the other character's perspective in order to find the solution, but the game never tells you when this is required, and it goes counter to everything you've done in act 1, so you might go through entire levels looking for answers that aren't there.After Double Fine spent over a year developing act 2, it's such a disappointment to see recycled environments and puzzles that are just badly designed and badly thought out. Perhaps those problems might be more forgivable if the quality of the story made up for it, but it doesn't. Despite the brilliant setup in act 1, neither of the two main characters undergo much if any character development in act 2. Instead, we're treated to a bad science fiction plot which tries to explain the superficial elements of the world, and yet still leaves many questions unanswered in the cliffhanger ending. The villains expose themselves as something out of a children's cartoon, and some of the dramatic reveals only make sense if you don't think too deeply about act 1.This game is a huge disappointment to me, and thinking about it still leaves a bitter taste in my mouth. If you want to see the interesting environments and the story that could have been, watch act 1 on youtube. If you must, watch act 2 on youtube as well. The game itself is absolutely not worth playing."
,Recommended,232790,9175706,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Wolf Revo,"If you've ever heard of agame being Kickstarted, you can thankBroken Agefor it. It was almost two years ago when Tim Schaferdecidedthat he wanted to make another point-and-click adventure game, and he wanted the internet to fund it. Needless to say, it was a resounding success, and for a while all we wanted totalk aboutwas games on Kickstarter. The first half of Broken Age is out now, with the second half coming later this year.The game is split into two different stories, with two different protagonists: Vella on the left, and Shay on the right. Once you choose one of them, you start their story, but you can switch between them at any time. I used this once when I got frustrated with a puzzle I was having trouble with.Vella's story starts off in her village, which is made up entirely of bakers. Every generation they have the Maidens' Feast, where several young women are offered up to a big monster called Mog Chothra so it won't destroy the village. Needless to say, Vella is not thrilled about this and decides to fight back. Her adventure takes her to a couple of other villages, one that just had their Maidens' Feast, and another getting ready for its Maidens' Feast.Shay on the other hand lives a pretty boring life: he's been living on a spaceship his whole life, and the simulation missions the ship throws at him have gotten pretty boring because they were designed for a toddler. Eventually he breaks out of this rut and discovers a whole new part of the ship that he has never seen before, and some real missions to embark on.Visually the game is gorgeous. Everything looks hand painted, and in typical point-and-click fashion the camera is usually fixed, at most moving left or right as you move around the environment. There were a few places where I thought the textures looked low-resolution, but honestly it wouldn't have made much of a difference because of the art style.Mechanically it plays almost exactly like a point-and-click from the 90's. Or at least that's what I assume because I wasn't doing much video gaming in the 90's. All of the ""puzzles"" involved finding a specific item or combination of items to use in a particular way in a particular place to solve a problem. Most times it was pretty clear what needed to be done, and failing that just a little snooping around would uncover the solution. There was that one time though where the solution involved going back and forth through several areas to get different items, and I completely did not understand what I was supposed to do. Yeah, I looked up the solution to that one.One of my favorite things aboutBroken Ageis the voice cast. Having people like Elijah Wood, Jennifer Hale, and Jack Black in the same game is delightful to my nerd brain. And Wil Wheaton playing a hipster lumberjack hiding from the talking trees was the best moment of my week.It took me just over four hours to complete Act 1, and they left us on quite the cliffhanger. It's definitely worth getting now, because Act 1 is a good length to finish in one or two sittings. This is one of the few games I have played that is appropriate for both adults and kids, so if you are a parent check it out. It's a little hard to name a good price because I have no idea how good Act 2 will be; if it keeps up the quality that Act 1 had, I would say that $20 is a good price."
76561198073961184,Recommended,232790,9197557,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Sigmathaar,This game is so beatiful !!!!
,Recommended,232790,9349972,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,rChops,"So far so good! Very cool art style, all hand painted.  The characters and unique stories really make this point-and-click fun to play."
,Recommended,232790,9075903,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Entropy,"If you loved the golden age of adventure games when Guybrush Threepwoood, Gabriel Knight, and Sam and Max walked the land, you will love Broken Age.  Its more akin to the Grim Fandango than anything....and that is high praise indeed."
,Recommended,232790,9387512,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,JackSmackM,Really fun game. I never played many Point-Click adventure games ... and now I know why my life isn't complete.
,Recommended,232790,9047586,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,French Fry Dio,"So I was slightly dismayed by the price point initially, especially with the reported length of ~4 hours, but I did not initially realize that this game is using an episodic structure. If you are at all familiar with Telltale's adventure game work over the past few years- Tales from Monkey Island, The Walking Dead, The Wolf Among Us, the Sam&Max games... so you're buying not only the game, but an unknown number of future acts in addition. Judging by history, you will probably get your money's worth by buying in on this.As for the game itself... initially I was expecting pretty much what I got; something silly, cute, and DEEPLY ♥♥♥♥ed up on a psychological level (as I fully expected and hoped for from something from the mind of Tim Schafer!). However... once I got to the end of the act and the plotlines were finally tied together, the ""♥♥♥♥ed upped ness"" reached a whole new wonderful level.If you have enjoyed ANYTHING in Tim Schafer's stable of products... Costume Quest, Brutal Legend, The Cave, Grim Fandango, Psychonauts, Full Throlttle, the first three Monkey Island games, Maniac Mansion or Day of the Tentacle...You will enjoy this game. And probably find in it a worthwhile purchase."
76561198058091330,Not Recommended,232790,15764256,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,SteelHeart,"first act... oksecond act... uglybad puzels, reused sets, generaly not the best."
,Not Recommended,232790,34837402,Posted: 9 September,all,selfink,"When Act 1 came out with lots of hype I was very eager to play this game being a fan of the point and click adventure game.It was disappointing.Pros:Art StyleVoice ActingStoryCons:GameplayLet me explain what I mean. Most adventure games, the fun, and reward, comes from the difficulty. All the objects you needed in this game were the ONLY objects you were able to pick up or look at. The puzzles were simplistic. It was basically an interactive story. I finished it fairly quickly. Maybe 2 days or less. Adventure games should take a while. A month a two, with at least dozens of frustrating moments. Sometimes spending 1 to 2 days (or longer) attempting to figure out one task. Classics like The Dig, Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis, and Syberia definiately met this paradigm. I have yet to find a contemporary adventure game that matches their genius. Still looking, but this one didn't measure up."
76561198095598421,Recommended,232790,17082295,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Interceptor,"quite good, worth a go, wait for a sale though.sure it has its flaws in its story, but then again so did every point and click adventure i ever played back in the amiga/dos days.production values on this game are great though and i found it very pleasent to play through. later it starts to become a quest-fest and the soltuions to the puzzles start to narrow down. and aside from a couple of head scratchers there is nothing here to stump you."
,Recommended,232790,17126760,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Graem 117,"This game as whole was a great experience, wonderful art direction, wonderful music, Alot of the puzzles were great, although some were difficult, but not impossible (plus every playthough changes a aspect of some specific puzzles in order to keep it difficult each time).The concept of two stories going at the same time was very well done, at first it felt very seperate, but as time goes by you notice that what you see in one side can help you with a puzzle in the other side, and I believe that was very clever.Story wise though, overall it could have been better, mostly for the ending, but it still was good, had a few good twists and it kept you thinking through out the game. Although from the looks of it alot of people did not seem to like the ending that much and thinks the game as a whole was horrible due to that. For me the journey is what matters and man that was a great journey. Plus it had a few cute ending credits pictures to get a good idea what happen after the game.Overall it was great and I recommend anyone to play it. As long as they don't care about the ending bieng a bit short in delivery."
,Recommended,232790,20068256,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Naro,"Pretty cute and adorable adventure game. Not very difficult and only had some pretty weird, though, repeated logic puzzles at the end."
76561198041164522,Recommended,232790,20230913,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Soso,"I don't usually write reviews but I just had to for Broken Age, mainly also because number of negative reviews here.In a short Broken Age is a ""traditional"" point and click adventure set in an interesting worlds. You controll two main charactes with possibility to switch between them any time, sometimes it is even necessary to find out a solution to puzzle in other character's ""world"". Main charactes are Vella, young girl which escapes her fate of a sacrifice for giant monster and Shay, a growing-up boy trying to escape his over-caring space ship. Plot is really interesting and I was hooked to see how will the two story lines cross or join.As for the puzzles, I have to say they are mostly fair. You are given an overall clear idea (or multiple goals) what has to be done and it is up to you to come up with the execution. Many people complain that some puzzles in Act II are unfair because you had to look for the answer with other character in his/hers world. I found it interesting and smart, requiring you to think outside of the box or pay attention to details. Kind of reminded me the old days of Day of the Tentacle.The art style and animation in game is beautiful, voice acting is excellent and dialogues are quite funny, I especially enjoyed Vella's interaction with ""hipster"" woodcutter. Not only because I like poop jokes :)What I didn't like so much is the harsh conclusion of the story. There was potential for Act III, it is shame that authors didn't extend the last part of the game to its own Act."
76561198059938069,Not Recommended,232790,9274849,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Tenn,"Its great in every aspect excpet one, 4 hours of game play for $24 thats a rip off. it better be one hell of an act 2."
76561198011201092,Not Recommended,232790,9986431,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Indigoshn,"It's an alright game but only half done - part 2 is yet to be released due to mismanagement. You'll have forgotten most of the story by the time it will be added. So if you managed to wait so far, hold off on buying it, make sure they actually build the 2nd part, then play the game as a whole."
76561198011987026,Not Recommended,232790,10328675,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Paulander,"At its current state, i.e. only part 1 released, I do not recommend this game. Do NOT buy until part 2 is released, whenever the hell that is ...Recommending this game is really hard, since we only have half-ish (?) of it, thus making any critique is hard to put into perspective.For instance, the puzzles are too easy BUT MAYBE in the second part it gets tougher (?).The game is too short (took me 2-3 hours) BUT MAYBE the second part is longer (?).The puzzles and overall gameplay aren't great, but the writing and voice acting is great, BUT :The cliffhanger is not strong enough to warrant the wait for the second part (at the time I'm writing this, it's been 5 months since part 1 came out, which by itself is reason enough to be angry about this game) and because we get time to think about the cliffhanger ( 5 months +) you get plenty of time to figure out what's actually going on, which I felt ends up spoiling the build-up of part 1, thus breaking the narrative flow of the whole thing.It's just like when you tell a joke, you have to deliver the punch-line or else the whole thing falls flat. They promise they will eventually deliver the ""punchline"", but the joke is already ruined."
,Not Recommended,232790,19656250,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,TheHKX,"I liked this game. I think? It's complicated, okay!Well, it isn't that I can't recommend this game. I would, to certain kinds of people and I know for sure that they are out there, it's just that I wouldn't to the majority out there. But let's get into this because as I said: It's complicated...Let's talk about the mechanics first.It's your standart Point'n'Click Adventure. Inventory system's a bit wonky but it does its job. Collect items, drag and drop, solve puzzles. That's about it.The only new and interesting thing - and the one that drew me to it in the first place - is that you switch between the two main protagonists and experience the world from their points of view. They didn't really do anything with it mechanic-wise until Part 2 though, so up until then it was only a gimmick really. But a nice one. I enjoyed switching between charakters every other puzzle and it helped to paint a better picture of the world and its story, in my opinion.Oh, story. In theory I should love this game. For me narrative is more key to a great experience than mechanics (a blend between the two being the ""perfect game"") which is why I enjoy games that do focus on it more than I do ""skill-based"" ones. Adventure games typically one of the genres that shine in that regard.And the story to Broken Age is interesting. Well, the ending of Part 1 that is and some of Part 2 up until its rather anticlimatic finish.All in all it's a story of coming-of-age, paralells and juxtapositions between the protagonists drawn rather well. All characters are likeable, the voice work is well done, the humour keeps your attention but nothing really stands out much.Looking at the other arts as well, the designs are great and so is the music, the animation does its job and all in all they work together well.But never before in my life have I found myself so physically tired while playing a game. Not frustrated, not bored, not overjoyed, not laughing - nothing. And that's a pitty because I like this game. It just does everything well but supposedly not well enough for me to really be enjoying it. And even when thinking back about the games I've played in my life this one will probably be forgotten somewhere down the line and to be honest, I'm kind of sad about it.Well, if you want to give it a try I can't NOT recommend it either. It's a bit pricey for the experience you get out of it, in my opinion, so if you ever catch it on sale and are curious about it, please, do help yourself. And I hope you'll be able to enjoy it more than I have."
76561198125975075,Not Recommended,232790,9983722,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Pennamechris,"Okay, so I bought this game because I'm so very fond of point and click games, but I have to say this one was hyped up to be much more than it was.I loved so many things about this game. The beautiful graphics, the voice acting very good, and the soundtrack very nice. But for a point and click game, it left me with few things to click and explore, its so linear that its rather boring. The secondary characters are pretty flat and you aren't give enough interactions to care about anyone in the world, including the characters themeselves. The only character that actually had any depth was Vella, even the second MC, Shay was flat and boring.As for the puzzles themselves, they weren't challenging, and there was no real ""challenge"" to them really, Just find stuff and use it on the right person or place and oooh you've done it.I hate to be the nay-sayer among so many voices crying how good it is, but even from a story standpoint, if this act was supposed to get me interested in the characters and wanting to know more about their plights, this acts fell incredibly short. A real shame because I really really wanted to like this game and was hoping for a fresh and new game with all the beauty this game has.I can't say I hated this game, it wasn't annoying or gaudy in any way, it as just bland. Which is a real shame since the art is so rich and alive, I had been hoping for a story and a game with those things in equal measure."
,Not Recommended,232790,15623461,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Jean,"I hate to say it, but, this game is kinda disappointing.+ Original and beautiful art style+ Good voice acting-  Story-telling is meh-  Lackluster and strained plot itself, especially the anti-climatic ending-  ok puzzles and theme"
,Not Recommended,232790,12941777,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Futil1ty,"DO NOT BUY. The art style, characters, voice acting, quality sound production, and story are very enticing... But what we have as a result of a $4,000,000+ budget is definitely not a ""classic point-and-click adventure game"". Most of the puzzles essentially solve themselves, the entire ""adventure"" is incredibly linear (read: no exploration), and the second half of the game is STILL missing almost a year later. What you'll get for this ridiculous price is at MOST a 5-hour cartoon. This does not measure up to Double Fine's or Tim Schafer's standard. I repeat, DO NOT BUY.Find a longplay or a Let's Play on YouTube if you want to watch it. You won't be missing out on any gameplay.EDIT: The rest of the game is now available. I will update the review when I complete it."
76561198046461340,Not Recommended,232790,8937909,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,PadishahEmperor,"I was lured into purchasing this title because it promoted a throwback to old school point-and-click adventure games like Monkey Island. While indeed it is point-and click, it is by no means a throwback to those of yesteryear. The puzzles were beyond easy. I kept half expecting Dora the Explorer to pop up and ask me, "" Do you see see the triangle?"", with the preceding pause and eventual highlighting of the object. This was only enhanced by the art direction of the game. It is done very much in the style of Nick Jr. cartoons. But, I figured what the game was lacking in animation it would make up for in both storyline and mechanics. I was sadly disappointed. The storyline fit the art direction. Meaning, it would be entertaining for an audience of toddlers. And this same thread followed into the mechanics as well. Which Items could be interacted with were very obvious in the environment: oversized, brightly colored, etc, compared to the old LucasArts games that would take hours, days, or months to discover what needed to be done next to progress forward.To sum things up, if you loved point-and-click titles, like The Secret of Monkey Island, THE DIG, and LOOM, you're better off replaying them. However, if you enjoyed those titles, and want a game for your toddler, than look no further."
76561198122984059,Not Recommended,232790,8909586,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Sweet Jonny Ross,"The game certainly has its charms, but lacks any real quality to engage the player. I generally find point and click adventures to be enjoyable however Broken Age lacks the crucial elements of tension and investigation which Telltale games like ""The Walking Dead"" and ""The Wolf Among Us"" capture so perfectly.Simply clicking to put things where they need to be has left this game...boring. I can't see myself obsessing for Act 2.A rare miss for Doublefine in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,232790,8986772,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,digory,"The game is split in two parts, the boy's part and the girl's part. Both parts are too short, even though it's just the first half of the game. I finished it in 6 hours, and I'm sure you could do it in four.The boy part is very babyish. The puzzles at the beginning are extremely simple, which is of course intended, but still I think it would bore even a child of 12. Even when the boy meets the wolf (which actually looks more like a fox), things stay rater simple. The graphics on the screen of the ""rescue machine"" are horrible, this whole rescue thing doesn't feel real, but is very abstract and silly.The girl part is much better. I even actually like this part of the plot. There are some jokes (finally) and even some puzzles that aren't just trivial. (They aren't very hard either, but that's OK.) The part tastes a little too girlish for me, but that's just my opinion. I liked the two sentinels and the puking tree best.The graphics are quite nicely painted in general. This is even the case in the boy part of the plot (apart from the rescue machine's screen). The problem with the scenery in that part is that everything looks so baby-like, I can't help disliking it. In the girl part, I especially like the slow animation of plants in some screens, or the birds in the sky at the beach. When there is a closeup, however, graphics become very blurry. Also, apart from some smoke and a laser ray, there's almost no special effects.I like the fact that the music was played by a real orchestra. Unfortunately, it doesn't make much difference, because the game lacks of a recognisable theme. There is no opening sequence, no central score, so the music stays just in the background. The thing with background music is that it tends to get on your nerves after some time. I would have liked it better if there was one score that appeared in cutscenes, while the rest of the game would stick to ambient sound effects.The overall impression of the game is not very good. It's too short, babyish, girlish, unchallenging, uninspiring. I'm not sure if I am going to be willing to invest six more hours playing the second part when it's out."
76561198072203607,Not Recommended,232790,9392815,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Gorgeousplanet,"PROs: Gorgeous game, wonderful audio, intriguing puzzles that were both challenging and intuitive.CONs: Short, super, super short. Like shorter than a Big Fish Adventure game. Steam says I had 4 hours total gameplay so far... I think it was more like 3 if you don't include pauses. Seriously, ridiculously short! Even with the addition of Act 2 (which is included in the price), even if it doubles the gameplay time, that still makes this game too short. I did not skip any unheard dialogue or unseen cinematics and played through both entire stories.I would recommend if it's on sale (I bought it for 16.99 and even that is more than I feel comfortable with), I cannot justify full price for the length of this game."
,Not Recommended,232790,9629207,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,E- la -in,"Damn. I waited this as I used to love the games these guys (this guy?) made before like Grim Fandango. I bought it so we could enjoy an old skool klik adventure with my son. We both felt it was really boring; the conversations and ideas really downright uninteresting and alltogether a passionless game. We didnt play more than an hour and neither of us wants to head out to this game at all anymore.I dont recommend this game at all, I feel like uninstalling it but it was EXPENSIVE. Where did they put the money they got into?"
76561197972915600,Recommended,232790,19375658,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,aWildCzechAppears,"I bought this game during the summer sale, and it was well worth the VERY LOW price I paid.  Unfortunately,I cannot recommend it for the full retail price.  So why do I recommend this game, anyway?Read on...First ImpressionsThe first thing you will notice are the well-scripted animations for each character.  The art style is quite appealing to the eyes, and fluidity between actions is definitely there.  The game is played by switching between the perspectives of a young man (Shay) and young girl (Vella); I started my playthrough as Vella and was instantly sold on the story.Game StructureThe game is split into two acts, and for me the first act was more story-driven, while the second act was very puzzle-driven.  As I mentioned, the story is pretty good and I always wanted to uncover more, but the climax and ending fell short of my expectations.  The second issue I have with the game are the puzzles, which I will explain in more detail...The PuzzlesAh yes, the puzzles!  If you go and read discussions (SPOILERS IN THERE) you will find that many people are complaining that the puzzles for this game are way too hard to the point that they are ""moon logic"" puzzles.  I somewhat disagree.  During my first (and only) playthrough I found that the solutions to two particular puzzles were very farfetched and even said aloud to myself in both instances, ""who would ever think to do that?"".  Near the very end of the game is a third puzzle that is actually very complex and difficult to solve, but I ended up enjoying it since I had some pen and paper ready for notes.  This third puzzle alone easily took me about an hour to complete and is the puzzle that many people complain about.  In my opinion, some of the other puzzles were more confusing and tedious.  All-in-all, I liked the mix of puzzle difficulty and adventure, but I have to admit that I used a walkthrough on more than one occasion when I felt stuck (which is hard to do if you don't want to spoil the rest of the game).  So, if you are not super casual and have the patience to spend an hour or more on a single problem, then you will most likely enjoy this game.RecommendationNow for the reason I cannot recommend it for the full retail price of $25: a very bad ending.  Everything up to the very end of the game answered enough questions to keep me thoroughly entertained.  However, once you complete the game you are left with a series of images on the credits screen that fill in the final bits of the story.  It helps explain what people ended up doing once the story has concluded, but it fails to answer many questions about the final scene of the game.  I had so many questions about the origins of Mog Chothra, the Plague Dam, Sugar Bunting's past (as Steel Bunting), and why the Volta's and Alex had to be tricked.  Also, the concluding scene never explains how the attack is abruptly stopped, why the whole operation had to play out for ""as long as anyone remembers"", and what happened to Vella's grandmother or why she was in Sugar Bunting.My Final JudgementIf you can buy this game on sale then it is probably worth it, even if the ending is not that great.The game had enough charm and other positive qualities for me to recommend it, but I would not have bought it if I had to pay $25./Review"
76561197977504496,Not Recommended,232790,13542580,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Maintenance Renegade,"I like what's there but it's only half a game, half a game, half a game that Tim Schafer double dipped into kickstarter to produce and then didn't meet anything close to his promises in regards to finishing it. When I bought this it was with the understanding that the second half would be out in a few months but it's been more than a damned year. I payed the sticker price for a full game and I got half a game.  I'm not holding my breath as to whether the second part really is ever coming out.Meanwhile Tim Schafer is laying off employees while throwing stupid expensive parties in San Francisco DJ'd by a guy who's now known to be a co-conspirator in a plot to rig an awards show. That is when Tim isn't taking a break to embaressing appearences in videos where he ♥♥♥♥♥ on his own community and calls us all mysogynists.It's all just one giant ongoing fall from grace. Tim used to have something, he was an esteemed and respectable figure who made two of my favorite games of all times in Psychonauts and Brutal legend. Now he's just a sad has been who squeezes gullible crowdfunds and ♥♥♥♥s around. I hate to say EA was right but EA was right, he mismanages money and can't run a project. It's a shame because he is a talented artist, but I cannot overlook what a collossal shitheel he is or how badly he follows through on his commitments.PART 2 UPDATE:So part 2 came out awhile ago and I finally bothered to complete the last chunk of it. In short part 2 is absolutely terrible, the entire story falls apart, all you do is retread the existing environments and I have no idea how Double Fine managed to spend about four million dollars and over a year of additional developement on this. Part 2 seems like nothing more than something put together out of obligation and little else, and it makes me strongly suspect they were just writing the entire thing as they went.Broken Age's story is a classic case of cool mystery leading to goofy revelations, if you've ever followed a show like Lost or Twin Peaks you'll probably know what I'm talking about. It contains several really obnoxious puzzles including one where the solution is to just stand around doing nothing and quite alot of tedious robot re-wiring.Meanwhile Schafer himself continued to be even more of a joke and a jackass than ever, and the way he runs his company I'll be very surprised if it's still in business in five years or doing anything more than churning out IOS shovelware at best. I certainly wont be buying anything else he makes and I'm damn glad I didn't give a cent to either of the kickstarters so at least my name isn't enshrined in the credits with all those other suckers.Stay away, stay far far away."
,Recommended,232790,22414947,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,UpenAtom,It's tough but good.
,Recommended,232790,30439006,Posted: 10 March,all,Ch3ls3ab0t,"Very good game. Challenging puzzles, intruiging story, runs like a charm, adorable artwork. I personally found the ending to be somewhat disappointing, but the game overall is a great piece of work."
76561198153259296,Recommended,232790,32702271,Posted: 23 June,all,Sophmeister,Fantastic story-based game. A great twist in the middle and the puzzles are enjoyable and challenging.
76561198130944496,Recommended,232790,10960502,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ffffff,Game fun and wonderful drawing STORY
76561198099242449,Recommended,232790,9627150,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,StLouisR1,A truly fun and imaginitive game. I look forward to the second installment.Broken Age has a healthy dose of offbeat humor that livens up the characters but suffers from short story lines. I will hold off any further judgement until the next installment; where I suspect the story will become more developed and tied together.
,Recommended,232790,8935837,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Fronzie,The return of the classic Lucasarts style point and click adventures.
,Recommended,232790,11020612,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,IrritableJohnRust,"Part 1 review: I liked this gentle scifi comedy. I've heard of complaints that the puzzles are too easy and I'd disagree, though unlike some games, if you use the spanner and then the bucket on an item to try to solve a puzzle, it will often give you a hint that you need to use the item on the bucket then spanner, rather than keeping you guessing at every possible combination for hours on end. I liked the riddle, mainly because I didn't have the item in question and only by working it out did I know where to go to solve it.Part 2: the problems definitely ramp up in difficulty and, though I liked the challenge, I have a beef with some aspects of this. MINOR SPOILER AHEAD Several problems rely on using information one of the characters you control discovers with the other, but, in some cases, there's no way the information could be passed on. Sort of like a game in which a person in England in the 1870s discovers a diary entry which gives the combination to a safe which is then used by a character you control in the revolutionary America. No internal logic to justify the transfer of information. They might at least have hinted at some sort of telepathic link between the two or something but if they do, I missed it... This irks me. Possibly unnecesssarily, and the rest of the game is great, it's just that this makes me go Hmmmm. A lack of care in game design."
76561198057482188,Recommended,232790,11203070,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Reverud-san,"Tim Schafer brings back puzzle adventure games and he doesen't dissapoint.From the creator of the monkey Island series, grim fandango and full throttle, comes a new amazing story, following a boy and a girl, from 2 different worlds.Can't wait for part 2."
76561198066933842,Recommended,232790,11227523,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Keiss,Awesome visuals! Awesome soundtrack! Awesome story! AWESOME GAME!!!
,Recommended,232790,9985467,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Ichi Dargon,"Extremely amazing. Rather short, but worth every moment. Don't use walk throughs or spoilers! just interact with everything and you should be good to go."
,Recommended,232790,10015367,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,dangeropolis,"you could discuss broken age as a commentary on today's attitudes on both work and technology. an over-dependency on having computers and machines do everything for you in an incresingly apathetic world. plus, with the maiden offerings you could draw parallels of a learned helplessness in a sacrificial market. as more and more take the plunge, less are willing to be the dissenting opinion. it's a terrifying reality.but on the other hand, a tree vomits on you once you show it a stool, so, there's that.that was pretty cool."
,Recommended,232790,10959252,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[GW] Candy,"beautiful point and click game with an intresting storyline and puzzels. some can be hard and you might have to do some backtracking to solve them. I'm not goingt to lie .. needed a bit of help from the interwebs near the end.. but its all worth it, cant wait for act 2!"
,Recommended,232790,11320769,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,76561193705059552,"Having just finished this game I can say it was enjoyable, but I debate if this game is worth the 24 bucks they are currently selling it for. I find it frustrating that there is going to be a second act without an determined release date. I feel It would be worth it if both were released at the same time. But until then I would say wait. I know that the second act is going to be free, but it still feels odd, its like buying a season pass for a game but not knowing what you are going to be getting out of it, or when.But there, that was my complaint about price, not substance. This game is a real gem, everything is hand painted,  and the way the animations work with that make the game instantly nostalgic. Its like a living cartoon. I showed this game to my 1 1/2 year old niece and she was instantly entranced. So the art is captivating and impressive. The voice acting in this game is great, it is splattered with famous actors. Like another review stated saying that the spoon in this game has more personality than most other characters in other games. I feel a lot of the big charm that hits you at the first of the game wears off a little bit after the first few minutes. It's not that it goes away, but the game becomes less captivating as I went along. But this is a great game to mess around with. View it like a film and then you won't be dissapointed in the time that it takes to complete it. plus add in the second act of the game and that should add 2 or 3 hours to the 2 hours it takes to beat the first act.I do have to add that this game has complete support for tablets and that is really cool. I keep on trying to find games to play on my dell venue 8 pro, and this one works perfect. My only complaint about the interface is that I couldnt get the hint button to show up on my desktop, it would only show up on my tablet. So In a way this game is better played on a tablet.Well, basically I would say hold off on this game for now, its not worth the full price just yet, when the 2nd act comes I would say that it would be worth it. I just don't completly understand why the people making this game can get away with selling this game for 10 bucks on the ios store, but sell it for 25 on pc. Its the same game, litterally, there are no differences or cut backs between the versions, except possible the 8 bit mode, but I have not looked into that since I don't own an apple product. This game would be completly worth it for 10 bucks and feels more of an appropriate price. But again I am getting into the price to much. As a game alone this game is great fun, it has such attidute that is easy to get sucked into. The world they establish just feels so strange, and when I say that I mean any one playing can sense something is up. It keeps on teasing that not everything is not as it seems, but it really lets you figure that out instead of just giving it to you. Might sound weird but it was worth it for the minute that I got to jack blacks character in the game. This game will make you laugh, and at the same time squirm trying to figure what its about."
76561198057533682,Recommended,232790,8915572,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Hourlongmean,"Holy crap, where do I start on this marvelous game?! Ok, this masterpiece came from the brilliant mind of Tim Schafer, the King of point-and-clicks, who hasn't made a point-and-click adventure game in over 16 years. But he still has it! Broken Age tells the story of two vastly different, yet eerily similar, young people, Vella and Shay. You can play whoevers story first and alternate between them, in case you are stuck on a puzzle, which I believe is a brilliant mechanic. The visual art style is absolutely gorgeous and the characters are well developed. The gameplay is, well, point-and-click and if you aren't a fan of this, the game won't change your opinion on it. However, absolutely everyone should play this game, it puts multimillion dollar ""triple A"" games to shame and I can't wait for the second part! (FYI the game is split into two parts, the first is out right now, but the second is coming out later this year as a free update)                                                              I'm giving this game a 9.7/10."
,Recommended,232790,11419233,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,[PEKE] Pikkulintu,"I loved it, waiting to see more of this!Wonderful details and character, the story takes you away :)"
,Recommended,232790,8906941,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Jiro the Machine,Great game with a nice story. The puzzles were a bit too easy but it was fine. I am wondering when part two will come out.
,Recommended,232790,12338555,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Petel,"Might want to wait and see if part 2 will ever come out, but is a good game overall"
,Recommended,232790,9052540,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Chicken Boy,"This game is so brilliantly made, the art style is unique and the voice acting is amazing, considering how little i usually enjoy point and clicks i was surprised how much i love this game, Act 1 is short but sweet (literally in Vella's hometown) and the final cutscene after completing both stories leaves you on such a cliffhanger it leaves you begging for more.11/10"
76561198069877806,Recommended,232790,33752981,Posted: 23 July,all,ur Game Buddy,"A click&point game with a beautifully drawn graphics and an interesting story-split theme.Great voice acting and character behaviour.The difficulty of the riddles goes higher closer to the end so it gets a bit challenging.The only flaw I saw was the irritating repetition of moves if you fail the riddle sequence in the final chapter.All in all, a good 8/10."
,Not Recommended,232790,31560106,Posted: 5 May,all,shay.nioum,"I will go ahead and say this, the first act was amazing. I loved it and now that I've played act 2 I would be content to never play past act 1. Act 2 was horrifying, when it focused on how Shay and Vella explored the other's world it was fine, and some of the puzzles were fine too. However, other puzzles pushed the line, and it had comepletely lost me at the wiring puzzle at the very end of Shay's story, some will say that it was simple, but coming from someone who was happy with act 1's puzzles this made it impossible to complete. I cannot get past the wiring hexipal puzzle, and with how long I've been at it I really don't want to. This game ruins the immersion with those kinds of puzzles, and for me it pretty much ruined the game. Only get it if the game is either cheap, or on sale. Or if you enjoy the feeling of both rage and betrayal."
,Recommended,232790,9394968,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,TheHamOfficial,"I love this game so much. The characters are cute and funny, the story lines are extremely engaging. I enjoyed all of the dialogue and jokes. The puzzles had some nice challenging parts but I was never stuck enough to need to google anything. The art and soundtrack are amazing as well. Only thing I didn't like is that it's so short! I AM DYING FOR ACT 2. I'd rank this game as one of my all time favorites up there with Costume Quest, Machinarium and Botanicula."
76561198020732820,Recommended,232790,15693185,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,jmb88,"Act 1 was perfect, just the right level of hard puzzles and fun characters.  Act 2 was good at providing a satisfying conclusion, though the puzzle difficulty jumped and the puzzles didn't flow as well as they needed to, especially compared to act 1.But this is not two seperate games, this is one game, and should be appreciated as such.  Strong opening with excellent characters, with demerit for unintuitive puzzles at the end.  Very similar difficulty curve as Psychonauts.Not too long, not too short.  Definetly great value."
76561198021150723,Not Recommended,232790,15935305,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,samuraipoet,"Broken age is fantastic and terrible.Fantastic:The pastel-colored storybook visuals are gorgeous. The voice acting is some of the best you will ever hear in a game. Period. Seriously, it's incredible. The whimsical world of the game is packed with funny, light-hearted, just plain fun characters and ideas.Terrible:Though they start out strong, the puzzles begin to require pointless trial and error, backtracking. Worse, they become increasingly nonsensical, until the solutions are so obtuse that progression is all but impossible. Unfortunately a good walkthrough is absolutely essential. You'll be consulting it constantly during the later stages of the game.If you don't have anything against playing in a window with a walkthrough open beside the game, this is a fun little adventure. Seriously, the casting and quirky, enthusiastically performed dialogue is really fun. You'll only get around a dozen hours of playtime from this title, so wait for it to go on sale before you pick this up, if at all."
,Not Recommended,232790,15918627,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Befraia,"What a pity: I was so exicted when the kickstarter campain surpassed Schafer's requested amount. Now, after all the excitement, and after having play Act one, which was fresh and funny, I found myself with act two that has hard puzzles and no fun at all.Where has all the kickstarter money gone? Why is Act Two so diffcult and frustrating to play?I didn't finished it, uninstalled it after 7 hours. Not even enjoyable with walkthrough. And this means something!"
76561198129799999,Not Recommended,232790,15982381,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Derpson,"I really wanted to like this game. I reserved judgement until I'd seen the whole thing, despite the protracted release, but the end result is so mediocre.Positives:+ Charming art style.+ Shay's story arc on the Bossa Nova was pretty fun.+ The spoon would've been a fitting character in any classic adventure game.+ I appreciate that they at least tried to put more puzzles in the second act.Negatives:- The storyline falls apart in the second act. It feels so rushed, poorly thought through, and completely detached from the mood of the first act. It seems like the ending was written and re-written well after the first act rather than as one continuous story. Disappointing.- I realize that not every adventure protagonist can be Guybrush, but Vella is a thoroughly uninteresting character. She's too bland to even be unlikeable. Given what she faces in the story, I can't understand why they directed her voice actress to sound like she's on a high dose of Xanax.- The dialog trees feel tired and rarely capture the charm of Schafer's previous efforts.- There's little enjoyment to be found in exploration, and that's the whole point of this genre."
76561198022260454,Not Recommended,232790,15921398,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Rivia1270,"After pre-paying this game through a steam sale for $10 and waiting for the second half to complete the game, I can safely say that Broken Age is not worth buying.Story: Act 1 presented a clear theme of defiance since the protagonists of the story yearning to break free from their own culture respectively and tackle a conflict in their own respective worlds. Act 2, on the other hand, tries its best to answer the players' speculations (or guesses about the lore of the game) from Act 1 but only to end up with more head scratching and confusion that makes you want to say ""How does this makes sense?"" or just ""What?"". I'm not going to spoil the ending but the second half's story just feels like it's just wasting your time but the game is obligated to finish the writing.Gameplay: In Act 1, most of the time, it was a breeze to solve through the puzzles. In Act 2, on the other hand, Double Fine did take the feedback of past players (who played act 1) for more difficult puzzles and made it happen, which I ended up pulling out a guide frequently because I encountered some puzzles that required you to just WAIT and one that you have to fix something with broken wires eats up an hour of the game because there's not much explanation on how this puzzle works which leaves me much frustration for every time the proposed solution doesn't work. I will never understand why hard puzzles complement well with a great story (not this game at least).Art: The only good aspect of this game, I praised the art design because it's like an interactive children's storybook adventure and now I won't be able to play this game again with my little brothers and sisters due to how the second act ruined the overall story of the game.Overall: I gave this game a 5/10, I was going to give a 6/10 for its art and some humor but I couldn't, because this is the first video game from kickstarter that achieved publisher-like funding that everyone hoped for AAA quality, and now, here we are, getting a game that ended up mediocre.Sadly I love playing Psychonauts, and I'm even more sad to say that I'm disappointed in Tim Schafer not able to deliver the game's promise. No matters what others say about cutting him some slack or that we're all too hard on him and his company, this game was funded ""$3.3. million + requested additional funding"", there's no excuses for delivering a mediocre game.Again, I can't recommend this point-n-click adventure game. You're better off spending to other interesting games that are worth your time."
,Not Recommended,232790,21094326,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,rainah,"Act one was amazing. genuinely amazing. It was an incredible experience, delving into the polarizing lives of the heroes, Shay and Vella. I found myself intrigued by the ideas and curious about the way in which the stories collided. I thought I had stumbled upon an incredible masterpiece of a game. I couldn't tear myself away, and made an effort to interact with every element of the game.But, unfortunetly, act two fell short. incredibly short. instead of being a journey like act one, it was a mess of ridiculously hard puzzles and a lack of intriguing story. it was horrible, i didn't enjoy it at all. I spent too long on puzzles initially, and in the end looked up walkthroughs for the rest of the way. it lacked so much of what they nailed in the first act, and as a result, I have to say that, while act one was amazing, act two was disappointing and therefore, I do not recommend it."
,Recommended,232790,23141692,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Grantley,"I really did like this game. It had good puzzles, good intrigue- and a fine story (through Act 1). Then it's almost as if the writers went, ""Oh... shoot- we actually should have done it like this. Let's try to slip this in and hope they don't notice."" Act 2 is just a MASSIVE plot hole- literally seems like 2 different people were writing the story with the second left trying to connect the second to the first with a lot of saccharin overtones. In-game tries to explain this massive plot hole but it's like hearing a really unconvincing lie, but choosing to believe it because- ""eh, I'll give the person the benefit of a doubt"".Overall I'd recommend it, it was fun with a few challenging puzzles- you might get stuck in 2 places, (seems like a lot of people did) walkthroughs are helpful on that account. It's probably worth about $25 for ~40ish hours of playtime (you may go through it faster). I've seen worse movies for more than $25 (with my S.O. and I)."
,Not Recommended,232790,26527968,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Orbital_shenanigans,"An amazingly good looking game with a unique art style, Some of the Best voice acting, and a few funny knee slappers thrown in. Yet somehow i could not pull myself together to finish this game. there is just something about it that makes me not care about the story or what happens next. it just seems dull after a while and it is honestly pretty hard for me to decide between recommending this or not. But with there being games so simular but so much more fun, i sadly can't say i would recommend this to my friends.6/10"
,Not Recommended,232790,15807467,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,DrTy Words,"Broken age is broken. Also obvious troll is obvious. This game is good for one thing, being in my backlog. I will probably never play the second act. I was so excited to hear about Tim Schafer making a new game I gladly purchased early access. Taking a break halfway through this game to not only start new projects, but to see them through to completion before continuing this project is lamentable. Not everyone who returns from obscurity deserves it."
76561198040976921,Recommended,232790,16815475,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Nanvil,I'm so immersed into these 2 storylines. I've seen some negative reviews and I think those people need to understand what fun is. I highly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of point-and-clicks and also is a fan of a great story. I've been a supporter of Tim Schafer and his awesome crew at Double Fine. I've loved the games these people have come up with. You guys keep up the great work!
76561198194469293,Recommended,232790,22747395,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,aisling.ffrench,"Beautiful imagery, witty dialogue, interesting plot. Definitely worth playing."
76561198129579630,Not Recommended,232790,15994078,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,invisibilbo,"Act 1 was great.Act 2 took 1.5 years to arrive,was set in the same damn locations, puzzles were repetitive, story crashed and burned into a crappy mess with no mystery throughout, or closure at the end. Literally the ending leaves you like ""Uh, really? The credits are rolling?"" PoS game because of all the time invested for LITERALLY nothing.TL;DR - It's like the developers didn't even try in Act 2. They must have whipped up Act 2 on their private yachts partially sinking (from the money weight) with a Piña Colada in one hand."
,Not Recommended,232790,16286855,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,benderpoa,"ACT 1: Two teenagers trying to figure out life and trying to break from what's been imposed to them in order to be free to follow their own paths. Characters are likable and relatable. Inspiring, lovely, moving, brilliant!ACT 2: Evil aliens and a lot of going back and forth (without a fast-travel-map) fetching items and puzzle-solving to save your lives. Not only did they fail to explore further the main theme of Act 1 but they also threw it in the trash. And spit on it! Boring, frustrating, uninspiring, irritating!Visuals and voice acting are fantastic, and you can make analogies with issues related to oppression, racism, gender. One thing I liked is that the black female character is more important and relevant than the white male character (usually you'd expect the male-white-character-is-the-hero-and-saves-helpless-girl cliché).Even so, I don't recommend the game. I could maybe recommend only Act 1 and the feeling of wondering what Act 2 could have been rather than actually experiencing it. But if you play Act 1 you won't believe they could actually ruin the game and you'll want to play Act 2. And it doesn't feel right to recommend something that can cause such frustration..."
76561198012962211,Recommended,232790,31474076,Posted: 30 April,all,Tallowhand,"This was...okay. The first half is solid, but then the second half just kind of peters out. Likewise, the first half feels like a real game while the second half feels like what it was -- a rushed, half-hearted conclusion by people who had already moved on to other projects. :/ My advice? Just play the first Act, then imagine what might have been. Wil Wheaton's character in Act 2 is pretty funny, but otherwise...meh."
76561198010505891,Recommended,232790,22576460,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Gaghskull,"This game is a lot of fun. Yes, in the second part there is a bit of the classic weird adventure game logic, yet I never gave up on it like I had with something from Gabriel Knight. The art is adorable, and the characters a lot of fun. You could do far worse than playing this."
,Recommended,232790,20208384,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,GFXargo,"Charming, funny and great looking. I got lost in the game world which is probably most important thing - loved characters and little sub plots. Sadly it felt really short and rushed at act 2. Puzzles also felt like they could be better - but overall i really recomed to play it, especially if you like adventure games."
76561198081739432,Recommended,232790,20200906,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Huntress,"I... Don't know exactly WHAT to say.I just finished the game and while I sympathize with many on a few issues in it (namely the background pixalation at times and the overly challenging Act 2 puzzles), I must recommend.The story is incredibly charming, in my opinion. I didn't mind the development in Act 2 as much as others seemed to in their reviews. Maybe I'm blinded by how much I love Elijah Wood's voice acting, but I respected the growth between parts. Shay and Vella's development run in parallel to each other well, and I liked how you could always switch between the two mid-play to further them together. The main problem in Act 2 for me is how you eventually need player knowledge for both protagonists to progress. Something you learned as Vella you need for Shay's side, and vice versa. It removes you a bit from the immersion you should have with this adventure game, ESPECIALLY near it's climax (where this is occurs).All in all, I give it about an 8.5-9/10. Somewhere around there. Buy this on a sale if you fear you may be disappointed by anything. Read around for more reviews to get an understanding of what irks people."
,Recommended,232790,20331717,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,MissScarIet,"There is a reason this game was successfully crowdfunded, because Tim Schafer is brilliant and knows how to make wonderful games. If you don't like point and click adventure games then this game might not be for you. But, it might be a style of game you never imagined you would enjoy, so try it. It really is a stellar game."
76561198088672159,Not Recommended,232790,16257218,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Assistant,"Okay so here's the deal. The first half of this game? Amazing. Second half? NOT worth the wait and a complete drag to pull yourself through.The first half of this game throws us into two completely seperate worlds. The fantasy realm of Vella and the sci-fi world of Shay. Both are works of art visually and plot wise, with mechanical creatures covered in kid-friendly yarn and controls made out of baby toys to sacrifices to ancient monsters and snakes who hate the sound of tubas.The characters are interesting enough, with plenty to say and the protragonists willing to chatter on about almost anything you click on. Plus the mid game reveal? It will have you on the edge of your seat.Sounds good right? Then you get to the second half...WHICH immediately strips the game of most of its most charming qualities, re-uses almost all the stages from the last half (there is only one new stage you really explore) and ties everything together with a rather shoddy villain collaberations which I really feel was a last minute descision.Especially the fact that they plucked a character who had minor screen time in the first act and settled her into the villain conglamorate where they REALLY stuck out with how different their character design was from EVERYONE ELSE and reused the same exact lines they used during their limited screen time before rather than have the voice actor come back and at least change the inflection of the voice to be more dramatic.Also the puzzles in the scond half are an absolute chore, there is a difference between a good puzzle, and a tedius one. Many of the puzzles in this game are defintely the latter in the second half, and also pull you out of the storyline as they require info from one protragonist be used with the other protragonist with no communication between them they just ""magically know the answer"" due to you (the players) intervention.All in all, if its on sale I guess get it but know that only half of the game is really worth playing and the final resolution will feel cheap and unfullfilling despite the first halfs quaint charm. Definitely not worth full price."
,Not Recommended,232790,20439753,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Sammich,"Act 1 will remind you of how much you used to love old point&click games,Act 2 will remind you why you stopped playing them. Thank god for online walkthroughs."
76561198018784450,Not Recommended,232790,33384324,Posted: 8 July,all,Talkkuna,"The game looks and sounds nice, but it's boring. Too much running around, slowly, dialogs are not interesting and you can't skip them by line, puzzles are trivial or don't make that much sense. I guess the story and theme is targeted for children/teens."
76561198014378626,Not Recommended,232790,15809000,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,saj,"Act 1.  Masterpiece.Act 2. Pile of Steaming Dog Poo.Act 1, had the perfect mix of comedy, acting, puzzle solving, heartfelt emotion and pure gold.Act 2, had story contrivances ... one character knowing that the other character needed something in a specific way for them to progress... when said character had NO CLUE WHATSOEVER what the other character needed.  Oh but the player did.And the puzzles, annoying to solve and it takes a lot of switcing between characters and, to me, breaking up narrative flow.At the end of Act 2, my hair was pulled from it's resting place, my game also BSOD my computer at least once and I had screamed to high holy heaven in aggravation.It's like Tim Shafer created a masterpiece... then went on to make a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sequel that takes all the previous wonder, comedy, fun ... and RIPPED IT RIGHT OUT.Act 1 - Laughed 9-10 times.Act 2 - Two giggles... lots of hair pulling.5/10 ... and it's only that high because of Act 1.A waste of money at its current price however... and I feel sorry for the 1500+ people who donated millions to Tim Shafer for this piece of awesome game and crap game at the same time.  I could just feel their wonderment after playing Act 1 ... quickly turn into ""WHY THE F DID I GIVE TIM SHAFER MY MONEY?!"" when they got to Act 2.Tim... for the love of god ... where did all the money go? Into paying the actors right? Did you waste it all on the actors and have nothing left for Act 2? Is the reason it took so long because you were out of money to make a decent end to your game?"
,Recommended,232790,9180050,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Nahakieri,ШШШшикарно
,Recommended,232790,20390130,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ERAT,"The story is really cool. And if you havent seen the documentary that goes with it, that's free on youtube and its really cool. Seriously its a really good game."
,Recommended,232790,20361643,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Chestbursted,"Act I was a bit short and simple, but Act II had some nice a bit harder puzzles. A really nice point & click adventure with nice graphics, music and voice talent."
76561198068921823,Recommended,232790,17202062,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Wouter | Uprise,"Great game, with a lengty and interesting storyline. Pretty difficult though, so make your chest wet :P"
76561198006401366,Recommended,232790,31383766,Posted: 26 April,all,General_Admission,"A fun puzzle game with great voice acting and absolutely beautiful artwork.  I found the world a relaxing place to visit for casual play over a few evenings.If you've enjoyed other point-and-click adventures, I would recommend playing this one as well."
,Not Recommended,232790,13035780,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Draquila,"It's only half-done and the development has been horribly mismanaged. If the second half comes out and is as good as the first, I'll change this to a Yes. Until then, I suggest you take your money elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,232790,20453479,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Usually Blue,"TL;DRPart 1:Yes! Fun, clever, comical, interesting.Part 2:No! Monotonous, forced, pointless, and disappointing."
76561198101073107,Recommended,232790,23185885,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,thewizardmac,Very nice game but act 2 is very hard to beat.
,Not Recommended,232790,15619067,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,♜,"Act 1""Let's make this bright, fast paced tale of intrigue and discovery! We'll revive the point and click genre!""Act 2""Let's just reuse everything and throw out shipping bait! I wanna get paid! Aliens!"""
,Recommended,232790,19409134,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,NaKuGaKa,a really fun story and intresting gameplay and not all that hard (and if you think it is hard you definitely didnt grow up in the era of point and click adventure games haha then they were hard trust me)also the 2 characters system was a really fun and intresting gimmick hope they make another game like this
76561198086995487,Recommended,232790,19555073,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,B-Rakes,"Nice art, good humour, decent puzzles. Schafer's forte!"
,Not Recommended,232790,15823939,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,MelBee42,"Firstly, I didn't know anything about the kickstarter and surrounding controversy (until reading the reviews, after the fact) and I waited until Act 2 was available before buying and playing this game, as usually I like to keep playing these kinds of games until the end (I'm pretty impatient when it comes to finding out what happens next!). I thought it would make for a better gaming experience.Secondly, I am a huge fan of point and click games, having played dozens of them over the last twenty years or so. I'm usually pretty forgiving when it comes to dumb, illogical puzzles - it kind of comes with the territory with these sorts of games. I don't mind the occasional glance at a walkthrough to get me back on track.So, now, the game. As many others have said, Act 1 was great. Although some the puzzles were really very simple, I didn't mind that, it meant the game had a good flow. The art style/look and feel of the game is great. You're introduced to some interesting characters and a lot of intriguing plot lines are started. You're compelled to keep playing, and that's always a sign of a great game.Unfortunately you then move into the second half of the game, and it was so bad that in several places I almost stopped playing (almost - I haven't abandoned a single point and click adventure yet...). Some of the puzzles were nothing short of absurd, and repetitive game-padding to boot. Unless you really enjoy pretend wiring robots. Strangely, that's not on my all time top ten list of fun stuff to do. Actually, it's not even in the top 1,000. Still, if you're getting really stuck and frustrated and want to progress, you can just consult a walkthrough, right? Wrong, because this game actively hates you so much it had randomised some of the solutions, so you either solve it yourself or you don't finish it. Why the game would want to stop you progressing when you're already at the brink of 'I give up' by removing a walkthrough option, I don't know. And whatever happened to games giving you gentle hints?Almost as bad are the controls - sometimes for a puzzle you need to click and drag, sometimes you just click and click again, with seemingly no rhyme or reason behind the change, which adds to the frutstration for no reason at all. There's just no excuse for having inconsistent/clunky controls like this.Don't worry *too* much about the gameplay though, because the story is far worse. Did they stop writing this halfway through and chucked an intern at it to finish the rest? I'm only exaggerating a little when I say the 'pay off' in the second half equates to 'because reasons.' Most of the 'plot', such as it is, is relegated to a few lines of dialogue while you play as Vella, whilst Shay is busy on fetch quests for nearly the entire second act. Without wanting to give away any spoilers, don't expect this game to have an ending, because it doesn't. It just stops without any of the story telling 'this is what happened' finesse that viewers and players would generally expect. As an example, something major about a character is revealed towards the end and it passes by without comment from any of the other characters - at all. I prefer plumbers-rescuing-princesses type stories to this.The other main issue with the second half is that there are no new areas. (A couple of new screens I think but nothing else, other than slightly altered versions of first-half environments) It's just the same places that you already explored in the first half of the game. That's it. Walking endlessly back and forth through the same scenes, because as I've mentioned, this game dislikes you and does not want to give you a quick-travel/map option. It wants to see you walk back through 10 screens again and again. Because reasons.I really didn't want to hate on this game as it started so well and it's the kind of game I love so much, but come on, Although the audio was great, it's not as critical as gameplay and story -please spend less money on Jack Black and Hobbits and orchestras, and more money and effort on writing and places to explore.By the way, my playtime is so high because I fell asleep twice whilst playing this game (again, the second half of it). That should be indication enough of how good it is.If you want a more modern point and click game, play the recent Sam and Max games, or Book of Unwritten Tales, or even some of Pendulo's stuff. Because this game is likely to disappoint you, even if you didn't back it on kickstarter/wait years for it to come out."
,Not Recommended,232790,19257730,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,_KeiSaya_,"This game is not one of my favorites. However,the story was adorable and unique.But the puzzles were a bit annoying. As some have said, some puzzles were not intuitive.I do not recommend this game to everybody, but for those who love Point-and-Click games.Playing on Shay’s space ship and Alex’s space ship was very nice, but it wasreally boringto play in Shellmound and Meriloft.I almost got stuck in the game because I forgot to write down the swinging pattern (wires in the back of the robot).I was happy that I had not saved the game after the robot has started totickle the Space Weaver.Maybe I would have had to restart the entire game just to know the pattern? Because you can not come back into the room after Mom has entered.I spent a lot of time to solve the riddle of Yorn, I didn’t know what to do with the Holy Tear Gas Shooter and with the Talking Tree, I was surprised to know that I had toput a ladder insidethe mouth of Mog Chothra.Well, I was very curious to know the course of the story and the main protagonists were so lovely.5/5 Story2,5/5 Gameplay5/5 Graphics"
,Not Recommended,232790,22661409,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,BigHonchkrow,"Started out strong with a genuinely compelling story and a neat plot reveal, second half was convulted and irritating. As usual, Double Fine knows how to make fun characters/character design. I do appreciate the attempt to dabble in the old point-and-click adventures. Their attention to details (side commentary, character dialogue) was enjoyable. I love Double Fine but this isn't one of my favorite games."
,Not Recommended,232790,16093297,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,MOLD,"Act One Is good Art is amazing Puzzle design is marvelous came out on time did not overstay its welcome.Act Two Is disappointing backtracking reused content and a shopping list of content make the things that you do feel truly inconsequential I feel like the story was written by the drive through lady in Dude Where's My Car, AND THEN ?! AND THEN?! AND THEN ?! Each section that you do is a separate arc not connected to any other piece except by that shopping list. The finale is probably one of the worst in recent memory story, puzzle, and art wiseIf you are looking for a good game I would quit at the halfway point, otherwise I can't recommend this game."
76561198014785828,Not Recommended,232790,20456532,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Dead Man Walkin,This game is ridiculous.  The only people who would enjoy this would have to be 12yo and under.  Complete waste of money.
,Recommended,232790,17092294,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Imma gonna tap that ass,"First and foremost as when you begun this game you're given a choice to play two protagonists, Vella (girl) and Shay (guy) first ; While you could switch around between their stories, I'd recommend in Act 1 to play (and finish) Shay's story first before getting to Vella. I find it more interesting to start off Shay's story first as whatever in the contents of the plotline, I still had no clear idea what was really happening until I got to Vella's story and realize the load of references to Shay's side.I have not played Act 2 yet although I heard that it's only starting from Act 2 that you're required to switch around between Vella and Shay to complete some puzzles, i'll probably edit this review again after I'm finally done with this game.In regarding to Act 2, I want to stab myself in the face when I got to the puzzles ofassembling all of the parts to repair the shipin Shay's story.Overall about the gameplay, the puzzles are pleasant and interesting to go through, there're some interesting and lovable characters in the game especially in Shay's story, somehow I had a fondness for the little machinary characters. Art otherwise is adorable with beautiful environment. This game's a yes go."
,Recommended,232790,15606485,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Scampie!!,"A fantastic point and click adventure game where you play through 2 seperate storylines starring a young girl and a young boy. As you play, you learn how these stories relate and intertwine.The writing and humor are top notch, and the characters are very enjoyable, a talking knife was my favorite!The puzzles are mostly logical and you can't miss required objects. The only problem you may have is that some of the later ones can be tricky becuase you can easily overlook the clues you are given.Very recommended to anyone who likes a good adventure game!"
76561198018661439,Not Recommended,232790,14344293,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Sebs,"This game is very badly constructed. There is a 'peach' that has nothing to do with anything in the chapter that i missed. The game let me move on. There is also no way to go back to collect this peach. I'm effectively unable to complete the chapter because i missed this ""peach"". Uninstall!!!"
76561198066233549,Not Recommended,232790,14860377,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Vollminator_,"It has been almost a year and still only half the game is out. GG doublefine 4/10Edit: Whole game is out and I am sad to say now its worse. The puzzles are poorly designed, the enviorment is lazy, and the ending is awful. 2/10 (atleast the art style and voice acting are good)"
,Not Recommended,232790,9445707,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,MissBunny,"The storyline didn’t really have me intrigued but it didn’t have me turning away. It kept me interested enough to continue playing although I felt no drive to. The puzzles were a bit on the easy side, not really reminiscent on the nostalgic feel of point and click adventure games, which I assumed this, would be resembling.  The story kind of drags itself along at points which makes me wonder if there’s really any emotional investment involved in this game. The soundtrack is beautiful, the voice acting amazing, and the art style is fresh. The gameplay is lacking, and the storyline; I’m just not sure how I feel about it. I think charging $24.99 for part one is a bit stiff but I’m hoping that includes part two as well because for a few hours worth of gameplay I’m not satisfied.  Overall, this is one game I would wait for the second part to be released because it just feels odd without it. For what little gameplay that is currently available, I’d have trouble recommending getting it now and not just waiting. It just feels like this game has been shoved through a pipeline for the sake of creation. Worth a few hours of your time and a couple bucks. I’d wait for this one to be completed though before getting it. 5/10"
76561197972508021,Not Recommended,232790,9423962,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,=r:o:a= Boogie,"Beautifully looking point and click game with a great Art Style. The story is as confusing as a LSD trip. I have no idea what I just played. Nice pictures, but I don;t get all the praise for this game. Absurd and weird story is fine if the jokes are good, but this game is not even remotely funny. On top of that the game lacks comfort fynctions like a hot spot key, which are standard in modern point and click adventures.Most important where the heck did the 3 Million dollar crowd funding go for this adventure? It is way too short and actually just half the game. The second half gets extra funding.Seriously as a Double Fine Fan I appreciate the Art of this game, but overall a serious dissapointment."
76561198120443945,Recommended,232790,19936917,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,The Pancake Dwarf,Broken Age is an awesome point-and-click adventure with an emotional plotline to it. It is truly worth your time as your roam their worlds and their lives. This game is one-of-a-kind.
,Recommended,232790,19696046,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Melodica,"Broken Age is a really lovely, and sweet game. It has a rather endearing plot line, and has funny dialogue and commentry, fun option achievements and can genuinely be quite challenging! Some of the puzzles had me stuck (shout out to those people who make game guides) for a long time. Overall, I think the game is a really lovely one, which is fairly challenging at times!"
,Not Recommended,232790,14103888,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Floridaman,"The saving grace of this game is it made me stop buying half baked games like this one in the future.I used to trust Double Fine to prouduce content, after enjoying their first few games and after seeing this being the most well funded game in Kickstarter history I decided to give it a go.The cost to live comfortably in San Francisco is around 5000$ a month, while in Ukraine it is only 300$ a month.I'm not saying that Schafer should have made his team move out to Ukraine, just that it's something to be reminded of.Besides that it's only about 4 hours of content, which I'd be okay with if the story's ending felt concise.Anyway none of that really matters when the game isn't finished, for all intents and purposes it deserves an ""early access"" tag."
,Not Recommended,232790,14528675,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Arrakisdef,"Half a game, no real puzzles... they got a massive amount of crowd funding to make this game and yet they still haven't finished it.  They released 'Part 1' as a way to get the game out.  They promised the full game ages ago.   The only nice thing I can say about it, is that It has interesting graphics."
,Not Recommended,232790,14443917,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Artoria,"Let me start by stating this - I could recommend this gameonlywhen the second half is released or a big sale occurs. There are many reasons for this including playtime, replayability and puzzles, among others. I will be mentioning some scenes found in the game so if you haven't played it yet or don't like spoilers, skip to the conclusion at the bottom of this review.Broken Age has an interesting premise; enter the lives of two teenagers worlds apart as you point-and-click your way through amusing dialogue, varying puzzles and vibrant locations. I really enjoyed the colours and art scheme, as they fleshed out the characters and created a unique atmosphere for the player to explore in. Upon entering the game, you will have the choice to select which character you would like to start with first, Vella or Shay. Out of the two, I preferred Vella's story because the puzzles seemed more varied and she was the only person to have a boss battle in the end of the first act, leaving me slightly disappointed in Shay's tale. The characters feel different and made me laugh quite a bit, especially a certain tree.I feel that the main reason I prefer Vella is because the environments and characters in her story are more plentiful and vibrant than the secluded setting of Shay's. There was a lot of repetition in the levels aboard Shay's spacecraft. Sure, the repeated visits to his four missions had a certain charm to them, but the rescue mini-game felt repetitive and boring. One of his puzzles later on in the story requires the player to shrink their head to fit in a small helmet, but I only solved this by accident while trying to explore the spaceship. There was also a lot of backtracking involved, especially in Vella's plot, where I had to keep revisiting certain locations to retrieve items necessary for completing puzzles. I believe that DoubleFine not only needed to spend a bit more time increasing the difficulty of the puzzles (because some of them were too simple to solve) they also should have spent more time on Shay to balance out the two stories. Vella's is more unique and fun to experience because of the variety of characters, locations and overall aim of the plot. Would you rather slay a giant beast threatening towns with annihilation or avoid the AI aboard your ship?Broken Age is what I would call an 'interesting game'. Not in the sense of challenging to complete, but more so being really conflicted in my overall opinion after finishing the first act. The way the stories of the two protagonists play out makes it feel like two separate games, but not entirely in a good way. The focus on character development feels unbalanced, as well as the amount of content and a certain boss battle only Vella experiences. I expected a lot from Broken Age, but instead of a sense of satisfaction I feel like my cup is half-empty. Once the second act comes out (if it ever does) I will add more content to this review but until then I will say this - a half-empty cup is not worth $25 to me."
,Recommended,232790,20367275,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,SheYi,"Great grafics, interesting story but quite unlogical puzzles...I would recommend it on a good sale =D"
,Not Recommended,232790,14819997,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Ayth,"Way late, and want it to be removed from my steam library."
,Recommended,232790,17334098,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Bamagic,"A lovable adventure featuring two characters in two environments, one faced with a great honor but without the faith in the choice, and another with the want to be treated like an adult after living in seclusion his whole life. The story is relatable and lovable and the characters it features are all unique. Famous actors in the game is awesome like Jack Black and Elijah Wood. It has the DoubleFine charm, and is on my favorite games list."
76561198046176880,Not Recommended,232790,14938354,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,L'épopée,ow
,Not Recommended,232790,9248750,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,LethalJam,"[OLD REVIEW: When only the first part was out]Now to the actual critisisms of the game. The game is incredibly short and since this is supposed to be about half of the game, I am very worried for the total length of this game when it's complete. The puzzles are very simplistic and straight forward which means that the story, characters and enviroments is what has to be good to carry this game.And they are. The game oozes of atmosphere with great characters, great enviroments all realised with a beautiful artstyle. The story is also good so far but I can't put down a real opinion there as the game is not finished.[UPDATE: May 02 2015]The second part is now out and I have to say that the game all in all, is a disappointment. The first thing that is important to mention is that there are very few new assets or anything new to experience in the second part. All characters and enviroments are reused although re arranged and modified a bit to be the setting of the new story and the story in it self is not very good. It doesn't make much sense and the end doesn't manage to satisfy in any way.The length of the game, as I was afraid of the last time I reviewed the game, is indeed very short and is mostly hold up by some puzzles that will take a long time to figure out. This is because the difficulty spike in the second part is enormous. While the first part was way too easy, the second one can be frustratingly hard. All in all there is one word I would describe Broken Age with and that is disappointment. It might be worth to play if you catch it on a sale for the art and atmosphere alone but otherwise, stay far away from it."
76561198044972364,Recommended,232790,18364323,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,agent,"Broken Age Act 1 was an incredibly beautiful, deeply interesting game with simple but fun mechanics, amazing art style, and a story I couldn't wait to finish and learn more about. It had good writing and voice acting, plus a twist that actually surprised me at the end. I was desperately excited to play Act 2.Broken Age Act 2 took every plot point set up by Act 1, every character detail and known fact, and threw it in the trash. All the questions I wanted answers to were resolved in throw-away dialogue and boring cop-outs. Plus it introduced a huge new plot point for no reason that tied up no loose ends and just made the whole thing confusing. It felt fake. It felt like a betrayal after how good part 1 was. The puzzles were increased in difficulty for no reason and they were mind-numbingly difficult. The solutions were usually ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. It took 9 hours to finish this act (only 4 hours for act 1), with no breaks, and I was playing with a friend! In most cases I'd say my dislike of the ending or plot choices was my own opinion but Double Fine really dropped the ball on this second half.Would I recommend Act 1? Absolutely. It's still a fun and beautiful game, it's worth playing. I do not recommend Act 2 to anyone. Just stop after you finish the first part and let your imagination do the work for you, I promise it'll be a better ending then what Double Fine gave us."
76561198098793293,Not Recommended,232790,13453792,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,colettebrunel666,not worth a buy at all they have only came out with act 1 and only 2 hours of game play at best
,Recommended,232790,15580312,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,vladoportos,"Act 1 was beautiful, I enjoyed it a lot !"
,Not Recommended,232790,8985799,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Alexander,"Back in the day I played plenty of point and click adventure games, and I really enjoyed them. I'm not sure what I was expecting going into Broken Age, I guess I assumed it would be better than it turned out to be. This is just not my sort of game I guess, I just didn't find it at all entertaining or compelling. The story is incredibly weak in my opinion, and I was under the impression that was supposed to be the strong point. The artwork is really nice... But that does not make up for the lack luster story and uninteresting plot. Apparently millions of dollars went into this, but I fail to see where it all went. There are better games in this genre, made for far less money. But considering kickstarter made the game profitable before it was even released I'm not really surprised. Broken Age is not a bad game, its just not at all what I would expect from a title with such a massive budget and exponential waves of hype. I'm just not satisfied with it. And I can only recommend it if it goes on sale, $5, $10 if your interested. I just don't feel its worth $24.99."
,Not Recommended,232790,14748515,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Topsy Kret,"The game is poor in design. Lack of imagination, we were promised an old school point and click adventure game akin to Kings Quest. What we got was a shorter dumbed down♥♥♥♥♥♥stain of a game that probably won't release the second episode."
,Not Recommended,232790,13513458,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Staemboat,"There's some cool design and story bits but it's a super simple point and click that is pretty short and not all that interesting. Worth picking up if it's super cheap maybe, I say go get psychonauts and grim fandango instead though"
,Not Recommended,232790,13568169,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Isola,"I was expecting alot more from this game from watching trailers and reading reviews. I dont normally like giving negative reviews, it is just that I found this game very repetitive and dull and felt cheated of what I was promised in the kick starter. If I could go back in time, I wouldn't have wasted my money on this game"
76561197993211276,Not Recommended,232790,14740165,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Suldar,This is only half a game and my patience is wearing thin. The antics of Tim Schafer and his attitude toward his customers is very insulting. Until the second part is released I can not recommend this game.
76561198020644113,Not Recommended,232790,13781961,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Serzis,"Ultimately, for a game to be more than just good, it has to provide something that sticks with the player. It can be something new or unexpected. It can be the developing on, or the perfection of, a preexisting genre, mechanic or idea. It can even be a single transient inconsequential moment when a game made you laugh, cry or – dare we hope? – think.When writing this review, BROKEN AGE invoked words like “well-presented”, “pretty”, “excellent voice-work” and “interesting.” What it failed to invoke was anything that I will be referencing or discussing one year from now. The paper cutout design is a high-point and should be praised, but I feel that the developers could have done more with it if they had not been aiming for a  smooth “nostalgic” style, originally imposed from technical limitations rather than artistic thought. The obligatory challenges are extremely easy, sometimes appearing more as parody than puzzles. The story is decent, but heavily telegraphed. As for the characters, they are well-rounded, with some witty dialogue and funny back-stories.In the end, BROKEN AGE can probably serve as a very good example of a archetypical point-and-click adventure, tempered by the 2010s decreased focus on puzzles (and accompanied puzzle-related frustration) in favour of story and charm. If that is what you are looking for, BROKEN AGE will most likely suffice. But if you are looking for something 'more', you will not find it here.ADDENDUM for Act 2:Frustrating backtracking through the locals and people of Act 1, with the added addition of what I think is some kind of overlay graphic bug (not present in the ipad version) that makes two puzzles practically unsolvable."
,Not Recommended,232790,13562348,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Julius Seizure,"this is a long review, so i'll the tldr up topTL:DRI appreiciate the work put into this game but it far too simplistic and childish for my liking... and this is coming from someone who at the age of 21 enjoys pokemon on the 3ds. I got bored with it rapidly. if your into games with a cute setting or like the ps1 games of old it may be worth a play. it isn't a full game.verra's story is better than shays.the game is broken into acts and two seperate stories. shay, the guy in space follows a young adult who is being mothered on a ship. He is sick of going on pointless childish missions set up by the Ships Computer. One day he meets a stranger who convinces shay to break away from the norm and take on a mission on a galatic scale.shays story losses alot of potential because the of it's cheesy presentation. star system for example have names such as ""prima doom"" and ""Smile Cluster"". the warp drive is controlled by a tabestry creating robot. take note that the display of the ship is set up like a childs room for the sake of the story.Verra's story although apprearing to be aimed at a young audience feels less corny then shays. it is about a young woman who is put up as a human sacrafice. rather than seeing it as honor she decides to escape and fight the monster she is being presented too.the story is light hearted but slightly darker than Shays.the Gameplay in both stories is loaded with unintresting puzzles and repetative sequences. it gets old fastIf you find the ps1 games of old to be enjoyable then for $15 it's worth a play.keep in mind the game is meant to be sold in acts so there is no current ending to the stories. neither come close to the edge of your seat that a tell tale point and click would provide."
,Not Recommended,232790,13846362,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Pandan,"While the game is super good.It's only 4 hours long.And I suck at point-&-click adventures. Soo, someone with more skill could get it done faster.For 25 bucks? I'd say wait till it's on sale. or wait until TIM gets off his butt to update the game like he promised.EDIT: Time to update my review upon completion of the 2nd and final act!This game is a solid 7/10. The second act has some seriously stupid-hard puzzles. (most of which required me to look up hints online) The puzzles in the first act were more fun, and I didn't need hints for any of them.Second act feels rushed, the entire second act is fetch quests and chain puzzles. Give this to this guy, take what he gives to this guy. Etc. While that can be said about any point-and-click adventure, it feels much worse here in the 2nd act.Do I reccomend this game? No."
,Not Recommended,232790,14741777,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,smartbombradio,"Purchased more than a year ago, still unfinished. Asking for yet more money."
76561198067544944,Not Recommended,232790,8898058,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,hans123dampf,"Nice design, nice atmosphere, nice voice acting etc. etc. but WHERE THE HELL IS THE GAME? The ""puzzles"" are ridiculously easy (use spoon with cereals - really?) and I feel like pushed on trails all the time, no challenges in sight. The ""game"" feels like an animated picture book to me....I just started the second part with the girl - AND IT'S EVEN WORSE (and very cheeeeesy on top). Hell is this DRAGON'S LAIR or what? Puzzles seem to solve themselves by clicking some hotspots. I can't beleave I just spent 20 hard earned bugs on this! How can people give good reviews???!!!Disappointment. I will quit the game now....Well I was curious and finished the game (within roughly one hour), it gets A LITTLE better towards the end, still too easy, but okay. The cliffhanger is nice. Still not worth the money, overall puzzle design is weak. Let's hope for part 2..."
76561197983736982,Not Recommended,232790,13169057,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,topaasi,Decent game with good voice acting 6/10 but part 2 is never coming out so don't waste your money on this.
,Recommended,232790,11266419,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Nebulana,"Having not played a really good point and click adventure in a while, Broken Age was a pleasant surprise.  The beautiful art and design of the game, really keep your eyes happy.  The characters are fun and good humored, so you find yourself laughing occasionally.  It's filled with plenty of puzzles that require different items that send you on search missions to figure out where they are.  Highly recommend it for a relaxed and fun gaming experience."
,Recommended,232790,18250644,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Tabascofanatikerin,"""Broken Age"" is an adventure game that lets you dive into the adventures of Shay and Vella - two young people who live their lives without a connection to each other. Shay lives in his own, colourful spaceship run by his mother and Vella lives in a bakery town that prepares for the traditional ""maidens feast"". Unfortunately Vella is one of the maidens to be sacrificed to the hideous monster Mog Chotrha. But she is unwilling to bow down to senseless traditions while Shay is unwilling to play childish games practicly as a prisoner every day. But big events will offer them new perspectives and tasks...In ""Broken Age"" you pretty much solve puzzles the old school way (like in the classic LucasArts adventures or in ""Simon the Sorcerer""): you talk to people in order to squeeze out information, you collect items, you explore environments and objects and you figure out specific patterns for puzzle solutions. And when I mean ""old school way"" then I also mean that the puzzles are far from easy. Sure, some are quite obvious but many others are very hard to figure out and some also demand perfect timing. This makes the game challenging and thanks to its length it will keep you entertained and occupied for a couple of hours (personally I needed about 16 to 17 hours in total). But prepare for a few frustrating moments as some puzzles demand you to think around a few corners to figure out a possible solution.The gameplay is easy - point and click. Also you can switch between Shay and Vella anytime (which reminded me of ""Day of the Tentacle"" where you switch between three people).But what about the story? Personally I think it's very fine. I dig the characters and the environments they're in. I just couldn't quite get the evil plan from the villains. I won't spoil it here but let's just say that I think this could all sound more logical.Also I really like that this game obviously spoofs cults and superstition, the ways people are made to believe stupid things in order to enrich a leader or to establish rituals that do nothing than silence one's conscience (and hurt others).There's a lot of humour in the game and it gave me a few good laughs wether it's due to absurd dialogues or to funny visuals and animations but the jokes never felt flat.I wanna say about the graphics that they are just beautiful to look at. Pure eye candy! This all looks like a hand-painted, colourful story book (only with moving, talking people). I enjoyed the visuals and also the animations to the end.The soundtrack is very likeable, too. I bought it as a DLC on Steam and don't regret it. Different but fitting tunes and styles give the game another awesome touch.The voices were very well selected, in my opinion. Elijah Wood voices Shay, Masasa Moyo (who I know best as Sarah from ""Team America"") voices Vella and both do a great job in giving these characters their personality. But the other voice actors and actresses are great as well.The most criticized part of ""Broken Age"" is the second act (of three). Many people complain that the story feels half-done or just not good enough. Personally, I don't quite get what the deal here is. I enjoyed the second act as I did the first one. What disappointed me was the ending that felt too sudden and short.In the end, can I recommend ""Broken Age""? Absolutely.If you love solving puzzles and playing (old school) adventures then this is certainly for you. Give it a chance!In my opinion it's not the best adventure game ever but at least one of the best and most beautiful in the last few years."
,Recommended,232790,13604477,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,LainFenrir,"One of the best adventure games I played in my whole life. The story  is amazing, the characters are really interesting and you can connect with them. The voice acting is great and help to bring these characters to life and this game is a piece of art itself the soundtrack is really good too. I didn't expected to get so connected to this game but now i just can't wait for the act 2.-11/10also be prepared to take a lot of screenshots they make exelent wallpapers."
,Recommended,232790,19706175,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Mr.Bang,"Act 1 was FAN-FREAKING-TASTIC! Act 2 was meh and the ending was dissapointing. I really enjoyed the puzzles, challenging but not overly difficult for a adventure-noob like me! Story was a little weak and really dove off after the second act. The ending makes it seem like there'll be an act 3 but, I haven't heard anything about that. All in all a pretty fun game... A little silly and sometimes nonssensical but pretty fun to play!"
,Recommended,232790,8908110,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,rich,"If you loved Monkey Island retro style adventure games of old, you will quickly fall in love with this game. It truely is a vision of Tim Schafer in every way. The detail and quirky humor brings out a subtle charm to a somewhat robust combination of artwork that entails an interesting story of two halves. At the beginning of the game you get a simple choice of either starting as a boy or a girl. The character development is entrenched in the way you play so to get a better feel of the game never rush, always take your time. Please support Double Fine, the developers, so they can create more masterpieces in the future."
,Recommended,232790,12189454,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Vertinove,"Pros:+Amazing artstyle+Soundtrack+Storyline+Characters and voice actingCons:-Vella's storyline feels a bit clunky-Like other reviews the game seems short for the price~Besides that I overall enjoyed the game even though I wish it had more, the best part was probably the cliffhanger at the end of Act 1 so I can't wait for Act 2."
76561198038625342,Not Recommended,232790,15795217,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Dash,"I would probably count this as the worst adventure game I have ever played and I've played a ton of adventure games in my life.   The only way to discuss why it is so terrible would require spoilers though.  So don't read this if you don't want spoilers.SPOILERS!!!!So might as well get off the few positives of the game first.  Voice acting and music are superb.  That seems to be where all the money behind this game went.  It's all AAA quality.  Hell Elijah Wood is the main character.  Also ""Act 1"" starts off very good.  The first 3 hours of the game are fantastic.  Then you find out Shay is not in space, but really on the same planet as Vela and it's just down hill from there.The puzzles in this game are all atrocious.  They are either baby level easy, mostly during the first 3 hours, then just stupidly frustrating.  0 puzzles have logical solutions, every single puzzle has to be brute forced.  It's idiotic design.  The clues help you brute force the puzzels, they dont' help you to actually solve the puzzels.  Some particiularly egregious examples are the robot rewiring puzzles which are a good portion of the puzzels in this game.   The clue to answer these puzzles are in random pictures in the opposite character your using zones.  They'll show you symbols, which when you place a robot in a charging station will display if you match the wires on the back of the robot to the correct nodes.  This is stupid beyond belief for 3 reasons.  (1) It has nothing to do with the characters impressions on the world.  This puzzle is only solveable because you as the player are able to view a picture while playing as a different character.  The character that is actually solving the puzzle would have no clue how to ever rewire it correctly as they would never have seen the symbols to correspond to it.  This also means that the in game characters never hint at looking at the symbols in the pictures, to them the pictures are meaningless as they are not looking for robot rewiring instructions.  This pictures are also not clear to even be instructions, the symbols will be placed in the corner of a completely different picture, such as a picture of Shay and his family.  It would be impossible to deduce that symbols in the corner of a random picture are the robot rewiring instructions.  (2)  When you look at the wiring on the back of the robot you can clearly see where wires have been cut, logically you'd think this is where you have to replace the rewires and find the correct pattern, this actually has nothing to do with the puzzle, it's just extremely poor design to have potential clues not have anything to do with the puzzle.  (3) Even knowing the symbols, writing them down so you can memorize them, still means you have to go to the charging station and then go through eveyr single combination of placing wires into the robot.  You have to brute force it, the characters will never tell you when it's right, you have to use the charging station for that.  Since nothing on the back wiring shows you where the wires go, you have to attach each wire to every node then check the charging station to see if it matches the symbols and repeat until you get all wires correct.  The fact that the developer thought this was a good puzzle leads me to believe Tim Schafer never should have made adventure games (his games always did have the worst puzzles, usually it was the story and fun characters that pulled you through his games).The robot puzzle is clearly the worst, especially considering 3 exist in the game.  2 of which are part of the final puzzle, which is so ludicrously complex and stupidly designed that I have decided to never buy another game by this man ever again.  I do want to mention 2 more just horrendously designed puzzles.  One requires you to catch a snake, now it's pretty clear you need to catch it, but with what you might ask!  Well the answer is nothing! Absolutely nothing!  You just stand around letting the snake strangle you until it gets tired and stops.  I only solved this puzzle because after becoming frustrated with being unable to see any possible way to catch this snake I got up for a drink while it was strangling me.  When I got back I had ""solved"" the puzzle.  I'm not sure how this puzzle was allowed to pass development.  In my opinion it's an unsolveable puzzle.  The only possible ""clue"" that this was what needed to be done is a picture you view while playing as the other character that shows that Shay loves to be strangled by snakes.Finally, there is a puzzle that requires you to untangle a knot.  The clue to untangle the knot is nonsensical.  You are asked to describe the knot to a char to get directions to untie it.  The directions she gives you are based on this knot, but untying the knot is once again only done through brute forcing the puzzle.  The directions the char gives you to untie the knot will never match the knot.  Instead you are supposed to use random generated phrases to explain the knot untying directions to another character.  Since these phrases have no relation to the knot you are untying and barely relate to the directions you were given you literally have to save after each attempt and just click every option until you brute force it.  It's a massive failure in puzzle design.  These were the 3 most egregious examples, but every puzzle in this game basically follows this logic.So really an adventure game has 2 main ""gameplay"" elements: (1) puzzles and (2) narrative.  That's what adventure games are an interactive story.  The puzzles in this game are atrocious and sadly the story is probably even worse.  It started off very good.  You play as either a young boy in space frustrated by his computer AI ""parents"" always babying him, or a young girl whose parents wish to sacrifice her to a hideous monster for the good of the community.  Three hours in you encounter the twist: the boy is really not in space, but on an airship disguised as a monster in order to kidnap young girls and the girl has just destroyed his airship.  I can honestly say this is the worst twist in the history of all story telling.It completely ruins the narrative of the game.  As the story literally falls apart.  The more they try and explain this twist the worse it gets.  As it turns out the boy was placed on a 15 year journey on this airship with his actual parents.  See instead of them being AI, it turns out they are real they are just never around much.  Their secret mission was to fly around for 15 years doing nothing, so that when the boy's hormones kick in he can kidnap the ""right"" girls.  He chooses the girls by picking dots on a screen that he doesn't even know are girls.  The evil civilization came up with this plan in order to steal the ""essence"" of the girls to help their genetically purified race.  Reading this might sound like I'm skipping things as it's nonsensical, but no that's the story, it's just a terrible terrible story.  In the end you blow up the airship factory and the boy and the girl walk off to be with their families.  Ignoring the fact that they just ruined the master plan of a highly advanced race of Nazi's who want to gentically purify the world.  So i'm guessing if this game had an epilogue it would be that every single other civilization is wiped out in the following weeks.  Even writing that story synopsis hurts,  it's beyond stupid.  The motivations of the characters makes no sense and it goes no where.On one final note i will add I hated the graphics.  I don't like cartoony graphics and that's what this game is.  Just stay away from this game it's a terrible adventure game and overall just a terrible experience.  If you want to play Tim Schafers few good adventure games i would say  Full Throtle, Monkey Island 1, or Day of the Tentacle.  If you want to play an actual good adventure game though I'd say Laura Bow: Dagger of Amon Ra, Gray Matter, or even Memoria!"
76561198006444306,Recommended,232790,28850722,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,tripbillie,"If you like point and click adventure games and tongue in cheek humor, this is a good game for you.The first half is simpler than the second half - you will likely breeze through the first half, and find yourself needing to write things down for the second.Replayability isn't high (especially once you get all acheivements), but I tend to find myself revisiting this once a year or so just because I enjoy the game."
76561198041636869,Recommended,232790,26057792,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Brother Alpha,"Broken Age is a Point & Click adventure from Double Fine. The hook is you play as two different characters, Vella and Shay, and can switch back and forth between them at any time. In fact, there are times you have to switch back and forth in order to get the information needed to solve puzzles. This isn’t the best point and click adventure game I’ve played; Grim Fandango takes that title, but it is among the best. Easily worth picking up."
,Recommended,232790,28912718,Posted: 1 January,all,SkaterPoem,"Beautiful story, unique art style and mildly hard puzzles.One of the few games I waited credits to end patiently because they were showing concept art of the events after the ending."
,Recommended,232790,10984158,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mohaihai,"If you're a fan of the point and click genre and a somewhat dreamy fantasyworld you'll like this game. Artwork is gorgeous, story is strong enough to keep you interested (with a surprising end), music is awesum and voice acting is top notch.but...I'm glad I got this at the summer sale with a discount. Finished in just about 3 hours, if i had payed 22€ I'd be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ But hopefully act 2 will be here soon and even out the price/playtime."
,Recommended,232790,32919792,Posted: 28 June,all,Flo,"It was a nice game, I enjoyed Act 1 a lot. In Act 2, the riddles are sometimes a bit lengthy and don't flow as nicely as in Act 1. The ending was ok but not as good as the beginning of the story.Would recommend it to click and point adventure fans but it's not as good or funny as some others."
76561198289260283,Recommended,232790,32823937,Posted: 26 June,all,QueenParadox,"Loved the visual artistry, great voice talents (so happy when I encountered Jack Black here) and play that took decades off my age! :-D"
,Recommended,232790,8907794,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,TinkleBear,YES GOOD EVERYONE PLAY
,Recommended,232790,10857172,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Margaret Aetherly,"This game is a work of art. Every hand-painted scene is so gorgeously and smoothly put together that it is nearly impossible to tell what is cutscene and what is gameplay. The story, too, flows seamlessly; I adore the two main characters in particular.Yes, Act 1 is a pretty quick play-through with easy puzzles compared to most adventure games, but the strong aesthetic and unique story make me especially excited for Act 2."
76561198088182963,Recommended,232790,20685743,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Sansa Stark,"I understand why people are upset about Act 2 - it definitely didn't live up to the mystery and quirkiness of Act 1, but overall the game was definitely worth the money. It's gone on sale a few times, so I'd recommend waiting, but don't get discouraged by the reviews that say it falls apart in Act 2. Sure, it wasn't as great as Act 1, but still holds up in its own right.That being said - the puzzles definitely get harder in Act 2. I'd recommend keeping a notepad or something handy, especially for the finale."
,Recommended,232790,11145602,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Szabo858,"Broken Age is a point and click adventure game that I could not put down. I had to play through the whole game as much as I could and keep getting lost in the world that this game created. The first part may have been a lot of fun, but it felt short. I rarely got stuck on any puzzles and when I did it did not take me very long to figure them out. However Broken Age shines in it's story and I must say it's an amazing one. With a jaw dropping conclusion I was left only wanting more and can not wait for the second part to come out. In fact directly after beating the fist part I went to Google to see when part 2 would be released sadly I could only come up with later this year(2014). I would highly recommend Broken Age to anyone who loves a good point and click adventure game as well as a game with a great story."
,Recommended,232790,11145789,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,m8ryx,"I'm challenged to write this review.  I would not recommend this game for, say, myself.  It is a bit tedious and repetitive, the puzzles are simple or random, and there's a lot of repetition.  The UI is a bit clunky too.  But it's a game I would recommend to people who yearn for King's Quest-type games.  The story is actually really good, or has the potential to be.  The acting is great, the voices are compelling and not annoying, the music is good too.  In fact, everything about this game is great, except that instead of giving me times when I might stop and think, it just encouraged me to click more faster.  It also suffers from typical parallel-story problems, in that one is dramatically more compelling than the other."
,Recommended,232790,11145061,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Bedwyr,"So the first great Kickstarter game is worth it. Let's get that out of the way first. It is a point-and-click adventure game and it is a good one. I wouldn't say it's quite up there with the great classics like Grim Fandango or Sam and Max Hit the Road, but it is good. The split narratives remain separate for the most part and we won't see exactly how the two narratives will ultimately mesh in the upcoming second half of the game, but I look forward to it."
,Recommended,232790,33017104,Posted: 29 June,all,EPIC YAY,"My only criticism is the save/load feature. If you have multiple saves, you may find yourself re-doing some parts. There's workarounds tho. Other than that, this is a beautiful wonderful story. The art and how it all functions couldn't be better."
76561198041276147,Recommended,232790,9380110,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,TheKingKez,Great art style and engaging story. Looking forward to part 2.
76561198114644499,Recommended,232790,12040337,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,StellaFox320,"Beautiful game, very interesting story. My only gripe is that the puzzles are pretty simple and straight forward. Not too much thought is needed to figure it out and it is waaaaaayyyy too short for the current price of $25. I would wait for it to go on sale before you purchase it. Also this is ONLY Act 1. It is not the complete game. So you might want to wait for ACT II otherwise the cliffhanger is a killer"
,Recommended,232790,20647208,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Bizordec,"""Wow! How i was so blind? It all makes sense now!"" - Me at the ending of Act 1.Great game tho."
,Recommended,232790,21515403,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,koral06,"In general this is a very fun easy-going game. I wouldn't necessarily classify it for children as some of the puzzles are challenging to solve, and there are some adult-themed jokes. However, there's not really any violence per se, nor profanity, etc.The game play is pretty simple click and interacting. Some of the puzzles while if you put some thought into them , they are solvable, a minority of solutions I think would be difficult to come across if only by chance. The storyline itself is very unique, and I love how the two worlds of Vella and Shay come together in an unexpected way.For the price it is actually very reasonable. I got about 10 hours of some very enjoyable time out of the game. I would say it might have some replay value but not much. But if I compare it to spending $10 on a movie ticket that entertains me for 2 hours, I would say I'm getting a deal out of this game.I definetly would purchase games like this from Double Fine, and hope they come out with similar games in the future. I already have their Hack in Slash was is humurous, but not as story rich."
,Recommended,232790,9397225,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,NEU-NEU,"How could you go wrong with a game comming from Double Fine studio?  It's amazing in every aspect! Where should i start? The virusals.. the musical score.. the voice acting.. Just the very first scene of Vella waking up under a tree sets the tone for the rest of the adventure. It's enchanting. It's like watching your very first cartoons with children's eyes. There are quite enough puzzle, mostly very easy, but the adventure focusses more on the dialogues which you souldn't miss a single line as they are so well written and acted. Elijah Wood, Jack Black, Will Wheaton, ... even Pendleton Ward is in it :)  For the french speaking person i am not very much used to recognize english actors by their voice, i was surprised and pleased to recognize them in the game! The subtitles are very well translated, by the way. Really, it praises quality ... over quantity, which is the game's only downside. The game is very short (typical for point'n'click adventure games) and Act2 isn't even released yet, but it will be soon and for free. I just can't wait for it. Thanks Tim Schafer and Double Fine production. I knew from the start my money was on the right horse."
,Recommended,232790,16713255,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,RedDreadnaught,"Broken Age gets a thumbs up for great writing, voice acting, music, art and animations.  The pacing was generally very good throughout the story, but there were a few things in Act 2 that I either did purely by accident, or by getting out a pen and paper to help keep track of (which I don't think should be necessary in point/click games).  Despite some minor gripes about puzzle elements, the aesthetics of Broken Age show a great deal of polish.  I like point/click adventures, but not enough to ever pay full price on Steam, including this one.  I would still recommended it though, especially to fans of the genre, if it's on sale."
,Recommended,232790,16677733,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,NEOchuah,"I've been waiting for this game to come out on PC, and this is purely the reason I got a steam account. This is a wonderful puzzle, point and click game, with an excellent soundtrack and storyline. Beautiful art style. Absolutely loved it :D"
,Recommended,232790,21701877,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Abbanilla,"This was an amazing game. Fun characters, great story, interesting point-and-click game play, gorgeous art on the characters and the scenes. It's just phenomenol. I  can't recommend it highly enough. If I were giving stars on games, my experience playing this game would have to be top. It took me about 9 hours to get through and I got stuck a fair number of times. Some parts of the environment were just not obvious to me.For controls, I suggest rebinding the dialogue skipping to your right click and inventory to middle scroll or something, and then you can practically play the entire game from your mouse. That skip cutscene gets super useful when you're just throwing invetory at objects on the screen in hopes that something will present an unexpected dialogue, grant some hidden achievement or just progress you in the story.This was seriously one of the best games I've played in a long time. Play it and tell me what you think."
76561198003146906,Recommended,232790,20569962,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Michael,Brilliant game. Buy it.Don't heed moans about part 2 being bad or too difficult. It's fine.
76561198165077718,Recommended,232790,13938302,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,dlr.emmanuel,Great story and voice acting. Sacasm galore! I cannot wait for episode 2.
,Recommended,232790,18812077,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Ç®ï§Þ¥Føø,It was good - worth a play through if you like point click adventures. I had no problems with a controller. The handrawn artwork and well written story are to be apprieciated.Puzzles can be kinda abstract but nothing that should deter anyone away from playing.
76561198044160459,Recommended,232790,16165819,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,feverfl,"Double Fine poses the question of what could adventure games have become if they were as popular now as they were back in the nineties, and they delivered what I consider one of the most memorable adventure games of recent years; while it comes short in comparison with adventure games of yore like Tales of Monkey Island and my personal favorite Grim Fandango, it still manages to communicate that sense of discovery of an unknown and charming world with mysteries, twists, puzzles, and of course a great sense of humor that adventure games are known for.While the story does fall short in act II when compared to what act I promised, it still is a good tale of coming of age, the puzzles are challenging but fair, and while I needed no hints or guides to complete them that doesn't mean that newcomers to the formula will have difficulties on the later half of the game, nevertheless that's also part of the charm of adventure games and the feeling of genius when you finally complete that puzzle that has been stumping you for the past half hour is what I miss the most on modern adventure games.The art style and animation are gorgeous, at each new scene I had to stop playing for a second and soak in all of it, and the places where the game goes are truly delightful, I've played other hand painted adventure games but none other comes close to the beauty of these environments.If you have finished the game I'd recommend watching the documentary series of its making on youtube,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVwg-9WL3dE&index=2&list=PLIhLvue17Sd7F6pU2ByRRb0igiI-WKk3Dit's an amazing insight both into game development and the challenges the team faced while making the game which any aspiring game developer or game enthusiast should watch.Broken Age is an amazing game that both adventure game veterans and newcomers should experience."
,Recommended,232790,16418044,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,owlbeyourfriend,"[Currently at the beginning of Act 2]This game has so many good things. The animation (which is what it truly is) is beautiful. I felt many times that I was watching something, rather than playing a game, because the actions were so fluid.The dialogue/voice acting is on point. Witty with a sprinkling of sarcasm, but definitely whimsical.The action/gameplay is a point-and-click, which appeals to me. It reminds me of the 90's computer games, but the setting and the styling make it seem fresher rather than retro-cool.The puzzles can be challenging, but not so much so that you rage-quit.Two things on my con list, and they're connected: Shay's story and the game as a whole seem too short. While I didn't finish in one long playthrough, it could easily be done (and in fact, one of the Steam achievement's is to finish the game in less than an hour). I'm not finished yet, but I can already tell that I'll be left wanting more."
,Recommended,232790,16237368,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,meireneketo,I was expectingthe cutleryto have a reunion... what a letdown. :C
,Recommended,232790,16157392,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Kegs,"Saw the kickstarter, but was not a backer (as a person who prefers to use cash).  Purchased the game recently, with both acts being available.  This is a fantastic game from a fantastic company that needs and deserves your support.  I'm not going to give a long pros/cons list, because that's what every other steam review is and I don't get paid to review games.  However, I will say that this game is gorgeous, fun, impactful, and very much worth your time/money."
,Recommended,232790,16177609,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Rykah,"There is a lot of details that I wanted explained in the second part that weren't really. While the first part was mind blowingly good the second part was just pretty good (They didn't really add new areas and some of the puzzles just weren't as cohesive as they should have been). I think that's why a lot of people were disappointed. I really liked the whole game and it's completely worth  the price. It's a full, finished, highly entertaining story-driven game and that's more than most new games can boast."
,Not Recommended,232790,15645753,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,aleske,Act 1 was promising and delightful. But act 2 is an absurd mess full of illogical puzzles and unnecessary complications.
76561198042478426,Not Recommended,232790,15646320,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Jade BGE,Where the hell is the rest of my game? How much time do you need 2 years? One was enough for the second half!
76561198088968551,Not Recommended,232790,15646964,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,wobbiso,What's there to say? Act 2 was very disappointing.
,Not Recommended,232790,15650990,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Soothsayer,"tldr: Part two is not as funny, the puzzles are unintuitive and the game patronizes you. I don't plan to finish playing.I enjoyed the first part of this game. The art style was unique, the sountrack set the tone well and I thought the characters were mostly pretty interesting. I loved all the cameos, too. Jack Black, Pen Ward and Wil Wheaton are all in there and play appropriately funny roles. The puzzles weren't super difficult and relatively sparse, but I chose to reserve judgement until the second part came out. The story ended on a cliffhanger that made me pretty excited to find out what was going on. I was looking forward to part two.Upon starting part two, I'm instantly hit by the fact that they're done introducing interesting characters. I think so anyway. I got about halfway through part two, I think. The game continues and I'm not enjoying myself as much. It's like they told all the jokes in the first part and now they're trying to drag them out as long as the audience will listen. ""Whatever"", I thought, ""I just want to finish the story!"" Like a mantra, I chant this to myself every time some puzzle with an unintuitive solution comes up. There are a -lot- more this time around.I had to stop playing. Apparently they got the message that the puzzles were too easy because they managed to confuse the hell outta me. And then they do that thing that games do when you've messed up enough times that they begin to wonder whether or not you actually made it -through- second grade. They try to make it easier like ""Hey, have you tried looking at all this stuff here? Cuz you know we put all this stuff here for you. No, not like that... Okay, well let me draw you a chart and put it up on the wall for you. That oughta help.""That's not an exaggeration. That happens.So I'm not going to finish this game. It's frustrating and not as funny as part one. But the condescending attitude of a developer that feels the need to give unsolicited hints to someone struggling with a puzzle is too much for me. I'd rather stick with the trial-and-error that I was forced to do for nearly every other puzzle in part two."
,Not Recommended,232790,15707337,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Red Snatcha,"Don't let the 16 hours fool you. I spent apparently 9 hours this week struggling through act 2 because it could barely hold my attention, so I'd be alt-tabbed for a lot of that.ACT 2 is marred by long loading times between each new scene. Coupled with extensive backtracking, I spent a lot of time looking at my phone. There is only one new area in the entire game and you spend at most 10 minutes in it. It's a great way to kill any drive one would have to continue playing the game.The story in ACT 2 just fumbles about over nothing and the big bad's entire plot just reeks of Tim pushing a social agenda. SPOILER: The 'privileged' white race need to mix with 'lesser' breeds in order to survive."
,Not Recommended,232790,15707606,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,jpj22,"Act 2 is awful - some incredibly poor puzzles, re-use of art and locations from Act 1, and the actual ending is done with slides over the credit sequence. If you want to scratch your adventure game itch, try Wadjet Games (Primordia is excellent.)"
76561198118779094,Recommended,232790,20242840,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,rainynight,"As a lot of others has said Act 2 isn't as great as Act 1, sure. Having to go to another character to solve a puzzle was not something I thought I would have to do since Act 1 doesn't have any of that and it does break the immersion somewhat.I also expected more of the plot, and I was let down somewhat.But it's still a beautiful game with great graphics, adorable characters, and funny moments. It isn't the best game in the world and has it's faults but I still think it's worth playing, and I do plan on playing it again in the future.That's just me though."
,Recommended,232790,20270450,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,B3aT,"True adventure game, with a twist (2 in 1). True as in: has a story, thematic hard puzzles, lengthy game."
76561198022456064,Recommended,232790,16729262,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,BiggerBoss,"While some parts were rushed in the 2nd act and I feel like they could have gotten deeper into certain moments and characters, I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys Point n click adventures with good writing, animation and quirkiness. Maybe like two of the puzzles are complicated but not that annoying. When you're made to actually write stuff down on paper to remember it, you know you're getting invested into this. Tim Schafer and the other crew at Double Fine, you guys are geniuses who prefer quality. I understand alot of people are bitter at this game for not meeting expectations and a long wait since they might have helped back the kickstarter, and that's fine, but personally I had fun with this adventure."
,Recommended,232790,16642910,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,pheonix991,"Just finished the game, wow, that was a ride!!!  It got frustrating at times, but over all great puzzles!!!"
,Recommended,232790,16776452,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Kissamies,"Good adventure game with nice visuals and story plus some fairly big name voice actors. I like my adventure games very casual with the setting, characters and plot being the main thing, while the puzzles should only be an occasional gentle speed bump of gameplay and player interactivity. The first act does this great, the puzzles being almost too easy. At the second act, however, the puzzles get much harder and tedious. Luckily we have internet and walkthroughs in these days. This second act had me glancing at them more than once. At least in the second act and especially in the finale they made the two different stories affect each other.Storywise it's pretty good all through. I might have liked slightly more elaborate wrapping up at the end, but more objectively that probably wouldn't have fit the style. All this delivered with great voice acting."
,Recommended,232790,16878255,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Asclepeion,"Never played any games like Broken Age before. It is simple yet beautiful. You basically follow a story about a girl and a boy, in a different place, solving their problems. You can change who you control at anytime. The puzzles get a lot harder on the second act, although it gets funnier. Oh, and the story is engaging and new!"
,Not Recommended,232790,21253112,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,davidmoralesmojica,"I expected the game to have the halo of the good old LucasArts graphic adventures, but it's very different. It's a point&click game with a very complex story. It reminds me a little to The day of the tentacle because it uses two characters with different stories that overlap in some points of the game. But there finish the similarities.I had to follow a guide to be able to solve the puzzles, which were extremely hard for me, even having played almost all the LucasArts games in 90s."
,Not Recommended,232790,16329578,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,thePoark,"Even with a beautiful art style, animation, and voice acting, Broken Age turns into a dreadful game. The puzzles start out whimsical and somewhat charming, eventually becoming frustrating and downright asinine.  The gameplay relies heavily on backtracking, trial and error, and obtuse ""logic"".  You will be forced to run circuits throughout the same 6-8 scenes over and over and over again, deseperately seeking to stumble upon some absurd situation, or item-combining nightmare, for which no precendent was set.  This leaves you swinging blindly most of the time, just trying to trigger the next element to some puzzle that really has nothing to do with anything.Imagine, as a child, it is your birthday, and your parents throw a wonderful party; it's nicely decorated, and your friends show up in elaborate costumes; the presentation of it all is amazing.  It is not announced, but now it's time for party games; it's time to break the pinata!  ...because... well, you know you have to break a pinata.  ...but, you don't know where it is.  So you run back and forth across the various sections of the yard, and all throughout the house, looking for any sign of the pinata.  The clues to its whereabouts also probably involve calling random strangers in the phonebook until you discover someone who is also having their own birthday party.  You should probably get them find and take apart an old VCR though (hint: they don't own one; nobody does anymore), because ...WELL, JUST DO IT.  Then, with the VCR in pieces, which you know has something to do with the solution to something somewhere, it still doesn't make any sense.  Instead, you wander and cry for an hour before you finally stumble upon where the pinata is hidden.  Except, you have no implement to destroy the pinata, and are not tall enough to reach it. Then you realize that trading your aunt some string for a piece of gum, which you then place in the path of the Roomba that is vacuuming the house, will cause it to make a loud whining sound that causes someone outside at the party to trip and fall into the pinata, breaking it apart.  Except there are no treats inside, only tears -- tears of the fallen gods, who died out long ago after playing this game.There is some genuinely funny humor in places, but it is peppered in among cliches, and contrived circumstances built seemingly to make a joke.  The dialog and voice acting is otherwise top-notich, though the quality of Act 2 overall, especially in cutscenes, did not feel well-honed, giving it a sense that the project was rushed.  There are some good ideas in places, such as with sharing puzzle solutions between protagonists, but they are executed in such a frustrating way that makes playing the game an exercise in patience and tolerance.Perhaps all of the shortcomings of the puzzles and backtracking could be overlooked if the payout of the story delivered something surprising or exciting, but it never does.  The only twist in the game comes early in Act 1, and the rest of the narrative just leans on absurd puzzle situations without actually delivering an interesting overall story.  For as odd, and deeply imaginative as the setting and situations are, the story falls flat and doesn't deliver any incentive to see it through.  There is just no payout, and that's what makes this the most disappointing.  If you must play this, do it with a walkthrough at the ready."
76561197978197359,Not Recommended,232790,20398776,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,BLaZe,"I’ll make my review short and bitter.Part one: Brilliant, charming, and witty. The characters were likable and the environment was something new and exciting. Overall a very entertaining story.Part two: All the magic from part one was destroyed in part two. Anything unique was made ordinary and the ending was so cliché. Part two killed it for me."
,Not Recommended,232790,21809760,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Brahlam,"The game is beautiful, but for a game that long in development there are very few scenes and the story... well... there are some interesting characters but overall its not that special. :/If you like point and click I would recommend the Deadalic Games more, or Grim Fandango, I expected much much more from this title. If you want to try it grab it during a sale, for the full price there are just better point and click adventures out there."
76561197970857577,Recommended,232790,22437705,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,adamscottprice,"I bought and played Broken Age after playing the remastered Day of the Tentacle. Whilst BA didn't quite scratch the itch I had for playing more of the same of DotT, I would still recommend BA. At the time of playing I did feel the puzzles were quite easy for much of the game, but towards the end the puzzles did become harder. I didn't become completely stuck at any point, and don't feel that there were really any 'random' or 'illogical' puzzles.The story and characters in broken age are quite pleasant, and some of the not-particularly-subtle adult puns and humour were well appreciated.I think that I would definitely recommend this game to anyone wanting to play a good point and click puzzle adventure. It is good quality."
,Recommended,232790,20391982,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,melancologic,"The early stages of the game made it feel like a kid's game. Until the wolf came along...What I liked about this:Great art, nice environments, great character designs, looks like a show from cartoon networkGreat voice acting (well it has to be, after all, it has big name actors behind it Elijah Wood, Jack Black, etc..)Some funny moments/dialogues (the yarn dolls, Jack Black's Harmn'y, Curtis)Interesing story, great pacing, unexpected plot twists (I like how it presents the plot from two interconnected perspectives)Most* puzzles can be solved with plain common sense - no nonsensical, convoluted, mind-numbing solutionsThe ability to switch between two characters and their storylines. e.g. playing through one character helps you solve a puzzle in the other character's storyWhat I didn't really like,Puzzle difficulty jumps from really easy kid's stuff (like eating ice cream) to something like a Sherlock-Holmes mystery. Although I try as much to complete a playthrough without  a guide, I had to do it more than a couple of times for this game. Like how was I to know that the snake would eventually faint after ""hugging"" me, wasn't it I who was supposed to faint?Lack of a guide or tutorial. The game directly throws you in with no instructions or guides of any sort. I guess its part of the puzzle solving to figure out how to work the game. Though this isn't much of a big deal to me since I've played alot of point-and-click games before but still having it would be nice.Not sure if this happens on all systems or if its something in the settings but sometimes the character seems to follow your mouse cursor around even if you haven't clicked on anything yet. It gets annoying at times when the character stands in front of an object you need to interact with.Overall it was a fun experience and a great game. Definitely worth its price even when its not on sale. :)"
76561198116124457,Not Recommended,232790,15882186,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,muirghienrudh,"I really liked the first half of this game. The art is awesome and the story was intriguing. The second part... left a lot to be desired. I didn't even care that it took so long to come out.  I went in excited to play the rest of the game. As I played the puzzles started to make no sense until the final part. I can't even begin to describe the frustration I felt in having my progress reset several times because I didn't figure out the magical correct sequence of events. Finally being so frustrated I just wanted this damn game to end I tried a walkthrough, following it to the tee I still managed to not get the order right and have all my progress reset. Nope. I'm done. I guess I'll never know how the game ends. I play games for fun and challenge. Not for frustration of esoteric puzzles and boring repetition. If you want a set of fun and beautifully created story puzzle games head over to Daedalic and skip this one."
76561198049726743,Not Recommended,232790,15659462,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,The Triarch,"The second act is where this game falls apart for me, the puzzles are unintuitive, illogical, and don't even get me started on the wire puzzles. The story drops off into oblivion as well. Don't waste your money on this polished turd of a game."
,Not Recommended,232790,15744828,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,beckaliz,"I don't mind that they took longer to finish than originally expected. However, Act 2's puzzles were annoying, I got tired of the recycled environments, and the story fell flat. I don't feel like I accomplished anything.It wasn't terrible, but I was disappointed."
76561198027958938,Not Recommended,232790,15766262,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Ozymandible,Arbitrary and ultimately meaningless.
,Not Recommended,232790,15768367,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,wssrdturtle,The graphic and music are gorgeous and stylish. The overall story is good but the ending is disappointing without a climax. The puzzles are unique but notoriously unfair and it is nearly impossible to solve many of them without a walkthrough in hand.So I feel mixed about this game :$
76561198031205183,Not Recommended,232790,15827864,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,davidkane,"The second episode is such a disappointment. The first stage was sure, a little short, but intuative and fun. It made you feel good along the way. In this episode they've tried to make it a little longer, by making it a little more, hmmm, random. For instance, even if you've already worked out what to do, you need to speak to the right people, in the right order, to, for instance, get a friken' pencil.Honestly, I can't even be bothered to complete it."
,Recommended,232790,20387207,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Hosky,"Wow. This game is a masterpiece. The art is beautiful and the subtle effects really emphasise the immersiveness of gameplay. The attentsion to animation also achieves the same. What made playing this game even more enjoyable was watching Double Fine Adventures, the documentry on the making of the game. Seeing the whole process of its development, the work put in by artists, programmers, producers, and others was awesome and especially enjoyable for someone such as myself wanting to enter the game industry. Please buy and watch it first before playing the majority of the game as it really increases your appreaciotion for not only this game, but the indie industry as a whole. The amount of hurdles and issues they overcame was impressive. As such, playing this game gave me an expirence unlike anything else I've played.Thank you Double Fine, Amazing game."
76561197973337386,Not Recommended,232790,25631779,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Ellerwind,"Like a lot of reviews I read I have to go with a No way for this game.Part one was fun. There was one point where I looked up how to do a puzzle. The rest was easy or not to hard to work out and fun at the same time. I loved it and replayed it when part 2 came out.Part two was the flip side. It's like they said to them selfs ""Part one was two easy and people completed it to fast. This time we will make it harder so it's more fun"" and ended up killing it. One puzzle you have to look at a knote and try to tell a person a lot of clicking away what it looks like. If you get it wrong you have to go from the start with a NEW knote.There was also a LOT more swapping between both people and some parts that I just picked a random answer becorse there was no clear way to know what was right and once more if you picked wrong it's BACK to the start to do all over.I still have to end the game but each time I think it's time to do it I think back to how hard it became and move on to another more fun game."
,Not Recommended,232790,15747167,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Beaker,"After a year of waiting time, the second act of Broken Age finally arrived! Unfortunately it has not been worth the wait in my eyes. These are the main reasons for me not to recommend:REASONS TO BUYAct 1:- Beautiful artwork- Gorgeous soundtrack- Superb voice cast - one of the best I've seen in a video game up to this point- Interesting characters and narrative focus on the ""broken age"" of two teenagersAct 2:- You get to know what happens after Act 1REASONS NOT TO BUYAct 1:- The puzzles are pretty boring- No one really listens to you (That may be part of the story though)Act 2:-The puzzles are difficult but annoyingly repetitive; obvious answers are often wrong; some puzzles can only be solved by randomly repeating steps in different order- No new places- Absurd story line that connects to the events of Act 1, but not to it's messageWhy would they replace the wolf by an Alien? This concept is not further explored in the ongoing game either.- Still nobody listens to you or is at least somewhat interested in other people. While there may be a narrative reason for doing so in Act 1, it makes all kinds of conversation flat and uninteresting in Act 2 (story wise at least - there are still some funny characters, such asthe talking tree, whom I enjoyed talking with.)CONCLUSIONBuy in a Sale, to enjoy the overall atmosphere of Act 1. Don't waste your time with Act 2 though."
76561198020546745,Not Recommended,232790,15618802,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Taco,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. It's a huge let down. Sure it has some varying puzzles but don't expect any deep gameplay because that dies at the end of Act 1.
76561198115835753,Recommended,232790,20275570,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Maurice,"Best animated story book that I have played. Things make sense, mostly. Trial and error is actually fun and provides that bit of difficulty without making people tear their hair out. Love the wit."
,Recommended,232790,22658774,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,scarletlady,"I literally could not recommend this game more. The art, animation, and cinematics are great, the voice acting is great, the pop culture references and jokes are great, and the story actively made me cry (happy tears not sad ones)A couple of the puzzles' solutions are findable, but would have required hours of searching and trial and error if I hadn't resorted to a wakthrough. You should buy and play this immediately, but also don't feel guilty for googling something if it takes you a long time to figure out.4.7/5"
76561198042026023,Not Recommended,232790,29161457,Posted: 10 January,all,Rmaul,The story is short and feels uncomplete. The puzzles in act 2 can be tedious.
76561198019310498,Recommended,232790,18581147,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Flavius the Killa,"This is just like an old LucasArts adventure game, which is apparently what they set out to create.  I played it with absolutely no knowledge of the production or Kickstarter, and I can say I thoroughly enjoyed it in its entirety.  Sure there are some flaws, but every one of those old games had some flaws.The end result is beautiful art, moving and interesting music, charming characters, and a new kind of interactive story.  Definitely worth it for point-and-click fans."
76561197978491814,Recommended,232790,20243496,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ElRonDrummer,A classic point and click adventure game in the vein of Grim Fandango and Sam and Max. The classic Lucas Arts style adventure lives on in Broken Age!
,Recommended,232790,20281951,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Pariah Zero,"Loved everything about this game. The story, the graphical style. It was like playing a cartoon."
,Not Recommended,232790,9511948,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Some Dumbass,"Yes, the art is great, the soundtrack is great, the story is great, but the actual gameplay itself wasn't very fun at all. This feels like it should have been a movie and not a videogame. You are almost always locked into one path. It didn't feel like an adventure at all- there's no real danger. Also it's very short. I definitely can't reccommend it until Act 2 comes out.1) The game doesn't explain itself. Especially in the Vella story, I got through all the puzzles by clicking on things in my inventory randomly. Also, at one point in the Vella story you come to a puzzle that can only be solved by an object from much earlier in the game that, at the time, you didn't actually need to have. I ended up having to go all the way back for it. Then there's also the part with the snake that blocks the path. There's no way to get past the snake. It's basically an invisible wall. But I didn't realize this, so I spent a good amount of time trying to get past the snake because I thought that that was how I was meant to progress.2) Yes, I get that there will be a second part, but even with all the wandering pointlessly and clicking randomly that I did, I still beat the game (both storylines) in 5 hours. Again, half of that time was spent wandering around between the beach and the woods. I beat the game the same day that I bought it.3) Maybe this game isn't supposed to work this way, but there's no way to lose the game. When you finally confront Mog Chothra at the end of Vella's story, you can stand on the beach as long as you want, and even when Mog Chothra finally grabs you, you just dangle in front of its closed mouth for a minute until Vella frees herself automatically or you do something. There is absolutely no pressure on you to do anything. Take your time."
,Recommended,232790,16737453,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ListigerWolf84,"The best part of this game is the story, the ends feels more like a cliff hanger though. Get it for the story, and the puzzles ine the first act, but not the second.Worst puzzles ever in the Second Act.The only hint is in the family picture. The Wires on the back are no help what so ever with where the wires should go, and don't bother looking up wire patterns they are all randomized. Who would have thought looking at a family picture would be a right off hand a clue... There were a lot of things you never would have thought of so far in the Second act it's so... SO frustrating! While the 1st Act was prefect, the Second Act felt so sloppy, like they made it with the full intentions of knowing people would look for a hint online instead of better made hints inside (the hints in game in the second act are barebones).If you are human you play a game you pick one side and finish it, then switch, with this game it won't let you know you have finished one side until you are 100% frustrated with clicking and on everything, and you look it up... It was time to switch, wtf didn't just switch for me when you came basically to the dead end until you played the other side further?"
,Not Recommended,232790,9975649,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Sunshine,"No, not yet anyway (unless you buy it on sale). There's absolutely nothing wrong with the game. Everything from the story to art to voice acting is perfect. My issue is that it (consisting of a single Act with a cliffhanger ending at the time of this writing) is too short to justify the $25 I spent on the game."
,Recommended,232790,18299945,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,labingo,"Absolutely loved this game! This is the best character development and plot I've seen in a long, long time."
,Recommended,232790,13355022,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mikey,You make a tree throw up by showing him a stool.9/11
76561197973742943,Recommended,232790,13489217,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,howlwind,"The story, animation, and voice acting are top notch.  The puzzles are mostly simplistic, but it is a very decent adventure game.  I recommend getting it on sale, though, as the first act is only about 3 hours of gameplay. (Or less)"
,Recommended,232790,19708127,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Azraekan,Wil Weaton is one of my favorite voice actors. He played Curtis in this game... Curtis so Laid Back... like Bro... Totally chill! Awesome game by the way!! Very well done!
,Not Recommended,232790,9416833,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,3Dguy,"This game is short.  It's dull.  The ""puzzles"" would be great if I were a 5yr old.  And I'm not a very strong adventure-puzzle-game kind of person. I may as well have been watching a movie. It felt THAT passive.  Waste of money and time."
76561198123423720,Not Recommended,232790,9215305,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Dr.Zaius,"I enjoy ""point and click"" games and have since I started gaming over 25 years ago. What I enjoy about them is the puzzle solving factor. It's really what that genre is about for me. Story lines are great, but the game aspect of ""point and click"" are the puzzles that can come in many forms. This games attempt at puzzles was pathetic.I felt like this was a game for children.Huge regret spending time and money on this.If I had to say something positve , it would be that the voice acting was good. That's the only thing I found good about this game. In fact I'm not really sure I would classify this as a game. More of an interactive bed time story for child.Too bad, so sad."
,Recommended,232790,18686349,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Redsm0ke,"In soul, I think this is a fantastic game. But it's not for me. Nevertheless, I think it's a good gateway to ""point and click"" adventure games. Act 1 is like, the casual version of it. And the act 2 is for the veteran version of it. And the world & characters & artstyle are so strong, that the game feels truly alive in the moments of ""not -back & forth- walking"". Even though I had to check internet aid in pretty early in act 2, I also got puzzles that made me use pen & paper, which is fantastic."
,Not Recommended,232790,14248190,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,isoleeee 😻,Still not a full game. Great art and production value. But incomplete and pretty bland in gameplay.
,Not Recommended,232790,9041085,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,pennyknife,great point and click but a little to easy and at 30 dollers and beating it in only 2 hrs i cant recomend this game atm
,Not Recommended,232790,24695019,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Apinasan,Act 2 puzzles suck.
76561198016002315,Recommended,232790,13446104,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Raven,"A lot of people are complaining about the kickstarter, and how much money they made from it and I only half agree to this.First of, I think the game is great. Some people call it low budget assets, I call it beautifull artwork. It gives the game a certain vibe (no not the low budget vibe), a bit like it is hand drawn and animated paper. The puzzles are clever for most of the game and I only sometimes ran in to the run X on everything problem due to developers logic. The story is great and it is nice that you can play both characters stories at the same time. First I was afraid it would spoil the other story if I played them one at a time, but this was not the case and the end result was satisfying. It also played great on my Surface with touchscreen only so this is also a plus.Now on to the Kickstarter issues. These are mostly centered around 2 things: money and time.First the time issue: this game has been out for almost a year and there is still no part 2. I completely agree on this point that it is unacceptable. The game is currently fairly short, and I have no illusions that part 2 will be any longer. Due to this part two should have been out a half year ago at the latest. I agree that it feels that time is spent elsewhere while the Kickstarter made enough money to do this in a relatively short time.Then the money issue: people feel that not all the Kickstarter money is being spent on this game. Well, that might indeed be the case. Aside from the issue with the game not being finished yet, I don not agree with the comments that the game should have been different. The way I see it they have made what the Kickstarter promised and the rest of the money is profit. I don't think they should be obligated to spend it on this game, if they build another game from that money I'm not complaining.Should you buy this game? If the above video looks like it's your thing then yes. If it's on sale, then you really should."
76561198013674534,Not Recommended,232790,9325895,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Shiznitz,"Basically, 3 hours of play time for $20. Not cool"
76561198051242677,Not Recommended,232790,10109583,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,youghourt,A little short and slow
,Not Recommended,232790,9250958,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,sforza,i love tim schäfer for his humorous and his way to make games different and special. But Broken Age didn't catch my heart. The reason probably is that the main characters are boring.
76561198097592382,Not Recommended,232790,14408048,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Null Pointer,"If you are looking at this game as ""Adventure GAME of Double Fine"", you are mistaken.It is ""A mediocre STORY, which includes just 3 or 4 puzzles""I love adventure games.And I respect that there are different styles of adventure games.Monkey Island, Longest Journey, Walking Dead, etc, all great games with their own styles.Some of them are more funny, some have cool puzzles and some have better stories.But Broken Age is bad in all of them; humor, puzzles and story.If you can click the left button of the mouse, you'll probably finish the game easily.I'm sure you know the feeling that, you can't leave the game because you just want to finish one more level/puzzle and end up staying awake until 4am. You won't get that feeling with this game. No where near it.I LOVE Double Fine. That's why I bought this game even with bad reviews.But at the end, didn't like it."
76561197988893013,Not Recommended,232790,14441424,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,The Roadhouse,"DON'T GET SUCKED INTO THE DECENT METASCORE!!!Since Monkey Island and Grim Fandango, I haven't played such an awesome point and click adventure as this. Animation is stunning. Though appearing childish, the dialogue and surroundings have some great subtextual themes that anyone can get into.When one story gets a little monotonous you can just switch to the other. First episode is only about 3.5 hours but so worth it... With the expectation that something else would be coming out.Though when the second episode comes out... I can't imagine paying the same thing for it. It should absolutey be included free if you bought the first.Now I had a good time with the game, but paying $25 for half a game... just bad business."
,Not Recommended,232790,8990521,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,no,"Sweet jeesus, what the hell guys? This game is not worth the praise it's gotten just because it's, at best, ok. I don't really care for point and click games that much, but even I've played way better - what the hell have you guys been playing?YEAHYEAH the music is good, the art is neat in it's own way blahblahblah. The voice acting is decent (save for the ultra-mousey and annoying as hell Vella) but I expect that with the cast that's on it. 3 million dollars you accomplished that much - congratulations.First off, I wasn't expecting to beat this in about 5 hours, that's bad. I know it's in two acts, but we're sitting at 10 hours play time total? And I was lazy while playing it since I was bored by the ""amazing"" story.Revolutionary? By no means. I mean, how is this at all advancing or re-defining the genre? I get that there's not a lot of point-and-click titles, filled with crap like Anna and Gone Home... but if you think this game changes anything for the better, you just aren't familiar with the genre. At all. Maybe that's why everyone keeps gushing out the word ""nostalgia"" - as if boasting about rarely playing a genre makes you a better game reviewer.Honestly, you can get the Deponia series for cheap thru the frequent semi-annual sales on steam, and all three acts are good games on their OWN, you don't even need all three. They are filled with at least 10-12 hours *per chapter* and with more interesting and inventive puzzles and game mechanics. You know what else you get as opposed to this game? An interesting story, amusing dialogue, and much better characters. I cannot see anyone playing the Deponia series and coming out praising Broken Age. This is just very boring pretty fluff."
76561198046221922,Not Recommended,232790,13467813,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Lucky,"i love point and click adventures, and this game is beautifully crafted. I cant recommend this game for the price listed for what is offered. I only got a maximum of 3 hours game play out of 14 usd with next to no replay value left to its name. i might be interested in checking out the rest of the game once all acts are released and it goes on sale at a reduced price.again the game is really well done with beautiful art, music, and humor, but not for the price."
76561198067860111,Not Recommended,232790,14949949,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Prince,Boring. Repetative. Same sections used over and over again. ZZZZ.
,Recommended,232790,19461177,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,yummy / csgoroll.com,"Where do I begin, I'd like to start by saying, I would, without a second thought, recommend this game to anyone that loves stories, beautifully inspiring artistic graphics, and both fun, humorous and at times mind wrenching puzzle click based games.ACT1 of Broken Age is, to put it bluntly, a work of art. It has humor, soul, depth, absolutely breath taking graphics and a story line that is as rewarding to follow through as any top selling novels out there! What sets this game apart from others, is not only the story line, the graphics, but its ability to skip from purely hilarious story telling to dark almost brutal and thought provoking moments. Act 1's story is purely amazing.It's a duel story game where you can switch from playing as Vella, a young girl who refuses her fate as a sacrificial meal to a horrifying creature, or as Shay, a young, over sensitive and  somewhat lonely cosmonaut who may very well be the last human alive. The story line and script in general is jam packed with hilarious references and pure comedy gold that had me giggling all the way through...but there was more. What caught me off-guard with Broken Age was how deep the story would go into topics of loneliness, self-discovery and sacrifice too.From a game-play standpoint I loved the duel story-line modes because you could be playing as Vella and get stuck on a puzzle needing a little timeout, you could instantly jump into Shay's world and continue the other story line for a fresh perspective on the other puzzles later on.No amount of words or compliments can actually describe how beautiful this game is, it's like your all time favorite comic book or coloring book come to life on the pages right before your eyes as the story is being told. The worlds are massive, creative, inspiring, and the experience of playing as either Vella or Shay is memorable to say the least.Now the much awaited review on Act2... let me start off by saying that the universe you find yourself hurled into in Act2 (which picks off right after the insane cliffhanger of Act1) is as beautiful and inspiring as Act1! Everything you loved graphically is right there, only it'll take you twice as long to get through it all than before, so more eye candy and heart warming moments to enjoy! New characters, crazy puzzles, and the most unexpected story line yet!The main difference in Act2 is that, the universe is the same..I know, i said difference, that's because you expect to explore more beautiful worlds, only you sort of backtrack to all the places you've already been to as you meet new characters and the story yet again develops into this fantastic tale of inspiring goodness! While I would have loved for an opportunity to explore even more cities and places, I was more than happy with how things went because the characters kept me on my toes and interested the whole time!The puzzles in Act 2 are at times super super super hard, and by super hard I mean Grrrrrr!!!!! hard!!!! Almost to the point of leaving me with a strange feeling that someone didn't think a particular puzzle through all the way, and some took far too long to complete, but overall I can't complain, the experience gained by solving them and playing Act 2, as well as all the fun I had, just made up for every moment of frustration!Act 2 wraps up the beautiful story and I can only say this was a gaming adventure I'll truly cherish! To all my friends and those reading this trying to make up their minds, trust me, this game is truly worth it if you're into this genre!If you have any questions leave a comment or add me to chat I would be more than happy to help you further!"
,Recommended,232790,15624743,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Lethaltea,"I enjoyed the story and the twist at the end of act one. The art and voice acting are really gorgeous and top notch. However, there are some major problems with the game including the rather rushed ending that doesn't really makes sense (I mean how does Yay bridge = Yay defeated the overlords?) and that act two finale includes some truely impossible feats of logic to beat. I would have never completed this game without a walk through and that's pretty frustrating. Still overall, it kept me occupied for 10hours and I had fun."
76561198028123147,Recommended,232790,15608565,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Queenb9999,"Everything about this game is awesome, and it was well worth the wait.- Music is great- Puzzles are fairly challenging at times- Voice acting is very enjoyable and funny :D- Loved the art work and style of the game- There are lots of things to see through multiple play-throughs such as different dialogue you may have missedIf you like these time of games then I think you'll love it, if not don't get it. If you are upset it too so long to come out just know it was time well spent instead of being rushed. This is a lovely game and I recommend it highly :D hope this was helpful to you. I can't wait to play through it again and get all the achievements this time!"
76561197988012862,Recommended,232790,15669571,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,mendel,"Don't believe the naysayers, this is an excellent, fully voiced and animated AAA adventure with a special sense of humor that lasted me 14 hours.Like Peter Molyneux's ""Godus"", Tim Schafer's ""Broken Age"" gets dissed by a lot fo fans who supported it on Kickstarter. As with Godus, I set out with the expectation to find out if its detractors are right, or if the game is being unjustly treated. I didn't like Godus, but Broken Age delivers all that I want. Note that I never played the unfinished game.All puzzles are logical and have the clues needed to solve them available at all times, though they can be difficult to find or to figure out. Perservere! I got stuck 3 times and in hindsight wish I had perservered, I was never far from making the final connection that would have let me figure it out myself. It definitely has that old-school adventure feeling.You get to control two characters, Shay and Vella, who are separate at first, but in act 2 you have to learn to coordinate their knowledge in order to progress. The way the initially separate storylines have been intertwined is quite original!Conclusion: I'd say I disagree with pretty much every criticism of this game that I've read so far, except that the ending would've been more awesome if the events hinted at via the vignettes set into the credits were fleshed out more."
,Recommended,232790,19536685,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,MakoSipper,"Act 2 is way better than Act 1First of all: don't watch a single episode ofDouble Fine Adventure!before playing this! I've read in the forums that I could watch up to episode 14 before playing Act 1, but I got some minor and medium spoilers.Well, Broken Age is a game designed by Tim Schafer, known for some adventure games like Day of the Tentacle, Full Throttle, and Grim Fandango. The game was funded on KickStarter with about $ 3.5 million when they had pledged only for $ 400k. The whole production process is involved in a lot of controversy, and I won't get into details here. The only important thing to point out is that Broken Age is divided in two Acts (the second Act also has a shorter ""finale"" which some people call Act 3), and that Act 1 was rushed out for financial reasons, and I think it affected its quality.Anyway, I'll list the most distinguised aspects of the game (good or bad) below:👍 The story is solid, well-woven and not something I'll forget anytime soon.👍 Different from a lot of games known for their awesome plot twists, Broken Age's plot isn't obvious. There were a lot of jaw-dropping moments for me, which are always nice.👍 I can see this game appealing to a very broad age range (despite what other people say). Of course, it won't reach all audiences, but it's not age-related, even though it's a ""coming-of-age"" story.👍 Most of the puzzles are really smart and just hard enough to give you that little frustration that makes puzzles interesting, but not too hard that makes you rage-quit (I beat the game without any help, btw). This applies especially to Act 2. You definitely get those eureka moments.👍 The level of the hints the game provides you is also spot on (again, mostly on Act 2).👍 Characters are interesing, fun to interact with and talk to, and have very distinguished personalities.👍 Voice-acting is really good, which brings even more life into the game.👍 There's a lot of extra additions to the game that really brings flavor into it. There are many things you can try out that will result in unique reactions, even if they don't help you advance in the game (a lot of them don't even provide hints). And that's a lot of work that really makes a considerable difference in your gameplay experience.👍 Graphics are stunningly beautiful--just take a look at the screenshots. Very good hand-drawn art.👍 BGM is also memorable. I even caught myself humming one or two songs when I wasn't playing the game.± While it's a good game, there's a lot of unexplored potential. I know you can only ask so much and that's not a bad thing per se, but it makes you wish you had more.± Playing with two different characters is a really nice aspect of the game. But I wish the game would explore that a bit more, making me go back and forth between stories more often (I beat Vella's Act 1 not switching even once to Shay). On Act 2, you'll need to switch between characters a few times, but they're still rare occasions.± I've played the whole game bug-free on my PC, but some people report a few bugs, especially in other platforms, so I thought it was worth mentioning it here.👎 A few of the puzzles were illogical (like the two characters sharing information via the player's mind -- in other words, for example, Vella learns something, you as the player learns that as well and have to use that information to help Shay, even though there's no way Shay could've known that), but those were excepetions to the rule.👎 Act 1 was way too easy. It was more like a story than an adventure game. More like a prelude, even. It made me question the quality of the game while I was going through it, but as soon as it ended, everything changed for me (for the better, of course).Basically, if you're an old-time adventure game fan, don't take critics on Act 2 too seriously. If you can handle some frustration of not immediately knowing the answer to a puzzle (and resist the temptation to look up the answer somewhere), then you'll enjoy this game, especially act 2."
,Not Recommended,232790,13767933,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sedonna,"I decided to give this game a try because of the artwork. It was your basic sort of puzzle solving game. The art is really great and the stories kinda-ish interesting, but the game didn't really hook me in terms of gameplay. Not unlike 'The Cave', which operated in a similar way and which I enjoyed a whole bunch. I honestly don't get why 'The Cave' and its puzzle solving was so enjoyable and this game's wasn't, but that's the way it is. In the end, I feel kinda bad for giving this game a thumbs down because it's really not THAT bad, but it didn't manage to be good enough to stay in my memory."
,Not Recommended,232790,11845464,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Lockloe,spoiler: it happens in a broken age
,Recommended,232790,9103581,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Despicable E G G,"If you're the kind of person who likes atmosphere, storyline, and hand-painted graphics (not to mention amazing music), then this game is for YOU!"
,Recommended,232790,15668513,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Meligos,The game is really great! Don't listen to all these haters. There aren't many adventure games are coming out nowadays and that's very game is absolutely worth your attention if you like this genre!
,Recommended,232790,9554359,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Jonman[GWJ],Utterly charming.
,Recommended,232790,15826629,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Berseker,"An excellent point and click. On top of the beautiful art, the game manages to have difficult enigmas while staying logical. Finding solutions comes from ""Eureka!"" moments, not blindly using all your inventory everywhere. It is also pretty long and content packed for a point and click.I really liked the story and and its characters too."
,Recommended,232790,15702490,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,goet,"First half has really easy puzzles but great writing.Second half has great puzzles, but the writing falls apart.Both look and sound great."
76561198081416226,Not Recommended,232790,20475255,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,cool_bombom,bad ending
,Recommended,232790,11530286,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Sardines,"Very good game, especially if you like adventure/puzzle style games. Easy 10/10. The art style is beautiful and the storyline refreshing. I cannot praise this game enough. Only cons would be the wait time for Act 2, which is still not out (it's an episodic game much like Telltale's Walking Dead series) and that sometimes the puzzles can seem a little simple. Still, the storyline and characters are great and overall I'd say this game is definitely worth looking into."
76561197970805046,Recommended,232790,21372764,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,BlueGoose,Fun game!  I really enjoyed the art and styling throughout the game.  The puzzles were fun.  Both story side were fun and I really like the mechanic of switching back and forth.  I got stuck a few times but was usually able to get past parts by brute force item offering and combining.  When you get stuck and 'need a break' but want to keep playing you can just flip to the other story.
76561198041898602,Recommended,232790,33205872,Posted: 3 July,all,klanglor,My son loves this game! Can't find other new games quite like it. All the non-horror point and click adventure games are from the 80s and 90s.
,Recommended,232790,9231724,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,mar7!n,"“Act 1 of Broken Age is a gorgeous, impeccably written adventure that simultaneously tugs at my nostalgic core, while ushering in a new era for the point-and-click genre.”9.5 – IGNIt's really good but a little bit short. Hope act 2 will be longer."
,Not Recommended,232790,15677289,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,WoodisoN,"Act one was beauiful, original, and just the right amount of quirky yet understandable puzzle solving. Act two is a complete mess impossible to complete without a guide featuring a great twist at the beginning that slowly begins to melt into a convoluted mess. What a dissapointment from a very talented company. What happened?"
,Recommended,232790,15604638,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Shizrok,"Great story! Easy to use interface, glad act 2 is out!"
76561198048501906,Not Recommended,232790,21069029,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Captain Avatar,Interesting conceptinteresting art worka few good characterssome interesting momentsfrequently annoying gameplayoften boringcan't say I'm glad I played it
76561198134785909,Recommended,232790,15689560,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,svente,"This game is great. A few reasons:- Beautiful artwork- Amazing soundtrack- Impeccable voice acting (especially the wolf!)- Interesting story- Fun puzzles that are not too easy (especially in part 2)- Innovative dual-role adventure gameThe documentary of its creation is also surprisingly interesting, and I recommend it to anyone interested in video games.Anyone who says this game takes 5 hours is obviously using a walkthrough. It's long and the puzzles are challenging, but not stupidly challenging."
,Recommended,232790,9187375,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,KezzieZ,"This review is in regards to Act 1, since Act 2 is not available yet.Personally, I gladly recommend Broken Age, but I'm going to say right now that it's DEFINITELY not something that will fit everyone's gaming tastes. It's a point-and-click adventure, of course, but a very simple one; sometimes the only difficulty that arose was from temporarily looking over an item that needs to be used. I'm not sure if it's even possible to truly fail this game, to be honest. The game is short, simple enough if you pay attention, and doesn't particularly fall prey to the Sierra Logic issues that sometimes come with point-and-click games (Sierra games were infamous in particular for occasionally having puzzles with solutions that were so absurd, they didn't make sense). If you're looking for a complex puzzle game or something involving some combat, then you should look elsewhere.I recommend this game mostly on the merit of the story, music, and art style. If you've ever played Double Fine games before (Psychonauts comes to mind), then you'll have an idea of what sort of tone this game's story has. I enjoyed the characters and settings, short as everything was, and I'm glad I played it. I wish there had been more to do at least in some of the interactions, but considering this is part 1 of a 2-part game, I'm not going to hold it against the game.What this review basically comes down to is if you can like a game mostly for the story and style, then this may be good to look into. If you want a challenging sort of gameplay experience, though? It's probably not worth your time."
,Recommended,232790,15645571,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,MortAmos,"I loved the art and storyline of Act I and II, they were played out very nicely and had amazing plot twists that had me playing for hours. I will say even though I highly suggest Act II, I felt it was also a little hard to understand at times but turned out better than the Act I in my opinion. I highly recommend this amazing game full of detailed Art and Amazing Music. I've long forgotten and never wanted to touch an adventure game again but Double Fine has brought back all my memories of playing Point, and Click games.9/10I hope to see even more great games to come :)"
76561198022364867,Recommended,232790,15645342,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Zoodino1,Love this game but ♥♥♥♥ the wire puzzle. Other than that amazing game!
,Recommended,232790,26783832,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yaritic,"a little bit hard at times, but so worth. Act 1 is fantastic and even though Act 2 doesn't live up to the previous one, it is enjoyable nevertheless."
,Recommended,232790,26701684,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Toothslayer,"Completed the game with 100% achievements.It's okay.I picked up this game because the first part of the game got generaly favorable reviews, and I became a fan of the development at Double Fine after playing Psychonauts.As a point-and-click puzzle, the game is heavily centered on story, but the plot was not very original. I expected the second act to deliver more but it instead reused same locations from the previous act. I know the developers tried to make it clever by switching the characters into the different locations, but it still felt like a re-hash.But ultimately, if you can buy this game for really cheap, it's enjoyable for it's witty voice-acting and artsy visuals. Don't pay the full price like I did.Also, as a achievement hunter, some of the achievements were fun to discover and get, but the 1-hour speedrun seems a bit useless in a point-and-click game."
76561198055652912,Recommended,232790,20752622,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,jonbotone,"This game is very good, but not as good as Grim Fandango.Broken Age is a point and click adventure game by Tim Schafer, about two teenagers who live two seemingly different lives.  First there is a girl who has been chosen to be sacrificed to a monster but decides to fight back.  Second, is a boy who has been raised on a spaceship by an overprotective super computer, but now he wants more excitement in his life.The art style and environments are gorgeous and Imaginative, the characters you interact with are colorful and memorable, and the humor is well written.  The story, while not as good as some of Tim’s past work, is a pretty decent story with some interesting twists and turns along the way. And while I do believe the game’s ending does leave some questions unanswered, I personally found it satisfying.My personal problem with the game was that some of the puzzles felt a bit too cryptic. I felt like I was forced to find the solutions online, and after finding the solutions, it made me wonder how any normal person would figure them out without having to resort to a walkthrough.  It would have been helpful if the game had a hint button like they had in the Monkey Island special edition.  Despite this, it didn’t really ruin the experience for me.If you in the mood for a nice, charming, adventure game then I would recommend checking it out.  It may not be perfect, but is still an experience worth having.I give this game a 7.7/10."
,Recommended,232790,15652666,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Felicifi,"To start, I just want to give a brief overview: Part 1 was brilliant, charming, and in my opinion, alone worth playing through for the purchase of this game, albeit not at full price. Part 2 did not deliver in regards to puzzles, and has had mixed reactions to the story (which I'm personally neutral on, I can't bring myself to dislike it, but the ending is by no means satisfying either).I think I speak for the majority of players when it comes to one thing, at least:Part 2 was not fun. It is as simple as that. After over a year of waiting upon completing part 1, I'll damit, the story could have been fleshed out more, but ultimately that is a minor complaint when it comes to repetitive and convoluted puzzle design that gets in the way of the more logical, more straightforward, but simultaneously still-difficult puzzles that really provided a sense of achievement when you completed them instead of giving you a sigh of relief to finally be done - just to move on to that same laborious struggle.That said, I believe this story is meritable if not for its puzzles, then for its artstyle and, in some part, story. This game is gorgeous from start to finish, in an artstyle that truly matches up to the very nature of the game and is pleasing simply to be walking through. That said, that is the only point that gets by without flaws, in my opinion. The music, whilst excellent, I found to be far too repetitive, although this likely comes from the fact that the puzzles in part 2 forced me to associate them with the unpleasant experience, which is really a pity.On to the story. I will avoid any spoilers but I will say that I have seen complaints that the story does not continue with part 1's themes of teenage struggle. This, at least, I disagree with. Part 1 heavily showed through Shay's story the struggle of dealing with overprotective and overbearing parents, and Vella's shows dealing with living and dealing with life outside of parental influence (and to a more minor degree, dealing with parents' beliefs  and their contrast to her view of the world). Part 2, on the other hand, shows the point of view of their respective families, moreso, and allows for a less one-sided view on the issues. I feel like if not for this, the story may have had the opportunity to flesh out more interestingly, but thematically was essential to take players out of their comfort zone when it comes to understanding both sides of an issue that directly affects what I believe to be the majority of players. Some plot points were not fleshed out, but I personally feel that that would have pulled attention away from the themes of teenage struggle we otherwise have.Broken Age, for me, has sated my hunger for adventure games and kept me engaged in a story that remains focused and rooted in its themes. Whilst as a story, it is weak, and for the second half the puzzles are tedious and disappointing, a beautiful artstyle paired with a thematically focused narrative means Broken Age, for me, reamins worth playing.It's no masterpiece, like I hoped that it could be, but it does just enough to make it worth playing through."
76561197978170219,Recommended,232790,15675827,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,LWRabbit,"Broken Age is a beautiful game, and it's first Act is a wonderful introduction to the old-school adventure genre for a new generation. The story is intriguing, and the puzzles intuitive and fun ... in Act 1.Unfortunatley, everything seems to start falling apart in Act 2. Massive plot holes are introduced to the story, and the puzzles become convoluted and frustrating. I can't imagine ever solving the final puzzle without consulting a guide - something I never had to do in Act 1, or for any other part of Act 2. But the puzzles in Act 2 are everything that was wrong with adventure games in the 1990s. Double-fine paid too much attention to the hardcore player's feedback about Act 1's puzzles being easy and ramped up difficulty (i.e. moon logic) enough to kill the enjoyment for all the other players in Act 2.The characters and world are still engaging, but everything else in Act 2 is a massive let down compared to the first Act of the game.I tenatively recommend the game if you can catch it on sale, just because Act 1 is so flawless and enjoyable, but Double-Fine dropped so many balls with Act 2 that it is a tragedy."
76561198062592170,Recommended,232790,15686939,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,stuxmusic,"I kinda loved this game. Given that now, if you come to this game, you might know it's history, you might know the negative reation behind the time and money it took to make it, or, and this bit would be wonderful- You could have no idea at all. The people with an idea, or any involvement in funding the kickstarter, might have a bitterness attached to some proceedings, but they're too blinded to see the truth. The people with no idea? You may well be in for a very awesome treat.One thing people don't get about kickstarter is that you ask for what the minimum amount you need is. If you got 100% funding, would it be able to be the game you want to make, completely? No, but you'd be able to have the story told. You might have to have less staff, it might take longer, the graphics probably wouldn't be as good, the story wouldn't be as long, and you might have to trim the number of locations down.In an ideal world, you'd ask for 3 million, you'd get 3 million, and the game would be exactly what you wanted it to be. However, people see that it got so much more than it was asking for and were thinking 'great, it'll be here sooner, be graphically superior, and with the ability to pay so many staff and so much electricty costs, they'll be done in no time!' Only that's not how it works.3 Years ago we got a glimpse of a game, and now it's complete. you ask any game creators out there, and that is an a-typical story, only we got a glimpse sooner than most of them would give, because that's how they needed to get their funding. I think, if people expanded their thinking on that, there might not have been so much anger towards this game.On the game, however, it is a funny, engaging game, filled with everything I've come to expect from Double Fine and point-n-click games. I recommended it to anyone who fits into that venn diagram!"
,Recommended,232790,15649211,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Nikachu92,"Overall, this is a very fun game.  Interesting characters, clever puzzles, funny dialogue.  Beautiful animation.  It's definitely a game you should get if you enjoy quality games with a good story.My biggest pet peeve is with act two when somehow knowledge "" magically"" transfers between Shay and Vella.  In my opinion, the game shouldn't have scenarious where, for example, Vella does something/learns something, and then you later apply that knowledge with Shay.  I mean, looking at it from the story's perspective, that makes no sense.  I got stuck on some puzzles because I figured I could get the answers from just one side."
,Recommended,232790,21711775,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,aDD33,"I loved Part 1 but never understood what happened to get such a disapointing Part 2 :sHowever, for the art, for the music, for the story, i can only recommend it to you especially if you like point and click games."
,Not Recommended,232790,8919479,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Not the Face!,"Very short. A few hours. Only has first act. May not be worth the purchase, yet. The story is shaping up to be interesting once complete. The cliffhanger of Act I certainly has me chomping at the bit for Act II.Decent voice acting and writing. Has the whimsy, but not the wit of certain old school adventure games such as Monkey Islands. Though the lack of wit is a result of the story and characters being somewhat serious. (at least in comparison to the slapstick antics of Guybrush Threepwood Mighty Pirate) Contains a good bit of dramatic irony as well.The art style may be the best part. It's wonderful to look at. With the fanciful interesting character design we can expect from Doublefine.There are big names lending their voices, but it never felt like anyone but the character's themselves where talking.Due to not being the complete story. I would not recommend this game. Know what you are purchasing so you don't regret the purchase. I'm happy with my purchase but I have a soft spot for adventure games."
76561198064153731,Not Recommended,232790,9985137,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,danesamaria,Don't buy it crashes a lot and gets  corrupted.
76561198052890869,Not Recommended,232790,9654785,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Ozymandias,"Loved the first chapter, but very dissapointed with the surprisingly high price point for the very limited content in the game.I had, for the price, expected something along the lines of scope of the other titles the guys behind Double Fine have produced, sadly they have massively missed expectations with this :("
,Recommended,232790,15595157,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,whitecastle,"A bit short, but brilliant storytelling, and delightful arts&crafts visuals that look more like an illustrated book. Just made me remember why I loved the genre/Schafer's games. The puzzles are in the golden spot for me, not frustratingly hard, nor brainmeltingly easy, they let you nicely roll with the story. All in all, an experience I recommend heartily."
76561197976442104,Recommended,232790,15595214,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,MadMan,Great for kids and adults alike. Enjoyed it thoroughly and many funny moments for all. If you don't like this your creative side needs an♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,232790,15595413,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,thesoundboy,"This is a Forest for the Trees sitch-ee-ashun. you can ♥♥♥♥♥ and moan all you want about how long the game is or how hard the puzzles are or whatever. But it's a great game, and it's a beautiful experience. if that matters to you, then get it."
76561198128936815,Not Recommended,232790,15603597,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,entropy,"Act 2 is out and the game is finished. Finally.The game is still charming, the art is still great and the voice acting is still superb.But it's a frustrating mess.Honestly, I got fed up with it one hour into the second act. The story's slow and predictable progress simply gave me no incentive to trudge through the sheer tedium of solving the puzzles.The puzzles in act 1 weren't great and have been a major point of critique from the start. You'd expect Double Fine to do a better job in act 2.Instead, puzzle solutions are unintuitive to the point of being arcane. And when they are obvious, they are tedious.I gave up when I had to solve a certain knot-related problem. The solution becomes obvious quickly. But so does the realization that it involves mind-numbingly slow backtracking across several screens (ALL recycled from act 1) over and over again until a certain permutation of choices is made.If this is any indication for the remainder of the puzzles, then I'd rather watch a Let's Play. I don't know how the story ends and frankly I don't care anymore.Which is a shame, because it looked so promising.This is not a bad game. But it's still a disappointment and simply not worth its price. I expected more."
76561198067322786,Not Recommended,232790,10761703,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Maegaranthelas,"I was very exited and hopefull for this game, as it had been hyped up immensely, but was unfortunately disappointed. It took me less than four hours to finish this first installment, and it has no replay value. I suggest you hold off on buying this game until act 2 finally comes out, which I hope will redeem the darn thing. I calculated that Freddy Fish had better value for money in terms of time it takes to play through the game. I wish it had been worth it."
,Recommended,232790,13905243,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Zozo,"Gorgeous 2D visuals, and the story is engaging.  The art director gets an A+ from me."
76561198049110453,Recommended,232790,13919903,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,mjsommerville,"A very well done game, with a perfect dificulty curve and cleverly thought out puzzles. The dialauge is very natural sounding, with an all star voice cast to boot. The charachters personalities are hilariously quirky, yet still down to earth enough that they dont seem overly silly. The artwork is masterfully done, perfectly capturing the feel of a picture book while also taking the look to new levels of beutiful. Either story in Act One alone is interesting enough that they could just be sold as seperate games, and the twist ending brings up very interesting questions and answers ones you didnt know you should be asking. It's clear that when the game is finished, the story will sit beside Tim Scaffers earlier work on Grim Fandango as one of the adventure game greats."
76561198080983898,Recommended,232790,13947018,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Corn Bread!,"Really short. It's a great game, and unlike others, I did enjoy the simple UI. I'm not a fan of the complicated UI or puzzles in adventure games. This was refreshing.My only qualm with this game is the duration. If you buy at full price, you may feel ripped off."
,Recommended,232790,13941328,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,SonicStar505,"the artwork is beautiful, and the gameplay is engaging. the story is interesting, but i still dont really understand it :/ cannot wait for the update!"
76561198116649932,Recommended,232790,11073501,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,elizeli,Wierd!  Very wierd.  A great game but I lacks the background detail and thought that went behind most of the Lucasarts or Revolution.
,Recommended,232790,11122216,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Wiz,"Heel erg mooie point & click adventure van Double Fine (Tim Schafer) !   Voorlopig enkel Act 1 (het vervolg komt er aan), dus je blijft met een open einde zitten.  Als je daar niet van houdt kan je beter wachten tot het verhaal volledig is, maar het is dus zeker een aanrader !"
,Not Recommended,232790,30591935,Posted: 18 March,all,Drizzt,"Well, at least the game is honest in it's name: yeah, it's broken.No spoilers:- There are less unique locations in this game than rooms in a flat. And just to be sure that they are even less unique, first you visit half of them with a character and half with the other, and then you visit them again switching the two characters.- Having few locations means that the designers have very few places for you to interact. This translate in ""traverse 10 screens to speak with someone, then traverse back the same 10 screens to get a new quest to get an object to solve the first, then traverse 4 of the same screen as before plus other 2 to find an object..."" and so on and on and on. You spend 99% of the time going back and forth and across the same screens, thousands of time.- The game is ridicolously cheesy, childish and boring.- The riddles are mostly so easy a child could beat them, apart from few that are really hard to solve. And, finally, there are some totally illogic where you have to use totally disjointed information to solve them.Then, the story is amizingly ridicolous and plenty of holes. And for a plot which is less than 100 words long, it's an accomplishment in itself :-DSpoilers:- You meet a guy dressed as a wolf, secretly hiding in a dark part of the ship you have lived on for years. So, an hiding guy dressed like a wolf...and he's the bad wolf of the game. It's so plainly obvious and phoned, that you get surprised that some designer has even thought it would have been a surprise for someone.Not to add that the main character never ever doubt about the entire thing. I mean, you discover a wolf-masked guy who's be hidden in the basement of your house, why shouldn't you think it's strange, uh?- Yeah, the guy has lived for years in the basement of the ship, alone, sleeping on a mattress on the floor. For what? Well, waiting for the hormons of the male protagonist to kick in so that he (the protagonist) could choose by instinct the best chick around. Lol.- The male protagonist spent all his time alone on the ship. All those years. With a couple of AIs. Knowing that he is the last of his species.Then at the end of chapter one...know what? The two AIs are his parents. I mean, they are not AI, they are human beings!!! His father has spent years outside the ship fixing it, and his mother piloting the...nothing, the ships needs no piloting, she spent year sitting. Not only the idiotic children never recognize his parents (the ""AIs"" are actually their real faces), but the parent never ever noticed it :-DAnd so on, and on...and on...I've seriously never ever played a more terrible, annoying, slow, and broken game like this. And I'm not recommending this just because it is from Double Fine, I don't care, the game is ridicoulos anyway,"
,Recommended,232790,24714820,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Meyer⁷,"I like this game, a lot. If you like point-and-click adventures, get it. Like seriously, get it."
,Recommended,232790,10961203,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,HootieMcBoob,This game is absofruitalicious and stays crunchy in milk.
76561198013594452,Recommended,232790,9998470,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Firearm Encyclopedia,"Wow, I just finished Act 1 in Broken Age, and it was awesome! Fascinating story, insane twists, some good humour, interesting puzzles, this is a great point-and-click game! I don't often go for point-and-click, I'm more of a survival horror or realistic FPS gamer, however I'm very glad that I bought this. The artwork, the soundtrack, the voice acting (I swear one of the characters sound like Jack Black!), and the world that is portrayed is very unique. I sadly only got 4 hours out of the playthrough (Yeah, Angry Joe wouldn't approve...), but it was 4 hours of quality. If Act 2 is included in this purchase, I'd definitely say it's worth the price, however if Act 2 is a whole seperate game that costs more than $15, I might think twice.Yeah it's awesome, but I don't think there's much replay value here. I guess it all depends, if you like interesting characters, stories, worlds, twists, all in an artistic point-and-click game that will more than likely have some sequels, yet can overlook a somewhat lack of replayability and a less than 5 hour playthrough, then this is definitely for you. I typically consider myself a strictly FPS/RPG/Survival Horror gamer, yet this caught my attention and I'm glad I played it, so I suggest giving it a look to see if it tickles your fancy. Shooty-bang-s'plody-wow is good fun, but so is sitting down with an easy going story-driven point-and-click as well :)"
76561198372575225,Recommended,232790,33293904,Posted: 5 July,all,kendo_araujo,"This game is a work of art.The graphics are mesmerizing and so is the soundtrack. Not to mention the impressive voice cast. Congratulations to Wil Wheaton who casts the best character in the entire game. The gameplay was pretty straightforward for a point and click game, although it took me some time to solve a few puzzles. The interaction between the two main plots (Shay and Vella) was nicely designed and did not felt forced at all.Recommended for anyone looking for an amazing point and click game!"
,Not Recommended,232790,20468962,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,TheTrollsCreed,they ♥♥♥♥ing ruined it ......
76561198037226408,Not Recommended,232790,21311950,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,pikkusinisiipi,I rage quitted this game because point & click and SLOW story. I felt like I was being treated as a child while playing. Not fun.
76561197982599078,Recommended,232790,13878670,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,meriV.HAXXR|UKCS|,"Broken Age is a well written point and click adventure. The story is great and the ""puzzles"" arent all that difficult, which is good for people like me, who easily gets turned off by playing this type of game."
76561198094553949,Not Recommended,232790,18255653,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,johnny breeco,"Tim Schafer is a fat slob. Act 1 was kinda cool at best and had a big twist ending, but unfortunately they didn't know what the ♥♥♥♥ to do or how to explain any of it in act two, its like the tv show LOST all over again. Really ♥♥♥♥ing poor and rushed. How do you diliver a sub par game with a weak rushed story with millions and millions of dollars in crowd funded money."
76561197980947074,Recommended,232790,15438032,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Spankasaurus,"Amazing game with an amazing story to tell! I was hooked from the first minute. Only complaint is lack of replayability and the length of the game, but that's to be expected from something of this genre. Got a good four hours out of the game. It was like playing through a very unique book and I'm glad I put the time into it. Definitely interested in seeing Act 2."
76561198041390778,Recommended,232790,15332537,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Aviy,I just finished! It's so great! this game is so beautiful. I'm excited for more. POINT AND CLICK ADVENTURE LIIIIIVESSS
,Recommended,232790,9411571,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,CryptoJones,"This game is amazing! Growing up on the Lucas Arts SCUMM games, I jumped at the chance to buy this. It met all my expectations.And now, I am introducing these games to a new generation. My six year-old and my eight year-old have both played through Act 1.I would recommend this game to anyone of any age!"
76561198216418881,Not Recommended,232790,32302080,Posted: 9 June,all,henrrieta,"中文在后面。I will “recommand” this game with a 50%-off discount, thanks for the effort been put on graphic and music. Besides I like Vella, she is such a unique girl.If you’re a veteran of point-n-click game, Broken Age may disappoint you. The gameplay is not fun, plus an ordinary fairytale with an intriguing start( Yes I bought this game after reading their introduction, now I learned my lesson). As a child book, the puzzle is too hard, but as a puzzle game, it’s too simple. The solution is so inlogic. Most of the times in Act 2, I assume I was the developer and how I design this game to find the answer, but normally I end up in try out everything in bag.(Spoiler Alert ! Spoiler Alert ! Spoiler Alert !)Because the gameplay is not that fun, I expect a good story. The Act 1 is attractive, but whole story go break while the “mom” turns out to be a real woman, what!? That makes your imagination and assumption of Act 2 stupid, so disappointed. Now look at what IGN said, “Act 1 of Broken Age is a gorgeous, impeccably written adventure that simultaneously tugs at my nostalgic core, while ushering in a new era for the point-and-click genre.”  No wonder IGN mark this game a 9.5, they only played Act 1.看这款游戏的中文测评比较少，上来写个测评供汉语玩家参考。优点：1. 美术2. 音乐3. 人设4. 第一章情节游戏画风很独特，美术设计上可以感觉制作组下了不少心思，那些毛线编织的小家伙让我印象深刻，更不用说整座飞船都有很多以毛线为原理的科学设备。游戏音乐听起来很舒服，开着放很久也不腻。人设上我喜欢女主人公vella，独特、大胆、聪明，还有些小幽默，为了达成目标很执着，相比之下肖恩就有点逊色了，不过考虑到他的成长环境，这也是很合理的设定，玩游戏时能感觉到这个半大男孩的善良和勇气（虽然有点幼稚啦）。第一章情节停的非常巧妙，跟游戏刚开始的界面时候一样。章末未完的剧情揭开了一个特别大的矛盾冲突，让我对第二章非常非常期待，内心深处设想了各种场面各种大戏。缺点：1. 核心玩法没意思2. 谜题不合理3. 情节急转直下令人失望核心玩法枯燥其实并不是大问题，大部分点击型游戏都容易这样。这时候就必须——必须！有个好故事来为游戏增色，我刚开始看了游戏的介绍，被吸引住了，感觉故事开头特别有意思，于是花钱买下来玩。结果好失望啊，第二章成功摧毁了第一章吸引人的概念，并将故事引到一个老套无聊还不合理的设定上，感觉不像一个人写的，水平差距好大。游戏里面的谜题也不得不吐个槽，没什么逻辑性，通常需要试来试去，在重复的操作中我的耐心消耗没了，画面看起来腻了，音乐听起来也有些刺耳了。读了一下简介里引用的ign评论，感觉打分的人只玩了第一章啊！他要是玩完了就不那么想了。如果很想玩，可以等等打折，不建议全价入。"
,Recommended,232790,16009614,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,weis29,no more trains 4 me ):
,Not Recommended,232790,16408941,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,NIMSEP,Kinda fun and cute but the charm wears off pretty quickly. If you avidly enjoy point and click then go nuts but it's nothing groundbreaking and I found myself knee deep in walkthroughs through stupid things like waiting for a python to strangle me...? Not really worth the money personally but a bit of fun
,Recommended,232790,15740392,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,~♥Lewy♥~,"Yay Double Fine! <3 This game is really amazing and something high quality. I loved every moment of it and the visuals/graphical design is very unique and fresh that its eye candy to me. The story is alright I guess though most of the time you can sort of guess what is going to happen next except for a couple of points in the story. Some of the puzzles are a little more confusing and tend to shift more into the non-logical random puzzle solving like using a..... actually I wont spoil it for you here, good luck though >:3But yeah the game is still fantastic and I would recommend it to anyone who likes point and click action adventure games (and any Double Fine game for that matter)"
,Recommended,232790,15629107,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,PostOldGreek,A great point-n-click adventure game for today's age. Beautiful art style. No complaints here.
76561198094016989,Recommended,232790,15633214,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Stoned Monk 'Fight Me',"Not sure why this is getting so many negative reviews. If you havent played the first act in the game, this game is still really worth playing. The puzzles are great and scale up in difficulty. The artwork and music are gorgeous.Even though act 2 doesnt add more areas to explore, its still a splendid game to play as a whole and well worth the money."
76561198100356619,Recommended,232790,15646549,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Jaydelnorte,"Great game. If you enjoy the old adventure games, note taking and all, you will like this. What is even better than the game is the documentary that can now be seen for free.Beautiful art made with love."
76561198197662334,Recommended,232790,16453482,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Raccoon,"I enjoyed the first play-through (12,5h) of Broken Age (both acts) very very much. Broken Age made me smile and laugh (I want a talking tree as a pet! I won't make him vomit, promise!) and puzzle, and even share the thrill with the characters at some turning points. I love the voice acting (English), and the artstyle is so unique and beautiful! I very much recommend giving this a try."
76561197996176534,Recommended,232790,16084975,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,jdarrow89,"After having played this game through twice, I think I can safely say that it, for the most part, does justice to classic adventure games. Though the puzzles (with some exceptions, but I will get to those in a second) are really very easy, the game itself is extremely enjoyable; this is mostly due to the fully realized characters, the fantastic setting (which does start to dry out with the second part), and great humor and conversation.That said, the second part saw a pretty large detour from the first. It starts off on a relatively weak note, with astonishingly stupid plot twists (such as that of Shay's family) and long lists of tasks that the player has to do. Though a dedicated player will get past this section without pause, it provides very little motivation to keep going. In Vella's case, for instance, your first task (with the zero-gravity re-enabled) involves more timing than it does any intelligence. After this sort of ""introduction"" to Part 2, you are immediately hit with the aforementioned long lists of tasks. At this point, your primary goal in Part 2 is to wander the countryside and click on everything. You are stopped every now and again for a bout of puzzle-solving, but it feels very much like the puzzles are mixed throughout a game of wandering aimlessly. Even the puzzles of Part 2 are of varying quality. There are some that take legitimate thinking and reward you with a great deal of satisfaction, but there are others that involve screwing around with wires on the back of a robot (I am aware that the solution is hidden in the setting, but it was really very obscure). More than that, however, a number of the puzzles require you to get solutions from the other protagonist's story. This is irritating, but only because there is never any indication that this is the case. This can lead to some serious jumps in logic, as seen in many early adventure games.The setting, on the other hand, is absolutely fantastic. I won't say much about the setting, because figuring out more about it is probably the thing Broken Age does best.Is Broken Age worth your time and money? Yes, I would say that it is. Broken Age is a fun, lighthearted adventure game with less tedium than a number of classics; I recommend this to anyone interested in adventure games."
76561198080930020,Recommended,232790,16436437,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,_alice_4,Great story that is compelling with hilarious moments. Good challenge for the most part with a few puzzles/actions that I have no idea how someone is supposed to randomly figure out what to do next. Wish there was more!
,Recommended,232790,15704612,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Daniela,"I'm having mixed feelings about this game. I played Act 1 about a year ago and I waited patiently for Act 2 to come. The ending of first act left me with so many questions, I had a bunch of theories going on in my head and was super excited to see if I got it. Well, turns out I didn't. The story turned out to be a bit more predictable than I would've liked. Remember that ""Indoctrination Theory"" of ME3 that we all rooted for and then it didn't happen? Kinda like that, but on a smaller scale.I recommended this game wholeheartedly after act 1, and made several people buy it just cause my enthusiasm was all over the place. Now I'm a bit disappointed. Don't get me wrong, it IS a good adventure game, the characters are funny pretty much all the time and you'll get your lols and you'll scratch your head at some puzzles. The art is amazing too. And the voice acting. But in the end, most of us adventure games lovers want a good story. Something unpredictable that will make you go ""aaaah!! ohhh!"" not ""oh, mmm okaaay"". And let's not forget the ending, which was abrupt and I kinda wanted a bit more closure instead of dem credits rollin' and me hatin'.I will recommend this game because it's a good one all things considered. It's just not as good as I had imagined. So probably if you don't get your hopes up you'll enjoy it more. But buy it on sale maybe?"
76561198070165202,Recommended,232790,16008567,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Octopus Crime,This game is AWESOME hilariously whimsical and one of the best plot twists of any game ever made.
76561198031594498,Not Recommended,232790,16001179,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,dh50,"Act 1 was an amazing game with great art and a ton of potential, even if it was a little short.Act 2 is a miserable exercise in illogical tedium, and probably the worst adventure game I have ever played.  The wiring puzzles are irritating and tedious, and most of the rest of the puzzles are illogical chores that are primarily solved with trial and error.  Some of the puzzles rely upon a connection between Vella and Shay that never exists - in other words, Vella can only solve a puzzle with knowledge that Shay has, but they have no way of communicating and it's up to the player just to do it for them, despite that Vella never actually has the information to solve it.The writing in Act 2 is bad, and the ending is utter nonsense.  This game is a major disappointment after how great Act 1 was.  I don't care about the money I spent on it; I wish there was a way for them to refund me the time I spent on it, however.  Stay very far away from this travesty."
,Not Recommended,232790,20380619,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,yed_,"There's a huge amount of positive reviews around, that makes me wonder if I didnt play totally different game than the other people.The start of the game was promising. But the longer you play, the weirder it is - a lot of blank unused locations you have to walk through over and over again, a bunch illogical, and time-based puzzles.Later on I gave up, going through just by using a walkthrough guide, which made me think ""how does THIS solution make sense"" several times. Do you remember oldskool adventures with combining every item with every item and similar stuff? If so, you'll definitely enjoy this game. Otherwise it's a big dissapointment."
,Not Recommended,232790,20385333,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,M0r1ym,A game that is light hearted and starts off with such a great introduction. It gives you a feeling that this game is going to open up into something really good. Chapter 1 ends on a cliff hanger and with so much going for it the game falls flat in chapter 2. There were moments of fun and challenge in the game. Ultimately the wonderful art style and voice acting carry a game that forgets how to walk after the first chapter.
76561198035289938,Not Recommended,232790,20181732,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,SoupTown,First half is great second half is opposite of great
76561198153488793,Recommended,232790,34478536,Posted: 25 August,all,JannikaPralin,"Lovely graphics, sweet story and very relaxing!"
,Not Recommended,232790,18523739,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,kiku,"last part is awfull, all this ""wire"" stuff is so frustrating"
,Recommended,232790,34853455,Posted: 9 September,all,kome360,"A simple story that sets two tales into conflict: the childhood dream of courage over fear and believing in yourself when all others accept their fates, versus the consequences of brushing doubt aside while others suffer from your ignorant actions."
76561198017409746,Recommended,232790,15251828,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,troublehorizon,"I was at first attracted by the particular  estetic of  the game, I bought it without knowing anything about it.3-4 hours later, I'm completly seduced, and I'm just waiting for act II.It's beautifull, original and funny with interesting diverse characters.Even with all the good things I think about it, the game is too expensive for a 4hour long point and click."
,Not Recommended,232790,20405250,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,n1ckn4m3,"Great first act, not quite as good second act, terrible ending (imo).Really becomes apparent that they ran out of money.First act is gorgeous and well written, a lot of fun to play.  The art style is amazing and the high quality voiceovers contribute greatly to the game.  The second act starts to fall apart as they reuse nearly all assets and locations from the first act, and resort to simple item swapping puzzles (fetch quests, effectively) across multiple characters and NPCs to stretch the length (seemingly).  The end of the second act, if you can even call it that, is about 5 minutes long and consists of several scenes of exposition and a fairly poorly explained 'ending', where you get little to no actual information about what is going on, just a brief explanation and then credits.The villain provides little to no motivation outside from one sentence as to why he is doing what he is doing, and even then, never explains at all why he has chosen the specific path he took to complete his action.  He exists almost solely as diabolus ex machina for the plot.  His motivation is unclear until the very end, and even then it seems completely weakly written.Save your $ unless this becomes extremely cheap.  There is no real pay-off at the end, you spend a lot of time getting excited about a few things that you never end up seeing and that never get explained, only to get a really short throwaway ending that exists solely to tie up one or two plot threads while leaving many, many others dangling."
76561198143273493,Recommended,232790,18306816,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Greemi,"Such a beautiful game, pretty relaxing as well. Suitable for everyone and is a nice change from the intensity of other games."
76561198078385310,Not Recommended,232790,20436761,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Hipster McLovin,"I don't recommend this game at all and really it's not worth buying this game. Now don't get me wrong Broken Age is a refreshing point and click adventure game from Tim Schafer but what absolutely ruined this game was Act II of the story. Act I on the other hand was very enjoyable, the story was intriguing and I genuinly connected with the characters. The puzzles in Act I varied from simple to difficult but overall fun and exciting to solve which I thoroughly enjoyed. But DEAR GOD TIM SCHAFER, HAVE YOU NO SOUL FOR CREATING THE♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU CALL A STORY IN ACT II! The game was in my eyes a masterpiece until act II started. Just a reminder that act II took 1.5 years to release and in those 1.5 years we got the following:1.) No new characters2.) No new Environments3.) Plot hole filled storyand last but not least:4.) A piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥endingIf you wanted to even call it ending! the game ends with you having more unanswered questions then when you started!My Personal rating for this game 6/10"
,Not Recommended,232790,20465773,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,i82fast,First installment is good (act 1)Second installment (act 2) is bad.Your money is better spent on bad rats
,Not Recommended,232790,20436508,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,yoseriouslee,"The ending is not worth it, and there's always one puzzle that is too hard for its own good. It's not even memorable, other than the art style. Took too long. Get Grim Fandango instead."
,Recommended,232790,26062025,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,rokers123,"Loved it! Great story, characters, art and, also, some good puns :]"
,Recommended,232790,14105471,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,lem0nwings,"I thankfullly got this game while on sale so this will not be a butthurt review of this wonderfully done game. Aside for the fact that the developers failed to live up to their backer's expectations, I find this game hauntingly gorgeus. Even if I did back this up with my own money, and they failed to deliver on time, I'd probably forget I ever funded it and when it finally reached my doorstep I have sweet litte surprise for me.Broken Age was done with taste. That's what I think of it. It might not appeal to 'gamers' in general or even hardcore ones puzzle-wise, length-wise, heck story-wise even; but I regard this game as a piece of art that was created with impeccable taste. The art, the music (original orchestra music? C'mon, gotta give them credit for at least that), inspired voice acting (I mean the cast is splendid), and innocent but captivating story all blend in to make a fun little game. I say little because with a story this simple and slow gameplay, it'd be painful if it lasts 12 or 13 hours.All in all I'll give this an 8.5/10."
,Recommended,232790,14269480,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,TheDContinuum,"This game is unfinished as it is, leaving you with a bit of a cliffhanger, but (I believe), part 2 is included in the price when it is finally released.  It has two seemingly very different characters with their own environment, story and puzzles.  You can switch between them at any point, though I never really saw a need for this and played each one straight through.  Truly imaginative worlds with great art, interesting plot, AWESOME voice acting (Elijah Wood, Wil Wheaton)... I have high hopes for part 2!Update for Part 2: Once again, you play as two separate characters in different worlds, but what you do in one world actually matters, which was a departure from Part 1. You find out key details you need in one world by interacting with the other. The puzzles were much more complicated an finicky for the second part than the first, causing some annoyance.Pros:+Voice acting+Awesome art+Interesting worlds+Good puzzles+Good storyCons:-Second half of the game was MUCH more frustrating puzzle-wise.-First half of the game has little to no crossover between the two characters you play, making the dual storylines seem useless until the second halfOverall:9/10. A great adventure game."
,Recommended,232790,24130187,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Bear,"Broken Age is a beautiful, funny and short point-and-click adventure set in a slightly goofy universe. While the game benefits and suffers from its puzzles (sometimes they're very satisfying, and other times you just don't see it) as any member of its genre does, what it really does right are its characters. You'll care about their plight and watch their joint stories unfold with excitement."
76561197962194737,Recommended,232790,14061265,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,helltoupe,"I've never written a review on steam before, however, this game made me just have to say something. As someone who grew up in the golden age of Tim Schafer games, this game not only showed that the format still holds its own in today's gaming industry, it reminded me why I loved those games in the first.Truly it's a testament to the fact that a well made game, regardless of play style or fancy cutting edge technology, is a joy to play no matter when it was made.Do yourself a favour, play it!"
,Recommended,232790,14063916,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Zenny /)^3^(\,Although unfinished (it is half a game) it is an amazing game. The storylines are good and the graphics are amazing!
76561197998631246,Recommended,232790,14092062,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Reezy,"If you are the type of person that loves games for their story, then this game will be worth the price tag. Some people have given this game negative reviews not because the game is bad, but because the price wasn't right for them. Yes, the game can be completed over a single weekend and yes, the price is steep, but it's been nearly a year now and I still think about the storyline of this game. It has more charm and personality than Deponia (which is saying a lot) and gives an immense amount of feels despite the small package it comes in.At the very least, keep in mind that Part 2 of this game is coming out very soon and will be patched in for free. Maybe you'll want to wait until then to buy it, but if you wait, please keep away from any forums, videos, or comments talking about it. You may get spoiled on one of the game's most incredible moments."
,Not Recommended,232790,12306387,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Lanai,"Good game, great graphics, good voice and sound, puzzles are OK. But most of all the game is too short for the price!"
,Recommended,232790,17179500,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,BrevonUltima349,"You'll either hate it or love it - as such, it's a game about duality and how seemingly unrelated paths through crazy circumstances lead to one point.While I was not a backer for the original Kickstarter campaign (I didn't start backing games on that site until last year), I did follow their journey through the DoubleFine Adventure via epsidoes released every so often on YouTube, and let me tell you - it's a whole other experience watching a game being made, and THEN playing it. In short: it was an intimate experience, and I have much better understanding as a gamer about how the other side of the coin operates.I played Broken Age all the way through in one sitting - due to the anticipation from fans, I felt it was most appropriate to play it that way since serveral people complained about the ""broken"" experience where they whizzed through Act 1, then waited, waited, waited, got impatient, then brute-forced Act 2. If your experience was like that, I'm sorry you feel hatred towards this game, but your particular experience casued your particular reaction. The game, while it may feel unevenly paced, is still an enjoyable game in what many modern gamers consider to be ""A dying genre"". Adventure games are here to stay, as long as people play them, classics, remakes, or modern ones, it makes no difference.The art direction is great, the music is excellent, the animation (while not Disney calibur), fits the artwork appropriately and tolerable. The mechanics are as-expected for a Point-and-Click adventure, along with controller support (if that's your thing). The story is interesting enough to keep you moving ahead, even if some puzzles are frustrating until you look up hints or draw a diagram on a post-it or two (like I did for that Hexpals wiring puzzle) - it only makes you more satisfied once you finish. Depending on your first playthrough, you may or may not want to do it again to snag all of the achievements (for you Perfectionists/Completionists/Achievement Hunters out there).Overall, if you love the magic of Double Fine games, if you love Adventure games, if you like games that try to do something different and pray somebody will appreciate it, play this game. Whether you come to love it or hate it, at least acknowledge the money, the hard work, and most of all, the love that Tim Schafer and friends put into the game.It's worth the experience."
76561198001963290,Not Recommended,232790,11341741,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Rigatoni,"This game has some good elements such as the artwork and soundtrack, but it feels more like an interactive movie to play. The puzzles are extremely easy; it is not really possible to fail at all and there are no bad choices to make, or consequences for bad decisions.It only takes about 4 hours to complete chapter 1, and even when chapter 2 gets finished it cannot justify the retail price at all. There just isn't enough game here."
76561198073161145,Not Recommended,232790,12429049,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Jimuser,Double fine games have about 2 hours of content.
,Recommended,232790,15620148,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Alvyde,"Great dialogue as expected from Tim Schafer. The puzzles are harder in Act 2 for sure, but definitely not unsolvable. And although the second act didn't have as great a plot twist to match the first, I still really really loved it. The characters and locations are great, and the way they are reused was excellent - often Adventure games tend to 'discard' characters once their role is over and their puzzle solved, and seeing Vella and Shay react to everything in their own way was fun to see. Go play this game right now! Preferably both acts in sequence!Would rather have more games like this than Advanced Battlecraft Warfare 24 anytime."
76561198122638444,Recommended,232790,17437044,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Zardu Hasselfrau,"Broken Age is a game that focuses on two protagonists, Shay and Vella. They're very different but it turns out they're important to one another's story. Broken Age is their story and about how the two of them change things.This game is very creative. Not only is it really pretty but the characters are so much fun and the puzzles are unique. It also features some famous voice actors like Elijah Wood and Jack Black. The only major issue is the very end. It felt rushed but it doesn't really ruin the game completely. Yes, it's a bit disappointing but that doesn't really make me feel like I wasted my time. I still enjoyed myself and the game is replayable.If you're a fan of adventure games, then I highly recommend this."
,Recommended,232790,10750073,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,hyr4,Had tons of fun playing this game. The story is incredibly good and I'm looking forward for the next chapter.
76561197968524254,Recommended,232790,15046948,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,GastenX,Great game and great feeling all the way through. A very enjoyable and beautiful adventure. Can't wait for the second part.(Played it on my iPad)
76561197983740606,Recommended,232790,15606021,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Bjoern,"So, there it is.Broken Ageis finally out. I haven't touched it before tonight (bought it sometime last year during a sale) and waited patiently for it to be ready for a full-on, one-session playthrough. The question is: Was it worth the wait?The (spoiler-free) answer to that is: Yes it was, if you have been patient and didn't raise your expectations too high.Now, something to say right away -Broken Ageis not the adventure to end all adventures. It has its strengths and weaknesses. But what makes assessing them hard is that they switch around. In Act 1, the story was very strong and somewhat mysterious while the puzzles were mostly fairly easy. In Act 2, the story lost a lot of its pull (in my opinion) but the puzzles became more complex and challenging, some of them just the right amount to be satisfying, some pushing it a little (or well) into the realm of the frustrating.But I will not blame Double Fine for experimenting with some of the concepts behind puzzles. The fewer developers keep recycling the same concept, content and game over and over, the better, so I can admit I was satisfied with that part of the game even though I eventually had to look up a hint or two.The story left a somewhat bitter aftertaste, though. It's not that it's bad overall - The presentation is brilliant, the setup stellar (particularly Shay's Act 1 was great) and the cast of experienced and skilled (voice) actors add to it, as do the beatiful soundtrack and catching visuals. And the writing also doesn't leave a lot to be desired: It's witty, but not too over-the-top and just the right amount of educational to be played by all ages.It does, however, suffer from what I would call the ""Mass Effect 3"" effect: By the end, it seems like nobody really knew what to do with it, so it was just wrapped up in whatever way they could. It's not as bad as Mass Effect 3 but I found the conclusion unsatisfying and the last few scenes made me wonder where the good writing with its surprises and twists had gone and why I was now watching a B movie.I know that doesn't sound like a hearty recommendation but that doesn't mean you shouldn't pick it up.Broken Ageis still a great adventure; it just isn't without faults, just like the story of its development.Be aware, though, that you are probably only going to get one playthrough of 8-10 hours out of it (maybe another some years later). But during a sale, this is a good pick."
,Recommended,232790,20465759,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Harley,"Broken Age represents the return of the classic “point-and-click” adventure game; it promised to feature the same wit, humor, and odd-ball puzzles that made games like The Secret of Monkey Island and Day of the Tentacle such timeless classics. I grew up during the hey-day of the point-and-click computer games and still have a box filled with floppy discs for games such as Monkey Island, Monkey Island 2 and Day of the Tentacle. My sense of humor was shaped by the comedy that Tim Schafer and Ron Gilbert wrote into their games.Now, after a controversial development, Broken Age arrives in full on the PlayStation Vita making one thing absurdly clear: it makes good on everything it promised. It is an adventure game that is as deep and rich as any I’ve ever played.2015-04-27-043646Broken Age tells the story of two young adults with one thing in common; they’re unhappy with their lot in life. Shay is a young man who has spent his life aboard a spaceship and has had his every need catered to by an overly mothering computer. The only excitement in his day is when he embarks on scripted expeditions to “rescue” creatures in peril. Day after day his life trudges on the same, and day after day he goes through the same charade – wishing each time there was something more.Vella is a young woman who lives in a village of bakers. Every 14 years the village offers up the best maidens in town as an offering to a horrible monster that ravages their land. Despite having such an honor bestowed upon her, Vella wonders why the people of her village cower in fear rather than fight the beast. She has chosen not to be a sacrifice; she has chosen for something better in life.2015-04-21-161855Shay and Vella are both unhappy with where their lives are going, but they also question what is real in the world around them. More than anything, what they really want, is to peer behind the curtain and discover the truth.The story in Broken Age is a deep and philosophical one that ironically doesn’t take itself too seriously. Shay lives on a spaceship where his companions are all knitted out of yarn, while Vella comes from a place where young women compete to be eaten by a monster. It’s the juxtaposition of these conflicting ideas that brings an elevated sense of humor to the story…Wow, that was deep. What I’m trying to say is that despite the underlying story, the surface is full of wild and wacky elements that are not only fun but hilariously funny. Often times this humor is derived from our two naïve heroes entering strange, new situations. Shay is a bit of a bumbling hero, much in the vain of Guybrush Threepwood from Monkey Island, while Vella is a headstrong go-getter with only one thing on her mind. Their dry comments in the oddest of situations would frequently make me laugh out loud, sometimes uncontrollably.And it’s good to have a sense of humor when playing a puzzle game like this. The puzzles presented in Broken Age feel very familiar and fresh at the same time. They’re the same twisted puzzles I grew up with where clues hide in plain sight and the answer is often more absurd than you’d think. Sometimes these puzzles get solved in a matter of minutes while other times you may have to think about them for a few hours.2015-04-23-0805262015-04-21-194850The game is broken up into two acts. Act I introduces us to our two protagonists and allows us to guide them on a new adventure. You can play as either Shay or Vella and switch between them at any time. The puzzles are challenging with a number of “A-ha!” moments, but it goes by rather quickly.Act II starts with you having to deal with the consequences of your earlier actions. Shay and Vella want to peer behind the curtain, but what do they do once they have? The second act is much longer than the first and the puzzles get more intense. In total it took me around 13 hours to complete the entire game.The interface for the game was designed with a PC in mind, and while it does make the transition to a controller fairly well, it still feels a bit awkward at times since you use the thumb sticks to move an on-screen cursor and interact with the environment. A nice feature is that the right stick will automatically snap to “clickable” objects so you don’t have to scan the entire room for something to click. It works decent enough, but it’s still not very precise. However, the PS Vita does have an advantage over the PS4 version – you can use the touchscreen to select items in the game. It works amazingly well and really speeds things up.2015-04-25-083347Visually, the game is absolutely stunning. The 2-D art style retains the feeling of the pixilated adventure games of old but adds a brilliant layer that creates a hand-drawn look to the game. The characters have a bold and unique style to them and the environmental art is all top notch. Everything runs smoothly with the performance never being a problem.Likewise, the voice acting is superb. With notable talents such as Elijah Wood, Jack Black, and Wil Wheaton (whom I didn’t even recognize until the credits rolled), the characters are all given a great sense of depth and humor. And as good as the acting is, the musical score is even better. It’s composition is grand in ambition at times befitting the heroes’ journey, but it can also be tender and intimate. It’s by far one of my favorite game scores to come out in a long time.2015-04-23-074403As great as Broken Age is, it’s not perfect. I often had trouble with the audio late in the game where the characters would speak but audio would be delayed for several seconds (or get drowned out by other noises). It’s a problem that happened in isolated areas but it was persistent. It also appears to be a Vita issue as the same problem would not occur on the PS4. I also had problems with the game crashing occasionally which seemed to go hand-in-hand with the Vita losing a connection to PSN.Any other issues I could point to would be nit-picking. It would be nice if there were more areas to explore, and it would be cool if the world felt a little bigger. Some characters get criminally underused while others get a bit too much screen time. In the end, I found it clever how the story would weave back into itself and reuse a lot of the same locations.Broken Age is a masterpiece. It manages to capture everything that made point-and-click adventure games great in the first place. It is the perfect blend of interesting characters, wacky humor, and head-scratching puzzles that constantly have you wanting more, and represents everything that made these games so wonderful to play.REVIEW OVERVIEWPresentation	5/5Gameplay	5/5Lasting Appeal	4.5/5Execution	5/5SUMMARYBroken Age promised to be a return to the classic point-and-click adventure games from yesteryear and manages to succeed on that promise in every way. It's a game filled with brilliantly absurd puzzles wrapped around a beautiful story that's told with wit and humor. It is both laugh out loud funny and head banging frustration. Broken Age manages to blend all these elements into a wonderfully charming game that should not be missed.4.9/5"
,Not Recommended,232790,13453067,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,tmpest,"Let me start off by saying, this game was fantastic. The sotry is entertaining, the puzzles are enjoyable, its not very hard though. But I have to say the thing that upsets me the msot about this is the fact that you pay for both Acts, and we have been promised Act 2 for almost a year now and there has been nothing. There has been no news, no videos, absolutely nothing. In fact he has released other games in the same time, some how I have a feeling that Act 2 will never be published and that infuriates me. I have lost all faith in the developer and after being funded many times over on Kickstarter ther really is no excuse for why Act 2 could not be relased, its pathetic. Let alone to promise a date when it would be done, and then to juyst say nothing about it and later change the date once again with no information. Its just insulting.I sincerly hope no one buys this game until they decide to finnaly keep their word and deliver Act 2."
76561198203401576,Not Recommended,232790,23245724,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,silverwolfdemon,"This game has great visuals, genuine humor, and stellar voice acting, but puzzles can be unintuitive and dialogue regrettably stitched together.Watching the trailer, you can see and hear the pros I listed. A great cast and imaginative art make this game worth playing.What you can't see from the trailer are the cons I've pointed out.As others have pointed out, the second act of this game has a sharp difficulty spike. A good portion of my play through was simply being stuck in the second act, not actually playing the game. All in all, I had to look at hints 3 times to progress in the second act (not at all in the first). If you don't mind using a guide, this game will likely be great for you. If having to toggle between two characters to get answers to puzzles bothers you (immersion breaking because characters use knowledge they otherwise wouldn't have) then this game is definitely NOT for you.Other than the difficulty in the second act, I wasn't entirely pleased with how the dialogue flowed together. The lines by themselves were not the problem, but following one line of thought and then having to jarringly switch over to another to get a hint or key to a puzzle really bothered me.For me, I liked the game, but I would have preferred to watch someone else play it (stitching together the dialogue best they could) or for this to be a short movie."
,Not Recommended,232790,11445456,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ALL SONS OF OLD GODS...DIE!!,"I can't say anything that hasn't been said before.I'm not gonna call Tim Schafer a liar, since I really respect the man,  but saying you want to go back to your roots and make a point and click adventure game like the one's you used to make, DOES NOT MEAN MAKING A TELL TALE GAMES MODERN CLICK2WIN.I just wanted a challange you know?  I wanted to steal a lens out of a miniture lighthouse in the previous town to use in a puzzle.  Not find the lens on the ground with big ol' sign that says ""I'LL BE IMPORTANT LATER.""It might be your thing if you haven't played any of his old stuff.It's not a bad game, just dissapointing."
76561198042258787,Not Recommended,232790,10992421,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Sematawy,"This game is fun, but for the set price, it's not worth it. The game is really short, and it's a cliff hanger.  It's fun to play, but at this price I can safely say that you should wait till the second part comes out and they bundle them together."
,Recommended,232790,15425340,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Damberz,"Great plot, deep characters and amazing ending (Act 1)."
,Not Recommended,232790,12070462,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Nortrom Bot,"TLDR: Honestly don't get this game until the full release comes out.So to make it clear, from what little I did get to play of this game, I found it charming, the voice acting top notch, visuals aesthetically pleasing.and here's the kicker. If there was a full story to the game with all of the above, this game would be 100% worth the buy. Maybe not at full price, but quite close to being worth it.That being said, it's been over a year since I've bought the game and I've still only received half a game. It's absolutely ridiculous. Very little info from the developers.At this point, not worth the buy"
,Recommended,232790,15635556,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,GRRRR,"Broken Age Act 1 is pretty good. So Act 2 comes out and the first thing on the Steam Game Page is a scathing RPS review, what gives.Imo storywise it is abit weaker if only because theres alot more revealing and alot less mystery and some of the less obvious stuff which couldnt be guessed in Act 1 already left me with a sense that it should have developed abit..slower, maybe with a third Act. It works but feels like ""Bam Bam Bam here are the facts"".This time some of the solutions for puzzles of one character are more or less hidden in the other characters scenario which is somewhat problematic in that a) how would the characters know (a ""link"" is implied but ehhhh) and b) if one is stuck now theres the possibility to wander around aimlessly even more. The last big puzzle of the game resets part of progress upon failure so i had to redo certain actions and walking multiple times to ""try again"". Sensible ingame but not that fun.Most of the Areas of Act 1 get reused but id say thats not too uncommon for an adventure game and the characters encountered in Act 1 get some development.I wouldnt say those flaws reduce the whole thing to a ""Broken Mess"" tho. Good stuff, recommended."
76561198046278159,Recommended,232790,15640393,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Finisterre,"90/100It's not the best story, now that act 2 explained everything, but the rest REALLY makes up for it.Worth every cent."
,Not Recommended,232790,19742304,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Abbahale,"I don't not-recommend this as a hard No. I might very likely recommend it to someone I thought would enjoy it, albeit with reservations.*SPOILERS*Weeellllll, I just finished playing Broken Age. Hmm. First off, it's so beautiful. SO beautiful. I can see why I paid full-price for it after knowing hardly anything and watching the trailer. The game is just as beautiful as the trailer looks, with a whole lot of tiresome monotony thrown in.Broken Age is split into two acts. Act One has fairly simple puzzles which follow the fun story. Vella and Shay, the two main characters, each inhabit their own world with no knowledge of the other (but you know that's gonna change). Playing either character is possible at any time. In Act Two, Vella and Shay switch worlds, and while each world is expanded on and new characters introduced, the puzzles became so tedious and not-obvoius, I found myself walking around the same places over and over.The puzzles were tough in a way that didn't feel very stimulating, or creative, or challenging. Just sort of a shiny cute laborious thing to sludge through, with the help of walkthroughs that I very quickly turned to. I really want to make this sound more positive than I am, but I think the best part of the game for me was finishing, haha. Being done brought a feeling of satisfaction and relief that the game itself mostly hadn't.I did find Vella and Shay both to be interesting characters, largely because they're their own people and don't align so much with gender stereotypes. That said, a lot of other characters are pretty cliche and boring. Like, there are some married parents in Act Two, and the mom's main activity seems to be worrying about her kid, while the dad is gettin' all scientific with the PH balance of a mud puddle and patching holes in a spaceship.I recommend buying Broken Age on sale, taking lots of screenshots, enjoying Elijah Wood's voice (as Shay), turning to walkthroughs as wanted, and maybe having the snacks you like best nearby. Because this game, like any, is a whole lot better with some nice ridged chips and a towel to wipe the grease."
76561198041729992,Not Recommended,232790,8977370,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,scoccer ball,"Haven't you heard about that philosophy on lightness? 10, and 9 are just to big of numbers man, the score needs to be lighter.For that reason I give it a 0.For lightness man"
76561198221661792,Recommended,232790,17407880,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,ccamastro,"Beautiful, clever, whimsical, endearing, challenging, fluid and nostalgic. Play it immediately!"
,Not Recommended,232790,10926188,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Maistorm Ikkoku,3.3 Million Dollars
76561198102070928,Recommended,232790,15602198,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,GamerGoddess7x3,"Honestly this has been an amazing game to play, the graphics are fun, the storyline is interesting and has its comedic moments. I'd recommend this game for those that would like a more interesting plotline to follow and wouldn't mind the fact that you point and click to move around. It was a fun experience for me and i'm sure you'll love it too."
76561198069303104,Recommended,232790,15605615,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Sirrion81,"Classic Tim Schafer point and click adventure, with some amazing backgroud art. With only half played so far, I feel i cant comment on the scope of the game, though it does seem to continue with the same humour of most of Tim Shafer's classic games. The story concept is nice, unlike anything i've played previously yet with a familiar interface that is easy to navigate.It's worth the buy if you love 2D point and click, if you've never played on before, it is also a good starting point, though the price in comarison with some other adventure games may deter the uninitiated"
76561198017327417,Not Recommended,232790,10670337,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Stitchface,"Good artstyle and writing, but it is WAY too easy and VERY short for the price. It's also not complete: you have to pay $10 for the second act, whenever the hell they release it. It's not worth the price even with the steam sale."
76561198047955948,Not Recommended,232790,15632798,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,IncognitoHermit,"Double Fine really dropped the ball on the second half of this game. Most puzzles in the second half of the game are just really tedious and repetitive, The solutions to these puzzles also do not feel nearly as logical as the solutions to puzzles in the first half of the game. I guess you could say it brings the good and bad of classic point-and-click adventure games to a modern one, but even the story and writing I liked quite a bit in the first half felt inconsistent and off-base in the second half.Given how much the second half of the game soured my impressions of the first half of the game, I simply can't reccomend picking it up. I would check out the documentary though. Some fascinating insight there and it's free on youtube."
76561198025210754,Recommended,232790,8943499,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,SonicGX98,"Being the most enjoyable game I've ever played since The Walking Dead, Broken Age Act 1 brings to gamers a story unlike no other. Swapping between the lives of Shay and Vella is a really interesting concept, and the puzzles are challenging enough to get your brain working for a few minutes, or in my case, hours! What really made the game shine though was it's colorful cast of characters, music, and artstyle. Tim Schafer did an outstanding job with the first act of this game, with the ending being the biggest mind-blower since Bioshock Infinite. For fan's of puzzle gmaes and games with great storys, this ones for you.10/10"
,Recommended,232790,9225491,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,gmanIL,"If you're a 90s kids , you gotta pick this one up.If you're not a 90's kids, you gotta pick this one one :)"
,Not Recommended,232790,9128386,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,kejjos,"1. Act 1 so short.2. Puzzles too obvious, stuff you don't need are not clickable.3. End of act 1 too obvious.4. Otherwise a cozy game."
,Not Recommended,232790,9406414,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,xN8,"Worth 5 dollars, not 24.99. Provided 1.5 hours of game time."
76561198041640817,Not Recommended,232790,11057787,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,chewy8383,Good story and artwork but just a simple point and click. Also very slow at times. I would say buy it if its under $5 and you need a few hours to kill.
,Not Recommended,232790,11127251,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,piston989,"Interesting story, although really short. If Part 2 is as long as part 1, it will still be a rather short game. Pretty cool indie game, but the price point is too high."
,Not Recommended,232790,15671556,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Nice Guy,"What an esoteric, vapid mess of a plot.Mr. Schafer, go back and play Lucas Arts games from the early 90's. Relearn story telling and game mechanics. 2/10."
76561198015002659,Recommended,232790,15051916,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Hollandera,One of the greatest adventure games ever made.
,Recommended,232790,15605275,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Jared,LOVE LOVE LOVE
,Recommended,232790,15606813,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,xxpretendxx,"To any negative review relating to ""overpriced"" ""paying for half the game"" ""only 2 hrs"" ""not much of a story"" please disregard!If you purchase this game for $25, or sale price, you will recieve both Act 1 and Act 2! It is not two seperate games, and it is definitely not only 2 hours."
76561198014316011,Recommended,232790,15586747,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Blackbart,Act 2 coming out tomorrow! Are you excited to see how this ends?
,Recommended,232790,11011892,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,The Pink Terror,"At this point, I might as well proclaim my undying love to Tim Schafer. It seems every title I've touched with him behind the director's chair reminds me why I love video games.Apparently 16 years since his last point-and-click adventure game, Grim Fandango, and the man still knows how to work it. I mean it's not like he wasn't doing anything, with Psychonauts and Brutal Legends druid-plowing themselves into my favorite's list, but point-and-clicks are very different from your normal genre. Practically visual novels; if the story or context doesn't hook you, there's nothing to go back for it aside from meager puzzles.Luckly Broken Age hooks you from the start with both, and beautiful artwork to boot. Shay and Vella's story is nothing new, something we've seen or read plently times before, but Tim Schafer's spin leaves it refreshing. For example, Shay's situation is entirely understandable, where he puts a mental barrier between him and the ""Computer"" who is taking care of him. Although never brought up by Shay or the game itself, it's likely only programmed to take care of him - it isn't true love and concern. Yet all it takes is some lovely voice-work provided by the ever awesome Jennifer Hale and a small story toward Shay, and I can't help but feel sad for ""Computer"". Damn you, Shay, just call her ""Mom"" for once.Contrary to what I'm saying above, the game is light-hearted. Vella's story about sacrificing maidens is not as grim as you'd imagine it to be. No blood or gore, just a small glimpse of a body as it's devoured by a giant species of monster called a Mog. Yet that's part of its charm. Combined with its watercolor artwork and peaceful soundtrack, it's as if I'm reading a children's storybook. Then you eventually come across someone whose name is shortened to Ch't.... heh-heh.All and all, I am very looking forward to Act 2. Having started Shay's story first, I thought I had an idea of where his story ended when I was nearing the end of Vella's. The end of Act 1 practically told me ""Nope,"" punched me in the face, and jumped off a cliff. I'd pay again in order for it to come sooner, but like everyone else, I'll have to wait for the free update... whenever that is.C'mon, Tim. Don't do this to me, man. I needs it. I needs it now~"
76561198141081897,Recommended,232790,15330014,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,HardcodeCasualGamer,"Great graphics design and voice acting. The story might be a little too ""cute"" for my taste, but still captivating and very well written. Great humour. As a point-and-click adventure, it is on the easy-medium side. There aren't any complex puzzles and you rarely need to work very hard at figuring out what to do. But it's still a worthwile purchase."
76561198029169954,Recommended,232790,15328394,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Mr. Fishy,"This is a really strong beginning for what seems to be a very intriguing story. Both the protagonists are fleshed out and interesting, and the side characters are all rather unique and entertaining. I can't wait to play episode two and see where this ride takes me."
,Recommended,232790,11043524,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,LucidMomentum,"A simple point and click with a lot of heart.The characters are charming, the voice acting is superb, and while the puzzles may seem simple, I enjoyed them and found them rather clever without being too non-sequiter, like some other point-and-click adventures.A tad short, but this is only part one. Part two will add to the charm and make this game really great. Double Fine is very good at making games that feel like homages to their genre, and Broken Age is no exception. It's an excellent point and click adventure."
,Recommended,232790,11120927,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Opus,Best point and click game in years. Fantastic setting and environments. I failed so hard at that riddle!
,Recommended,232790,10766356,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Dareon,"Let's get the quibbles out of the way first: It's not immediately apparent why Vella needs to do what she does when she gets to Shellmound, and the occasional lack of variety in ""I can't use these things together"" messages is jarring when considering the great variety on other occasions.That said, Broken Age is a fine throwback to the era of the adventure game.  If you grew up on Monkey Island, you'll find much to love here.  If, however, this is your first foray into the genre, I can think of no better introduction.  Control is simple without invoking a dozen or more arcane verbs, puzzles are mostly intuitive, and hand-holding is minimal unless you go out of your way to prolong certain stages of the game.Plus, it has the best Quaker Oats Guy I've ever seen, viewable in my screenshot gallery."
,Recommended,232790,10927869,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Jakku~,"Only act 1 has been released so far, with 2 to follow sometime very soon. I came in with moderate expectations, and came away with an insanely good Double Fine experience. The game is really funny with the quirky humour you've come to expect from Tim, with a lovely art style that remains consistantly cozy and amazing to look at throughout, no matter the route. Both protags are great for their own merits, and add a lot throughout the two wildly different experiences.Only thing I can say is the length might not be up to par for some people, although at the time of this review take in to account that only one of the acts has been released, so the second part could be wildly longer in length. I took my time throughout, talking to everyone and clicking on different combos to hear what everyone had to say, and I finished Act 1 in 4 hours, which seems to be the general consensus on how long it'll take a typical person to finish it, so keep that in mind."
,Recommended,232790,10780057,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Digital™,"Point-and-click. Great story, nostalgic♥♥♥♥♥♥right there, amazing characters and art style. definetly one of my fav. games this far."
,Recommended,232790,11145387,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Koala Walla,"Wonderful game, it is more like a hyper-realistic, interactive novel. Fun story and beautiful animations! I loved the voiceovers. It made the game so realistic. Playing with headphones on, I could really get lost in the game. I can't wait for Act II!!! I must know what happens next!"
,Recommended,232790,11185579,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Zael,"Nice adventure game, though I was disappointed that it was still linear. And short. Very short, due to it's episodic nature. The game's also got plenty of shrouded content aimed at adults. (Not quite on the level of Mother 2 though..) Would not recommend paying the full price, what with all the classics out there (Monkey Islands, etc)."
76561198025566273,Recommended,232790,11211341,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,TheSteelFire,"The thing about this game that stood out the most to me was the puzzle solving. It is the only game of the point & click adventure genre that I have ever played in which I was able to solve all of the puzzles without a walkthrough. This is due to the solutions of puzzles being hinted at very well within the game itself. The hints were subtle enough to provide a decent intellectual challenge, but also simple enough to be clear. As such, I found the gameplay very enjoyable."
76561198018844115,Recommended,232790,11422842,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Roadkill Bunny,It was fun to play and easy to use the controls. The only negative thing I have to say is that it was really easy through most of the puzzels and it was not a very long game. It took me 3 hours for me to finish the game. I can't wait until the next installment!
76561198147301925,Recommended,232790,11498318,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,oxbowdream,I enjoyed the role reversal and the great graphics for a point and click game. I am excited for Act 2
,Recommended,232790,11961366,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,أوركيدا,"the most pretty game.. it took me to another world, i found myself laughing alot at some of the characters. the writing is amazing. its the type of game i'd regret not playing! if you are a fan of shooting stuff i wont say this is not for you but; you'll fall in love with the atmosphere, the graphics, the humour, even robots have character which is rare. so beautiful. the ending will leave you speechless like it did to me! my ONLY complain is that i loved it so much that i wanted it to be longer. it took me 5 something hours to finish the game... i wanted more! :( but you should play this, you wont be disappointed and you'll love those 5,6 hours you'll put in the game. buy it! a beautiful story about two young brave kids."
,Recommended,232790,10670987,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,aliendeallstar,"Absolutely amazing! Stunning graphics, mind-blowing story, great dubbing with a very simple gameplay and it also has an amazing soundtrack."
,Recommended,232790,10828668,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Partysan41,"This beautifully crafted little adventure isnt only the result of one of the most succsessfull kickstarter-projects of all time. It is also the logical follow up to beloved older franchises with and by Tim Schafer. It is funny, it is cute, but it´s also dark and full of questions about meaning, freedom and life itself.- a ""must have"" title -"
,Recommended,232790,11423677,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Snoop,"I just finished this and I loved basically everything about the game! From the story to every little art detail, it was absolutely wonderful. I'm really looking forward for the adventures that await me. Hurry up with Act 2. >_<"
76561198056969678,Recommended,232790,10707877,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Luminous,Love the art and the story!
,Recommended,232790,11088307,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Simon,An extremely enjoyable and imaginative game. My only negative was that it was short. It might be worth waiting for Act 2 to come out before playing it.
76561198001441434,Recommended,232790,11744002,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Apraxic,This game...I'm in love. It's just what I have been looking for.
,Recommended,232790,10991708,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Danielle of Arendelle,You need to play this.
,Recommended,232790,11058607,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Carl0ftime,I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE this game and can't wait till act 2 comes out. This is the best 25 dollars I've spent on steam yet.
76561198136972048,Recommended,232790,11880003,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,SolLunaAme,"My husband and I decided to play this game together. We took turns; he controlled Shay and I controlled Vella, and I would have to say that this worked out beautifully. I would recommend other couples try this, or perhaps parents with children (not super young children because it gets a bit scary at times).  You can switch back and forth between the two characters at any time, and when you finish one character’s story it automatically jumps to the other character.We enjoyed the game itself. The artwork and voice acting were amazing. The puzzles were pretty doable for the most part. There was only one time we were both stuck, but there were a few times one of us was stuck and the other was able to jump in with suggestions. This made our experience all the more enjoyable. We also really liked being able to discuss our theories about how the two characters were going to intersect, and the surprise ending of part one made us glad we shared our theories because we were pretty far off the mark and it was nice to share the revelation with other person present.All in all, I would recommend Broken Age as a game for anyone who likes adventure games or point and click games, or for anyone who loves a good story, but I would doubly recommend you play it with another person. It’s definitely a game that is better when shared."
,Recommended,232790,12213883,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,kjaydeck3,"Pretty fantastic point and click adventure game. The art and music are lovely, the voice talent is fantastic.I suggest grabbing it on sale, as it's technically only Act 1 of the game at this point."
76561197967343480,Recommended,232790,10620254,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Korzine,"An excellent experience. I really enjoyed Act 1 of this game. The voice acting and sounds are all very well done, the art style and colors are all wonderful, and the story is interesting enough to keep me moving forward."
,Recommended,232790,11121455,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Askobol,"Broken Age is an Adventure, which is mostly thought for kids, but it makes a lot of fun for older ones too.The Game is build up simple, funny and sometimes kind of tricky.You Play the two charakters, one in a kind of an space ship, the boy shay, the other in a little village, the girl vella.Its very exciting to watch their own world and their own problems, which sometimes have some great supprises for you.Vella, whos always in dangour and mets allong her way many very stupid People. She seems to has a lot more intellect, than the other and thats often difficult to handle for her, while Shay is allone on this Big Space Ship with the KI playing his Father and his mother. He´s always searching for an real Adventure, without having any real knowledge, about what hes really doing.To come to a conclusion I think Broken Age is a very funny and Great Adveture, just for the first part, which is really nice to play and makes a good difference to the games you normally play instead. It´s really worth it"
,Recommended,232790,15642912,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Kane,Grabbin' Gary MVP.
76561198024015951,Recommended,232790,18966520,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,SaganMan,What a delightful and unexpected story! I was captivated the whole way through.
,Not Recommended,232790,21757948,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,silentil,"If you are around 6-8 years old, buy this game.Otherwise, don't insult your intelligence."
,Recommended,232790,11192198,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,チチヤス,"Vella's deep and multi-layered character compellingly contextualizes the rest of the experience, making it truly memorable."
,Recommended,232790,19023740,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,PUDDINFACE,"Like many other people mentioned, this game became harder to follow during the second act. Clues didn't really link together. Moving on just consisted of a lof of trial and error. I finished the game but missed some stuff I think, so I'll be running through it again. Regardless, it was really fun to play. The characters are great, and so are the visuals. I really like Double Fine, I know they put a lot of work into this and it shows. Also Jack Black makes an ""appearance"" as Harmn'y. So that's awesome. Great voiceovers overall. I definitely suggest playing."
,Recommended,232790,19178090,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,.... --- .-.. ---,"I really enjoyed Act 1 for this game. The puzzles weren't too difficult, but not overly simple either. I loved the story line, and how you could play and switch between two characters at a time. It's absolutely beautiful and a very entertaining game; once I started playing I didn't finish until I had completed it.Unfortunately, Act 2 was not the same.When I first saw that Act 2 wasfinallycoming out, I was extremely excited. I had been looking forward to seeing the conclusion after so long, sadly though it was not nearly as good as the first act was in some aspects.The art style was just as good, if not better. A very beautiful game. The story line got incrediably interesting, with some twists I didn't expect. The most important aspect, though, are the puzzles which was the biggest downfall of this act. They were overly ridiculous, things you wouldn't ever even remotely expect and were absolutely absurd in their logic. Without a walkthrough (which I never had to use in the first act) I would not have been able to complete this game. I was shocked at how much different this game was, and I could feel that the developers may have rushed it, or completely concentrated in other areas that weren't the mechanics of the game itself.All in all, I really enjoyed the first half of this game, not so much the second half. I'm giving this a thumbs up solely based on the story line, art style, and Act 1 as far as the game mechanics go. Please read other reviews and get more input before deciding to spend $25 on this game.Act 1 was definitely worth the money, Act 2 was not."
76561197991662935,Not Recommended,232790,13444329,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Storkey,"This game is really original, fascinating and captivating - while it lasts. I ended up paying the price for a full game for maybe 3 - 4 hours of content and a promise additional content would be released within a few months.Almost a full year ahead and nothing new appeared. This also illustrates we (gamers) should be careful when buying unfinished games like these. Next time I would definately hold off buying ""episodic"" games until all content is released."
76561198014068693,Not Recommended,232790,22656216,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,benbolin,"This game is a REALLY mixed bag. A real pity- it starts with a great deal of promise, but the writers just didn't seem to know where to take the story, and the whole game suffers for it.I rate it 5  out of 10.Pros:Beautiful Artwork and AnimationPretty good humorExcellent voiceover work for the most part (Jack Black in particular really nails his part, though it's small)Mostly solid puzzlesAn interesting story premiseCons:A few ridiculously obscure puzzles that require bizarre leaps of logicJarring shifts in tone in the storytellingPlot holes big enough to drive a starship throughGiant TWIST in the story midway through that never gets explained AT ALLUnsatisfying and trite conclusion to the story"
,Recommended,232790,15443910,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,TannerGill,Fantastic point and click with charm and humour.
76561197985926345,Recommended,232790,15598771,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,=L=,"Game is amazing, but... That knot puzzle in Act 2. Please fire a guy who came up with this idea"
,Recommended,232790,15643671,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Wormerine,"I didn't back this game during the kickstarter and I didn't play it until it was fully released. I intentionally kept myself in the dark to not create expectations and not to spoil myself fun of discovering the game on my own.Wow this game looks good. The art style is gorgeous, music is great. It is obvious that a lot of work went into presentation. Animation for each conversation seems to be hand-crafted, so if you have an eye for details you will find many things to enjoy.Sadly the other parts of the game aren't that interesting. Puzzles are occasionally fun but nothing groundbreaking. In the later stages of the game, when it attempts to provide more challenging puzzles BA falls into a trap of being quite abstract. You will do some things, which really don't make sense within the context of the story.Story itself is enjoyable but disjointed and not particularly convincing. Still it was good enough to keep me interested for the duration of the game. There are some intriguing ideas but overall it is a very silly tale.I think it is good game but not a brilliant one. If you are looking for something on the level of the Longest Journey, Siberia or Grim Fandango... well, play those. Broken Age is a weaker kind of p&c - the puzzles stop you from progressing the story, rather than being a way of developing plot and characters.I don't think Broken Age will reopen doors to point&click adventures. It runs into too many problems the old games did and beside presentation it doesn't bring anything new. But if you crave for a new point&click, it is a fun adventure!"
,Recommended,232790,14266224,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,TazerGlen,"The gmae took my breath away. Great art style, awesome story line. Ten out of ten, would play again! :)"
76561198171511518,Recommended,232790,14344230,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,fantasydreamer246,"This game was amazing!!! The voice acting, the scenery, the story! We don't know the full story yet of course, but still. Can't wait for Act 2!!!"
76561198126864521,Recommended,232790,23872474,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SilverAsh200,"I was new to the world of gaming when I bought this and I still am but this game was incredible. It was interesting, funny, moving and had a flawless narrative that left me playing this game way into the night. The characters are to die for and the plot is truly amazing. If you're looking for a game that will shake you, love you and move you straight to your core, this is it.Five stars."
,Recommended,232790,14286021,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Kus,"For those who think that a good point-and-click adventure game is a 90s Lucasfilm game, this one will be very special for you! The story is absolutely wonderfull (great plot twist), the graphics are not graphics but beautifull watercolors and pencil drawings, the humor is Schaefer at his best... just can't wait for Act 2!!!I loved playing this game!"
76561197980539639,Not Recommended,232790,11627691,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Aldrikh,"Very pretty game and the universe is quite original, but the puzzles have no interest and the dialog are plain boring... Also, so far it's repetitive which is weird for a story-based point-and-click game"
76561198049460380,Not Recommended,232790,11666996,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,DemonSlayer,"Personally THis game was Great,I loved the Story,and i love the mechanics and graphis,overall it was great,And then i beat it,but after a while the waiting and waitin for Act 2 to comeout,I lost interest and i've decided that the project is somewhat dead,steam doesent have any announcements for its progress,they tell progress to Backers only.So over all i dont think you should buy it til the second act comes out,because you will probly be waiting fora  bit"
,Not Recommended,232790,15642721,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,henryhe5692wow,"If you would call act 1 a rather beautiful childish point and click adventure then act 2 you could easily call a total diaster. The story is vastly incomplete in my opinion and the puzzle are way too far stretch. There are so many puzzles that I can't imagine anyone would be able to figure out without looking at guides. Too bad, I really liked act 1."
,Recommended,232790,24339533,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Kasser,"OK - Just finished the game and here are my thoughts:What I loved:+ Writing, voice acting and some jokes are clever.+ Variety of weirdly thought out characters such as a talking spoon.+ Plot is clevery written+ Graphics are charming and in 2D.What I didn't like:- There are not much of areas to explore. It felt compact.- While the plot is clevery written, it still does not capture what made classic adventure game stories interesting. There isn't much to get interested in the two main characters (Shay and Vella). We are simply solving their life problems.- Very simplistic point-and-click game. Clicking on an object will automatically trigger whatever the progammer wanted it to be. Sometimes the character would comment on it, sometimes will try to ""activate it"" and sometimes will take it. I'd prefer it if it reused the verb technique, like in Curse of Monkey Island (Look at, Use/Pickup, Talk/Eat).- The puzzles at the end of the game were frustrating and confusing.Verdict: It is a return to classic adventure games alright but I don't see it surpassing my favourite classics (Full Throttle, Monkey Island, Grim Fandango, Sam and Max). However, it is still a recommended game for all those who still want Adventure Games. It is better than whatever Telltale is doing with Game of Thrones, that I can tell ya."
,Recommended,232790,9884610,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Smooth Apple,"Broken Age is a terrific adventure game full of beautiful art, hilarious writing, and great music. The big name actors did great but they seemed to have the least lines out of the entire cast. Also, the first act is painfully easy and quite short clocking in at about three hours. Act 2 can't arrive fast enough, but maybe wait for the full package when it comes out this summer because three hours worth of game that has zero replayability at $25 is still too steep."
76561198032255257,Recommended,232790,11280451,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Stratestician,"A little easy to figure out the puzzles, but fun, has an interesting story, and I love the drawings."
76561198048832543,Recommended,232790,13541036,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,fluttersuicide,"Beautiful point and click adventure from the makers of Psychonauts. The story is riveting, and the voices are perfect. I can't wait for Act 2 after that cliffhanger."
,Recommended,232790,13099660,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Trean,"Its amazing what can be done with a simple little game. Stylized graphics, ""point and click"" adventure, and solid storyline split amongst two distinct main characters. Doesn't take long to finish Act 1, but Act 1 is sure packed full of good stuff and a solid ""what just happened"" moment at the end of Act 1's storyline. Can't wait for Act 2."
,Recommended,232790,13350264,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,xSpeedShot,Game is fun. I can acutally play and eat at the same time :D
,Recommended,232790,15648133,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,HarryMcGueeze,Brilliant. Gorgeous art and a beautiful story.
,Not Recommended,232790,18480936,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Halberstram,Played an hour and a half. It's boring. Am I supposed to care about this story? I know where it goes. Glad I got it for $6 back in December.
,Not Recommended,232790,18493149,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Issa Knife,"Just pass on this. Seriously, it isn't worth the time.If you were excited like I was that Tim Schafer would be making a game the same calibur as Grim Fandango, this is not it. Instead, go buyDeponia: The Complete Journeyand enjoy the game that Broken Age should have been.Here's the long version:Tim Schafer wrote and directed Grim Fandango, which I believe is the best point and click adventure game of all time. I say that with confidence as I've played a huge amount of adventure games (ags anyone?). Schafer, as it turns out, is a horrible project lead. Broken Age was kickstarted for over 3 million dollars which gave players Act 1. Act 1 took me about  2 hours to complete, and was fine. Just fine, it was not a game that should have taken 3 million dollars to complete and other studios have done more with much, much less. After the game released, Double Fine announced they had enough money to complete the project and deliver the abysmal Act 2.But not everybody really cares about the politics of the game, so here's some extra stuff for the passionate adventure gamer:The ""good"":Might as well start here as there is so little.Act 1 was okay. The puzzles were fair and made sense, and it did create this idea of some dark story beneath the kid friendly veil. Had Double Fine continued immediately from this point and used their 3 mil to make the entire game, I think it would have been fantastic.The bad:While the puzzles in act 1 were fair and made sense, they were very easy. It just didn't take a lot to get through it, leading to the very short 2 hour runtime. Act 1 soaked up all 3 million dollars and was only 2 hours long.As previously mentioned, Act 1's story was pretty good and gave the sense that there was something much darker in the story than we got from the frilly and colorful aesthetics. For example, at the end Vella's arc:The sacrifices are eaten by Mog Chothra and we are pretty much led to believe that they're dead. This is proved wrong in act 2, where we find that they're a-ok inside a prison cell in Mog Chothra, which is also a spaceship for some reason.The worst part about the game is act 2. Following the story from act 1, act 2 feels like it was written long after act 1 ended and they never really knew where they were going with the story. In fact, I found this on wikipedia: ""In October 2014, producer Greg Rice announced that Schafer had finished writing Act 2 and the game's finale."". But the game released on January 28 of the same year. So after 3 million dollars, and a moderately successful release, Tim Schafer didn't even know how the game would end. And that should tell you all you need to know about how funky act 2 feels.I won't even bring up the awful wire puzzle later in the game. Others have, and everybody hates it.So there you have it, it took 3 million dollars to make a mediocre, 2 hour adventure game with a cliffhanger, and the sales from that (probably not 3 million btw) paid for an awful act 2.Just... just go play Deponia."
76561197970712841,Recommended,232790,13487683,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Zortakka,"Act1 shows extreme potentialI am a hardcore fan of Monkey Island and other old Adventure games. So I was very curious about this game . And what can I say? I liked Act 1 very much. There are three big flaws for me that might be solved with the future Part 2. Then it might turn into a perfect adventure game experience.Here is my experience so farPLUSPOINTS+++ Story (it´s been month since I played it and I am still talking about some storyelements)+++ Soundtrack (a pure joy ) and Foley+++ Character Animation (very well done)++ Hand drawn Graphics++ Voice Acting+ Dialog  (I would like to have more dialog options)MINUS- *  Playtime so far (Act 1 took less than 4 hours to solve.  )*--*  Simple Puzzles  (I want way more Items, Characters, Locations, ... )**those  might be solved in the next act.--- dumbed down UI (I am still horribly missing the oldstile actions such as look/push/pull/take/Use. I don´t like it when the game is thinking for me and always choosing the right thing to do.)[/b]7.5 out of 10 so far[/b]"
,Recommended,232790,13457387,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Alice Kingsleigh,"Beautiful game - the graphics and music are great and the story is really interesting. Thematically it has a lot to say and the story develops slowly, gradually building, until it suddenly clicks and the mysteries make sense. It's a great aha! moment.However, I don't think the game is long enough to justify it's full asking price (particularly as they're late with adding the next act). I brought this in the sale, so I don't feel like this is too much of an issue for me, but I would expect more if I'd had to spend more."
76561198030754483,Recommended,232790,13425150,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Erin,"This was a really good game: cute feel, great art and voice acting, and keeps you wondering how it all fits together. But I beat it in about 5 hours (counting time in which I got stuck for an hour on something) and it's priced at $28! So I guess Double-fine thinks that the experience is worth $6/hour? Call me old-fashioned, but I expect that I game that's priced in the $30 range is long enough to act as a stand-alone piece. For only five hours of gameplay I would have expected this to be $10 or less. I feel cheated."
,Recommended,232790,9642686,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Raffe,"Beautiful, witty and clever storytelling, point & click adventure. I absolutely adore this. So far it is Act 1 of 2, but the game will update when they release the second act. From the makers of Psyconauts and Tim Schafer of Grim Fandango fame. Bona Fides."
76561198012007606,Not Recommended,232790,13266520,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Chicken Chaser,"I would recommend this game... if the rest of it ever came out. The part you actually get is great, but not worth paying for. Only takes a matter of hours to beat, possibly just one hour if you are fast. I keep checking to see if the next episode has come out but it's getting close to a year now and still nothing. Glad I didn't pay full price and if they try and charge for the next episode I'm definitely not getting it. Good game but not worth it."
,Recommended,232790,17545996,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,OfFeathers,:D
,Recommended,232790,19414420,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,d2718nis,Nice.
,Not Recommended,232790,13313047,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,oh!mg,A delightfully half finished game that presents no real challenge.
,Recommended,232790,19488880,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Cookiedav,"Very east on the eyes game, but does make you think.Very good on teaching you to learn from your mistakes without consequence."
,Not Recommended,232790,13868637,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,happymellon,"This is just simply too short for the price, and none of the puzzles really made me think. It really makes me sad.Update: Now that part 2 is out I thought I would just add a little more to this.It makes me very sad.I love Tim's work, and this is probably the only thing I can think of that spoils his record. Skip it, and either if you haven't already go for the classics such as Monkey Island 2, DOTT, Grim Fandango. If you already have then try Deponia if you haven't already, I personally enjoyed it a lot more than this."
76561198029346951,Recommended,232790,32175524,Posted: 4 June,all,chrome.py.r,Artistic masterpiece.
76561198011418778,Recommended,232790,15644570,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Kaloeffel,"The teleporters told me to leave a 5 star review and I have no objection to that.Honestly, I see what's not to like about the game. I mean, if you wonder weather it is worth buying or not and you like point&click games the answer is yes. For a decent price you will get a full game containing a weird world with lovely visuals, nice music, witty dialogs, amusing characters, a bunch of puzzles of varying difficulty and a talking tree who is sick of its parents asking it when it will have fruits. And if you find a puzzle too difficult you can always look into the steam community where you can find solutions to everything."
76561197998354854,Recommended,232790,15968593,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,PlaywithStephen,"It's got a fun story and great charm. Puzzles can get challenging without getting too frustrating. There's also been loads of attention to detail from the score to the dialogue. If you like point and click adventures, this is one of the best to recently come out."
76561198129977282,Not Recommended,232790,14198348,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,londonz,"A great game, if you're five years old.  Any older and you may find this extremely kid-ish."
,Recommended,232790,18314244,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,skull,"I've been following Tim Schafer since the first time I played Psychonauts, and I am always interested in his stuff.  So I picked this game up as soon as I heard it existed.When I played the first chapter of Broken Age, it seemed like it was setting up a lot of thematic elements and mysteries for the second part.  We've got two young people on the cusp of adulthood, questioning the way things have always been, being lied to their whole lives...  There are many different forces and people influencing the way they see the world, and they're finally breaking away and beginning to question those things.In an attempt to avoid spoiling much...  The second act kind of drops the ball on all those ideas.  It takes the thematic elements and makes them literal, and introduces concepts out of nowhere to explain preexisting plots and wrap up the story.  The puzzles also seemed less cohesive in this act.Like, I'd recommend it -- but it wasn't a religious video gaming experience or anything.SPOILERS FOLLOWMy biggest beef with this game is that there are all these unfortunate, sexist subtextual narratives that stem from a minigame in the first act: Shay has some kind of outrageous intuitive ""mateworthy"" radar that makes him, I don't know, uniquely capable of selecting the most appropriate women for procreating???  And then Malik or Malichi or whatever his name is in the second act is straight up implying that all the women sacrificed in the feast aren't MERELY BEING CAPTURED/DEVOURED, no, they are being used to provide genetic material to the super human race -- and then either exhausting their bodies to the point of death, or literally just being killed in the process of extracting the aforementioned genetic material.I cannot believe the epilogue implied everyone was supposed to have made peace after the end of the game.  Like, how else was anyone meant to interpret that?"
,Recommended,232790,24126704,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,kodo,it's super good and i love every character in this game
,Recommended,232790,23783227,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,toshex,"I will be probably editing this (ongoing) review once I finish this game, but as I am playing this game I have to talk about it because it is SO AWESOME!I can't tell you about whether the ending will be good or not, but so far it's such a treat! I can't recommend it enough.If you like Deponia or the likes, then this is a game for you. Though it's a bit more serious than Deponia it has some very hardcore humor subtly integrated into an otherwise innocent looking game.And when I say innocent looking, this game also has some vast darkness to it. I am so mind-blown by the sheer thinking that must have gone into creating it - or it is otherwise a perfect coincidence that this game is such an unparalleled mixture of LIGHT and/vs DARK."
,Not Recommended,232790,11107564,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,ntsrvr,It would have been nice to know this was only Act 1 when I bought it during the Steam Sale.
76561197980542490,Not Recommended,232790,15663053,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Carrier_Junkie,"Short Answer:  This game isn't so much ""bad"" as it is disappointing.  Starts amazingly strong in Act 1, but clearly something went wrong during Act 2's development.  Only buy this game if it's on sale for a maximum of $10.  I'd wait for $7 or $8.Long Answer:  Act 1 was great, amazing even.  The art is wonderful, the story is compelling, the voice acting is great, and the puzzles are interesting.  The game allows you to switch between the apparently-unrelated stories of protagonists Vella and Shay and both have their own mysteries to explore, and puzzles to solve.  The puzzles in Act 1 are great too!  The majority of the puzzles aren't too difficult to solve without help, or too easy to be interesting.  There are a few that aren't as great, but most are pretty good.  The story leaves you feeling like you've completed something, while also leaving you with a cliff-hanger that will bring you back for Act 2Act 2 fails in most of these respects miserably.  The art and voice acting are still up to par, but the rest was disappointing.  The puzzles are mostly impossible-to-guess non sequiturs, which can't even be solved by clicking on everything with everything else like you did in the old adventure game days.  In fact, quite a lot of the puzzles can only be solved by telepathy.  By which I mean Shay and Vella must have a telepathic link because information only available in Vella's story is needed to progress through Shay's, and vice versa.  The rest of the puzzles can only be solved by internet walkthroughs because the logic is so insane.  The story makes about as much sense as the puzzles, and is never really finished by the end of the game.  Act 2 is so out of sync with Act 1 that I can only guess it was either made by totally different people, or something horrible happened during its development.I'd still buy this game just because Act 1 is so strong.  But I'd recommend only getting it at a really deep discount."
,Recommended,232790,14042058,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,miinar,What a fantastic game! Just play it! I loved it and the plot twist is unbelievable.
76561197984854716,Not Recommended,232790,12168875,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,thebeasle,"I bought this game because it looked interesting and had a lot of postivie hype around it. Honestly, the game is terrible.The art style is beautiful, but the ""gameplay"" is terrible and the story is meh. It didn't even hold my attention enough to finish the game, which apparently is really short. And as others have noted, this could be more accurately called an interactive movie than a video game. Broken Age is definitely not worth $25. And I don't think it's worth your time even if it were free."
,Not Recommended,232790,10953843,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,AiliaBlue,Very disappointing. It's like a movie I have to babysit. Not worth it.
,Not Recommended,232790,15679937,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,LiteSouris,The first act was good the story was good and puzzles were pointless but I could put up wit them. The second act the story has plot holes and the puzzles are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and ♥♥♥♥ing hard.
76561198120524953,Recommended,232790,15705956,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,jessborrell,"I very much enjoyed playing this game and found the puzzles to be much more challenging in Act 2. Very impressive, obviously made with great care and love!"
76561198067469524,Recommended,232790,21437144,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,dreadedTabby,"I LOVE THIS GAME!I loved it for the ps3 and they did it justice for the pc.Never ran into any issues.It is beautiful, full of little puzzles and a entertaining storyline.PLAY THE GAME."
76561198087967688,Recommended,232790,21452361,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,docaia,"Really nice and addictive throughout the game play, touches your emotions and makes you think, I hope they will really make a part 2 of it"
,Recommended,232790,21488828,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,gullevek,"Yes, I liked it. Thought it is far from the glorious days of LucasArts adventures, it has its moments. Puzzles are good, not too far fetched, and therefore solvable. Voice acting is pretty good, art is stunning and the story is pretty well too.My only issue was with the Episode format, because Episode two took its sweet time I utterly forgot what happened in Epsiode one and so had some issues of getting it on in Episode two.Anyway, if you like adventure games, I recommend this."
76561198142752533,Recommended,232790,21451339,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Mitsuki777,"This is a wonderful, whimsical game with a great sorry line! Definitely with the purchase! 9.5 out of 10"
,Recommended,232790,21514385,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,swgoth,"Buy this game!  Why?  Read on my new acquaintance…and no spoilers below.Broken Age tells a story that is full of humor that explores the challenges of growing through adolescence and being stuck in certain roles.  It explores scenarios that players of various backgrounds can relate to, sympathize with and learn from.And did I mention it was funny?  Oh yeah, I did.  Well, I thought that it was so important that I should mention it twice. Not only did the dialogue have me chuckling but plenty of scenarios are outright funny.It was easy to kick back, put my feet up and get immersed into the game.  The hand-drawn art is gorgeous and charming.  And when you move the character around in one of the more static backgrounds it feels like you are walking through a painting.  There are plenty of character comments, animations and other little details that make the world feel real and alive.  The music and sound effects are great, fit well and help to make the game feel unique.The puzzles are well-balanced.  Many times dialogue is provided that helped direct me towards the next step leading to less frustration and more moments of self satisfaction.  This leads to lots of moments where I thought ""yay, I'm smart"".  And who doesn't want to feel smart?In summary, get off your butt and buy this game…well…you’ll probably still be sitting while buying/playing this game so…don’t get up and buy this game!"
76561198013294130,Recommended,232790,20506753,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Fifth,Brilliant story and excellent audiovisual design :) Brings back good memories from older Lucasarts games.
,Recommended,232790,8954045,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,gecimen,"If you wonder what this game is actually like, it's mostly like Grim Fandango but it's a bit less mature in context. It has also a bit Deponia in it.Lemme try to give it a score.The art is purely amazing. 5/5The music is satisfying. 4/5Sounds are meh but voiceovers are very good. 4/5Puzzles are ok but nothing too clever. 3/5Story, this is a subjective matter but it's very well handled and I'm loving it. 5/5Overall entertainment factor is pretty good. 4/5Don't mind anyone saying it's TOO short. It isn't, without a walkthrough."
,Not Recommended,232790,12441257,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,๖ۣۜRuby Sunrise,"I had a blast playing this. I honestly did; the story, graphics, and just overall quality are awesome.However, still waiting for that Act II.Along with that, this isn't particularly a challenging 'Point and Click', or satisfying in that aspect. I found more satisfaction in seeing the story and dialogue than I did actually playing the game. If you dig narrative, you're gonna love this. If you fancy  game mechanics, puzzles, and just figuring things out . . . meh. It's very simple, so you'll be dissapointed in that aspect. Because it's a game, you get to access more witty dialogue than you would in a show/comic because since it's a game, you can explore and that kinda thing, but other than that i'm not sure I can see the point in it actually being a game.tl;dr: Broken Age is more of a story-driven game with meh point-and-click mechanics (basically, weak as a 'game'). Great quality, but unfinished. If you haven't bought it yet, wait until a sale or until Act II finally comes out.I'll probably change this a bit when Act II comes out."
,Recommended,232790,15795563,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,TheManko,"Broken Age has several big problems, most to do with fundamental design decisions, and some with surprising sloppiness in writing. But despite that there’s a lot of charm to the presentation, and a great level of polish to the game.I didn’t play this game until Act 2 was out, so I played both back to back. The first act is very simple. There’s not much to it, which makes it focused and clear. But it feels a bit flat because of it. I kept expecting to be able to talk more in depth with characters about what was going on. But after a while I decided to just roll with it.Act 2 on the other hand is complicated to the point of being convoluted. The game tosses so many new concepts at you that most end up feeling underdeveloped. There isn’t nearly enough dialog given the amount of stuff going on. Several times you’re given information that changes everything you thought about the world, and then you immediately go off to solve puzzles instead of talking about it with someone. So much of the dialog revolves around practical matters to advance the plot to the next stage, without having any character to it. This made the character arcs so vague that I’m not convinced there even were any. I’ve watched the documentary series made during the production of the game, and they were well aware of character arcs being important. But in the final game I’m just not seeing it. When the credits rolled I thought back at where the story started, and at the end it just hadn’t gone anywhere.I’ve seen varied reactions on the puzzles in Act 2. I thought they were horrible, to the point where  I began to question the entire premise of “hard” puzzles in adventure games. I don’t think they have a place in Broken Age. They didn’t fit thematically, and they didn’t even make logical sense. Like there are several puzzles about wiring robots where the direction of the cable produces different results. I had to shout down parts of my brain in order for this to make sense. At that point in the story there’s a sense of urgency. But those 30 minutes spent wiring robots deflated all the tension from the scene. Too many of the puzzles are like that in Act 2. There are a few exceptions to this, like one involving a camera helmet. That puzzle did everything right, because in the process of solving the puzzle you learn about how the world works just through looking and experimenting on your own. Gameplay and story exposition in perfect harmony. But toward the end the puzzles became like a sadistic joke. Several of them are randomized, so you can’t even bypass them using walkthroughs. Clearly a lot of effort went into designing these things, and I just have to question why anyone would subject human beings to this? In Act 1 I got the impression story got precedent over the “game” parts of the game. In Act 2 it pushes the game aspects harder, and it almost makes both story and game fall apart.But even with all that said, I still recommend Broken Age. I had a reasonably nice time with it, even in Act 2. The art is great, the voice acting is as good as it gets, the music is excellent. It's full of fun creative characters and ideas. There's almost nothing else like this. I don't mean point-and-click adventures, as there's plenty of those. I mean stylistically. And despite the disappointing last half, the sheer originality of the style made this feel worthwhile. I wish it'd been better executed, but I'm happy it exists, even in this form."
,Recommended,232790,15699200,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Mazebook,Really great!
,Recommended,232790,9143568,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Shortjack,This game is an AMAZING point and click adventure. If you're into that kinda thing...
,Recommended,232790,8971280,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,The Holy Ghost,"If you are ready to dive into an adventure with amazing sights to see and a great story to follow, I suggest you buy this game. Even the music is pretty great !"
,Recommended,232790,9161014,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,THE SOVIET BEAR!,"Once again Double Fine has created another brillant game which will make you laugh or die trying, although it is only the first 'half' of the game at the moment, a the second half will come free soon. If you are a fan of point and click adventure games, Double Fine or simply humor itslef, get this game... NOW!!!"
76561198124408341,Recommended,232790,9370356,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,legendx,"First I was a bit sceptical about Broken Age beeing as good or great as the old Lucas Arts Adventuregames like Monkey Island, Day of the Tentacle and so on, but man was I wrong!!! I only played a few minutes so far (as the boy and the girl), but that's more then enough too realize that this is a true gem which plays in the same league as MI and DoT! I thought I outgrew adventure games over the years, like they were something I enjoyed as a kid/teenager but just couldn't enjoy anymore. Someone before me wrote something like ""This game reminds me why I loved games like MI or DoT in the first place"" - AMEN to that!!!!"
,Recommended,232790,9394866,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Solantra10,"This game is beautiful and very fun to play. The writing and voice acting was fantastic, each of the characters unique and interesting. Act 1 was awesome, and I am very much looking forward to Act 2!-Thus far Act 2 has been a bit disorganized compared to the first half, but I've still found it interesting."
,Recommended,232790,9719482,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,FluxXerzZ,"MY NEW FAVORITE GAME!!PUZZLES: Super silly, super clever, super unique and super fun! I got stuck a few times, but only needed to consult the walkthrough twice. I'd say they were medium - medium hard difculty.PROS: Being able to switch between the two charectors was AWESOME for when you get stuck or just want to switch between EARTH & SPACE situations! Awesome storyline, great voice acting, beautiful scenery, interesting puzzles (definately not puzzles you've solved before!) soundtrack was killer and it left me wanting more!! MORE PLEASE!!CONS: It felt a bit short (4hrs to complete) and not everything was explained, but I expect all will be revealed in the next game so I guess it's alright. For the money, however, I wish it would've been longer. :/I HIGHLY recommend this game if you get excited by the words:Silly, strange, random, beautiful, point, click, story, adventure, righteous, vengence, heartfelt, fun and puzzling.GAME ON FRIENDS!!xX Mia FluxXx aka FluxXerzZ"
,Recommended,232790,10028565,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,I did not kill kenny,Its a awesome game. Worth playing but beware. It has part 2(not created yet). really fun game
,Recommended,232790,8927305,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,aimforsilence,"Absolutly fantastic. I've been waiting years for Tim Schafer to make a new Point & Click adventure and he diddn't disapoint. If you loved the old LucasArts P&C games of the past, you'l absolutly love this game! 10/10!!"
,Recommended,232790,9060457,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,LucasTenToes,It hasamazing graphics and is very fun to play! See my Let's Play atYouTube.com/ThrtLvlJuke
76561198123057216,Recommended,232790,9152925,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,RagedSlayer,"Aesthetically brilliant, with a charming story told through witty and defined characters.Its puzzles and point-and-click adventure mechanics may seem a tad simplistic to veterans of the genre, but it will help ease newcomers into the game, and prepare them for some  (hopefully) more refined and challenging gameplay in the impending second part, which will be released as a free update later this year.All in all, well worth your money."
,Recommended,232790,9416398,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Bronsonrock,"Reminds me of the point-and-click adventure games of years ago (and that's a good thing!)...  The art is incredible, the music fantastic, and the game is a lot of fun."
76561198110481785,Recommended,232790,9836545,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,ben10_alexdawson,Its a great game cant wait for act 2
76561197972158225,Recommended,232790,9742713,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Maarten,"If you have never played a Double Fine/Tim Schafer-game before, this one is a great place to start. It's an audiovisual feast with chuckleworthy jokes, characters and dialogue and while the puzzles are never too challenging, the pace of the game hits  a sweet spot between being thrilling and unwinding many adventure games strive for."
,Recommended,232790,10440013,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,gigert9,"It is difficult to review a game that is only half-finished, but since there is currently no set date for Act II to be released, I suppose there's no harm in at least trying. Lets start with the cons, in order to get them out of the way, shall we? Possibly the most obvious, is the lack of an ending. While I understand the financial issues this title ended up facing, and I can appreciate how the developers decided to solve it, I'm still left feeling a little let down after realizing I would have to wait an undetermined amount of time before seeing a conclusion to this story.Indeed the story is wonderful, very well told and beautifully written, it simply lacks an ending. Act I is long enough to provide an enjoyable gaming experience, though at times the puzzles can be a bit simplistic. The action is primarily point and click, and puzzles revolve around finding objects to use with others in order to progress the characters. The characters themselves are wonderfully constructed an developed, as is their environment. The humor is witty at times, and a bit dry at others, but the writing holds up in general.I've heard many comparisons of this game to Monkey Island, however I wouldn't go so far as to agree with them (at least not until this one is finished). That being said, this title is still wonderfully constructed, and I do recommend it to those who are fans of puzzle games with linear stories and emotional rides. Especially if said fans are just slightly more interested in the story side than the puzzle side.The artwork is as equally impressive as the character development, and makes the game fun to simply look at. The soundtrack is fully orchestral and fits the game very well, helping to augment all the appropriate cutscenes. Character dialogue is provided by an array of very talented voice actors, each offering their stylistic abilities to their characters. This, in turn, creates a wonderful cast of characters for the player to interact with.All in all, this is a great game...so far. I really hope to hear about the release of the second act soon, but that is unfortunately not something I can recommend paying $25 for. Still, I suggest picking up this title as a daily deal or something. Certainly wouldn't promote the idea of paying more than $10. At least at this stage of development. Perhaps once the second half of the game is released, and it is given a proper ending, it will warrant the higher price tag. As is, however, it falls a bit short of that mark.Four Stars."
76561197991059951,Recommended,232790,9194666,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Flymje,"A bit on the short side, approximately 4 hours of gameplay, and the puzzles are far from Monkey Island standard, when it comes to difficulty. With that said, the tone of the game is brilliant. The design is beautiful, and the whole game is as charismatic as you would expect from Tim Schaffer. I have high hopes for part 2, and though this first part of the game is quite easy and only gives you a few hours of gameplay, I strongly recommend it."
,Recommended,232790,9323182,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Tallara,"This is really a great adventure game. In terms of an audio/visual experience alone it is stunning, with its beautiful hand-painted characters and environments as well as great voice acting and music. The story is exceptional and has a great plot twist that I personally did not see coming. Reccomended for all fans of the adventure game genre"
,Recommended,232790,9536089,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Fr3nzy,Just awesome adventure with good story and beautiful animations and art.
76561198039419419,Recommended,232790,9002275,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,bg26tampa,great point and click game
,Recommended,232790,9058711,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Logiak,"""I love the story, its fantastic and I can't wait for part two. I loved the art style. Although weird and funky, it showed the world perfectly.""I've played through the first part on both sides, I will note I played through shay and then vella. Holy crap was I blown away. I don't want to give spoilers to someone who hasn't played or seen the game fully though so i need to keep this short.I love the story, its fantastic and I can't wait for part two. I loved the art style. Although weird and funky, it showed the world perfectly. I loved the characters and the way they are connected to other characters like family is well done. The voice acting is amazing, I see where all the kickstarter money went.I do have some negatives i will say just to warn people though. The game is very simple. Its an old school point and click, meaning no choices in the story, the puzzles are very simple and very bad adventure game logic in some parts. I didn't need to look it up but i heard some people did because the answer to the puzzle was weird and didn't make sense. The biggest problem that this game has is that the games biggest feature is the story. This means people will probably look up lets plays and walkthroughs. This is because the game has no gameplay mechanics important enough to catch peoples eyes and want to play themselves to feel the mechanics.However Double fine have impressed me with this game, and if your thinking of buying it. Definitely consider it because this game is amazing in its story. However if you can't afford it or buy it off steam, you could allways look up a lets play, You won't miss much. Just consider buying it to aid the developers and get them to make more games as weird and as story driven as this one.9/10"
,Recommended,232790,9325351,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Vaughner,"The art is beautiful and the voice acting amazing... but it doesn't change the fact that there is no depth to this game.  It's enjoyable and if you like point and click adventures go for it but nothing you do has an impact on the story at all.  It's just keep clicking until you find the 'right' answer to progress.I will recommend it for anyone who likes linear adventures though.  On the basis of writing, voice acting, and musical score.  It's a winner."
76561198007431720,Recommended,232790,9983943,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,The Cannon,Those cereal choices alone are enough to merit my attention!
,Recommended,232790,9864841,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Bundy,Fantastic adventure game.  Could be harder though.  I blasted through this in a couple hours with no trouble at all.
,Recommended,232790,10003662,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Wisard,"Funny, quirky, and worth all your time."
76561197969945998,Recommended,232790,10066666,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Scary Terry,"The only reason I recommend Broken Age is if you have children. I find it's too easy. There are points of the game where I snickered at the jokes or found somethings ironic to a point of being funny, but nothing really got me excited to play this. The puzzles didn't feel very challenging and the characters and jokes almost made me feel as though I was playing through a family film.The music, voice-overs, and art are astounding; so, if you're into highproduction adventure games, this game is for you. I bought it because of Tim Schafer and to be quite honest, there's so much character that comes out this game, it was too hard to say no.Perhaps I'll look at it again once the second chapter comes out, in hopes that the ending of the game becomes more ""serious""."
,Recommended,232790,9413968,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,TwoLegit2Quit,"Its a nice fun game but its not worth the full price simply because of the almost nonexistant amount of content. The whole of the game is so short I thought it was a demo only to find out its the first ""half"" of a game. In truth its so short that I wouldnt even say its half a game. I think the whole thing maybe got me an hour of fun and for $25 I can get an hour of fun anywhere in downtown after 9 PM. If its on sale for anything between $5-10 it's worth the buy and a GREAT GAME to have but anything more than that just doesnt get you enough content for your cash.Heres hoping Act 2 comes out soon and with more to it"
,Recommended,232790,8969985,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,RyRy,Hi
,Recommended,232790,9165343,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,TechJacket,"To put it bluntly, Broken Age is fantastic.The game is a classic point-and-click adventure, in the vein of the Lucasfilm Classics. For those of you who have been living under a rock for two years, Broken Age (previously known as Double Fine Adventure) was a huge kickstarter success, finishing up with over 3 million in crowd-sourced funds. Being one of the original big Kickstarter projects, there was some worry, but Double Fine pulled through in the most stylish way possible.The game is split into two parts, which is.... split into another two parts.This is a review of Act 1. Act 2 will be released some time this year, and here's hoping it's as good as this act. In each act there are two tales to play, both incredibly different, but linked in many, many ways. In one, you play as Vella, a girl forced into tradition. In the other you play as Shay, a boy forced to stay in a spaceship his whole life. Both stories are incredibly fun to play.On your first playthrough you may not notice the similarities between the stories, but if you think about them and put the events together in your mind, you realise how linked these tales are. I can't describe the amazing feeling I had when I discovered these connections. I can't really describe them without completely spoiling the game though.The gameplay is what you would expect from any adventure game. It's fun, puzzling and satisfying. The only downfall is the sheer simplicity of the puzzles. I only really got stuck on one puzzle and even then it's because I just didn't notice one item amongst the background. However, this is actually a pro for younger gamers, as they will enjoy it without getting frustrated.The art. Oh man, the art. It's gorgeous. I can say no more, just look at the screenshots.The music is fantastic as in most Double Fine games. Some great peaceful, ambient tunes to relax you as the gears in your head grind.The story is obviously great, with some excellent writing. The biggest caveat in adventure games for me is feeling bored as lines and lines of text go on and on. In this game though, I was always interested, clicking on every dialogue option available. The AAA voice acting helps a lot too. Before you ask, yes, Jennifer Hale is in it.Overall, Broken Age is a must-buy. Generally I don't preorder or buy games at launch, I just wait for a sale. But this time I did and it was worth every dollar. The length may be an issue, but for me just Act 1 was worth the purchase, but with another act on the way, there's really no reason not to buy this ASAP.What more can I say? Brilliant art, music, puzzle design, writing, voice acting.... It all helps to make this a great, great game. Do yourself a favour and pick this up. You won't regret it."
76561197969191931,Recommended,232790,9442059,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Doticus,"Well worth the playthrough.   As a fan of older adventure games from Shaffer like Grim Fandango and Psychonauts, this is a wonderful addition to the genre.  At first it appears as just ""cute"" and without depth.   Gradually, you find out that there is a more sinister, interesting story underneath.  The voice acting, script , and music are top notch."
,Recommended,232790,10038229,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,› Thronn,THIS. GAME. EPITOMIZES. MODERN. ADVENTURE.
76561198057434471,Recommended,232790,8905846,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,branflakes,simply the best click and pointer game i have ever played
,Recommended,232790,8958495,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Durotoon,"Highly recommended for anyone who wants a good laugh or a great adventure.  Its simple enough to understand yet complex enough to leave you stumped at some points, and its all the better for it.  The characters all have their own personalities and are unique individuals which you will either some how identify with or shake your head at them.  Throw your money at the screen, this Double Fine Adventure is exactly what all this backer had hoped for!"
,Recommended,232790,9063033,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Llysander,"Textured cut-out art style and minimal HUD make this a gaming-lite experience, even in terms of a point-and-click. Regardless the charming characters and intersecting narratives draw you in for a short and sweet ride, and at a mere 4 hours long it has to be diabetically sweet to make up for the length. Act II as a free update is a nice touch however."
,Recommended,232790,8921774,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,DarkMess1ah,An incredibly fun and put together game. Enjoyed it from start to finish. Took my time everywhere to experience everything I could
76561198085488069,Recommended,232790,8927189,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Atomic Pheonix,"This is an incredible game. With it's art and music it is one of my favorite games, especially the yarn bits. The characters are amazing, from the Space-Weaver to the Dead Eye guards it has the best characters in any game that I have played so far. I just love the style of it how everything is interconnected, not only the places like Meriloft and the forest but I mean how both the stories of Vella and Shay intertwine. How you learn some insight on the parrallel story and I can't wait for the next act. Hopefully it will come out sooner than later this year."
76561198042838804,Recommended,232790,9416800,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,ShardDrake,Was a fun but quick Act 1.  Had a few plot twists that didnt resolve till the final moments.  Can not wait to see the next Act.
,Recommended,232790,9985147,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,The Trashman,Went on a mission to save some orphans. Made the Bridge Man fall asleep in turn murdering the orphans. Met a wolf named Marek.10/10 Would not know what just happened again.
,Recommended,232790,9989574,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,VeryBadPing,"Ok first the technical stuff: AMD Phenom 4 Cores 2.7 GHz, 6GB of DDR2 ram, radeon hd 7970 3GB.GNU/Linux fedora rawhide with the radeon open source driver (Yeay!)In 2560x1600 the game cannot run smoothly (all game are calibrated for 1920x1080 nowadays...). There is something which seems weird with the resolution/fullscreen  on gnu/Linux. Anyway, I played it ""not fullscreen"", and it was fine.I would have felt the game a bit too empty for the full price (I got it cheaper thanks to sales). I think they used the kickstarter money to ramp up the first iteration of their game engine for the next games. Basically, we can expect a much more dense and rich act2 and follow up games. Nevertheless, I think it's hard to make a rich point-and-click game with real voices, coz tons of phrases to record, and creating interesting and rich puzzles with that many original graphics, well... tons of more work due to the combinations.On the overall I liked the journeys offered by this game from all perspectives, namely graphics, sound and music and most of the puzzles. Personally, this ""dual"" journey is quite new and refreshing for me.Again from a technical/legal point of view, they should use an open source game engine (protected with a GNU Lesser GPL license) and build their game on it (maybe they used the scumvm engine!)."
76561198159910250,Recommended,232790,13510943,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Nora,"This game is currently just act 1 of a game of two acts, if you buy, you are supposed to get the second act for free once it comes out. For one act, the game is actually overprized, though, so I am counting on getting act 2.The graphics are beautiful, the puzzles are not terribily challenging or have surprising solutions, but didn't leave me unsatisified. The game has an atmosphere that makes it feel unique while playing (as expected from the trailer), but for me what really made it was the story. It started out slow, but the ending was just wow - I don't want to give away more than that. It was totally not what I expected. Can't wait for act 2."
,Recommended,232790,13507022,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Zel Valentine,"This game is magical.It's smart, funny and extremely endearing.Not to mention Double Fine smartly used a black, female protagonist, which just in that shows how original and modern this game is - I wish it weren't so unusual!My only criticism would be that I wish Act 1 was a bit longer (and a bit harder), but I spent a truely wonderful moment and I can't wait for Act 2."
76561198048717564,Recommended,232790,13569461,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Overkill_Alexx,I like the art and setting. Good game if you likes quests.
,Not Recommended,232790,15883577,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Thanqol(),It's all downhill from the brilliant opening screen.
76561198000574574,Recommended,232790,21973683,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Tomixcomics,"This game isn't flawless. I'll get the cons out of the way first:-The game suffers from one of my pet peeves in point and click games, the character ""magically"" knows which items it can or can't interact with and which items will save a purpouse later on. if you can click on something and pick it up, your character's not gonna dare part with it until it eventually needs to use it for something.-There is a part in the second half of the game where the two characters need to perform actions based on the other characters' knowledge, even though there is no interaction between them. You can write this off as them acting on instinct or guessing, but... It probably could've been written better.Pros:-Y'know, I could honestly care less about this game's gameplay faults because at it's core, it's a story. You're here for the plot, for the characters, and for the worldbuilding. And it excels at those. It's a truly good story, which is occasionaly paused when you hit a puzzle that you have a hard time solving.-There are also stuff I liked about the gameplay, but as I said, this game should be played mostly for the story it tells and the world it takes place in."
,Recommended,232790,15902793,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Szotakusensei,Miss point and click adventures of times gone by? Buy this.
,Not Recommended,232790,24344424,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ничего не понимаю,"Simply a bad game, which is dissapointing to a fan of Tim Schafer; the comedy and writing in general is so much worse than all his older games, and the obtuse walkthrough-requiring 90s puzzles just do not feel right nowadays."
,Not Recommended,232790,24624689,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,tripsupstairs,"Ignore the amount of hours played; just the completionist attitude, and I'm pretty sure I left it on overnight. The sad fact is Broken Age really was BROKEN. Most of the puzzles didn't feel like puzzles, and this game does that awful thing where it FORCES you to only use ONE solution, rather than SEVERAL. Point and Click games don't have to be linear, nor do they have to be obvious. This game is both, and tedious to boot. The world-building is minimal and character depth is shallow. I didn't care about any of them really. Spend your money on something else."
,Recommended,232790,18322749,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,terra_dea,
76561198053225666,Not Recommended,232790,18960829,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,smokytehbear,"I really wanted to recommend this game. The writing is great, the general idea is inventive, and it just feels genuine. That said, I cannot recommend this game due to the puzzles. Now, I may be a dolt, but usually after I trudge my way through a puzzle that should not be as difficult as I made it, I understand this and say ""Wow I can't believe I didn't see that."" This game doesn't give you that feeling on more than just a few occasions. Complexity and difficulty are good things, but incoherence is not and I would guess that even the smartest puzzle people spent hours with trial and error at certain points or used a guide. It's sad to see this in a game that might otherwise shine, and what would have been a memorable story with likeable characters becomes obscurred by drawn-out frustration and hindering gameplay."
76561198019975879,Recommended,232790,18301461,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,ShadowKenzie,I loved this game. The story is original and creative. The game play is highly enjoyable. Get this game
76561198001964470,Not Recommended,232790,18350386,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Freilan,"TLDR: Even with the sale, this game dissappointed me so badly I encourage the buyer to beware.Seeing the game was 66% off I figured even with it's problems it was worth some time.ACT 1 wasn't a masterpiece, but the art style, amazing voice acting, and potential the plot gave got me really invested!Read 90% of the reviews, they'll mention ACT 2 is bad. Surely there are some good parts in it, right? Might as well try.Holy ♥♥♥♥, they really weren't kidding.Swiss cheese plot, convoluted puzzles, and so much backtracking I just sincerely lost interest almost within 5 minutes.When the game also prevented me from saving (Still completely unsure why) and deleted my progress, I had no desire to finish.Honestly, if anyone still really wants to buy this, just play ACT 1 and imagine your own story for the second half. Seriously, you're doing yourself a favor."
76561198122980654,Not Recommended,232790,18967787,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,neodimenator,The game is beautifully made and voiced and the Act 1 is really enjoyable and fun. But when you get to Act 2 it really changes: now you have to understand the tree humour and instead of wanting to read what the NPCs are saying you just can't wait when they shut up already and give you another clue. It's also quite sad that we didn't get to know more about the world of Broken Age and the pictures in the credits looks like an excuse for not making a good ending movie.
76561198056387214,Not Recommended,232790,18559094,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,prizmpromise,"Act 2 was really a dissapointing. After a few hours, I was bored and didn't even finish it."
,Not Recommended,232790,18751085,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,ZTylerDurden,Frustrating and meaningless puzzles in the second act bring this game down to mediocrity.  I can't recommend this.
,Not Recommended,232790,18707479,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,BellaSeasons,I was disapointed with this game overall. At first I found it very enjoyable but the nearer you got to the end of act 1 the less enjoyable it became. And since I've heard such bad things from friends of mine about act 2 I don't think it is worth getting since if you only play till the end of act 1 you are left with an unresolved and unsatisfying ending.
76561198121905289,Not Recommended,232790,29947962,Posted: 15 February,all,mcmalonzo,"great atmosphere, but really too easy and short... what has happened to the autor of Monkey Island?"
76561198062047754,Not Recommended,232790,17137502,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,TheSquiggs,Just watch a walkthrough online.First half is a great and is ruined by the second half. Tedious puzzles that have absurd solutions. I beat Braid and the Swapper without looking up for any guides but I had to use videos all the way through the second half only to give up near the end because it became way too rediculous. The story left unanswered questions and couldn't make up for the awful puzzle design. The second half was obiously rushed. I'd reccoment to go through the first act and then stop there; leave the game and pretend that the second act hasn't happened yet.
76561198121372855,Recommended,232790,20289186,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Gedalya_InDev,"For some strange reason, this game reminds me a lot of Crashbox from HBO."
76561198153727091,Recommended,232790,28553726,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Olan,i love this game.
76561198109466146,Recommended,232790,9303929,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,the coon,great game great graphics shays neck looks a little like a pencil but its still a good game you should buy it its great
76561198028830934,Not Recommended,232790,14154230,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,D.Williamson,"It is a nice game, but it is expensive, short and quit frankly shallow compared to what you would expect from something that was made so much noise for.Oh, not to mention, you get just half of the game. Good luck on waiting for the developers, that apparently went silent."
,Recommended,232790,15877943,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Del Mingus,The final product of this game was a long time coming but now both parts are released. It's a charming point and click adventure told from the perspectives of two characters Shay and Vella. You play both characters seperately but can switch between the two at will. The game is standard point and click stuff with plenty of puzzles which are mainly good and intuitive yet challenging enough. The first act of the game is it's strongest setting up the story and characters brilliantly but the second act is a bit disappointing with more focus on puzzles and less on the story and characters.The Good:- beautiful animation-great characters and story (for the first act anyway)- enjoyable intuitive puzzles-brilliant voice acting with a strong castThe Bad:-weaker second act that lets the game downOverall this is a great charming game but it falls short of being brilliant due to the second act which unfortunately lets the game down. Still worth playing though especially now both acts have been released.
76561197972364092,Recommended,232790,19378106,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Lockey,"I have had this game in my library for quite a while, but for various reasons I set Broken Age aside for another time. With the release of the Double Fine Adventure on Steam it was time to properly play the game.The art, animation, music and voice acting are all really great. This certainly meets my expectations of what a modern adventure game should look and sound like. The user interface is nice and minimal, as one would expect from a modern game. I quite liked the writing too. Some of the characters are very funny, and there is plenty to laugh at. The main plot points had unfortunately already been spoilt to me by careless reviewers. Fortunately the story itself is actully quite a lot better than some reviews would have you believe. I don't have any problems with the ending myself. Everything is tied up neatly in the end credits.The puzzles are perhaps the weak point of Broken Age and were certaily a source of frustration for me. I was stuck at a few points in the game and had to look at walkthoughs to progress. Looking back I think I could have solved most of them myself if I had picked up on all the hints or not overlooked an item here or there. The python comes to mind. I was also not a fan of some of the puzzles later in the game that required memorizing things or writing them down. I prefer the game to do any note keeping for me. Also, I would have liked to see more interaction between Shay and Vella. The final set of puzzles would have made more sense if the two protagonists had been in communication with eachother or if there was  an exchange of items or influence on eachothers environments.But was Broken Age worse than the classic adventure games that inspired it? Are its leaps of logic so much more outlandish than Monkey Island or Day of the Tentacle? I personally think not. I played the old Lucasarts games back when they came out, and it's easy to overlook their problems though the rose tinted glasses of nostaligia. For me, Broken Age rekindled some of those fond gaming memories and I had fun playing this game through to the end.So in summary:+ Art, animation, music, voice acting, writing, humor, plot- Some of the puzzles, not enough interaction between the main charactersRecommendation: Very much worth the price, even more so when at a discountBeing able to watch the making of the game in between gaming sessions was quite enlightening. I strongly recommend you watch the documentary too if you buy this game."
,Recommended,232790,19687020,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Haiku,"This game was a piece of art and was very beautiful to play. The gameplay itself was simple point-and-click but numerous puzzles were rather tedious and challenging. I enjoyed the story and even though many have pointed out Act II was a let down in comparison to Act I, I do still believe it was engaging till the end. Sure Act II did fall in terms of quality of story and perhaps, the puzzles were more meticulous and repetitive than Act I, but i still remained immersed in the world of the characters.Characters had quirkiness and unique personalities, adding humour and warmth to the feel of the game (especially the adorable robots, such as Gary and the Hexipals/gals!).Only drawback was the repetitiveness and tediousness of a few puzzles and the ending wasn’t completely satisfying hence the captivating story was underdeveloped.Although overall, I would recommend this game, especially if you’re a fan of beautifully designed graphics, light-hearted but thought-provoking gameplay and an interesting story. Full price may be a bit steep but if on sale, it is worth the buy.Rating~Gameplay: 7/10Story: 7/10Graphics: 9/10Characters: 9/10"
76561198045662634,Not Recommended,232790,13856809,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,thomas-reimer,"Worth buying at full price? Nooo way.Worth buying at sale price? Cautiously.Bought this game during the 2014 Winter sale for 10 bucks, and even then I definitely could have gotten something better.Currently, the game will run you about 3 hours for Act 1, with Act 2 coming out sometime soon (apparently, although it's pretty ridiculous that it's not already out, with almost a year since the release of the last act).Visuals are really great. You won't be totally gobsmacked or anything, but they're nice to look at.Sounds are fun too, the poppy soundtrack and voice acting is spot on.Story is interesting so far, we will have to see when Act 2 comes out.Unfortunately, as pretty as this game is, I can't recommend it just yet, as it's basically half a game for way too steep a price.tldr;Game Quality 8/10Value for Money 1/10 (Regular Price)"
,Not Recommended,232790,24913717,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,YDeathYLORD,"First episode\act was GREAT.Second episode and the ending killed ALL the mood, the story and the meaning of this game.""Aaand it's gone..."". Gone.It's like you've got a yammy donut, made a bite, and then it turn into sh...t.If you wanna play, STOP right after the first episode (Act 1)."
76561198032117430,Recommended,232790,8962053,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,bakagrappler,"I was leery of buying Broken Age.I was one of the people who didn't know Kickstarter existed when the Double Fine Adventure got kicked off, and cursed myself for my inability to donate at a later date.  But then I heard about Tim Schafer's ""Oops, I accidentally made the game too big out of excitement"" and the resulting decision to release the game in two parts.I was leery of buying such a Broken Age, broken into pieces.  But I bought it anyway because I believed in the man behind the Age.And I was right to do so.I will only touch upon the beauty of the designs and the watercolor style artwork.  How it transforms the world into a living, breathing, stylistic entity that adds to the gravity and majesty of the game.  You can see that just from the advertising previews.I will only offhandedly mention the beautiful music, and how it aids in captivating the strange and enchanting art, holding your attention and increasing your desire to see what's over on the next screen.I will speak about the voice cast.  About how Curtis (Wil Wheaton) just made my day, and Shay's (Elijah Wood) desperately struggling morality trying to escape it's infancy made me really, really care.  About how the entire cast is Grade-A and there is not a sour note amongst them I could even try to harp upon.I will talk about the length of Part 1.  It is short... but it is just right.  There was no filler in it, and it felt like Shay's story was shorter than Vella's, but neither side of the adventure had any spam in it.  No filler to make you sigh in boredom of somethign that should not be there.  Every bit of the game was something to be important, either in setting the tone or setting of the characters or the world.  Nothing too much, and it delivers you to...The Twist.There is a reason that Tim Schafer chose to end Part 1 right where he did, because there is no better spot to end Part 1.  The Twist changed my entire perspective on EVERYTHING.  And I will have to play the game again in reverse order to make sure I understand it this time for it's true self.  Just like Fight Club, you have to see it at least twice to really get it.And the time from now until the release of Part 2...  Let that Twist stew in your gut.  let it capture your imagination and leave you asking, How and Why.  All in preparation for Part 2.Part 1 was just the closing of the First Act in terms of the laws of writing.  The Second and Third Act are yet to come."
76561197968289765,Recommended,232790,8966122,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Janju,"It's art, voice acting, music and story telling are all very nice. I love all of it. It just feels like it should. And the puzzels are very easy. It's not frustrating in the least.The only thing that is very annoying is that it is way to short. You need something like 3 hours to complete act 1. With Act 2 is said to have similar length. That makes me sad. I would love to see more people & conversation and generally more backstory in the game. I would love to dive deeper into this fantastic world / universe setting. Maybe some sidequests too.I hope they add a hardmode after the game is finished like in Indiana Jones 4 fate of atlantis."
76561197968326075,Recommended,232790,13620865,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ratboy1969,Great game. Can't for part 2. My kids have played through numerous time as well and love it.
,Recommended,232790,13274190,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,my banana (Dean of Boys),"Entertaining, has an amazing aesthetic, funny, and overall well produced. I didn't fund the kickstarter so I'm not♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about the brevity. If $25 isn't much for you then buy the game, if you see it on sale definitely buy the game."
,Not Recommended,232790,13026796,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,mcac0006,"Even a discounted price of €15.00 made me feel like I've been a victim of a daylight robbery. As much as I have high praise for the quality of the game, it's short and way, way overpriced. Act 2 feels months away. I seriously hope it's included in the price I paid for this.Since when did games have to be funded by our own pockets before they are developed?"
76561198033157634,Recommended,232790,8945825,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Hanbark,"I bought this game thinking why not? A played a bit and really enjoyed the artwork. the story was wellwritten and the VA's talent was well put to good use. I laughed through most of the adventure andreally loved the characters in it.the puzzles range from easy to moderatley hard! tough one or two ofthem I literally did by complete luck. Though it wasn't too long, I am well aware of act 2 is comingsoon. I Tried to come up with some negative comments about this game, Yet I can't seem to find aproblem through my time playing, I was entertained 100% of my time spent on this masterpiece.10/10 Would Totally play part 2!!!"
76561197976368287,Recommended,232790,13012301,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,gforcefan,"This is a good adventure game with great production values.  The puzzles are easy but the story (especially the ending of this half) is really good.  The price includes part 2, which unfortunately, is still missing."
,Not Recommended,232790,13319842,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,kekekeks,3.5 total hours of playtime for this price? Are you kidding?
,Recommended,232790,24549624,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Vulcan,"As a fan of the old school Kings Quest games this title intrigued me.  Initially I held off but when it went on sale and had so many positive reviews I decided to pick it up.   Overall it's not a very hard game.  Only had to refer to a guide once @#$#@! Hexipals!  (Play it.  You'll understand)Pros:•	Superb voice acting.  With some voices that I didn't expect (Jack Black for example)•	Neat story.  Well written.•	The duality of the entire game.  The way you switch between the perspectives of the two main protagonists is very smooth and very well done.•	Artwork: The feeling of the old-school hand painted Kings Quest style artwork was very nice.•	Soundtrack.  It was pleasant and not overwhelming. This was one of the select few games that I didn’t turn the music down on.Cons:•	The story can drag on a bit.•	Lots of going back and forth across the same scenes.  But this is typical of the genre sometimes.Overall this was well worth a play and while it won’t consume you or leave you crying for more like some of the Kings Quest titles did, it does fill a fun little niche and is worth the $5 off the steam sales.7/10 would re-wire a hexipal again…and again…and again…and again…."
76561197981867244,Recommended,232790,16095152,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,DecadentBrambleBaron,"Broken Age is an amazing point and click experience, reminescent of Steven Spielburg's The Dig in a light-hearted setting. The art stlye and some of its antics remind me of Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker,The story touches on various enlightened understandings about life, and its quite meta; of itself and reality in general. There's quite a few gags and clever lines, and one in particular (a Terminator reference of all things) made me tear up and laugh at the same time.It doesn't really go very far with the story, it doesn't aim to be the most riveting and jaw dropping storytelling experience ever. Still, its a perfect example of when the games medium does story telling well. Broken Age never goes overboard, but there's a lot to ponder about the philosophical meaning of different elements throughout. Its kind of light or deep as you want it to go, I think.Its a little hard to review a game that's just a storyline with some secondary interactive elements without spoiling anything. I'll just say, the sound and voice acting are flawless throughout. The story is captivating as anything you'll find  in modern media. It has a good length. Its difficult to figure out what to do at a few parts, but its not ever bad enough to actually warrant using a game guide. The character swapping mechanic sees some token use to aid advancement, but I think over-use of that feature might make gameplay too novel.If you like games like Monkey Island, The Dig, or just a good, mild storyline, I'd definitely recommend Broken Age."
76561198041513567,Recommended,232790,16410612,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Yanna Usagi,This game was beautiful and touching and funny. The voice acting is excellent. And it lets you skip events if you've seen them before by simply hitting the spacebar! That is SUCH a blessing in a point and click adventure game.I really can't think of a single thing I disliked about this game. The puzzles were clever enough to be engaging but never oblique enough to require a strategy guide. This is best thing Double Fine has created since Psychonauts.
,Not Recommended,232790,16016164,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,DAud,"Basically the Time Machine by H.G. Wells, only not as good.Also practically nothing new happened in the second part, only recycled plot lines on recycled places. Not to mention the hand-waved plot holes(why did everybody think mom a computer? how are Vella and Shay cooperating before the finale?), the terrible puzzle quality and logic or the incredibly rushed ending. I guess with Schafer lavishly wasting the money on pointless celebrity voices, they had to re-use assets and as such having an act inside Loruna with new sets and characters was out of question. Finally when things get interesting and you think you can meet the Thrush in a personal showdown and learn a bit more about Loruna first hand? Nope, nonsense ending.The Thrush is only dealt with in the credits slide show? WTF?!I've seen hidden object games with better story, go and find an AG that brings back the good parts of the point & click tradition, not the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ guesswork aspect."
,Recommended,232790,15671745,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,mortuus_in_anima,"I totally recommend this game to those who love to play puzzles, rpg, and solving problems. :) Art style is exquisite, the soundtracks are amazing. The story and characters are very lovely.Also, the strory isn't completely predictable.I also really love how unique the characters are. :)This game is worth the time and money. I wish more games like this will be made."
,Recommended,232790,15770487,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,coffeepyros,"Broken Age is a modern adventure game with throwbacks to the past and - at least for me - an ideal fusion of both worlds.Background: I'm not a backer, so the game didn't have to live up to a specific promise for me. I used to play adventure games back in the 90ies. I waited until Act 2 was out, before I started playing Act 1&2.There's so much to love. The art style is amazing, charming, well thought out and manages to create a whole real world, partly made out of yarn. Yay! The character design and animations are great. The puzzles in Act 1 are easy enough to welcome newcomers to the genre and quickly ramp up in Act 2 to provide a real challenge and with that a real feeling of accomplishment upon solving them. There are always hints to be found. The writing is brightly witty. The voice acting is top of the line. The ""plot twist"" at the end of Act 1 genuinely surprised me and had me uttering ""what the f..."" maybe 10+ times out loud in a row. Well done.I really liked the transition into Act 2: the character reveals, the expansion of the world and the fact that you had to solve puzzles with things introduced in Act 1. I felt even more at home in Act 2: switching between the characters felt like switching between the characters in Zak McKracken, constructingthe tree jokereminded me of the Monkey Island swordmaster insults. I didn't miss the verb interface at all.The only complaint I have is, that you can't load straight from a running game, you have to save+exit to the main menu first. That's it.I'd strongly recommend Broken Age to everyone interested in puzzles, art or humor. It's a monument for what can be achieved with love, talent and dedication."
,Recommended,232790,15940347,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Hanley Face,"People complained that the first act was too easy. Now they complain that the second act is too hard, There is no pleasing some people. Complaints that the puzzle in the second act can not be solved without random trial and error are largely false. Being observant (like you are supposed to be in these types of games) is enough to deduce the puzzles. However, you will need to switch between Shay and Vella. If you are stuck on one puzzle, change character and move on. Clues for Shay can be found in Vella's story and clues for Vella can be found in Shay's story.All in all this is a fun, funny, challenging game which is visually stunning and has a great story."
76561198014931005,Recommended,232790,15993091,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Puzzlebox,"Not the greatest game I've ever played, but probably the best point and click game.  I'm a little disappointed that it wasn't really worth the wait for part 2, but it did surprise me enough to avoid getting a negative review.  Buying the whole package now at once would likely be worthy of your time.  The hexipal wiring was a real pain, but that's pretty much par for the course for endgame puzzle shenanigans, just be prepared ahead of time with a notepad or something.  I'm starting to think that I just don't like this whole genera of games, but this one at least had a really interesting setting and characters.7/10"
,Recommended,232790,15993642,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,SwagginsBaggins,A good welcome return to classic style point-click adventure games! You should get this today!
,Recommended,232790,15936496,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Selfia,"Y'know, Act 1 is extremely enjoyable with a lot of great world building and character development. It sets itself apart as a story with how much of it you do not expect and the kinds of interactions. Vella's character is a necessary one for modern story telling in gaming, often going almost over the top with how independently driven she is. In her torn pink dress and over sized cloud shoes, she's perfectly iconic. And a girl with a back ground that on a few occasions implies that her (because of family and community) only skill is baking, that is so incredible to have still be the most warrior like character in the whole game.And don't get me wrong, Act 2 was fun and adventurous in the same way, (Shay finally connecting with actual people for the first time in his life and getting to know his family and doing some good, that was great) but I couldn't get through this damn thing without a walk through. SEVERAL walk throughs. Several text anD VIDEO WALK THROUGHS. It was difficult in places that did not need to be difficult. The difficulty in telling a talking tree a joke was set to high. I finished Act 1 in about four hours and Act 2 took twice that.WHY DID THE WIRE PUZZLES HAVE TO BE RANDOMIZED. IT TOOK FIVE GOOGLE SEARCHES TO FIND THAT OUT. IT WAS A PUZZLE ON ITS OWN, GOOD LORD."
76561197999072624,Recommended,232790,15672205,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Beige&Confused,"Broken Age is absolutley FANTASTIC.  Its so good in fact that I would rank it as my second favorite thing Tim Schafer has ever done behind Psychonauts, THAT is no small feat.  It has all the hallmarks of Schafer's greatest works: amazing cast of characters, perfect exceptional voice acting, challenging and hilarious puzzles/gameplay, excellent Peter McConnell soundtrack, incredibly written script, its all here and its awesome.  The real star of the show, though, is its story; the story here may be simple but its one of the best and most original plots I've EVER heard in a video game, built around 2 seperate plot threads that seem completely unrelated until a few plot twists mid-way through.  This two-story structure also plays into the gameplay, where you switch between the two main characters in order to complete the grander whole of the game.  There are also a few streamlined features that help speed up some traditions of the point-and-click genre that have long needed an overhaul.That said, as is the case with ALL point-and-click adventures, it has a few niggling problems.  For the record any PAC game that has time-based puzzles never fails to frustrate me; there are times where you will be on the correct train of thought for solving a problem, but still fail because you didnt click in the right timing.  This doesnt sound like a big deal, but when you do fail this can cause you to try seeking other ways of completing the puzzle and waste a ton of time in the process.  There are other logic issues with some of the puzzles, but overall I think the difficulty was perfect for this genre, and overall I only needed to get help under 10 times in a lengthy adventure.All in all if you are a fan of Double Fine, Schafer, or a point-and-click fan in general you absolutely MUST play Broken Age."
76561198003229200,Recommended,232790,16488970,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Pikathulhu,"The game is absolutely beautiful, and the voice acting is superb.The story is interesting although not terribly unique.The puzzles in the second half of the game are absolutely terrible -- save yourself the frustration and use a walkthrough once you get to the robot rewiring sections. Yes, there are multiple puzzles about rewiring robots because you're a bad person and you're being punished for your sins.I got it on sale for $15 and it was well worth it."
,Recommended,232790,15700219,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Zeedware,"The first act of Broken Age is very amazing. A AAA level quality of animation, funny jokes, amazing voice acting, and the most important aspect, the Story, was full of explorations, mysteries, and imagination. You'll keep wondering what happen, why it happen, and what will happen.The second act however, is not as good as the first act. IMO, it's just lazy. You'll just re-exploring the places that you have explored in Act I, and for an adventure game, re-exploring is not fun. Though it still have the same quality of animation, jokes, and voice acting. The story is also a bit lacking, the great thing about act I, is that it makes player keep asking question throughout the game. Unfortunately, in Act II, the important mysteries already solved in the beginning of the game, and the remaining mysteries are remain unsolved until the end.But still, with all the disappointing elements in Act II, Broken Age is still an amazing game. The animation, jokes, and storytelling are something that should not be missed. Just think of it as a great game and it's not-so-good sequel compiled as one."
,Not Recommended,232790,20885080,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,JayBones,I just don't understand the appeal of this game at all.
,Recommended,232790,15671565,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Detective John Kimble,"Man I want to find out more about Shay's town. We found out about so much of the people outside but only meet 3 peeps, there needs to be an Act 3 ! Show more of the world! the characters and it's history.I really as an adventure gamer felt like whoa man, the last part of the story was so much to take in with not enough things to explain it all and all those other people who were being duped. Could have gone farther with this, There needs to be a petition for act 3 or something pfft!I still recommend this game cause I love adventure games. I just wish the story was longer :("
76561198154186362,Recommended,232790,15689365,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,carriercommander,"I just finished playing act 1 and 2 and had a lot of fun. The hand-drawn graphics look great, the music underlines the mood and the well-written, volumnious and funny dialogue is backed by fitting voice acting. The story is original and took some surprising turns. The user interface is minimal but functional and works without explicitly selecting verbs to interact with the game objects. The riddles weren't too hard, though later some of them became a little frustrating and took me quite some time to solve. I managed to finish the game withouth looking at hints and too much frustration though. :-)All in all I'm very happy with the game and think that, gameplay-wise, it is quite on par with some of the old titles from Lucasfilm Games (which had some minor quirks, too). I enjoyed it a lot and think this game might be a future classic."
,Recommended,232790,15959773,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,RaposoTroll,"It is a point'n'click comeback from Schafer's team. Fresh jokes, great art, awesome dialogues!"
,Recommended,232790,16065698,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Chrogion,"A solid adventure. Fun to play. Mostly well designed. Story is reasonably good (especially part 2). But it doesn't match the greatness of the old LucasArts games (maybe it's not absurd enough? I haven't figured out the secret formula yet...).I do recommend this game. There are better recent adventures like the Book of Unwritten Tales (Part 1 or 2) but it is still a very enjoyable experience.Oh, and by the way, Vella is awesome."
76561197964638572,Recommended,232790,15603187,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ZER0,"A great adventure game from Tim Schafer and his team, which I would recommend to every fan of the genre. For non genre fans; if you can enjoy a well made family movie with a deeper underlying story you'll certainly like the game.The characters and the world are fantastic and quirky as you would expect it from a writer who worked on the legendary Monkey Island series. Though for a true masterpiece the game is too short and has too few locations. The puzzles are well designed, need some creativity to be solved and fit well into the presented world. The musical score by Peter McConnell is held in a modern romantic style and fits the game well, it lacks, though, a memorable main theme or motive kept throughout the score. This is admittedly difficult in such a short game with few location changes and though solid the music doesn't achieve more the being background music. The art style of the game is creative and functional at the same time and fits the story, characters and world well.The main story, if looked at bluntly, is quite brutal. It is, however, told in a very family movie like, innocent way. It works in the game, but, in my opinion, only because the end is not completely conclusive. I would love to see the same story in a more sinister and real world like game with a closed ending. I like the degree to which the parallel story of both main characters was intertwined in the puzzles, not too much, not too little.Overall I really enjoyed the game, including the non evitable moments when you're stuck and don't know what to do and their resolutions, as they're part of the game."
76561198011176219,Recommended,232790,18314633,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Janwin,"Broken Age is a fantastic callback to the golden age of Point and Click adventures. It brings back the Whimsy of Monkey Island nad the Outlandish themes of Day of the tentacle.  Interesting characters, including the background creatures with no voice. It keeps you entertained and interested the whole way, with just enough difficulty to the puzzles to make sure you don't breeze through it. Just like every other game I've encountered from Double Fine, it is excellent, polished, and something I will strongly recommend."
,Recommended,232790,18317312,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,ezekeal,"Great story, great art, great acting."
76561198165607849,Recommended,232790,26116796,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,iChuti,It's a good game. It challenge me for finding the solution.The story is good. I love both of main characters.I really like this game. <3
,Recommended,232790,24040020,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,phooart,"The style, the story and the characters - oh, I've fallen in love with this game!"
,Recommended,232790,15653491,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,evgenromin,"Awesome story and game!But I want to complain about few things:1) Very long loading time between scenes. It was real pain, then you should watch black screen and wait for 10-15 sec between scene and locations... Problem was on Mac OS version.2) Knot Diagram puzzle - not obvious at allDouble Fine - Keep it up! I want new adventures and amazing stories=)"
76561198035643395,Recommended,232790,8922118,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Neowolf,"A beautiful, smartly written, and ingaging game that never loses your interest. And, with the addition of both a whimsical, and mystifying soundtrack, this creates one of the most best point-and-click adventure games I've played in a long time."
76561197990793790,Recommended,232790,8918556,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,caboose435,If you enjoy Adventure games you'll like this for the most part. but you wont find it very hard so if you want a challage it wont deliver. The story is interesting and how the two characters link together is crazy.
76561198163628066,Recommended,232790,15674092,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,mymlan,Really loved this game! Lovely Point & Click adventure game with a rich and fulfilling story. The music and artwork is amazing!
,Recommended,232790,15674103,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,EdwardZM,"Are you a click and point adventures fan?.... No?....Are you a rich story telling games fan?..... neither..uhh..Well at least you gotta be a Tim Schafer fan..... You don't know who's Tim Schafer... hu ok...Ok serious talk now, you like puzzles, story, engaging narrative, interesting characters all for the sake of gameplay, but still you can manage to have some fun with it? This game is for you.You like to go straight to the point? You like to have a clear objective without too many complicated stuff bothering you? You like your games with a edgy or more mature style and  patience isn't your strongest quality? You should probably overlook this game then.Everything aside thou It's a good game, not the master peace that Tim Schafer promised, but it's still worth's a shot, not for everyone but still's good8/10P.D. The voice acting in this game is amazing, one of the things I liked the most about this game."
76561198028475748,Recommended,232790,15675093,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,PsychoticLime,"It's clear that, with Act 1 and Act 2 being released with about a year's gap between them, there are some differences and the gameplay could be somewhat affected. While Act 1 is quite linear and smooth, Act 2 features generally more complicated puzzles, and it sometimes requires to change story to search for hints, which is something I would never have thought, so it's been very frustrating to solve some of the puzzles.But, to compensate, this is a game that clearly has a lot of effort put into it. The art style is simply amazing, and the storytelling is very clever. It is not easy to solve some puzzles, but really, what point-and-click game is made to be easy? I personally enjoyed the game a lot, even though I had a spoiler-free walkthrough opened in the background to help me on some parts, and I can say, it does not take away from the beauty of the game."
76561198049253683,Recommended,232790,11968696,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Tocone,"I loved act 1 and I'm itching for act 2 to come out.I especcially liked (I can't spell) Shay's story. I mean, it's got a talking spoon that serves up nutrition facts along with food! And there's a knife that he gets into fights with!I love this game. In fact I just played through the full game!If I could rate this 5 stars, then I would."
76561198103407871,Recommended,232790,12322557,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,VargusTGF,If you like spoons that talk then you will like this game.
76561198040928441,Recommended,232790,9161514,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,MapleHero,"Great artwork, great music, and two fantastic stories. I recomned it for anyone who likes puzzles and a good story."
,Recommended,232790,9162379,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,leonie_evans,Looks great and i like the ideas/characters but was pretty short
76561198041518970,Recommended,232790,9214516,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,mgprkr,"Great point and click adventure game. Great art style, music, and voice-work. The puzzles are logical and play very nicely. Did find Vella's story more interesting and varied but Shay's was still good. Cannot wait for Act 2!"
76561198059700080,Recommended,232790,9214917,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Azshandar,Awesome game. Can't wait for Act 2. :)
76561198084001350,Recommended,232790,9272090,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,marcus.moeller,"Great Game, Can't stand the wait for Act 2 :)"
76561197997503841,Recommended,232790,9274021,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Splizdak,"I really enjoyed the first Act and I'm looking forward to Act 2 but one thing grinds my gears.""Act 1 is available now, and the act 2 conclusion will arrive as a free update later this year!"" - Taken from the Steam Store.But today I read an article stating that the money made from Act 1 is being used to make Act 2... so basically if this game didn't sell well there would not have been a Act 2..."
76561198030930118,Recommended,232790,9390806,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Rraurgrimm,A very nice and charming point-and-click adventure with a compelling soundtrack requiring moderate combination skills. The fun story and interesting background gave me some food for thought in Act 1 and I look forward to the next part.
,Recommended,232790,9390826,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Ɉǿȵƨⓜℯℓǭŋṩ,"Definitely brings you back to the good old monkey island days, although not as difficult as his previous point and click adventures, it still made me think from time to time. Only took about 3 or 4 hours to complete, i certainly cannot wait until the next act is released."
76561197979456986,Recommended,232790,9394173,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,KaiserSose,"Brings me back to my child hood, and subsequently I played a good portion of it with my 7 year old daughter.  Thank you for a beautiful experience and moment. Keep creating great works of art like broken age!  Sincerely two 7 year olds."
,Recommended,232790,9396498,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,DomJCrosato,Extremely lovable characters wrapped up in excellent storytelling.
76561198026593995,Recommended,232790,9038944,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,starz_and_moonz,
,Recommended,232790,9040104,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Karate,"Sweet, charming game.  Great art and nearly flawless acting, can't wait for more!"
76561198123163533,Recommended,232790,9050418,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,ErisSaid,"Well that was quick. It's 4 hours of beautiful art, top notch voiceover, and engaging story that you want to see through to the end, all held together by the kind of quirky item-combining gameplay I remember from the 90s.But it's 4 hours.It's an enjoyable experience and I'm looking forward to having the rest of the story in Act 2....but it's 4 hours. Consider this a recommendation if you don't mind getting an abbreviated taste of the story. Personally, I can't wait for Act 2 (especially since I've essentially already paid for it)"
,Recommended,232790,9056715,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,"Trust me, I'm an engineer",This is most beautiful adventure after The Longest Journey in my list.
,Recommended,232790,9085350,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,DaxxyDad,"This game is a spectacular example of the ability of story driven games to be just as good as any other game. this game arises questions about society and extreme connections to the main charracters Shae and Veloria. although some things you are supposed to do in the game, aren't exactly right in front of you, it adds an element of wonder and exploration to the masterpiece. good job DoubleFine on another unique never before done idea. i give it a 9.9/10"
,Recommended,232790,9085644,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Smotos,Просто попробуйте
,Recommended,232790,8985911,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,vuldin,"This is a piece of art. Instead of thinking of this similar to other games, it seems closer what many games start off as: a vehicle for communicating a very in-depth story (similar to what good books and movies do). The animation, story, and soundtrack are all very much the focus, and each of these areas are artistic, high quality, and enjoyable. The only personal downside is that the point-and-click aspect is not as engaging as other types of gameplay styles for me, but this is more a drawback of the genre than this game particularly... the execution of the point-and-click functionality in this game seems as good as can be expected."
76561198008238997,Recommended,232790,8987029,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Papal,"The story, voice acting and audio score in this game are excellent, only downside for me was I got through it too quick as I didn't have to spend anytime thinking about how to solve puzzles at any point in the game, they practically solve themselves.Only half a game at the moment though so with act 2 to come it is well worth what I paid."
,Recommended,232790,8987178,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,marquiseondore,Broken Age is worthy of all the positive reviews.
,Recommended,232790,8987703,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Shizzlebot,"This game is absolutly amazing. Tim Schafer proves again that he knows what a good game should be like. This point-and-click adventure tells an amazing story of two people and their stories which do not seem to have a connection, until subtle hints are dropped here and there.Smooth controls ( minus drag and drop sadly ), gorgous visuals and superb dialog. This is what gaming is about, amazing adventures with great immersion and breathtaking moments that leave you in awe for a few seconds, just sitting there and staring at your screen trying to comprehend what just happened.Do yourself a favor, even if  you are not very into point-and-click games, this game deserves to be in your library."
,Recommended,232790,8989021,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Pappy,Not as long as i would have liked it to be but its still a Tim Schaffer game and being a fan of his old point and clicks i loved it. Cant wait for act 2 to come out!
76561198043482350,Recommended,232790,9067859,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Wigluf,The music was pleasant and the game puzzles  were simple and satisfying  first game of its type ive ever played.
76561198053291106,Recommended,232790,9070002,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Exodus2703,"Beautiful game, great voice acting and interesting characters. Story shows real promise. Downside is that the puzzles are very, very easy and that relatively few objects are ""viewable"" compared to previous iterations of Tim Schafer's adventures from his Lucasarts days. No interaction between the two characters, like in for example Day of the Tentacle, combined with the easy difficulty makes each story feel a bit too short at this point time. Still recommended but hope that part 2 provides a bit more challenge and drives the story forward."
,Recommended,232790,9070069,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,👯🏻🥛🐸👌🏻KEK,Awesomes!
76561198119850488,Recommended,232790,9070682,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,MidgetPizza,"A beautiful game with artsy and creative graphics. A series of puzzles and just an all around adventure. It may not be for everybody, considering that it may take people only a few hours to complete. My only gripe is that I have to wait for Part 2!!"
76561197987010813,Recommended,232790,9075834,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,geashu,"You'll laugh you'll cry, you will not want to stop playing at all. I can not remmend this game enough. Great stuff."
76561198061302883,Recommended,232790,9089073,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,restoril,This game is pretty awesome.  The little plot twist blew my mind.
,Recommended,232790,9157896,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,SeriousxSarcasm,"Very short game for the first act, but the story is interesting, and the voice acting is fantastic. I enjoyed it a lot more than I thought I would, actually. If you're not sure if you like these kinds of games, try it when it goes on sale."
76561197978498919,Recommended,232790,9163357,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Domikaze,"With its charming art, characters, story, and music, Broken Age is like a living storybook and should be enjoyed as such. It's a brief escape into something humorous and whimsical that deserves your attention."
76561197994426323,Recommended,232790,9164658,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,kjcross,"Makes me want to go back and play King's Quest, and hopefully not feel like a complete idiot this time."
76561197967355674,Recommended,232790,9185087,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,MEOWGGOTS!@!,"First of all I've gotta say I'm a Tim's fan so this review might be a bit biased.The game is gorgeous, with the characters feeling alive, every one of them with their personal quirks and talking to them never feels like a chore because it's always interesting to listen to them. Adding to this we have a great soundtrack and you have a great experience for the player.It is a point-and-click adventure though, so it will not appease everyone. But if you are willing to try something new and expects something different that the other mainstream games present to you, I'd give this game a try.If anything it is a bit short (finished it in 3-4 hours) but besides that, not much to complain about, really."
76561198073975642,Recommended,232790,9186064,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Finnster1012,really well done game
,Recommended,232790,9186190,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,baron von jiggly,10/10 really enjoyed it great adventure game and if you do play it i suggest start as the guy it makes the story just fit better
76561198063617030,Recommended,232790,9186921,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,TheAmazingSOB,"Fantastic. The puzzles are relatively straightforward and stray from the bizarro-world 'solutions' that plague some of the older titles. It's a little on the short side (4 hours for me, counting walking away to get food), and even with part 2 it's not looking to be a long game. However, I'll take a short but sweet title over a long and lousy one."
,Recommended,232790,9188889,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Eean,I keep seeing this in my list of games and want to play more. But I finished Act 1. So then I'm sad.
76561197995015901,Recommended,232790,9192971,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,powderedtoastman,"If you are a fan of point and click adventure games this is a good one to pick up.  Tim Schafer still knows what he is doing.  The game isn't complete as the second act is still waiting to be released, but the first act if a great play.  The story is excellent and when you finish the first act you will be wanting more. The puzzles are good, not too difficult but you still have to think and interact with everything to figure out whats going on.  I don't want to give too much away so if you are a fan of the genre then get this game as it does the nearly dead genre justice."
,Recommended,232790,9194351,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,sharkweek,"Fantastic game, amazing art direction and incredibly fun gameplay"
76561198041179049,Recommended,232790,9196412,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,SnooNeko,This is hands down my game of the year so far! (I know it's only February... shhhh!)
,Recommended,232790,9197692,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Tust #The New Shrimp Groove,"Best game 2014,15 and 16.10/10 would bang."
,Recommended,232790,9197728,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Legatosmash,"Although the gameplay is not particularly novel or challenging, Broken Age is still an amazing experience.  Probably the most enjoyable few hours I have had with a video game in a while."
,Recommended,232790,9200120,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,XenoGuy,"amazing modern adventure game.  the puzzles are straight forward and make sense, which makes it better for casual gamers."
76561197990904704,Recommended,232790,9050680,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,YOUR FAVORITE ANIMES,It owns.  The dialogue is hillarious.  Double FIne is back!
,Recommended,232790,9242861,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Hy Bound,"Amazing, fun, clever, fantastic! Buy this game!"
76561198006694956,Not Recommended,232790,20796140,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,yuirick,"This game was... Eh. Really just... Eh.I'll break this review into bits, just to make the critique more 'clean' :Story:The story is actually pretty original, and if the devices used in this storyline was used better, there would be no complaints on this aspect... Thing is, there are plenty of things wrong.First, there is a good share of plot holes. From the 'how did (s)he know that?' to the ending that shouldn't be happy, as much as it should be the cast running with their tales between their legs, unexplained rationales for why themother and father never goes to see the son in person and somehow manages to act so robot-like as to be indistinguishable from a robot, even going so far as to not being able to see the difference between a blow-up balloon and their son.Those are all I can remember off the top of my head. However, I'm willing to overlook this, especially if the cast was interesting. The cast was not interesting. At all.The cast generally feels... Vapid, superficial and stereotypical. I can get that this can work for a certain sort of humor, especially more light hearted slapstick humor, but you rarely ever see any of this. Instead, you see social commentary and said characters simply and plainly acting out their stereotypes. Humor is subjective though, but I can't remember laughing once. ONCE.My favorite part of the story was generally speaking always the part on board the spaceship. The stereotypes made more sense there, as they were all AI's or the like, and the story of an overcaring mother actually got through to me cleanly without too much noise by various infuriating distractions... Speaking of which -The gameplay(puzzles) :Some of the puzzles are nice. Some of the puzzles are plain annoying. ESPECIALLY part 2 puzzles, which commits the sin of being arbitrary, requiring specific things done in specific order, and it even adds a new sin to the list of sins: Requiring you to break the 4th wall in order to solve some puzzles, which in-story can only be explained as telepathy. The part 1 puzzles were generally okay and somewhat interesting, although I rarely felt like there was a specific purpose to them... I just sortof... Did them. And when the solution was there, it was there, and I moved on. IE: It was still a little arbitrary, even in part 1.The visuals and music :Now, some people are going to absolutely love the visuals in this game, and I can see why. They're really well made, although I'm sadly not into this particular style myself.I didn't really take note of the music, so I guess that's a plus... As in, it wasn't intrusive. I literally can't remember a note from the game at the moment, at all, and I've just finished it. I'm not using the word 'literally' in a figurative manner either. All in all, this aspect works, but there are prettier or more visually interesting looking games out there.All in all, if you're new to the genre, maybe this will work for you. On the other hand, if you're hungry for something of this genre to pass time with, this game would work fine as well. If you're looking for something with high quality, give this a pass."
76561198027236760,Not Recommended,232790,21040712,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Asami,"This game is one big headache after another. There is no logic, you run back and forth endlessly, and for what? The ending is beyond disappointing. Sadly I would say that this game is just a large waste of anyone's time. I will say that I did enjoy the art work... O_O"
76561198036156656,Recommended,232790,21068721,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,eys,I recommend this game.
,Recommended,232790,9219143,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Wβ,Puking trees/10
,Not Recommended,232790,11418534,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Astwook,"It's great, but they haven't finished it and it's really annoying at this point."
76561198120275569,Not Recommended,232790,12023863,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Two Fish,"This game was great for the whole hour and change it took me to beat Act 1. It then abruptly ended, at which point I discovered I had not actually purchased a whole game, I'd only purchased half of one. This is a real shame; I wanted to support a great game design team, play a good game, and I even threw in the extra for the soundtrack because I thought ""This team has a vision, and I want to get behind a work of art."" I wasted $18 on half a game and I haven't got a clue where I can claim my soundtrack. I think Tim Schafer should be ashamed to fool people into buying something that isn't complete and then charge them an in-app purchase to play the rest of the game. It's underhanded, sleezy, and I'm not going to be buying from Double Fine or any other company with Tim Schafer's name on it again.TLDR: Great hour of a game, wouldn't pay 18 bucks for an hour of gameplay though. Super mad that they are charging for the rest of the game, should have charged the price for the whole thing upfront."
76561198133807024,Recommended,232790,12160017,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,mangabrittany,"this game beautiful, I can't wait until part 2 is realised!"
76561198001656404,Recommended,232790,12150105,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,[n00b] Boat-senpai,"BUY IT ON SALE.As enjoyable as it was to play this quirky little adventure by DoubleFine, it was entirely too short. Even with the assumption that the Act 2 update doubles the length of the game it would likely still seem short for the full price tag. Act 1 took me around 3-4 hours start to finish and in all honesty it felt like I was really only beginning the adventure by the time it was over. For a $25 price tag that just seems a little steep considering the overall simplicity of the game (talented celebrity voices and hand-painted backgrounds aside).It is definitely a fun couple of hours especially if you're a fan of Tim's games and DoubleFine... but buy it on sale. At least until Act 2 comes out."
76561198052475353,Recommended,232790,24921529,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Gash Dusen,Doublefine is a popular developer for a reason.
,Not Recommended,232790,24403630,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,c.svenjax,"Sand-taste plot, non-sense dialogues, and unnecessary ""puzzle""s.But, well, tons of achievements."
,Recommended,232790,9182874,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Jace,"Broken Age is a delighful game with beautiful artwork, perfect voice work and devilishly fun puzzles. The ending catches you by surprise and leaves you wanting more. We can't wait for the next act.*Update*Well, unfortunately the second act doesn't quite live up to the first. No new locations, though the sets do change in appearance. The puzzles are quite a bit more difficult. That isn't that much of a problem, but there are some that require knowing things from two different characters that didn't make a whole lot of sense. The ending came really quick as well. Still a great game with marvelous artwork and characters, but it falls just short of greatness. That is sad because it really didn't have to."
76561198023226302,Not Recommended,232790,31871155,Posted: 20 May,all,Maz,"95% of the game I had a bad time. Mostly irritated and runnig back and forth. Not a good experience, nice graphics though."
76561197999493869,Recommended,232790,10748376,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ZeroBeatXIII,"The twist is prettasy to geuss very early on, but it doesnt spoil a fun throwbackto oldschool adventure games"
76561198061786965,Recommended,232790,24876371,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,gromly,"Almost frustrating, potential allegory for life."
76561198035593208,Recommended,232790,21841152,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,thaalien,"Broken Age, lets see, what can I say about Broken Age.......  Well it didn't suck.  It wasn't great either.  It was slightly above average if you ask me, so maybe a 6 or a 7 out of 10.  I enjoyed the story, and I wasn't turned off by the ending like so many of the nay sayers.  What I really didn't like about this game is the wire puzzle.  I was able to do it, and I only have average intelligence, but still the way the game approached solving this puzzle made it tedious and down right frustrating at times.  It should have been implemented better.  I do recommend this game, but the wire puzzle might make your eyes bleed, you have been warned."
76561198077544213,Recommended,232790,21141690,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Rachonnable,Honestly one of the best games I've ever played
,Recommended,232790,28269411,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,[51stMI] Drama.,11/10If you want a game that draws you in and doesn't let you go until its all over and you want more afterwards this is your little gem!
,Recommended,232790,20138827,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Admiral Snackbar,"""He might just be the genius I was looking for""(electronics genius that you need in act 2 for fixing the ship up) Shay- ""and, they do windows"" Worth it for that line alone xD."
76561198062278578,Recommended,232790,15708289,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Sir Shawn II,I've done nothing but shovel down ice cream with a talking spoon for eight hours.11/10 would spoon again
,Recommended,232790,15751385,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Jenn,"So this game feels incredible during the first act, but rushed and polished during the second, with some near impossible puzzles that I solved just by luck and obstination.The frame rate on cutscenes varies between 60 and 30 fps, which is quit uncomfortable, at least for me. I'm not expecting a point and click to run at 120 fps but the incosistency during the same cutscene is really disturbing.If you like Schafer's writing you are for a threat. Personally I enjoy Gibert's a lot mroe so on this game humor didn't really clicked with me.Do I recommend it? Yes, but don't buy it expecting Full Throtle. Double fine is better making 3d games now a days."
76561198004636955,Recommended,232790,15697336,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,biomerde,Wonderful story and a great experience!
76561197973052125,Recommended,232790,15704575,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Lord Dyran,"A very strong first half, and a troubled second half, but it's still a worthwhile adventure game with that classic Tim Schafer feel."
76561198173001065,Recommended,232790,15716603,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,EleanorGuthrie,it wont let me go into mom's room
,Recommended,232790,15742294,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,shogo,"A great game, all in all. In act 2, the puzzles were quite frustrating and some really didn't make much sense. But most were puzzling enough for somebody to have fun, but not too challenging that the whole game was a big knot that you couldn't get loose without somebody reading off instructions to you. *Wink* Anyway, this game has an intriguing storyline, that I didn't see coming. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes a (lot of) good puzzle(s)."
76561198145659113,Recommended,232790,15770506,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,GefliptyBrain,"What a lovely game. The puzzles are clever but not too hard, and the characterisation is a delight.The design is beautiful and soothing, the voice-acting is top-notch, and the overall story is fun and comes with a few surprises (while never getting too tense or convoluted). For me, this is a perfect kind of game for a relaxing break that involves some digital eye-candy and a few brainteasers to boot. (Plus, there is a barfing tree.)9/10"
76561198012620824,Recommended,232790,15771801,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Bob Loblaw,"This game delivers what it promised, a charmingly wacky story set in a beautiful world full of wonders.It is both funny and very fun to play. The puzzles are the big winner for me, with just the right difficulty (especially in Act 2) without being illogical or unfair.Obviously, this is a matter of personal preference, but to most of the negative reviewers here, I have this to say:Do not go to a sushi restaurant and complain that your food is cold."
76561198042721313,Recommended,232790,15749706,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,RobBoss,The game is great up until the end. That whole ending puzzle was a mess and the story ending was too abrupt and unsatisfactory. I guess they'll need more funding to finish the story. Act three I suppose? Still worth buying on sale though.
76561198026997809,Recommended,232790,15750012,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,pavel.zusko,Nice game! I really enjoing it...
,Recommended,232790,15743038,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,eli,"Broken Age is a point-click game that requires a lot of attention to detail.  I understand that as the game progresses, so does the difficulty.  However, I find that the difficult puzzles (e.g. the knot puzzle, robot wiring) came with no clear instructions, and furthermore, just dragged the story out.  Puzzles are meant for the players to feel integrated into the storyline, but the ones in act two were tedious and frustrating.  It drew me away from the initial timeline, and focused my attention onto wiring a robot to play a harp.Aside from that, Broken Age did a very good job creating quirky and fun characters.  This element brought a lot of colour to the story, and although there were some holes in the plot itself, I still enjoyed it nevertheless.  The music was fitting, but it wasn't something I'd stop playing for (too frustrated from the act two puzzles). And if you plan to play this game, make sure you have a pen and paper... And also a guide. Trust me, you're going to need it."
76561197964152755,Not Recommended,232790,16934710,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,mrpuck,"What started out as such a great adventure with an engaging story and strong plot lines, completely dismissed this formula in the 2nd half.  Puzzles became pretty bad, and much of the previous locations were reused.  It's hard to recommend this game, it unfortunately feels like they rushed it or ran out of money which may account for the long delay between Act 1 & 2.  I tend to love DoubleFine, but this was a let down."
,Not Recommended,232790,16730990,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,SardonicHedgehog,"For single-player games, my review system is almost always: if I finish a game I will give it a positive review. If I do not finish the game, I give it a negative review. The underlying assumption is that a game that holds my attention to it's end is compelling enough to recommend, warts and all.I made it through the first half of Broken Age. It had an interesting story and was easy enough to get through (even though gameplay just felt like an obstacle to story). Even though they were quirky, the characters were bland and hard for me to relate to.About a year after the first part, I started act 2. I played about 20 minutes of the second act, geting to the part where Vella floats in space reaching for a giant metal hand. I'd stopped caring about the story long since, and the characers were still bland (and quirky!). I went to eat a bagel or something and haven't touched the game since.So not recommended."
76561198013222048,Not Recommended,232790,16903661,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Nikuda64,"Finally, fiiiiiiinally I finished the game Broken Ages.It's a cute, silly, point-and-click game where a couple of brats are in undesirable situations and so are trying to change it. Player gets to play 2 different sides, capable of switching sides whenever desired to. One side involves a boy named Shay living a futuristic and OVERLY-PROTECTIVE environment. The other side involves a girl named Vella living a primitive?/modern? setting where she is a giant monster's sacrifice, but Vella is trying to kill the monster instead and free all the villages from it's terror.I started playing the game last year and it only had Act 1. Act 2 came out last April. But, I heard there were changes to Act 1, so I really can't say too much due to memory and the fact I refuse to play the game at the beginning again.The game is semi-decent to play once, but that is pretty much it. Art style was a nice painting style. It has it's funny moments, a lot of puns. Very bad puns. I like puns, but I know most people would just turn off the game due to how bad the puns were.Puzzles......I vaguely remember going through Act 1 without cheating, however in Act 2 I ABUSED the walkthrough! I try my best to figure out solutions. Playing the Ace Attorney and Professor Layton series taught me not so be so reliant since the best part IS solving a puzzle. But this flippen game has me stumped on the very first puzzle in Act 2 on Vella's part. Trial and error is the best method when it comes to these kinds of games. Part 2 was evil. It has specific directions in solving a lot of it's puzzles. I now hate cereal. For now. Until I forget that stupid puzzle.OverallGameplay: Simple, puzzles are sometimes VERY annoyingArt: clay/painting-like decentStory: silly and decent, bit repetitive on dialogue.Wouldn't hurt to play it once, but not the second time."
76561198309189955,Recommended,232790,29639848,Posted: 1 February,all,Artscapades,"I love this game, when I was first looking at it I saw a lot of reviews complaining about act 2 and the story within. I picked this up during the summer sale and decided to give it a go a couple of days ago. I was completely hooked. It has a really interesting story and delightful visuals, it is super well crafted.The negative reviews about the story in act two (such as ""anything you make up will be better"") are completely inaccurate for me. The story followed a pattern that I started to understand when I was swapping between characters and I thought the game followed a logical path.The reviews about walkthroughs in the second half are quite true. The puzzles aren't completely unrelated and I think sometimes I was actually so focused on something that I had gleaned from a brief look at the walkthrough that I missed an obvious solution to the problem I was having. The game does a good job at hinting at what the characters need if you get it wrong, but it can be entirely frustrating when you just can't see the answer, particularly like in the second half where sometimes you need something from the person you are not playing as to help the one you are playing as (but now that you know that you'll know to look for it so you might be better off already).Overall I got a little frustrated at times but I loved the clever quirks put into all of the characters and the silly outcomes of the puzzles (silly as in fun not as not matching to the rest of the story). I loved this game I would recommend it happily."
76561198054041782,Recommended,232790,16539695,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,harku1446,"I really like this game. I got it because I have played most of Double Fine's games and because of that, they gave me 2 coupons for the game so I bought it for my friend and I.In the end I'm actually really glad I did because it really was a fun game. Yeah it took forever for the second act to be released but in the end i actually felt it was worth it because the second act was just as enjoyable as the first.I really like the characters and humor and art was pretty good as well. While some of the puzzles were easy to figure out, I actually liked that the ones in the second act proved more of challenge, even though they were actually quite frustrating as well.Really if you are a fan of adventure games and feel like you would enjoy this game, then get it probably on sale or whatever price works for you.I understand that not everyone enjoyed it, but I did at least, and maybe people who didn't have to wait so long for act 2 will enjoy it more who knows. XD"
76561197983112150,Not Recommended,232790,17276344,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Mistan,A dissapointing kickstarted money Management created a dissapointing Point and click adventure game not innovating on anything just doing the same old same old ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.game feels quite cheap with few areas and little reason to go trough the endeavour.it feels like it had a good punch in the beginning but stops abruptly in the end of the first act. and goes into a dissapointing second act.Dont encourage this.
,Recommended,232790,10930300,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,francais,Reccomended.
76561198031151632,Not Recommended,232790,11003868,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,TheMoon,"This game is balls awful, half a game that will never be finished. The half you get is so easy it takes all of the fun out of it. No solid information on if/when it will be finished. All but total silence from the developers. Never supporting double fine or time schafer again after this huge pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥he took on my chest."
76561198015129314,Recommended,232790,9556184,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Bernie 2020-3030 (forever),half the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥only cool part is the sci-fi bit but its for fkn babies im not a ♥♥♥♥ing baby.
,Not Recommended,232790,17298993,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Segletgon,The first half is fantastic!Then there's the second half.
76561198025612733,Not Recommended,232790,17372704,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,pehmo,"Playing the first act felt like playing the Monkey Island 20 years ago. Same magic was going on! Game was absolutely fantastic! I was going to write extremely positive review about it.However the second act feels like rushed and it is mostly frustrating. Puzzles do not make sense like they did in the first part. During the first act point&click-veteran could figure out how to proceed with the game. During the second act there were moments when you have to point&click everything or even to find out solution from the internet to proceed. Puzzles where you had to wire electronics were extremely frustrating and felt like out of the place.As you can not recommend the game barely on the first act and the second act is plainly bad, I do not recommend this game, that is a pity."
,Not Recommended,232790,17331641,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,[RAT]_ChuChu,"Am I the only one who couldn't really get into this game? The start was slow, dull, boring and limited (I started on the spaceship). I didn't really enjoy doing any of the missions like going to save the weird things from the mountain of ice cream or doing the roller coaster bit. Even when the story started to unfold - still proper boring. I can't really comment on the story because I was bored to death before the plot even thickened. I love point and click stories but this, this was a drag, man. Am I missing something?"
76561198017168305,Recommended,232790,10265168,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Jogi,its beautiful. the music and artwork.waiting for act 2.
,Recommended,232790,10088616,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Pinkerrton,"The game is amazing, the soundtrack is beautiful, and it's pleasing to the eyes. I can not wait for act two you should most definitly get this game <3"
,Recommended,232790,15605030,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,synapse16,"A fun and beautiful game but WAY too short for the cost of the game. $20 for 5hrs of play is insane, especially since they got $3 million from fans on Kickstarter to make this game. Hopefully Act 2 makes up for this. Basically the most expensive 5hr game on Steam.It's a Yes if you have money to spend on games.It's a No if you like getting maximum value for your money."
,Not Recommended,232790,8907981,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Striker,"The Scenes were beautiful and the story was fantastic, I can not wait for act 2.Edit: .............♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197980447624,Recommended,232790,28132735,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,jedavis,"I really enjoyed this game. For me it had a few puzzles that I would have never have gotten with out cheating, and after reading the walkthrough, the answer still makes no sense. Those are rare. This game is very well written story wise, and has some top shelf voice talent."
,Recommended,232790,28134090,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,batata,"Really good! The jokes are spot on and the game is beautiful. The game could be a bit harder and longer and the art could be a bit more high-res. This, however, does not mean that the game is not good. In fact, it's quite the apposite!After playing this, I really want Tim Schaffer to make more adventure games....and to keep them point'n'click style!"
,Recommended,232790,17057749,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Zigs,"I've just completed this game. This is one of the first adventure games I have played in a very long time. I started playing the game after the second act was released, so I went right from act 1 in to act 2. I would like to note that some of the puzzles in the second act is quite a bit harder than most of the puzzles in the first act. That being said, I really enjoyed the story and the game, and I think you should at least give it a try."
,Not Recommended,232790,18090169,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Waddle_Dee,Act 1: YesAct 2: ♥♥♥♥ NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOo
76561198095359816,Recommended,232790,17161681,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,rousewst,it was good
,Recommended,232790,16624377,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,AMX,"I've been a big fan of Double Fine's games for a good number of years now, and I knew there was a lot of hype surrounding this game. I decided not to play the game until the whole thing was out, just so I'd be able to experience the whole story. So...does this game live up to the standards of some of Double Fine's previous works?Well...yes and no.I'll start with all the good things about this game. First of all, this game is visually beautiful. It really does look like a painting brought to life. All the characters stand out, and they each have their own designs and distinguishing characteristics. Speaking of the characters, I really liked the voice work in this game. It was fun hearing the likes of Elijah Wood, Jack Black, Richard Horvitz, Jennifer Hale, Masasa Moyo, and David Kaufman all in one game. All the dialogue contains that Double Fine charm that you can find in their other games.But then you get into things like the story, and some of the puzzles, and that's where things start to feel a little...sloppy. The puzzles in the first half are, for the most part, easy to figure out on your own (at least for me). But then in the second half, there are puzzles that require you to go back and forth, trying to pick up on very miniscule clues and doing a lot of memorizing. And while the game's overall story starts off pretty interesting, it just sort of runs out of gas by the second half, and gives us a lot of plot holes. Namely (SPOILER ALERT!)...so, we're just supposed to ignore that Shay's parents lied to him about being artificial intelligences for most of his life?So, in the end, if you're a fan of Double Fine's other games, you should probably give this game a shot. Is it visually and audibly appealing? For sure. Is the game's story as good as, say, ""Psychonauts,"" ""Costume Quest,"" or ""The Cave""? Well...no. But if you can get past that part of it, ""Broken Age"" is still a pretty solid game which, sadly, seems to be the victim of too much hype. Overall, I'd recommend it."
,Not Recommended,232790,13450946,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Mr Two Million,"Is half-done, simple puzzles, misleading advertising ""Is a classic adventure game like in the old times!"" - Totally a lie.Double Fine? never again."
,Not Recommended,232790,13452176,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Saareth,Another yet not_ever_finished double-fine game. Still recomend you NEVER buy any game of this guys until they release it.
,Not Recommended,232790,19352736,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,EphremZein,This is the last time I fund a kickstarter.
,Recommended,232790,9176627,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Ren Hana,"The puzzles aren't completely insane like most of it's genre, as I didn't need to use a walkthrough, but still enough to keep you scratching your head for ten minutes or longer at times.  The story seems fairly predictable but with a twist that'll make your reaction be similar to one of the characters by the end of the first act.  Plus with act two coming out for free makes it worth to get.  The major drawback is the price tag being twenty-five dollars and myself managing to finish the first act quickly, only taking a little over three hours, even without walkthroughs for the game and taking my time following all dialogue trees I could follow.  I'd recomend this game either on sale or with a coupon at most to get the time per dollar value but over all an amazing game to play!"
,Not Recommended,232790,20339987,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,BombTheDodongos,Act 1 is great. Act 2 just devolves into insanely cryptic puzzle-guessing that is more trial and error than anything else.
76561198093813860,Not Recommended,232790,20309387,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Chickieeboom,Part 2 was a long awaited let down.
76561197983817188,Not Recommended,232790,20267824,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Hanover,"After watching the documentary, I get that a lot of blood, sweat and tears went into making this game.  Unfortunately, part 2 does not deliver on what part 1 set up.  I totally empathize with what they went through, but I have to be honest here.  I was extremely let down by this  game.I feel like we got the outline of an interesting story.  The two main character's worlds are explained fairly well.  Unfortunately the antagonist's isnt, and instead is simply summarized through dialog...and even then it's still not explained very well.  Imagine if a character is on a journey to a destination, and when they finally get there, the only thing you get to see is an exterior shot and nothing else.  That pretty much sums it up.  There were some major, ""Hey!  What about the so and so's trapped in the you know where?"" type of plotholes that were never resolved.There's also an extremely frame-breaking puzzle mechanic introduced in part 2.  Characters A and B are completely separated with no way to communicate.  Yet Character A has puzzles with solutions that only Character B has information about.  So when Character B looks at an inventory item, you have to use information about that item so Character A can solve the puzzle.  I was literally stumped for a couple of hours because I didn't think Tim would actually break that kind of rule.  It made absolutely zero sense in the story so why should it be possible?  When I finally gave in and used walkthrough to find an answer, I literally put the game away for a few months.  I was suddenly disinterested because it's cheating the story just to make the puzzle harder.Anyways, after I finished watching the documentary, I decided to start over and finish Broken Age.  I was even more excited now that I got a glimpse at how it was made!   Maybe I was wrong.  Maybe that was just one puzzle that was bad.  Well, it turns out several puzzles break the narrative.  The end of this game has two characters coordinating an attack who aren't in communication at all!  Seriously!  It felt like I was playing an old Sierra puzzle game called Gobliiins.  Get these characters in the right places and push the buttons and pull the levers to continue.  Couldn't Tim just put some sort of communication device in the story that allowed them to communicate in some fashion?  I think it would have led to better story telling as our characters actually got to know each other.I'm even more disappointed after seeing so many likeable people put a lot of time and energy into this and to come up with something that feels 77% complete.  The art and the music are superb.  The voice acting is top notch.  Unfortunately the part two's puzzle felt like busy work (seriously, once I demonstrate I get the gist of it, I shouldn't have to go through all the steps over and over again) and felt like they focussed more energy on making puzzles harder and less time developing the story.So I cannot recommend this game at full price.  I'd definitely wait for it to go on sale.  I never thought I'd say that about a Tim Schafer game..."
,Recommended,232790,18348163,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Lee,One of the best point and click adventures that I ever played!-awesome story with mind blow effect-cute character design-good voice acting-you can decide which story you want to play first-and it's very funny
,Recommended,232790,18460035,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Wolf Fivousix,"Score: 9/10Old school point and click fully voiced over and with amazing art. The game is basically a story full of puzzles that you have to solve in order to go on. While the act 1 is composed mostly by plot ""weaving"" and character background information, act 2 is much more focused on puzzles.People deprecate act 2 mostly by the pacing and lack of story telling compared to act 1, but from a player perspective I spent most of my time solving act 2 puzzles than act 1 ""fetch and deliver""."
76561198123315918,Recommended,232790,18318817,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Squid Sqwad,"AMAZING!!! I was entertained throughout this game. The art is awesome and the charcters are so intriguing. The only part I disliked was the ending. I wanted them to talk more and I have no idea how they got back home. All in all, I loved it. It's challening, creative, and heart warming. :)"
,Recommended,232790,18353253,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Purple Tentacle,"Great characters, well written story some really good puzzles - if you like old school Graphic Adventures, of course you MUST play this Tim Schafer soon-to-be classic!"
76561198120730143,Recommended,232790,18360359,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Kvakkerdo,"I bought the game after both acts were published. So I have not experienced the ""big disappointment"" of act 2 after a year of waiting. Some of the critisism is valid, but overall it is a good adventure game. A rating of 73/100 seems accurate."
76561198022681251,Recommended,232790,18421133,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,tafxyz,Fun & enjoyable.Easy to use interface and engaging story.
76561198124188002,Recommended,232790,18440601,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,CrazyDiamond85,"I've read many complains about this game before playing it, but, as many and many times has occured to me (in music and cinema too), the reviews did not reflect my personal feeling about the product, I just enjoyed Broken Age from start to finish. Puzzles are not ""terrible"" as someone wrote around, there are clues everywhere, just listen to what the characters are talking about and explore the rooms, that's the nature of point & click games, isn't it? If you're not lazy but curious about understanding the mechanism behind new stuff by yourself you won't need any guide to play this game, all puzzle were fair I think, or at least they were for me."
,Recommended,232790,18672674,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,GamerX,The most beautiful adventure game ever!!
,Recommended,232790,18782800,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Snow,"Great game! I would really like to leave some spoiler here, but in the middle of it, it turns from something, lets say confusing, to the greatest story ever. a must-buy game (of course, if you are into this kind of games)"
76561197983979161,Recommended,232790,18350611,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,USA Guerrilla,Great story. Good acting. Good riddles.
,Recommended,232790,18433307,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,SpookyTengu,"Tim Schafer, the man just CAN'T make a bad game. This game is oozing with brilliance. It contains the interesting story, fun characters, and great gameplay that Double Fine is famous for. I don't want to spoil anything for this game so just buy it and play for yourself!"
76561198053184615,Recommended,232790,18418239,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,ma fonts,"Great game! Nice storytelling, great characthers and beautiful graphics! Highly recommended!"
76561198028559648,Recommended,232790,22929846,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Kotor613,"Absolutely perfect game with an amazing story, challenging puzzles and beatiful graphics!"
76561198047046888,Recommended,232790,22843075,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,TiqTaq,"The game is beautiful, but also ugly...The first thing you will notice about this game, whether you're playing it or looking at screenshots and footage, is the undeniable beauty this game exudes. This beauty is found in everything, from the distinct art style that is both shocking and comforting, to the humourously written script that kept me chuckling and shocked by it's delightful twists and turns. The gameplay is engaging and rewarding through the adbundant player interactions and the logical puzzles... of the first Act. The second Act though I'm not so sure.I couldn't help but feel cheated by the second Act's puzzles. The first Act provides the player with just enough information to suggest the plan of attack for solving it, but not so much that you feel that your hand is being held through it. I didn't mind progressing, at I perceived to be a slow pace, during the first Act because I didn't feel I was being cheated by the puzzle's logic. I felt that if I was ""stuck"" for long enough the game gave a subtle enough nudge in the right direction for me to get their on my ""own"". On the other hand, the second Act felt punishing in some ways because the same level of information feedback was not provided to the player. Instead it felt like I was either left flopping around frustrated because I wanted to keep enjoying the bountiful world before me, to the point where I was simply employing a process of elimination for ""solving"" the puzzle, leaving me feeling cheap and unaccomplished.In summary, this is a wonderful game. I will reccommend it to all as I feel it certainly has a lot to offer, a wide range of different players. The artists within you will love the colourful, but psychotic world before you. The logician within you will enjoy MOST of the puzzles and adventurous players will enjoy an unfamiliar experience that I'm confident, the majority of modern gamers haven't experienced before; the point-and-click adventure game. If you do heed my suggestions, beware of some puzzles that will leave you broken."
76561198009932028,Recommended,232790,22639411,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Chrollo,"By reading the reviews I expected the game to start really sucking during the second half, but that didn't happen at all. I thought the second half was just as lovely as the first and both together create two halves of a great story.While it is true that there seems to be a missing third arc, the game does fine without it. You understand the underlying plot just fine without having to actual see the bad guys get taken down. It completes the personal stories of the two main characters and that feels fine.Personally I loved the spaceship and was intrigued constantly by everything about it. The design and concept behind the whole thing is just amazing and the game was fun just to get to explore that thing.All in all I loved this game, and I think everyone is being way too hard on it. People complain about the difficulty of puzzles in the second half, but if you're a Adventure game regular you won't have too much trouble. (Granted there is a robot wiring puzzle which is confusing as all hell and even when you understand it you basically HAVE to write things down on a physical piece of paper to complete it which is reeeaaal old school.) I can understand why people who hate it for that."
,Recommended,232790,22901934,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Aikill,"I really loved the story! Always love puzzle games. At the end I had to backtrack alot to get some stuff to be able to continue.. only downside. But other than that AWESOME GAME! It's a real challenge to get the clues en find your stuff, but that's what I really love."
,Recommended,232790,22902511,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,The Idiosyncratic Ai,"10/10! I LOVE this game, it quickly became one of my favourites. If you like point & click games then you should definitely get this."
76561198004910957,Recommended,232790,18368663,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Biclops15,"This is the first review I have ever written. Before this I have just never felt like I needed to share my opinion about games with others. To get to the chase, Broken Age is a fantastic game. If you were to add more verbs and pixelate the game, I would have believed that it was a classic point and click adventure from the 90's. The story and visuals are incredibly original with beautiful voice acting. Tim Schafer and Double Fine seem to be the only names in originallity regarding the games industry and really don't get enough credit for it. I would also highly recommend watching the documentary about the making of the game by 2 Player Productions. If you weren't satisfied with the game before for whatever reason (I've heard a lot of bogus and childish reasons) then maybe seeing how the game was concieved and cared for through it's development might give you a new appreciation for it."
,Recommended,232790,18445499,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,KingBruce,"fun,relaxing,relatable characters and an amzing story car't ask for a better game :D"
,Recommended,232790,18373004,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Brol3,Excellent adventure game
76561197970345755,Recommended,232790,18560952,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,scoop20906,"Yes, I enjoyed the quality and attention to detail put into this game. The air and sound is top notch. Everything just looks and sounds great. The puzzles are well done but they are still puzzle games so I still needed to look for hints. I don't feel cheated for that. The difference in the story from Act 1 to Act 2 was jarring to me espcially after the long wait for Act 2 to come out. If you purchase the game now and play but Acts in sequence it might make more sense to you. Overall, I'm happy I played this game and experienced this story."
76561198253551299,Recommended,232790,18318876,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,sahinovicalisa,its amazing i didnt even know the game existem until i saw it on steam it caught my eye right away i have no idea why people are saying its bad its amazing some of the puzzles are hard to figue out but all you have to do is think outside the box and by the way the scrips are hilaroius they made me laugh and once even cry its amazing i suggest you buy it
76561198094929671,Recommended,232790,18319232,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Radish,"Really enjoyed it. Nice style, much different look than games I usually play. Pretty funny sometimes but only a few moments where I actually laughed out loud. Some really subtle stuff totally in my direction.It's a puzzle game, but some of the puzzles make no sense at all or you miss something so I had to check out the walkthrough (partially because I was afraid the game was broken like when I was stuck in Oakvale playing Fable 2). The game world is pretty small so don't get your hopes up too much.My PC specs are way lower (dual core, 4GB ram, NVIDIA GT630 2GB) than what was reccommended and the game worked mostly fine, only problem I had was a horizontal line in the middle of my screen which I hardly noticed (I am using linux).I got it for $10, totally worth it. Video games are good for your self esteem ;)"
76561198083978930,Recommended,232790,18372458,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,blatantFinocchio,"I bought this game because it was on discount and at first I thougt I was a bit crazy to play a kids game. Turns out this is an epic adventure worth 10hrs of cuteness, mild humor, great voice acting and some tough puzzles. The story is boring at first, disappointing in the end, but in between... At one point I was just shocked along with both characters in the game and we all waited in silence for someone to explain what the hell is going on.And for that, this game is worth the price!"
76561198091747337,Recommended,232790,18446128,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Magic Miller,"If you love Tim Schafer, you'll love this :D"
,Recommended,232790,18477369,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Yours Sincerely,"Lovely game with a great art style and fun, entertaining puzzles. A real gem, as only a Tim Schafer game can be.If you fancy something both interesting and a change of pace from a lot of other games around I'd definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,232790,18490275,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,ThatGuyWhoGames,"I really enjoyed my playthrough of Broken Age. A lot of games nowadays have trouble holding my attention for extended periods of time unless I've already previously invested a lot of time in them. However, when I picked up Broken Age, I fell in love with it right away. It's visual art style as well as its voice talent brought me in, and I stayed for the comical yet engaging storytelling. The characters are also likeable, not two-dimensional but rather have depth to them which adds to the immersion that the game tries to present, especially the game's two protagonists, Shay and Vella. The puzzles did not feel like a chore: they felt challenging yet fair, and when completed, made me feel good about solving them, rather then feeling as though I had lifted a burden off of my shoulders like other games. The puzzles started off simple and later on grew in scale, encompassing (at some points) both of the game's protagnists to solve puzzles, which was an interesting game mechanic in itself. Would definetely recommend, especially to those who have yet to try point and click adventure games."
76561198107476211,Recommended,232790,18707626,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,amandared180,That was a good game that i play ever.
76561198034746837,Recommended,232790,18780623,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Peace,"Broken Age is a well thought out story with mild to medium level puzzles to solve. If you have played Monkey Island or Myst then this game won't be that much of a surprise. What sets it apart is the story telling and humor. The game pulls both aspects off effortlessly. I would definitely recommend this game because it's not overpriced for the quality. Let's face it, the subway sandwiches you WOULD have spent the money on would only last you 20 minutes, whereas this game will give you hours of honest to goodness fun."
76561198044604768,Recommended,232790,13805423,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DaintyGamer,Really cute game with beautiful artwork and interesting feature of switching between two stories.I would definitely recommend and can't wait for part 2 to come out!
,Recommended,232790,13837020,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,PuppyLove2413,"I recommend this game because it is beautiful, fun to play, and has a very interesting story.  What I didn't like about it was that the puzzles were very easy and the adventure part of it was not as good as some other point and click games like Monkey Island.  I would say definitly worth buying if you can get it on sale! With only the first half of the game out, I don't think its work the full $25."
,Recommended,232790,12225353,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Knight-Captain Biscuit,
,Not Recommended,232790,13286640,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,grumbel,"Act 1:The first hour of the game is pretty terrible, as there are no puzzles and hardly any user interaction, you are basically clicking your way through a cartoon and not a good one, as there is a ton of repetition. It does get better later on as the game opens up and you are allowed to run around on your own, but it still never quite captures what made the classical LucasArts adventure great.In terms of interface it feels disappointing and like a step backward for the genre. You don't have a dialogue-skip button and can only skip full cutscenes, that makes it far to easy to skip over important content. And the lack of a dedicated view-action means you aren't allowed to inspect the environment properly. There isn't a hotspot-highlight button either. All of that have been standard parts of most modern point&click games.Graphically the game is ok, but just barely so. The sprites all look really flat and cheaply animated (i.e. what you expect from Flash animation) and the backgrounds show some ugly pixelation when the camera zooms in. On the plus side the game does a lot of camera motion to keep things interesting and it has quite a few custom animation.All that said, I did start having fun with the game before the end. As once the game opens up and you get a little more familiar with the characters and the overall situation it starts to feel more like a proper point&click game. If they can improve a little on that this might turn on into a really good adventure game. But compared to all the stuff Daedalic has put out this just doesn't really look all that impressive and as a callback to the classic days it kind of fails, as it feels to watered down and artsy for it's own good. It's still good enough to recommend it, just don't expect a worthy successor to the LucasArts adventures.Act 2:Continues exactly where the first one left off. There are no updates to the interface, graphics or anything. Puzzles are this time a little harder then before, but not in a good way. There is a lot of walking forward and backward through scenes and it can be easy to miss a critical clue. The game is also filled with time based puzzles and puzzles that require correct setup or else they reset, this leads to a lot of repetition and frustration due to the lack of proper dialogue skip. Good inventory based puzzles don't really exist and the game doesn't really do much with the character switching either. You can play each character almost completely separate from the other and outside the very last sequence they never interact.As far as setting is concerned, act 2 reuses most locations from act 1 with some small changes. There is very little new happening here and the story reveal feels pretty ""meh"", as it doesn't really open up any new areas or anything. The whole mythology of that world feels pretty underdeveloped and not really explained enough. The ending feels like there would be an Act 3 to follow that plugs those holes, but there isn't one.Overall this isn't a horrible adventure by any means and it has it's moments, but it's pretty mediocre and certainly not up to classical LucasArts quality and with all the simplification going on in the interface it feels like they weren't even trying to get there.On the positive side: The game runs flawlessly on Linux with Open Source ATI drivers."
,Recommended,232790,16577331,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,PaulDoymin,7/10
,Recommended,232790,25518338,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Lunatar,"Who wouldn't love a game where one of your friends is a talking spoon? Beautiful art style, interesting storyline and a good soundtrack. Suitable for all ages, though some of the puzzles can be challenging."
,Recommended,232790,16460298,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Myrhial,"An original world and story for a comical yet endearing point-and-click adventure. While I wish they'd done more with the interaction between both worlds (you can play most of the game without it) it was none the less nice to have two storylines that are connected and form a whole. Some of the later puzzles were a little vague (this seems to be what is prompting some down-voting), and a hint system would have been nice here, but overall this wasn't too hard a game if you can stand some trial-and-error."
76561198180262963,Recommended,232790,15918367,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,HappyHamster,Very fun
76561198077785658,Recommended,232790,15919030,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,escalinci,"Extremely pretty, good characters, but as it develops it turns out to be less fascinating.  Sometimes mechanically repetitive/awkward, puzzles sometimes more obtuse than ingenious, definitely worthwhile but only if you like this sort of thing."
,Recommended,232790,16463285,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,cjclivio,"I jumped on Broken Age near release. I'm a huge fan of Double Fine and a large portion of the cast in this game. I was also interested in playing another game with the 'painted' style graphics as well as trying other types of point-and-click adventures. This game was released in 2 acts. Act one was amazing; such an intriguing tale matched with great dialogue and fun problem solving. It took me a good chunk of time to make it to the end without cheating! Now about Act 2..I've seen a lot of hate for Act 2 so don't let that scare you away from the game, but.. There was a solid delay in the release of Act 2 and because of that I found the well crafted story that was half-told and full of mystery from Act one, well, a little hard to remember. I didn't totally forget what happened but almost all character sentimate was lost and I was very much detatched from all of the characters that I know I loved at the end of Act 1. This doesn't effect the person purchasing this game after release of both acts though. Where I feel act 2 gets most of it's hate is the way the story changes and even the puzzles. You get the answers to the questions raised in Act 2 but if you're like me at all you're not totally happy with what you get. Without giving anything away it's a bit dissapointing and super underwhelming. It seemed like an utter lack of creativity compared to Act 1. Also, the puzzels do very much increase in difficulty during progression of the game but in Act 2 the answers to the puzzles make the story completely unbelievable. This is fiction but the puzzles around the end can only be solved by a player who is taking advantage of having the perspectives of both protagonists which leaves you wondering how the characters could have ever figured any of this out. By the end they're practically working together without any communication at all just because you, the player, are controlling them.Anyway, that's how I feel about Broken Age. I still give it a thumbs up even though the second half did not meet the expectations set by the first the game as a whole was very good and half-way stellar. I definitely recommend it, especially now that both Acts have been released."
76561198044498254,Recommended,232790,15920282,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,A Good Communist,RIP Grabbin' Gary.Never forget.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYIAfiVGluk
,Recommended,232790,16301254,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Bombastosaurus,I thoroughly enjoyed the cute characters and clever puzzles.
76561198042223711,Recommended,232790,16287211,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,rob,lol
,Recommended,232790,16295039,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,SuperPayne,"Funny writing, wonderful art, challenging puzzles. Great game"
76561198008653022,Not Recommended,232790,15926730,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Heimerdinger,wanna know the epic ending?:)  (:
,Recommended,232790,16126800,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,gunsage,"I haven't played act 2 on this yet.  Actually, I'm starting over because now there's achievements.  That said, even if the second act is utterly and completely rushed and derivative, it doesn't matter.  That's just how great the first act is.  The game is funny, clever, and has great puzzles and dialogue, everything a classic or modern adventure game should be."
76561197997533985,Recommended,232790,15919407,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,duganalexzander,"Good story, fun characters, lots of witty dialogue. The puzzles, especially in act II, are all simple yet deceptively challenging. Exploration of all available areas will pay off.Highly recommend this game."
76561198081338188,Recommended,232790,16063705,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,RoKMod,"This game is brilliant in the way it gives you a fantasy / sci-fi world which you must discover by looking and talking to your surroundings. The puzzles in the game are extremely interesting, especially because a lot of them have to do with you thinking outside the boundaries of reality in order to solve sequences. This is also a multi-aged game. If you have kids, then they can play it and enjoy the game, while also being satisfying to adults. Very fun game, and worth a buy given its price."
76561198033647876,Recommended,232790,16233166,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Bees,"I love this game. It's not perfect, but it is everything I hoped it would be.  What really makes this game so good is how well it controls. It's just a pleasure to play. They have really refined the genre in terms of gameplay. It also looks stunning. The art style is beautiful, every area of the game is interesting to look at and explore. The voice acting is also brilliant, including some big names.There are some things I wasn't asa impressed with. The story is better in act 1 but I found the puzzles too easy. In act 2 the story gets a bit weird and seems a bit forced, but the puzzles are a lot better and some had me stumped for a while, which was nice.It's definitely worth the price and it's definitely worth a play. I had been in a gaming rut, with nothing new really exciting me. Playing Broken Age got me excited about games again, you can tell a lot of passion went into making it and it's really just a nice game to play."
,Recommended,232790,15911668,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Shady Boots,"So the game has finally come to fruition. I can't really say anything bad about Act 1 because I loved it so much. Still do. Act 2, however... While I didn't NOT like it, I didn't love it either. I'm still left with many unanswered questions.Also, I appreciated the fact that they wanted to make more challenging puzzles, but GOOD LORD were there some frustrating puzzles in Act 2. My goodness. I was ready to bash my monitor in at some points, because a handful of these puzzles required nothing more than trial and error, which for someone who has zero patience like me, is insufferable.Otherwise though, I suppose the game wrapped up nicely. Act 1 is still far more superior in my eyes, but I really liked going into Act 2 and seeing all those characters again, how much they developed."
76561198035913360,Recommended,232790,35240264,Posted: 27 September,all,Magic Martin,"8/10Broken age is another great game by Double Fine Productions, the creators of Psychonauts, Brütal Legend, Grim Fandango and Maniac Mansion. Like the previously mentioned games, this one also tells a funny story with good puzzles and writing. It's quite well paced and looks very cute with a unique artstyle that is very pleasing to look at.It tells two stories about a boy and a girl whose fates become intertwined in a compelling story about life, death and views on moral and ethics. It never becomes preachy with it's light-hearted tone and witty dialogue.Some puzzles feel unfair at times (I'm looking at you, shoes on a ladder) and it's not perfect per sé, but it does it's job very well and doesn't take itself so seriously. Give it a buy if you like point and click-adventures and miss the old days of puzzles and writing."
,Recommended,232790,24287039,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,cassiafn,The story has a great plot twist between part 1 and 2. Parallel storylines makes it interesting too. The first part of Shay's story is kinda boring but Vella's story is always interesting. It's worth. The ending disappointed me a little bit.
,Recommended,232790,8952531,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Nellodee,"Fantastic game! The art is beautiful, dialogues are funny and witty, and so much attention to details!Can't wait for the second part!"
,Recommended,232790,15035210,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Special Baby,"Really good game! A kind of story I've never seen before, and some fantastic jokes and characters!10/10 fantastic cutlery and poop jokes!"
,Not Recommended,232790,12380882,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,quidgy,"Cool graphics and music, but the game is more clicking and listening to dialogue than anything else. I found it boring and couldn't stick with it for long."
,Not Recommended,232790,12868286,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Yung Gyatso,"I enjoyed this game so so much. It's honestly beautiful. But, for the love of god, wait for the second episode. The first half is to short to be priced at $25."
,Recommended,232790,15631701,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,КЕФИР,If Shay is short name from Schafer.And parents of Shay have same names of parents of Schafer.And Shay and Vella some sort of love story.Is that means that Tim Schafer loves strong black womans?
,Recommended,232790,12247809,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Rock1m1,"I always thought that I started gaming while playing the platforming genre like Mario and Sonic the Hedgehog being one of my favorite series of all time. As I thought about it for a minute, I remember I used to play a certain type of game even earlier than that. It involved using the mouse to click on parts of the environment to move your character, interact with it and solve puzzles. I never knew the name of the genre until a few years later when it peaked my curiosity enough to Google it. The genre was appropriately called 'Point and Click adventure games'.So why it was so hard for me to pinpoint the genre? Well, gaming between now and then exploded in a ton of different genres, which further splintered into a variety of subgenres. Between all this chaotic explosion of genres, one got caught in the crossfire and badly wounded to the point it almost got killed, yes you know what genre I am talking about.After more than a decade after that incident, the folks at Double Fine used their powers of necromancy toKickstart the Heartof the genre back to life. They had to tap into the power of hundreds and thousands of souls to make it happen. Ok, I am very dramatic here but it kinda works doesn't it! The crowd funded Kickstarter campaign was a huge success, not only they greatly exceeded the funds to make their original vision of the game possible, but they kept on breaking all kinds of Kickstarter records in the process. The additional capital went further into making the game we all deserved but never asked for...or something like that.So how is the game? Double Fine crafted a beautiful imaginative world with colorful characters while some carrying surprisingly muted intentions. It tells a story about a boy and a girl from two entirely different environments, yet facing the exact same problem: being captive in one's fate, as they both try to defy the fate placed upon themselves.The world looks hand-drawn and reminds me of the story books I used to gross over as a child with the smallest of details carrying the biggest impressions. What is brilliant is how Double Fine lays down such a mature tale through the light hearted visuals and very simplistic and pleasing audio cues.As someone who played a lot of adventure games when he was a kid, but sadly gone out of touch with it - because of lack of such games out in the market. I got stuck in a couple of  puzzles, some of them took more than hour for me to figure it out!  I took about 6 hours or so to finish the first act. Your milage may vary depending on how good you are at solving the puzzles.If I had a gripe with this game, it is how much you are limited in solving the puzzles: I wish the game was a bit more open to clever to players out there. At times I felt I had the tools to handle a situation in an alternate way, but the game never really responded to such ideas. I know the game is playing it to it's well documented traditions, but I wish the game explored a bit further out the boundaries of this genre like this without taking away it's heart.For the asking price of 25$, it might put off a lot of people off considering the short ride they are getting. The ride may be short, but it is a much more memorable. They could have easily went the road most other games take by stretching the length with filler content, but they didn't. Not a single time in the game I felt it was wasted, it is even more true for games of this class as any sort of filler content will distract it further from it's puzzle solving elements. So what are you waiting for? Hop in the Double Fine express for a beautiful journey that you won't be forgetting anytime soon!"
,Recommended,232790,9503641,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Insomniac Doze,"Protip: beat Shay scenario first and then Vella's, it'll be more interesting."
,Recommended,232790,18288297,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Snus,"Many people complain about Act 2 and how Tim Schafer failed to deliver. While the second part of the game could certainly be better, Broken Age is still one of the best adventure games ever made. If you believe that Monkey Island, Full Throttle or Grim Fandango were more cool, then you need to think of this: memories of the game are usually better than the game itself."
,Not Recommended,232790,29987191,Posted: 17 February,all,Jero,"This is a bad game. The story is about a boy who lives in a spaceship and pretend plays to be a hero while in a different location a girl is about to be sacrificed to a monster that appears every fourteen years. These two events seem to be unrelated but I predicted the twist within five minutes of the game. The protagonists are boring and have very little personality. The supporting cast isn't very memorable either and feels wasted especially when you consider the people they hired to do voicework. Jack Black sounds unrecognizable, Elijah Wood sounds drugged and I don't even know what the point was of Wil Wheaton. The world is underdeveloped and feels empty with very little unique characters or even unique voices to talk to. This makes the puzzles tedious to solve.Also where did the 3.3 million dollarydoos go."
,Not Recommended,232790,9130010,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,jeffrobot494,Boring.
,Recommended,232790,19066880,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Emblem Parade,"This is a delightful point-and-click adventure. Its strengths are story, superb art and animation, top-notch voice acting, and lush original music. The puzzles are more of a mixed bag: some really great ones, but also a few that don't make much sense and may prove frustrating with a lot of going back and forth.But, if you like point-and-click adventures, you are sure to enjoy this one. I recommend it. The tone is family-friendly (with a few sly jokes) and endearing. It may remind you in this respect of Machinarium and Botanicula, though voice acting and plenty of dialog really beef up the production.So, what's up with all these bizarrely negative reviews? This game had a lot of hype, and was poorly managed along the way (it was originally released in two ""acts"" and took a total of three years to make), which led to some inflated expectations about and misdirected anger towards the final product. Some people seemed to expect this to be the greatest point-and-click adventure of all time, and when it didn't turn out that way, slammed the game.Jut ignore all that noise: it's not the best point-and-click adventure of all time, but definitely worth your time and money. The game absolutely deserves a ""thumbs up,"" even if it has frustrating moments.I also suspect that some of the negative reviews come from people who just don't appreciate the genre: point-and-click adventuring has always been based on 1) thinking logically, and when that fails 2) trying to use every object on every other object, and finally 3) going: d'oh, why didn't I think of that! If you don't enjoy this kind of gameplay, this is not the game that will convert you. It adheres to all the conventions of the genre, just with exceptionally high production values.Finally, I'd like to thank the developers for supporting Linux!"
,Recommended,232790,12494699,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,mrspike,It is a bit short and the end is Phychonauts levels disapointing. But inspite of all of that it's a boat load of fun! Can't wait for the second half!
76561198053231698,Recommended,232790,15611220,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,eyeofcrazy,a very fun point and click that has a funny and interesting that makes me not want to put it down.
76561198060865536,Recommended,232790,15608687,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,loganharris22,"Very good game. Entertaining and looks amazing. If you already own it definitely go back to the beginning and play it again. Only question is, can we PLEASE get Psychonauts 2 already, or at least an hd remake of the original. There is absolutely tons of demand for either."
,Recommended,232790,15610485,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,✠Dovar✠,Broken Age Act 1- Too Easy- Beautyful Graphics- Too Short- Amazing Soundtrack- Interesting StoryBroken Age Act 2- Ridiculous Trial&Error Puzzles- Beautyful Graphics- Too Long because of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ puzzles- Amazing Soundtrack- Interesting Story- Ending is very disappointingThis game is actually pretty good
76561198068465411,Recommended,232790,14884209,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Egotistical Raven,"I was first drawn to this game because of how nice the hand-painted graphics were, it was one of those games that I purchase because of some completely superficial reason over the aesthetically pleasing graphics. I just finished playing a game and I was thinking of which one to try next, so I picked this game, because it looked like it would be nice and short.When I started playing it, it was almost nothing that I expected, the only exception being the graphics. For the first few minutes the absurdity and childishness of both of the protagonists decor was quite deterring, but after learning of the background it became quite atmospheric and fitting. The decor only helped to further the air of being plunged into the insanity that the other characters created.As the game progresses more and more twists intrigue you to continue further in the game and to find out more. The puzzles can be quite tedious in some parts, but they can easily be conquered with a guide or some hints from the internet, if you don't feel like completing them yourself.This game was for quite a long time in the making, but the end product is worth the wait and now that it is finished the long wait is merely the past. I would also suggest that you don't wait through the credits unless you either backed the kickstarter or you find usernames amusing.Broken Age is a great game that if you ever get the chance or ever become intrigued by it, you should buy and play it, it's worth the money and the time."
,Not Recommended,232790,20458119,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)ami,Half a point and click adventure.
,Not Recommended,232790,15631702,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Ibubbas,"First off I felt cheated when they broke the game up into act's after taking so much money to make the game, and taking forever to do it. I played Act 1 however and it was pretty damn good I was mad when it was over because I was so anxious to see the conclusion, and here we are Act II of Broken Age. It has been a year or more since I played Act 1 so I wasnt even excited for Act !!, on top of that it is under par at best.  Act II just makes no sense and the puzzles arent even fun. You have to play some of each character to figure out clues to puzzles for the other mind you they have no communication with each other so how does that even work.The main point of this review is do not waste your money on this game its to late for some of us who got suckered into this awefull game so dont you fall for the trickery. There are far better adventure games out there play Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis an oldie and far better than this game."
,Recommended,232790,15604593,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ThisCrab,"brokenage is a good game & thruoughout this essay i will prove it to youparagraph 1:broken age has very many characters. sometimes u play a videogame that only has two or three characters (example: super mario brothers) all it has its mario and green mario. BORING. brkenage has many characters such as the cool girl and the computer lady and the wolfhead guy.  that makes it a good game.paragraph 2:the graphics are nice to look upon.  sometimes u play a videogame that has crap graphix (such as: mario 1. everything's all blocky and it looks like it was made with an old windows xp computer.  brokenage has nice nice pictures and that makes it agood game.paragraph3:my mom said it lookd good. i showd her a screenshot of it and she said it looked like something she would play, but she dosnt have much time because she is very busy today okay (don't ask me!!)i tried to show her supermario but she had 2 go to work again.in conclusion, i think you will hav efound that because the graphix and the characters and because moms like it that broken age is one  of the best.thank you for reading my essaysincerelyjoseph gordon levitt"
76561198044668132,Recommended,232790,15619753,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Knightmare,"A beautifully drawn game, delightful puzzles, and some more serious tones underneath such a gorgeous story, this game is a must."
,Recommended,232790,14456544,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Karma,ITS FINALLY OUT 11/10 FOR IT COMING OUT AT ALL!
,Recommended,232790,13764743,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,GooseAttack,"The good: Fantastic art direction, amazing voice talent, engaging story, simple gameplay.The bad: Frustrating 'use object with everything you can think of' gameplay, overly obtuse puzzles, breaks off before delivering on story.It may be that I'm getting old and no longer have the patience for puzzle games, but I can't help but feel that Broken Age's strengths are the fantastic story, art and characterization, and that the puzzle mechanics actually get in the way and detract from that experience (I had to resort to a walkthrough a couple of times, which broke the immersion somewhat) and there are a few sections of the game that feel a bit rushed or, rather, too hastily progressed through.The cliffhanger ending will hopefully be resolved in part 2, but as it stands it can feel a little unsatisfying as there's no real resolution provided for the situations the characters have created.Those points aside, it's still an interesting experience and one I'm glad I had."
76561198043707321,Recommended,232790,8936569,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,ryanrules125,"This game is great. The soundtrack is beautifully orchestrated, the art looks like a storybook gone to life, and the story blends seriousness with humor. After I started Broken Age, I played for 5 hours without any breaks. I was so engaged into it, I didn't realize what time it was or how long I had been playing. I finished Broken Age in a day, and now I'm speculating how the next act will play out, due to the cliffhanging end to the first act. Broken Age is great, except it just seemed a little short. Hopefully Act 2 will make up for that."
,Recommended,232790,15642527,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,AlwaysTiim |,Am I the only one that liked this game ?
,Recommended,232790,15120005,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,monkeymoberg,Good.
76561198055070513,Recommended,232790,8940815,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Hakati The Zeolf,"This game is without a doubt one of the best games i've played in quite some time. Flawless, just remarkable."
76561197969692365,Recommended,232790,9467142,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,The Beef,"I see a lot of reviewers got around 4-5 hours out of Act 1, and honestly, I'm sort of surprised by this. I didn't rush through the game by any means, soaked in a lot of dialogue, exploration, etc., and even got stuck once, and I still finished Act 1 in about 2 hours. So to begin, my primary complaint: far too short for how much quality is packed into the game.Pluses: Beautiful art design, great voice acting, pretty solid dialogue (although not the funniest or most amusing), and streamlined for casual consumption.Minuses: With streamlining comes a game far too easy for what I thought was supposed to be a classic point and click adventure. I remember playing Maniac Mansion for years when I was little. Heck, even when I grew up there seemed to be so much about the game and its world that I missed. In under 2 hours I experienced everything Broken Age has to offer, save for any easter eggs or the like. But I'll cut it some slack, just because I enjoyed myself. However, it's not just lacking in complexity. I would argue that Day of the Tentacle is a far more charming game that provides a lot more in the way of witticisms, clever puzzles, memorable characters, and awesome environments.Look, in a vaccuum this game is phenominal, but expectations and prior successes can be a huge burden.Yet... I still sorta love this game, and would reccommend it in a heartbeat. But honestly, wait for Act 2, experience the game as a whole, and read reviews to determine if the true problems here--length, challenge, and linearity--are resolved. I could see Act 1 existing to establish the world and introduce the game mechanics, but if it's representative of the entire package then you need to decide: are you a casual point and click adventure fan, someone who never got the hype and want something easy to get into; or, are you someone who's looking to sink their teeth into something deep and challenging? If you're the latter, only buy if you want a narrative experience, because as things stand it feels more like a vessel-game for a story than it does a game."
,Recommended,232790,9382445,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Mrfatpepper,"Amazing game, it looks like a pice of art and feels like your playing a pixar movie.9.5"
,Recommended,232790,8910983,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,bestpersonevar,"One of my most anticipated Kickstarter-funded games has arrived and it's chock full of all the charming characters and imaginative storytelling that Double Fine's fans expected.The voice acting, art style, dialogue and puzzles are all of a caliber rarely seen in video games.  At times it feels like you might be playing an interactive Pixar movie.There's jokes that can be enjoyed by all ages.  Overt, silly jokes for the younger crowd.  Innuendo and wordplay for the older crowd."
76561198042772419,Recommended,232790,8917918,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,ToxicZangoose,Damn good game!Can't wait for Act 2
76561198006899729,Recommended,232790,8919837,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,ohmigosh,"Act 1 of Broken Age has lived up to everything that I could have hoped for. Voice acting, music, story, everything about this game I simply loved. For someone who has been craving and jonsing for a great point and click adventure game this game properly filled all my needs and desires.My only complaint is that it is only half a game right now. I need the other half. I want to flail around on the ground like a horrible child because life is just too horrible without it. Sure it'll be out ""later this year,"" but I have no idea when that is.I also purchased the soundtrack, and have listened to it a couple times. I would recommend if you like Peter McConnell's other game scores."
76561197975872127,Recommended,232790,8907815,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Mr. Kitten: Weapon of Mass Cute,This game is amazing. I haven't played something this breathtaking since the days of Kings Quest and Space Quest!Totally worth the price tag. You deserve to treat yourself to this experience.
76561198044262754,Recommended,232790,13489077,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Auryon,AWESOME
,Recommended,232790,13445287,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,FireBolt,"Without a doubt, this is one of the finest indie game I've played in recent times. The art style, narration and voice acting makes you feel like you're inside a story book."
,Recommended,232790,8897681,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Avalonstar,Beautiful. Witty. Hilarious. Can't wait for Act 2.
,Recommended,232790,8895705,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Cam,"An okay adventure game, the best parts were the beautiful art and the charming dialogue. Some of the puzzles were incrediblyannoying and the second act was full of them with lots of backtracking on top, I could have done without that. For how cheap you can find it now this game is great, perfect for kids, though they might get pretty frustrated. The ending was a non-ending which was very annoying."
76561198066308120,Recommended,232790,12804207,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,robertdetmar,"Awesome game, hope Act 2 doesn't take too log, but I am not as displeased as these others. It's rather nice and intuitive compared to some older adventure games, but still captures the immersion as well as the enjoyable puzzling, maybe even better."
76561198030893028,Recommended,232790,12746355,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Yukiro Oshi,It is enjoyable if short game. I would suggest only picking it up on one of the steam sales though. I just wish part two was out already.
,Recommended,232790,12781288,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Only 1 America,This is worth the time it took for Double Fine to create it
76561198115622676,Not Recommended,232790,20405949,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Lakelandhaze,"I was really quite disappointed with the level of gameplay to be honest - as some of the other reviews have said, there is quite a lot of 'filler', i.e. cut scenes and the level of player interaction was rather boring, stayed and dull.I do think however this would have come over better on the iPad and this review is for the PC version only of course.I think tbh I have been a bit spoilt playing The Cave which is an excellent game by the same company."
76561198151035899,Not Recommended,232790,20435951,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,[GATR] Woods,"Never works. When ever you launch the game, it lags after about 3 seconds, then crahses. (I've already tried viewing my intgrity of game cashe)"
76561198055269636,Recommended,232790,20461571,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Ron,"One of the best graphic adventures i've done in the last years, reminds me the old golden age of Lucasarts and others, thanks Double Fine, keep up your good work !Just as a side note, i totally disliked the achievement demanding to complete the game within 1 hour cause this totally kills the real feeling, spirit and value of a graphic adventure, please, for the future, leave such achievs to platforms and action games.By the way, my favorite character was the TREE :-)My Final Score is95/100"
,Recommended,232790,13864312,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,smallL,"A decent small game for killing time.graph: finemusic: finestory line: fuuny, a little madness. I like the ending.puzzles: I got stunk somethings, but not so difficult if you remember the map and the dialogue. And try every choice of the dialogue, it won't affect the storyline.physical engine: I found it fluent and easy to haddle.Looking forward to the next chapter. A little expensive for only one chapter even at discount."
,Recommended,232790,8892630,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,WeeWooPanda,Tim.... Schafer...
,Recommended,232790,10112015,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Lumic,"Broken Age is a traditional-style point and click adventure game (don't worry, there's gamepad support too) with a quirky storybook art style, top notch voice acting, a cool soundtrack, memorable characters, and very good writing.I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys Sierra adventures (text parser or point and click) and classic LucasArts adventure games like Maniac Mansion, Sam & Max Hit the Road, and Day of the Tentacle.Looking forward to part two!!"
76561198167992749,Recommended,232790,15618521,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,AudioSuperHero,Point-and-click adventure games are cool. Tim Schafer is cool. Put those two together and what do you get? A great adventure game with an engaging story and a poop joke thrown in for good measure.
76561198063323405,Recommended,232790,8916489,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Vaughn Swae,"At the moment, there's only about 3 hours of gameplay, but those three hours were well spent. Plus, there's more to come in a few months."
76561198061387038,Recommended,232790,9510796,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,DarkerFirestar,"I had a fantastic time playing this game, reminded me of the good old Monkey Island days, the graphics are fantastic and I cannot wait until part 2. Keep the good coming double fine."
76561198060854344,Recommended,232790,9601103,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,SleeperKoala,"The first thing I noticed about Broken Age is how beautiful it is, this game doesn't look like anything else I've ever played and that is a great strength. I tried to stay in each area as long as I could to soak up the details of the environment. The second thing I noticed was the dialogue, it's definitely got that Tim Schafer edge and sparkle. I had fun, was suprised, laughed, got stumped and thoroughly enjoyed myself. This is truly a classic adventure game and I can't wait for part 2!"
76561198043421173,Recommended,232790,9634755,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Thejoycean,"I don't play a lot of point and click style games, but I enjoyed this first chapter of Broken Age, and I'm looking forward to the next chapter. I will say, however, that the intuitiveness of what to do in order to progress the narrative was easier to determine when playing Shay then when playing Vella. I never got stuck while playing Shay but I had a few ""wtf am I suppose to do with this?"" moments while playing Vella. Favorite part overall: Will Wheaton as a Lumberjack. That's good stuff right there."
,Recommended,232790,9890182,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Blake_Stark,"A very good game with some funny moments.  Sadly it is only took like four hours to finish.  I suggest playing it, but I would wait for a sale."
,Recommended,232790,10166659,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,pharmaecopia,"Very linear in comparison to the lucasfilm games of the 90's,  but still very enjoyable."
76561198031773916,Recommended,232790,10090276,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Wray,"This game is really well done, from the art to the soundtrack to the story. While the puzzles were challenging, I think it says something that I was able to beat the entire game without looking up a walkthrough. This isn't an adventure game that makes you combine ninja stars with cat hair to make a banana--all the puzzles can be solved logically, by thinking them through.The story ends on a cliffhanger, but the next part is coming out as a free update. So this game is definitely worthwhile, especially if you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,232790,8737358,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,RandomBlue,"The story, artwork and voice acting are top notch and I enjoyed the game the entire time I was playing.  However, I feel that even though this is only half the finished game it was just way too short.  I got about 3-4 hours of playtime out of it (some of my Steam time was paused in the background).  However, I'd still recommend it since it kept me so engrossed the entire time.  I'm not normally a big fan of adventure games, so that is quite unusual."
,Recommended,232790,9510060,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,GuruMatt,"Great game, promising premise, some good twists; some you see and some you don't.  If you liked Monkey Island, it's good... but be warned, it's short.  5 hours of gameplay maybe, BUT!  There's promise of the second half being released later this year.  Hopefully before the end of summer.  So, y'know, if you want to play the entire game all through one go without a cliffhanger ending, you might as well wait."
76561198008913555,Recommended,232790,11129635,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,smakdab,An awesome game with a great ending.  Exactly the right art type for this genre
,Recommended,232790,9343112,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,sfoo,"I have barely played any point and click games. This is my first and i was blown away both by the story, the art style and game mechanics. Will be looking out for more point and click games in the future."
76561198087972601,Recommended,232790,20466382,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,shlop,"The art style is really nice and I also really like the music. The gameplay is fun, if you like point & click games. The puzzles can be challenging at times but pften it's the simplest solution, which can be frustrating. But I'm also a massive fan of the humour in it. I like the characters in it too. I don't really have any massive criticisms for this game. I really enjoyed it!"
76561198053123760,Recommended,232790,24718772,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Drizzy,hi im bob and i like burgers so i opened up my shop Bobs Burgers
76561198163447307,Not Recommended,232790,13728416,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,kelukelu,waste of  money
76561198038042759,Not Recommended,232790,18279927,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,MajorNuisance13,"I have no idea why steam says the reviews are ""mostly positive"""
,Recommended,232790,9588917,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Dutch Master,good point n click but too short...
76561198030771568,Not Recommended,232790,15818869,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,TheNewblar,"How bought are ratings now adays? Seriously? IGN giving this garbage 9+? I don't get this, at all. It's boring, tedious, slow, kiddish, and just downright awful. I heard this game was crowdfunded, is that what happens when a crowdfunded game makes it to market? A bunch of mindless sheep score it 10/10 because they can't accept they backed a stupid game?I'm baffled..."
,Not Recommended,232790,16527579,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Rob,I haven't been a fan of this genre of games since I had the attention span to beat Monkey Island as a kid. I tried to keep an open mind for Broken Age but I still didn't like it. Clicking through dialog menus in hopes of activating the right sentence is not fun for me.
,Recommended,232790,12887681,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Jetsaber,"No way someone could come up with a story like this! The gameplay is so unique and stands out against the so many other games i've play. Don't even hesitate, buy it now!"
76561197968550402,Recommended,232790,12966428,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Pup,"Great story, fun game. Worth checking out."
,Not Recommended,232790,13916943,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Segata Sanshiro,"Bland, boring, no personailty and no challenge. A point and click adventure for the iPhone generation. The game is also incredibly short, but given that I couldn't even bring myself to finish one of the two stories, that didn't bother me.Do yourself a favour and if you're looking for a modern point and click game, go for one of King Art's or Daedallic's excellent games. They're much longer, much more fun, much more challenging and were made for a fraction of the budget despite higher production quality. I see no reason for buying this game over one of those since they are infinitely better in every single way, whilst this game feels like a cheap iPad game."
76561198013622319,Recommended,232790,13375024,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,ishKiia,"Sooooo when does Act 2 come out?  You left me hangin!!  It was cute, funny, suspensful and not as easy as one would expect.   I loved it!  But Seriously when does act 2 come out?"
76561198167398074,Recommended,232790,13397767,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,melizar96,Awesome game! Visually aesthetic and has an awesome soundtrack. It's very well written and the story is captivating. It's really fun and a great adventure!
,Recommended,232790,13364556,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Ag,"Wonderful story, great writing, awesome music, beautiful art! Love how the mood and atmosphere make you really get into the fiction."
76561198126917362,Recommended,232790,13444492,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,KiraHiAme,"I don't think Gary wants to grab that. I can promise you that this game will make you laugh your face off. Then you will cry, then you get frustrated a bit because some of the puzzle play will confuse you. But it is worth playing each conversation with the character is insteresting to listen to, and even more interesting to watch. The game is a point and click, but the point and click always lead to some animatoin. I do not want to give out too much of the game."
,Recommended,232790,13481499,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,KneeChee,"Whether you're a fan of Double Fine's quirky humor and story-telling, or you're just looking for a solid point-and-click adventure game, the first act in this episodic series is sure to leave a good impression. Broken Age really feels like a piece of art, melding Tim Schafer's always-clever writing and puzzle design with bizarre settings, captivating characters (each voiced by some excellent actors), painterly aesthetics, and a charming soundtrack, to boot."
76561198028377112,Not Recommended,232790,11301695,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,adi,"The game in it's current form is too small with very little to show. The price is an absolute rip off considering the content, soundtrack's good though. Dialogue choice has no bearing on the outcome nor does it give any added background, seems like they are there to simply increase the playtime. The art is nice in some places but feels rushed in others.Barring a few amazing moments you will feel like the male lead Shay felt at the start i.e. going through the motions.Act 2 has yet to come, but considering they could'nt manage to fill the 3 hours or so it takes to finish the first Act it might not make a difference. Hold off purchasing if your wishlist isn't empty."
76561198028082862,Recommended,232790,20381379,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Maurício Bandeira,"Cool story if a bit short, nice art direction, nice music, likeable characters, It's a good return to the old point and click adventure games if you are feeling nostalgic."
,Not Recommended,232790,20399987,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Dehexed,Part 1: GoodPart 2: Bad
76561198054444784,Recommended,232790,20388404,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,driftwizard,"Just got the game this winter sale and finnished it in a couple days of nonstop play. Allot of people complained that part 2 was terrible but i didnt notice a dip in quality, good charming game the whole way through."
,Recommended,232790,20389430,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Argonius,"Overall I liked this game, it is a fun adventure game, the art style is really good and the voice acting is excellent with a celebrity cast of voice actors. It probably isn't the best adventure game in terms of story or quality of puzzles, but it does tell a neat story and checked all the necessary point&click adventure boxes I was looking for when I purchased it.This is one of those adventure games where you control two characters and you can switch back and forth between them at any time to choose which of the stories you want to progress in, which helps if you get stuck in one. I really like that idea and have played a couple games before that did this. They use this a bit in the second part to solve some puzzles but I played the first part entirely as one character and then entirely as the other, I think they could have taken it farther and would like to play a point&click adventure game that does one day.The story is quite silly but it builds up a lot of mystery around the origins of the strange worlds that the two characters live in. The ending didn't quite live up to my expectations, I played the first part and had to wait a year before the second part like a lot of people. However I wouldn't say it is a terrible ending, it tied up all the necessary unanswered questions and had a couple interesting twists, and was certainly more satisfying of an ending to me than goodbye deponia.In fact deponia is probably the game I would compare this most closely with, this game tries to be more light and whimsical and deponia tries to be more funny but it is a bit darker and cruder, so the each of the games might appeal more to different audiences. Personally I felt that the quality of the story and puzzles in the two games was comparible and would recommend them to different people based on the style and mood of the games."
76561198056880682,Recommended,232790,15612389,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,L@me,"Is it just me or it´s not working... I was so happy that act two was released and now I can´t even play it? Seriously? I hope it´s gonna be fixed soon, because I was really looking forward to finishing this game."
76561197974487036,Recommended,232790,15610277,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Try This At Home Kids,The first half of the game is great and is swiftly followed by a second half of total crap. The makers of this game (Double Fine) don't usually drop the ball like this. I'm very sorry to say they let this game bottom out.Should you by this game?Adventure Fans - Yes.Everyone Else - When it's on sale.
,Recommended,232790,12975920,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Acekiller121,"What a great game.It's the first point-and-click I've played in years, and I'm glad to see that this genre is getting a much deserved reboot.The puzzles are very easy, and the only real thing that stopped me is not having a certian item I had to have, and having to find it by backtracking. If I got stuck on one part, I would just switch to the other story to clear up and get a new perspective on it. You can play the game by either doing one full story then the other, or switching between the two. I personally found the latter to be the best way.The soundtrack to this game is very nice. Not amazing by any stretch, but very well done none the less. It really added to the atmosphere, and set the mood for that 'scene'. It gives a good feeling for the place they're put in.The graphics are beautiful. The paints (water colours?) in this game mixed with the limited animation (Deadtime Stories, anyone?) are a perfect match for this kind of game.Overall, I rate this game 7.5/10"
76561197991621755,Recommended,232790,13261944,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Macklin,"An extremely clever game that allows you to play on two separate paths that beautifully come together at the end of Act I. One thing I really loved about Broken Age was its humor; this game genuinely had me laughing during certain parts of Shay's storyline (Vella's has a more serious tone throughout). Gameplay is like an old school point and click, similar to the ones you might've played as a child if you grew up in the 90s.To get the most out of this game, DO NOT look at any guides online (no matter how tempting). Some puzzles are fairly difficult, but nothing you won't figure out over time. Some of them require such common-sense, that you'll be hitting youself on the forehead for not figuring it out.Since this is only one segment of the overall storyline, it isn't all that long; you'll most likely finish it within 3 hours. However, Broken Age is one title that shouldn't be missed by those that love puzzles and a great story."
76561198071280647,Recommended,232790,13277778,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,AllMatt,"This game was actually very fun to play. The story was interesting as were the characters. The only thing that I found....irratating was the cliffhanger(spoiler alert i guess). I would suggest that you wait til to buy this game until the 2nd comes out. But all in all, 9.99/10 in my book"
76561198013970904,Recommended,232790,13289211,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Plasma Koala,"Broken Age is one of the best point and click adventures I've ever played. Everything about this game is superb. The visuals, music, voice acting, and world that has been created is beyond magical. Enchantment in every little detail and wonderful storytelling. I only have two negative thoughts about this game. Firstly, the puzzles could be a little more challenging. Second, it could be a tad longer. Though, I suppose that's what Act 2 is for. Near perfect game!"
76561198067427689,Recommended,232790,13278045,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,temporary34,"The game has a beautiful graphics style, tons of humour, a captivating story and good voice acting. What it doesn't have is interesting puzzles. When they listed ""pointing"" and ""clicking"" as the two main features on the Steam page, I thought it was funny. But they weren't kidding. There is barely any problem solving worth describing as such involved. You point, click and get to the exit. But I'd recommend it to anyone who doesn't mind that the game lacks failure states and challenging or interesting puzzles. After all, people loved The Walking Dead, and that was a point and click adventure game without real puzzles."
,Recommended,232790,12976234,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,The Fall of Shadows,Great artwork and fun point-and-click adventure where you can play two different one's side-by-side. highly recommend if you are into this kind of game or looking to try a point-and-click
,Recommended,232790,13274907,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Conina,"TL;DR - Is this the best game ever? No. - Should you still play it? Yes!Review for Act I------------------------I first played Broken Age on iPad before playing it a second time on Steam. It is a wonderful point-and-click adventure, exuding the old-school charms of games like ""Day of the Tentacle"", with which it shares its creator, Tim Schafer. The compelling story and artwork make it one of my current favourites. Can't wait to see what's in store for Act II, the sequel announced for 2015.Review for Act II-------------------------Finally, the 2nd act of Broken Age came out and I had time to play it. This time on iPad instead of Steam. I started from the beginning of Act 1 and in hindsight, it was the best decision I could have made. Many puzzles and concepts of Act 1 carry over into Act 2 and make a replay necessary, unless you remember what you did in Act 1. A waste of time, some might say, but I think it was worth it.The 2nd Act picks up directly where the first left off and is really just that, the second act of one whole game, and not its sequel. Frankly, I was surprised to see relatively many negative reviews, and I think this was exactly one of the reasons why it came to them.You can play the second act as if it were a separate game, or a sequel, but be prepared to get frustrated with overly tough puzzles and disappointed by the plotholes. Some of the latter make the second act feel quite rushed. We get a glimpse of a potentially very interesting backstory that sadly remains very vague and leaves you with many open questions. However, the little snippets you get while playing are enough to fire up your imagination (and spawn a torrent of fanfiction if you're so inclined).Without spoiling too much, let's just say that yes, the puzzles are harder than in the first act and yes, the story might be a bumpy ride sometimes, but Broken Age has nevertheless managed to become one of my favourite games and one I would gladly recommend to anyone who loves a classic adventure... Just remember to start from the beginning ;-)"
,Recommended,232790,15977945,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Crushonator,"Pros: Amazing world, story, characters, twists.Cons: Act 2 was a quick connection to Act 1, story was short in Act 2, the wiring hexipal brought me to new levels of frustration.I believe that the budget was blown on Act 1. This could be why some of the same scenery, characters, and shortened story was all what was in Act 2.To be honest I really don't feel bad that I played this game. I would say buy it on sale, try the puzzles and enjoy the story.  Just wished there was more depth to the story between the characters to how the original idea was drawn out.For all the people that gave it a thumbs down, I really believe you had more to say about the game rather than what it had to offer. Take it for what it is and enjoy the story. Thanks to the team at Double Fine who made it all happen. Please keep this universe/game/genre going."
,Recommended,232790,16006788,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,ColorOfYourEnergy,Beautifully made and the puzzles got harder to the point I wanted to curse at the pixel gods. The story and the music kept me engaged throughout the two acts. SPOILER BELOW... MAYBE?....................................I was not expecting the game to change that much in the second act in regards to the method of the puzzles and the story but it did. Seeing a game breaking the fourth wall made it much more challenging and a new exploration for me in gaming. I recommend.
76561198049243837,Recommended,232790,28722320,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Potassium dichromate CSGO500,Very good storytelling!
76561198081276881,Recommended,232790,15614309,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Kerumek,"Well first of all its a double fine game.Second off all our lord and saviour Jack Black is in it.Third, (seriously now) the classic double fine art style combined with another amazing soundtrack creates an exciting world to explore full of characters ranging from a Wil Wheaton lumberjack who loves making stools, to a talking spoon. The unique story is another reason to buy this game. It is a great way to get into Double Fine games.PS: I cut a tree and made him puke by showing him Wil Wheaton's stool. For banter."
,Recommended,232790,18312454,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,eastospagettieo,This game went on sale two weeks after I bought it so...like...that sucks? but this game is still amazing everyone should play it.
,Recommended,232790,18301455,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Cupcak,Its good game
,Recommended,232790,14044874,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,benly,...10/10...
,Not Recommended,232790,15820170,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Εnix,"The developer is very racist and makes fun of people who actually loved to play his games for years... his own supporters, and now he's throwing us all under the bus. I bought this game before I knew this information, and I deeply regret it."
76561197960449402,Not Recommended,232790,13512481,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Suislide,♥♥♥♥ing short and IM STILL WAITING for the other half of the game.
,Recommended,232790,9998065,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Stare,This game was absolutely outstanding. I can't wait for Act 2!
76561198131533470,Recommended,232790,9994470,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,MoonDoggy,Great game and visually stunning but it's a bit too short.
,Recommended,232790,8895892,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Volus Dragonwing,"Woah, Just, woah"
,Recommended,232790,9997103,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,LucasLuce,This is one of the most beautiful games that I've ever played.
,Recommended,232790,9356600,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,angelofragnarok,"Phenomenal talent abounds in this unique game. The voice acting is better than the standard AAA, the music is more suitable than the standard AAA, and the humor is something I haven't seen in a AAA title in over a decade. Definitely gets my recommendation!"
,Recommended,232790,10443041,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,mateo_salta,Amazing production value.
,Recommended,232790,9326620,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,ajburch1,Have had some graphical glitches but definitely a really fun game!
76561197964115139,Recommended,232790,9379111,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,mrman43807,"I really enjoyed my time with this game. It was short, but I knew it would be going in. The humor and great game design that have been in past DoubleFine games is here and as excellent as ever. If you've enjoyed DoubleFine games in the past, you'll enjoy this too."
,Not Recommended,232790,16630889,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Беломор,good for kids.
,Recommended,232790,9379040,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,publicFunction,"What can I say about Broken Age...Well, this adventure is going to end up as one of the all time classic adventure games of all time. Reaching the giddy hights of fame with games like the Monkey Island saga and Full Throttle. You have to have a go of this try it now... You wont regret it."
,Recommended,232790,9263872,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Zombie Scholar,"The voice acting is absolutely superb, the animations are great... and the story... oh my god. It just goes deeper. Another thing I loved about this title is the fact that when I tried to combine objects I knew wouldn't work it had a unique thing to say about it, not just saying ""This won't work..."" a hundred times. Please, please, please, every person out there needs to play this. I'm stunned, can't wait for Act II."
76561198058503108,Recommended,232790,10113713,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,darthdeastroy913,its very good although its only about 4 hours of game play. and i kinda hope the dlcs are either free or under 5$
,Recommended,232790,8926043,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Joman,"The finale of this first act took what was an interesting point-&-click experience and wrapped it up in a neat little package that can only be described as pure genius, while simultaneously presenting wide-open questions that left me salivating for answers.  The entire play-through is more than worth the ""no way!"" cliffhanger at the end that makes the player look back on the whole experience and realize, beneath its fluffy exterior, just how twisted the whole thing was.  Not to mention that one of the characters is a pretentious hipster lumberjack who preaches about his quazi-ironic decorating decisions and has boarded himself up in his house for fear that the talking trees will get him.  And two characters are voiced by Elijah Wood and Jack Black.  This is a must-own for anyone who likes to use their brain and can't get enough of a great story."
,Recommended,232790,8926452,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,lonlyazn,"This is a great game with a wonderful cast of voice actors. I love the deep interactiong with all the characters and objects, with the large variety of dialogue that makes it very refreshing. I can't wait for Act 2 to come out and see the final ending. It makes you think very differently almost in solving these puzzles, but the intuitive flow of the game, along with the story sucks you in into another realm of What if's, break throughs, and a lot of humor with a hint of dark flavors."
,Recommended,232790,8927190,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,CK UNCHAINED,"A wonderful adventure title featuring a phenmonal voice cast, wonderful characters, an intriguing world filled with devious puzzles and a story that will leave you on the edge of your seat, Broken Age is a genius experience.  It may be a little akward in its faithfullness to stay true to old school game design, but aside from that BA is incredible.  Full review will come once the second act comes out, but where it stands Broken Age is a winner."
76561198080059236,Recommended,232790,8929208,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Sorrowful Cheshire,"I love Point and Click adventure games and this is One of the Best i was overjoyed by the commentary and art, the characters are realistic and fun to interact with. And its got a good story line too boot as apposed to other point and click adventure games which are some what jaded and played out. I recently Finished it and the ending of Act I made my mind implode. it leaves you with soo many questions, realisations, and at the edge of thrilling cliffhanger. I Highly recomend this game its fun, witty, and overall orignal."
,Recommended,232790,8929358,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Juso Magna,"This is an excellent callback to the old Point-and-clicks of yore, and a great new experience. My only creal complaint would be it's kinda short. Beyond that, though, it's an excellent game and deserves your money. The guys at Doublefine took a huge risk by going for croudfunding, and I say we should reward them for this beautiful game made for the people, and made possible by the people."
76561198121931625,Recommended,232790,8942861,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Ashen Fun,"Great game! Witty humour, good storyline and great voice acting! Super excited for Act 2, what an ending aswell, very few games have made me react like that!9/10"
,Recommended,232790,9353439,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,RocketCode,"Amazing, even though it took me only 3 hours to finish the amount of polish and character in this game makes it well worth the $25 I spent on it"
76561197976612595,Not Recommended,232790,15047293,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,MechZahn,"So I still haven't come back to it yet. I was mad that the second part took so much longer then we were told and was immeditley upset by the twist upon returning to it. Sigh, super lame."
76561198025028631,Recommended,232790,21430153,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Hoarse John,Good
76561198124482181,Recommended,232790,21433231,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,bassmickey,"Point, click, drag and drop! What else do you need to know???"
76561198281533445,Recommended,232790,21516516,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ludoka,Surely worth playing amongst friends.:)
,Recommended,232790,16985903,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Din,"beautiful environments. simple and enjoyable. mysteriously dark, yet very bright and cheery on the surface."
,Not Recommended,232790,17047834,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Kaiser SaySo,Meh.
,Recommended,232790,9377289,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Dubblit,Short but Sweet. Can't wait for the conclution.
,Not Recommended,232790,19561762,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,IcePenguin,"Act 2 is very hard and annoying and last of story is not good reason at allis being Act 1 to ""what am I donig for all of this"""
,Recommended,232790,15793581,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Vaderhoff,"A very humorous and unique adventure game brought to you by the minds from Double Fine. I loved every bit of the story, the characters, and the setting. Thoguh the game was either too short, or ithe pacing was too fast in the second act, or maybe I really just wanted more. The ending, no spoilers, could have been better, and I can see why a lot of other people did not appreciate it quite well either. I'd hope we'd eventually see a return to this world through a sequel if possible, though pretty unlikely. I thoroughly enjoyed Broken Age, despite it's lackluster and sort of rushed conclusion.I'd say if you are familiar with Tim Schafer's previous works and have played or are interested in Point-N-Click Adventure games and would love a good laugh for a few hours, give this game a go. You'll either enjoy it overall, or love just the first act.Also best line ever said by a knife in a game ""I'm free! Free to cleave the iinfinite void of space itself!"""
76561197970338724,Recommended,232790,15747482,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,MrBehemoth,"Ignore any naysayers. Broken Age was great. It felt like a proper Tim Schafer game - it's up there with Grim Fandango in my book. If you've already played part one, I recommend starting again and playing it as a whole.The art is gorgeous., the world is charming, the story has hidden depth which, even though it is not surprising, it is always rewarding and occasionally self-aware. The puzzles were challenging at times, but I never felt stuck.Well worth the wait."
76561198054442618,Recommended,232790,15764403,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,SecretCorvo7,Simply amazing. A tear for Gary. Great job Tim and Double Fine. My personal GOTY 2014 and so far for 2015 as well. Really cannot wait to see what these guys do next!!
76561197970539879,Recommended,232790,15776352,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,jaydiggler,"Loved the game from start to finish.  I wish we didn't have to wait so long between acts but it didn't hurt the enjoyment.  Point and click adventure games have always been my favorite and it's refreshing to see Tim Schafer making them again.  I don't understand the hate for Act 2, except for one puzzle involving the star chart, the puzzles were logical and never got to the point of frustration. The puzzles make you think, the voice acting is perfect, the animation and art style is great, the humor is well done (be prepared to use every item on every person to not miss anything), and the story was excellent.  I hope we get an Act 3 or a full sequel in the future."
76561198007364350,Recommended,232790,9129380,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Baron Spaghetti,"Playing it with my daughter and LOVING it.We're laughing together and she's gasping in suspense.  It's fun, creative, a style of game that I miss, and we're figuring out puzzles together.Great job Double Fine!!!"
,Recommended,232790,9140704,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Schwifty,"Though a little short, Act I is simply sublime and Act II is definitely worth the wait, especially when you'll want to know what happens after the shocking twist.  An absolute must have for your Steam Library."
,Recommended,232790,9144884,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Coolfizz,"This game is full of creativity and humor. Point and click adventure games are not the most popular genre of games nowadays, but this is definitely worth the money. Also buy the soundtrack with it. It's amazing."
76561198049119446,Recommended,232790,9285076,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Skylark252,"Broken Age is a beautiful game and the puzzles, while not impossible, are challenging enough to keep you thinking. They've got some pretty impressive names for the voice acting. I just wish it was a bit longer. Hopefully Act II will have longer gameplay than Act I."
,Recommended,232790,9289492,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Galm,"Superb first half. Awaiting the second half with bated breath.It's also an inspirational success story in the world of crowd-funding. Now, a developer with a vision can go straight to his/her target audience to fund amazing games."
76561197996738656,Recommended,232790,9401591,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Mythophile,"Excellent first act, though few of the puzzles are difficult. What really makes it shine is the passion that went into it and the gorgous art. Like an onion, the story is full of layered symbolism, managing to be both funny and dark without being obnoxious. Inspite of the short length there's a lot going on in terms of subtext, especially for Shay's story."
76561198065297544,Recommended,232790,9708206,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,maxmv123,"i absolutely love this game apart from the fact that i found it too short. the graphics are just sublime and the storyline is just so original, the characters are outragous and the puzzles leave you pondering for ages! overall i rate this game 15 out of 10 - just amazing"
,Recommended,232790,9110700,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,dumpwad,Half of me wants to say don't get this game because it's way too short for a $25 game; but the other half of me says HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU NEED TO EXPERIENCE THE AMAZING VISUALS AND CLASSIC NOSTALGIC THEME OF THIS GAME. And who knows? Maybe the second act will be way longer.
,Recommended,232790,9111339,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Arrei,"OMG, OMG, OMg... seriously this game...OMGPuzzles weren't too difficult and had a great plot and story to it. Can NOT WAIT for Act 2 ( yes this game is split up and leaves off on a cliff hanger)Do it, buy it, ENJOY!"
76561198050548593,Recommended,232790,9143349,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Chrys,This game is beautiful. The artwork and scenery is just breathtaking. The characters are very relatable. The story is very fun and aweing. Would recommend.
76561198040841590,Recommended,232790,9279845,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,FlyingLettuce,"AMAZING! Best spent money on Steam!Tim Shcafer is a master of a craft that will become more noticed this coming generation. I'm really excited to see more acts Broken Age. I'm hoping 2nd Act is the longest, and 3rd Act is the shorter conclusion.The reason Broken Age is so good, is beccause it's aimed for adults with an inner child. And even if you don't, the political and social points this story makes are extremely relevant to what the youth goes through in modern stories of coming of age. Even though so full of fantasy, there are a lot of subtle realities.The games mechanics will let you know where you stand on society's streamline, based on what you consider to be valuable as a game. The time you finish will dictate how mature you are to see past contrival pathways.  This game is full of distractions that will lead you into infinate loops. So like inception. There is a game inside the game... but the game is not to get caught intside the loops of broken art forms and distractions of today.Aside from the sub points reflecting society. There are also linear stories for kids  who won't be able to realize the funamental values of Broken Age. It's a coming of age tale for a young man, and a heroes journey for a young woman.Tim Schafer has mastered the craft. I'm glad PC has another gem in the list."
,Recommended,232790,9300092,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Rice Powered Emperor,"Narrative can be a bit slow at times but don't let that scare you away for it is quite a story! Recommended for both gamers and non-gamers who want relaxing, easy-going pace of storytelling in the style of an old-school ""point-and-click"" adventure game! If you are looking for something to just kill time, go play a shooter or rts."
,Recommended,232790,9300251,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,OBookman,"Naive and touching, this game is a good entry level adventure, perfect for new beginners and good for seasoned adventure players to just play and ''feel''"
76561197991308575,Recommended,232790,9309003,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,spauldingae,"A fun little game that does remind one of the golden age of lucasarts(not suprising considering Tim Shafer was one of the people behind that). The puzzles aren't particulary complex/difficult but the characters are interesting and likable and the plot and atmosphere has enough going for it to keep you playing.Editied for Part 2:With the long awaited second part out, the puzzles have gotten more complex and interesting. In some cases, they cross over into being frustrating. The game itself is still fun, however, the biggest flaw in this game is the plot. After the big finish of Part 1, it seems the writers wrote themselves into a corner and spent most of Part 2 desperatly trying to write themselves out of it. Unfortunatly, they failed at this, leaving a lot of plot holes in an otherwise good game. Reminding myself that you don't play lucasarts games for the plot is really the only handwave I can give it but it feels like a lost oppurtunity given the setup."
76561198086701348,Recommended,232790,9351456,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Major Fleshwound,"Short but sweet.  Can't wait for Act 2.  Puzzles are pretty easy but do yourself a favor and try to figure them out yourself.  This game is WAY too short to cheat.  You will only be cheating yourself.  Well done Double Fine, well done."
76561198050225810,Recommended,232790,9118195,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,X_Y,"Broken age is an amazing art-game with many outstanding qualities, most noticeable the storytelling. The background story is refreshing and unique in scope of the entire gaming history. It is a fine escape from ""save the princess, save the world"" formular or any of the contempory themes, yet being very intriguing and relatable. The characters are well crafted, every one of them is full of personalities and genuineness. Specifically, the protagonists are beautifully shaped through out the story that gives the player a sense of attachment. The ending can be better, but still being a good twist and intriguing enough for the player to wait for the second half.However, the story is a bit out of logic on the girl's side. She stared leaping towards the goal way before a solution was hinted, while the solution just coincedently reavealed itself at a later point of the game. That makes a good half of her story and the puzzles confusing."
,Recommended,232790,9121520,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,WolffOnTech,"A wonderfully fun game that I enjoyed thoroughly.  From the hand-painted backgrounds to the superb voice acting, I can't recommend this game highly enough.  I am now eagerly awaiting Part 2 and it can't come soon enough!  10/10"
,Recommended,232790,9238769,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,CptCuddleMuffin,"I Really Enojyed this game, It has an amazing & Lovely story.I can't Wait for Act 2 to come out!I Done gameplay videos for this game on YouTube, A walkthrough You could say I guess :) Have a look if you wish:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=231524870"
,Recommended,232790,9275705,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Meat Punchbeef,"Absolutely beautiful, with amazing graphics, clever puzzles, and witty dialogue. Double Fine once again fails to disappoint."
,Recommended,232790,9246670,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,bnicolino,"A must play. It felt kinda short, but then I realized that what felt like 30 minutes playing was actually 4 hours. You just sink into the story. I can´t wait for act 2."
,Recommended,232790,9364963,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,aradin24,"Great visual style, excellent writing, and a surprising cast of voice actors."
76561198004358155,Recommended,232790,8895020,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Gaffer Gonz,"Not very hard, and pretty short, but the voice acting from Jack Black and Pendleton Ward is some of the best I've ever heard."
76561198027405096,Recommended,232790,9143014,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Gungnir,"A classic story book come to life; in interactive glory! Have you ever wondered what your purpose in life is? Well join the cast of Broken Age, and find out the impact of their actions on the universe. You play the role of two unique characters, each with their own spellbinding and whimsical experiences. Also, in traditional double fine fashion, the characters are enjoyable and the dialog is pretty damn funny. The art appears as if it was done in chalk or other similar medium, which is a welcome addition to the narrative."
,Recommended,232790,9401966,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Ashiikara,"This is a very nice, simplistic interactive comic but lacks enough intellectual punch to be considered a good adventure-style game. The puzzles are incredibly simple and the plot is pretty simple too (though may perhaps be more complicated as the second half comes out). The voice acting was very good and I liked the art and music too but it plays more like a slightly interactive childrens' book than an adventure game.Wouldn't pay full price for it, probably wouldn't have paid the coupon price either. I'd wait until it's in the sale, it's a sweet game to play when you're feeling a bit under the weather, and made me smile at least."
76561198011701185,Recommended,232790,9316641,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Asmorod,Love the classic adventure game. Great art style and good story. I want more please Double FIne.
76561198068813222,Recommended,232790,9355736,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,jemoigean,"Awesome Game.Funny, original, intriguing story and characters.My only problem comes from the fact that it's not finished yet, waiting for act 2. I don't really get why they wouldn't finish it before lauching it."
76561197976851985,Recommended,232790,9356560,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Ninomojo,"Interesting, original, wonderful, beautiful. And some of the best music out there."
76561198092735913,Recommended,232790,9294952,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,cthonican,"I bought this game for my girlfriend on Valentine's day and it was a hit! She usually doesn't play games but now she is crazy about point and click adventures. Everything about this game is well-thought out and fun to interact with. I highly recommend this game if your looking for a witty, pretty, and interesting point and click adventure game."
,Recommended,232790,9365480,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Luke Rising,Finally a Kickstarter that delivers! (I doubt Steam Greenlight would produce anything worth while)Worth the 3.3 million it cost to make and Double Fine have done a Double Fine Job!
,Recommended,232790,9368225,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,tje500,One of the best adventure games with a good art style and story line.
,Recommended,232790,9348539,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,welfycat,"I enjoyed playing this game a great deal. The dialogue is funny and thoughtful, the characters are fascinating, and the artwork is beautiful. The voice acting is brilliant! I tried to examine every aspect that was interactable and combine items as much as possible, and it took me around five hours to play through Act 1. More importantly, I enjoyed playing the game and I am very much looking forward to playing Act 2 when it is released.Even more importantly, I made a tree vomit. It was great!"
76561197970784169,Recommended,232790,15778440,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,EddiePlayerOne,A truly fantastic adventure game with a wonderfully creative story. The voice talent is a huge bonus.
76561198031041930,Recommended,232790,15693708,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Zany,"A fun a challenging point and click adventure game with a great story! I enjoyed it immensely. (I played it from Act 1 straight to Act 2 and then to the end in about 3 days, resorting to a walkthrough for a few puzzles in Act 2 and the Finale). It was funny and cute and the story takes some pretty cool twists and turns along the way, I would easily recomend this for a fun few days with a colorful cast of characters."
76561198117604832,Recommended,232790,15731124,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,thomasallenonline,"I love the first chapter of Broken Age. The environments and characters are beautifully drawn and painted, the voice acting doesn't insult my intelligence and the storyline, humor and puzzles are smart and entertaining.HOWEVER...I had no idea that Chapter 2 would integrate into the first half. I assumed that it would simply move forward from where it stopped.  Wrong. It continues right where you left off and that's where my real beef lies.It's been nearly a year since I played the first half and my memory of what took place is foggy at best. I backtracked a bit after the start and I was nothing but confused. The only logical solution is to (sigh) start the game over from the beginning. Fortunately, it's visually pleasing so the pain won't be so bad."
,Not Recommended,232790,13494398,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,toxxi,"whilst this was an otherwise pleasant adventure game that one could read as having some novel metaphorical subtext about masculinity and feminity in crisis respectively, i found it altogether marred by an utterly absurd credits sequence that for some godawful reason listed the names and aliases of every single individual to purchase and play the game. is this really the state that modern video gaming is in? where i have to be told that ""joey badass"" has undergone the same trials and tribulations that but a moment ago felt personal and affecting? to this i simply say; no thank you"
76561198041561391,Recommended,232790,24843238,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,sebastianlg,fun
,Not Recommended,232790,29744964,Posted: 6 February,all,golonac,"The first half of the game is excellent and sets up the premise for a great story, but the second part drops the ball and pretty much ruins the whole story. Feels like they published the first part before having any idea how the story should continue, none of the plotlines conclude satisfactorily. The puzzles suck in the second half too. Maybe play Life Is Strange instead."
76561198062209988,Recommended,232790,13270745,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,deii,Vyborna a vtipa hra. Doporucuji dohrat az do konce. :)
,Recommended,232790,13313061,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,GrumpyAlchemist,Not a very long game - but very enjoyable. Can't wait for Act II
,Recommended,232790,13274416,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Wilko,"Broken Age is a fun and simple point & click with decent writing, that cool Tim Schaffer art style akin to Psychonauts and interesting puzzles. It's good for about 2.5-3.5 hours of gameplay depending on your playstyle. The story is intriguing with good pacing especially at the beginning of Shays story where it beats you to death with Shays boring monotanous routine but this serves a purpose once you start exploring which I suppose adds some depth to the game. Then there's the female protagonist Vella, who starts the game in a somewhat precarious situation that she must escape from which later ties the fate of the two protagonists together in a twist ending. 8/10"
,Recommended,232790,13787177,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,jriddy5000son,What a twist. Wow!
76561198040146177,Recommended,232790,13750520,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,tdog303,Double Fine.   ;)
,Recommended,232790,13273763,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Eating ass since 93,"Good game, but too short, and too pricey for something that doesn't have much content. Even for the first act it's short. Recommend buying when on sale only."
,Recommended,232790,13313998,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Son of a Gun,"Game trailer had so much promise, an old style point and click adventure, finished chapter 1 ages ago now and was not overly impressed. That being said I had thought that the target audience would have been older, the trailer let me to that conclusion as well, and even the game appears to have a more adult over-arching plot.The puzzles all seem ridiculously childish and you don't get that feel that something is amiss, which it is. To be honest, I expected more from the mind of Tim Schafer, the man who brought us Grim Fandango, still my favorite adventure game of all time!On the positive, the artwork is beautiful, and the interface of the game was pretty standard, but that is by no means a bad thing.This review could so easily be turned around by a more adult part 2 of the game. Its missing that dark theme that something like Grim Fandango had, and more smart puzzles, not the terrible ones the majority of puzzle adventure seem to be having today.My recommendation...when part 2 of the game comes out (if it ever does) and you read that those problems have been fixed. BUY IT, Tim Schafer is a really talented man who I think just needs a reminder of what people really want. Not the childish puzzles of his Psychonauts, but the engaging and heartfelt story of his masterpiece, Grim Fandango"
,Not Recommended,232790,23663108,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,storiedmichael,"Well designed and fun, but a long grind of puzzles. I remember enjoying Monkey Island tremendously as a kid. Was it as pondorous as Broken Age? Nostalgia could be clouding my judgement, but I don't think so. Broken Age is a slog! Maybe a fun introduction to adventure games?"
76561197990087355,Not Recommended,232790,17071050,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Esarraf,The only thing that this game has going for it is the story and the graphics. It looks amazing but the story in the second act has to be the worst thing I have ever seen. It is scum
,Recommended,232790,18334210,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,dodaporto,buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥and stop the mi-mi-mi.
,Recommended,232790,18337303,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Asiris,"I have very mixed feelings about this game. I loved the art style and the first part when it was released. Unfortunately the second part was a let down and I had mixed feelings about the ending.It's great piece of art and characters are amazing, but story feels very abrupt at the end. Anyway this adventure game is among better ones so I think anyone who likes adventures should give it a try and form your own opinion. I believe the experience will be better now when the game is not separated into to parts anymore."
76561198028615865,Recommended,232790,18650877,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,WHIP GAME LISA FRANK,it's good
76561198106602097,Recommended,232790,18319134,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,zoe9702,"So, a lot of people are bashing this game lately because apparently they've been waiting for it since it was on Kickstarter....Well, I have not. I just discovered it yesterday, bought it for 66% percent off, and finished it today.I thought it was precious. It reminded me of my old point and click games. The music, characters, story, and especially voice actors were absolutely precious. I loved every second of it. Sure, some puzzles were a little tricky and obscure, but hey that's what the internet was for. It was still fun. Stop worrying about what the logical answer would be and focus on the game universe. Good job to everyone who had a hand in this game <3"
,Recommended,232790,18335664,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Screebits,This game is awesome. Just...just play it already.
76561198030458911,Recommended,232790,18331896,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,A Tool,"Okay, so the intrigue really doesn't pay off well and it's just generally not quite Psychonauts. Still, I mostly had fun with it.I mean, it's got Elijah Wood. What more do you want?"
,Recommended,232790,18328410,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Lela,"If you're a fan of games like monkey island and grim fandango then broken age is definitely for you.Even though it was a bit shorter than I hope, it had me glued to my pc from beginning to end (literally didn't leave my chair till I completed the game)The art style is really unique, but also has a sort of old-fashioned feeling to it. The story keeps you going with it's unique duel character perspective.The challenges you face as Vella and Shay in the game really boggles the mind, but at the same time is quite simple and intuitive.For a story-driven game like this I would give a 8/10 and the only reason it isn't full marks is cause I would have wanted it to last a bit longer."
,Recommended,232790,18329265,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,MelhemX,"Broken Age, is quite a great game, it have an amazing story, with unbelivable suprises.the game is quite colorfull, from bright color in some places, and dark color in other. the color of each location, give the player feeling of the location.the story is quite exciting.it would give the game 9.75/102.75 for the engine of the game, the engine is excellent, but it some times freezes for a very short time.3 for the gameplay, there are alot of puzzles to solved, some are answer by switching characters4 for story and characters, the story is quite touching due to it characters, each character has his/her unquie personallymy favoriate character is the talking tree.this game is one example of a good point and click adventure game."
,Recommended,232790,9975248,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Zharlie Sine Fine,Two seemingly irrelevant people = one amazing story.
,Recommended,232790,8903867,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Deihunt,"Thought there no more games of this kind.It's awesomely hand-drawn, full of charming things and creatures and very, very, VERY cozy.Think we all need more stuff like this - it bestows modicum of some universal kindness to this world."
76561198005926342,Recommended,232790,9364053,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,ＰＩＥＲＲＥＬＵＣ,"awesome game, can't wait for act 2"
,Recommended,232790,8898517,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Eyferann,"The game tells the advetures of Shay and Vella as they come to a turning point when they have to make decisions for themselves. The game plays very much like you would expect from a point and click adventure game and the art and sound make the game feel like a fairytail story. The game has some puzzles though not as difficult as for example in the Deponia series(great games I reccomend checking them out too). As of writing the game has only the first act made but it still offers a satisfying playtrough- for 20€ though it's a bit short but when Act 2 comes around it should fix that. If you NEED it right now you can buy it- it's good, if you can wait for act 2 to come along then i suggest you to wait. Maybe you'll even snatch it at a lower price.(for my playtrough i went with Shay's storyline first and then on Vellas, it felt pretty smooth i'd reccomend a new player to go in that order too, well i haven't tried it the other way around- i wonder if it's different)"
76561198048448283,Not Recommended,232790,28251123,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,giulioste,Slow and not fun
,Recommended,232790,15928560,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Mr.NiceGuy,"Best game I have ever played.story and art are just amazing, puzzles difficulty was spot on!even though Act 1 is Better than Act 2, Act 2 is still a one of a kind masterpiece.I have no words to describe Act 1, I feel in love with it right away, Double Fine have managed to perfectevery element in it.In conclusion, Broken Age is a one of a kind experience that every Point & Click gamer who knows a thing or two, should have."
,Recommended,232790,16033393,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,MC Fisticuffs,I played this game with my 8 year old daughter and we both fell in love with it. We couldn't wait to play it each night.
,Recommended,232790,16470888,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Maddly Hatted,"I have to admit, I was a bit disappointed. After the colossal amounts of hype this game got - it's Tim Schafer going back to his roots, it got way more than it needed on Kickstarter, it looks amazing, has an all-star cast, etc. - there was just a lot left to be desired.Considering older point-and-click adventure games made by this team, this one just feels lacking. Fewer interactions, less challenging most of the time, overall shorter...But I'd still recommend it. It looks absolutely astonishing, it's really well written, there's some pretty worthy twists to the plot, and it's just fun."
,Recommended,232790,16402653,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Grognard_87,"Now for a disclaimer I didn't play this game until both acts had been released so I don't have the many years of waiting that had happened to many others who expected more from Tim Schafer. I have the review split in two below:Act 1:Honestly, I really enjoyed this. I found the puzzles not too simple, but solvable and quite a lot of fun. The two different characters are very interesting, both wanting to go against the curve of their surroundings and free themselves.  The many different characters are well written and voice acted too with a twist at the end which I sadly saw coming as I had seen Zero Punctuation's review of Act 2. I still quite enjoyed it though.Act 2:The sequal was quite interesting as both teens try to get to grips with what has just been revealed to them and they have to work hard to get out of the situation and reveal a diabolical plan. Unlike the first game, you need control of both characters to complete puzzels on either side (as if they were mentally linked, but they aren't) with one of the most ANNOYING puzzels I have ever seen in a Double Fine game. Luckily there were a few guides online that helped me out with this, leading to a interesting and somewhat symbolic ending.Now, unlike everyone else I didn't play the first part before the release of the second part. As a full game, it's fine and works well. However, if I were waiting for this second part I would be VERY dissappointed. Not to get into any spoilers, but the ending was cut a little short. The villains never get killed or take one, but it ends it with the whole ""hope"" message like RAGE which also♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off as it's like reading a story and then someone tore out the last few pages before the hero's confrontation with the villain.All in all, now I would say it's worth the money but considering the kickstarter behind it, the amount of time it's taken and other issues like with Spacebase DF9 being incomplete I'd say not to support Double Fine's games unless they're COMPLETE as they have proven that even given a year they can't finish a game that they had recieved a stupid amount of money over."
,Recommended,232790,17939050,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Bruno,"Broken Age is an above average Point & Click Adventure game. It's not cut from the same cloth as the classic LucasArts games, but it's worth playing if you are a fan of the genre. It carries a lot of beautiful art and music, plus some great writing here and there in a story that has it's moments but ended up uneven and forgettable when I reached the ending credits. I'd score it 7/10."
,Recommended,232790,29570323,Posted: 29 January,all,Ser Ilyn Payne,What a pleasant surprise. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,232790,12589640,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Triissa,Loved Act 1! Act 2 is taking too long though.
,Recommended,232790,12754519,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,FakeSword,"Broken Age is one of the most disappointing adventure games of the past 5 years, but it's at least worth trying maybe, it's first half is really strong only to dip hugely in quality for a sloppy rushed boring annoying confusing second act."
,Not Recommended,232790,23763685,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,mEEmM4star von U🥛,"For a game that had a kikstarter backing of 3.5 million dollars you would expect for it to be amazing, but no somehow it is worse than Daikatana. Don't buy it is a complete waste of your money, I would rather play a mediocre game like Mighty No. 9 than this garbage."
76561198070938892,Not Recommended,232790,30503015,Posted: 13 March,all,Rainon,"I must've missed this in the description or comments, but I think this is a game for younger kids? I was thoroughly bored out of my mind in the first 15 mins. I had high hopes but unfortunately I was very disappointed :("
76561198050498370,Recommended,232790,13145095,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,wellknownq8,"Players who didn't try Point & Click adventures, try this one it has very nice dialogs/scenario. where others old school Point & Click Masters add this to your library it's not excellent but nice.And I really -really- advise all players to WAIT for ACT2 of the game then play it.*still waiting ACT2 after finishing ACT :'("
76561198001672691,Not Recommended,232790,15631024,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,"Ben 10""","I cant even comprehend how such an awesome story from the first one was ruined in the second act.The second act was so unintuitive and non sensical, EVEN AFTER A WALKTHROUGH it was almost impossible for everything to be timed perfectly in the end scene. The first act may have been a bit easy but the story was interesting. The second half literally makes no sense and the story is somthing a elementry student could have written.The second half doesnt expand the area either, its literally the same part of the first game inverted with puzzles that have no sense behind it. I wish I just torrented this garbage its clear no effort was put into the second half."
76561197983419516,Recommended,232790,12761101,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,=ASJA= [WCK]Aimbot,"A point and click with fun an interesting characters. It is short, as this is only episode one, but I enjoyed the time I got from it. It is mostly for the story, characters, and setting though. It is not challenging, and again, it is short. I'd recommend it on sale and I do want to see the next episode."
76561198063863127,Recommended,232790,12735184,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,GurneyGuy,I love this game. It's a bit expensive and short (at the moment) but it is extremely interesting and fun. The ending of act 1 just... makes you think. 10/10
76561198028160060,Not Recommended,232790,15636000,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Morally Bankrupt Fish,"The game is very interesting at first, but when it moves into act 2 it drops the very interesting concept of 'broken age' and just becomes some plot twisting nonsense about eugenics. Moreover, I have never expected that someone can think of plot twists that can be both very suprising and very disappointing at the same time. After first act I expected ""Broken Age"" to be much more refined than this filthy-peasantry-level game that I got in the end."
76561198120424765,Recommended,232790,13287556,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Emily,ye
,Recommended,232790,9360337,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Top Nep,"Broken Age's charming dialogue and gorgeous art style is unfortunately coupled with safe, lacklustre puzzles. I do recommend it on the merit of its quirky characters--just don't expect satisfying gameplay."
,Recommended,232790,9537472,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Babayaga,Excellent beginning. Schafer still has that zany sense of style and orginal concepts. I'm looking forward to the continuation.
76561198032415486,Not Recommended,232790,31513856,Posted: 2 May,all,Hazukichan,"A fairly short adventure game in the old-school style of ""do really weird, nonsensical things to progress"". Does that sound like fun, kids?...No?Okay, maybe check out some of the less oldschool efforts to reinvent the genre that various devs have put out.Admittedly, there is some nice voice acting. There is some amusing writing. There are some interesting locations and characters. The elements of a reasonably enjoyable adventure game are there, they're just not strung together very well, and after all the time it took Double Fine to release Act 2, it really doesn't contain that much new content... so much as it slightly alters some existing locations and generally faffs about in them for longer than advisable.This game seems to add further supporting evidence to a theory I've had for a while now... that there is no ace designer (in this case Tim Schafer), no great development studio, that can be relied upon to put out an amazing game every single time. Nobody's infallible, and no matter how hard a gang of hardened game development veterans try, sometimes their efforts are going to amount to something lesser than one might ideally have wished for. I don't know, maybe the documentary explains a bit of what happened here... didn't watch it, so can't comment accurately on that.Moreover, I can't really recommend this game unless it's on fairly major saleandyou're prepared to either google a walkthrough or... well, get stuck, fairly often. I think I managed part 1 on my own, but part 2? There it goes off the rails with the 'puzzles'."
,Recommended,232790,18312324,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Mr.Cuddles,BEST GAME EVER
76561198093827298,Recommended,232790,20417962,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,restlessfool,great game point and click puzzles and quirky characters
76561198052159681,Recommended,232790,15435429,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,PAPA PIMP,"From the creator of Full Throtle, Psychonauts and of course the amazing Grim Fandango.Tim Schafer brings us a childish adventure game with a story that goes nowhere. Now...don´t get me wrong the art style is fantastic, the characters are interesting and compelling and the world is well crafted.Episode 1:It´s probably the best episode in the game....it presents us to the characters and the beautiful world.Even the twist at the end of the episode is kinda cool....butEpisode 2:This is where it falls apart. Where episode 1 had ♥♥♥♥ing awesome landscapes and characters too meet...episode 2 has non of that. It´s basicly backtracking. You go through the same areas you went in episode 1, you talk to the same characters, the interesting characters that appeared episode 1 are absent, and it´s overral a boring tedious process. Also, when episode 1 ended with a great twist....the story in Broken age turns into nonsense. Aliens. Yeahhhhh...really original. Oh..and i almost forgot. The voice acting is well acted and dialogue and interesting and funny at times. They had Jack Black,Elijah Wood and Will Wheaton...and they do very well with what they´re given. But i feel that that Tim Schafer kinda dropped the ball with this one.  I mean...this game is made by a guy, who in the past made a game about a Grim reaper that worked for a company in the after life. How can he not think of a better ending and story to this game???Also the last puzzle in this game is tedious and long....it doesn´t require thinking...it´s just...uhhhhhhDo i recommend this game?Well.....yeah.....why?I don´t know...i kinda like it...putting aside the fact that this game is made for a little kids and not for fans of the older games...it´s a pretty well put together game.-It has an amazing soundtrack- Great visuals-Well written dialogue-Fantastic voice acting-Some puzzle are smart and really bring that old school feel to it-The characters are interesting- The world that Double Fine productions crafted here is a beautiful oneBroken age gets a 7/10"
,Recommended,232790,8895159,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Virus_Kid.exe™,"Yes it's short. I beat it in around three hours. However, this is only the first act. The game is amazing, nailing it's voice acting, script, and comedy down easily. It's puzzles are simple, and you don't have to think TOO hard, however that's not the main point. I'd have to say though, you'd probably be better off buying it when act 2 comes out."
76561198024936579,Recommended,232790,8925383,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Chattson,"Great game so far, it's not very long but the story's awesome."
,Recommended,232790,15782713,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,KublaiKhan,a
76561198006849221,Recommended,232790,21781250,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,rjazz2,Sweet and cute. Like your Mom.
,Not Recommended,232790,13899729,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,DoctorBaby,"There's a lot of reasons to not like this game, to be honest. To keep it brief: I can't fathom how other people managed to spend 4 hours in one playthrough of this game. It took me 2 hours and I really, really explored around. It's an incredibly short game without very much substance at all. That would be fine if this had been released at $5, but for it's price the game feels almost disingenuous in everything it does - like it's goal was and has been to pretend like it's something bigger and better than it really is for just long enough to get your money.I wouldn't say that it's irredeemable - the writing is interesting and there were some pretty funny parts. But at no point would I say the gameplay was fun or intelligent. Maybe when the second half eventually releases it will be more of a game, but for now I can't recommend spending any amount of money or time on this game."
,Not Recommended,232790,33907458,Posted: 30 July,all,Caffae,I didn't particularly like this game but I heard a lot of others did so I stuck with it for 2 hours...There is a bit of a plot here as you go through the story but your life in the game is pretty controlled and really really boring. It just repeats itself unless you actually manage to trigger something interesting but I don't feel like I actually get much choice to do anything... Basically there is only one way to progress in either stories so it's just been really dull and unenjoyable for me.
76561198085210814,Recommended,232790,15782393,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Egg,dis game is like good i  guess
,Recommended,232790,23656628,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Coffee Mutt,10/10Loved it!
76561198045315636,Not Recommended,232790,19513653,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Fsmonster,boring as hell
76561198127065917,Recommended,232790,16501768,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,lewisdavies9655,EPIC GAME!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,232790,9996864,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Mightydoot,"Amazing. 10/10, just but it and play it."
76561198121203990,Not Recommended,232790,20307280,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,arschy,"It pains me to do this because I enjoyed every second of the game, but I just can't condone either the way it was made, nore the rushed ending."
76561198107474153,Not Recommended,232790,20405364,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,PastelWraith,The first half of the game is great. Afterward it gets very dull. If you're curious wait for a sale. It is by no means worth the full price.
,Not Recommended,232790,15686802,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,mukhlisz,Infuriating puzzles are infuriating.I don't know where all that 3 mil went to because i sure as heck don't see it. i didn't have fun with the puzzles at all and the story wasn't what they sold me before. yes i mad.SKIP THIS GAME! >:(
76561198033046217,Recommended,232790,15101534,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Wat,
76561198047521912,Recommended,232790,14205195,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,EggManZ,"It disturbs me to learn that not only is Tim on the wrong side of Gamer Gate, but that he is also pulling the Anita stunt with raising a ton of money to do something low-budget over a long period of time.With that said, I honestly enjoyed what he's done so far with the game. Broken Age has pleasing artwork, tricky puzzles (not as hard as some point-and-click adventures I've played), a good story and soundtrack. They ending to the first Act has left me pretty pepped for the next one, however I'd be pretty disappointed if the second act is the rest of the game, assuming it's as long as the first act.Here's a message for Tim Shcafer: I expect from you not a Fine game, not a Double Fine game, but a TRIPLE Fine game. You've been in the business long enough. Put your back into it and make Broken Age your best game yet!"
76561198002784244,Recommended,232790,14993966,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,pred,Funny and nice!
,Recommended,232790,14910454,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,kay.willow,"A beautiful game with an interesting story and relatable characters. Definitely enjoyed playing and will be looking into the next part when it comes out.Do NOT, however, recommend paying full price for this game -- it's quite short and only part one of an ongoing story. It's just not $25 worth of game. For the price I got it ($8) it was much more reasonable. So when there's a sale, though, go for it!Also, is it just me, or are there 45 achievements, none of which are possible to get in the game...?"
76561198127760366,Recommended,232790,14967568,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,kristophrobin,"I liked the visual, the music and some of the dialogues. Basically, it's an interactive animated movie, so don't expect a great deal of 'gaming' - just watch it and enjoy the athmosphere."
,Recommended,232790,8943262,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,hellcat901,"This game was amazing, the graphics the art alone is awesome. This to me is a must get."
76561198036778609,Recommended,232790,12496401,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Anaconda,Great game and wonderful to play and listen to deffinetly worth the cost just wish act two was out aswell
76561197997719847,Recommended,232790,14545811,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ehanig,Very enjoyable.
76561198074183924,Recommended,232790,14564780,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,MostLikelyLaura,"It's funny.  Not as easy as I was lead to believe, but I'm not too adept at point and click adventures.  Will be much more rewarding when the second part comes out.  It's either a Yes or No for recommendation: I'd give it a So-So if I had the option—It's worth it, but only if it is on a great sale."
76561198021709953,Recommended,232790,20452417,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,skooter 3.14159,Terrific story and game writing!
,Recommended,232790,20465488,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,bieberle4,"i wish there was a neutral button, this is it, the story is ok ish, but it is a p;oint and click in every way. be prepared to be frustrated at your logic being wrong and they you spend 20 mins trying to use everything with everything."
,Recommended,232790,14425738,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,[HoD]Smiley,"A short game with a cliffhanger ending... but interesting nonetheless.  This is one of those 'out there' type of story-driven games that really makes you scratch your head at times.  That said, the game is put together really well and is interesting.  While not overly amusing as games like Deponia, it does have some moments that make you chuckle... Worth it on sale, but not much more due to the very short play time and current lack of follow-up."
,Recommended,232790,14426549,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,s▼ni†y burgl∆r,"Very well-made game. It's simple, yet so much to it. It has a lot of personality to it, very good voice acting, character animations and great humor. I liked playing as Shay because I was able to relate to him in some ways, being stuck in routine, and being over-protected by his mother(?)."
,Recommended,232790,14406023,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Lechim Koval,"I played this game with a friend of mine for the first time. He liked the art style so he bought it. We got so caught up in the story that we played through the whole game in one sitting. I will tell you up front this is not a game that you play for the action. However if you want a game that will wrap you up in a story so intriguing, suspenseful, and to be perfectly honest mind blowing if you take time to really think about all the details that tie together. Then you are going to love Broken Age. (Until you beat Act 1. Then you will hate them for not releasing Act 2 quicker.) Also if you pay attention You should get quite a laugh, as they were not shy about filling this game with comedy relief and off color jokes(All of which is buried in innuendo so you need to pay attention). As far as point and click adventures go this one set the bar high. I would definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,232790,25775312,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,ella,לא הבנתי.
76561197993488721,Recommended,232790,26279392,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,psirving,"Every Double Fine game is quarky, cute, and fun."
,Recommended,232790,12649103,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Leahtronic,"Story-driven point-and-click andventure game, but more whimsical & upbeat than the others in the genre. Addresses gender issues in a subtle and sophisticated, non-confrontational way with humor and lightheartedness.Some mechanics that impress me: It successfully adds tension to your choices without an artificial timer, adds new interactive affordances based on where you walk, and gives you more walkable direction choices aside from the obvious.JACK BLACK AS FAT MAN IN THE CLOUDS. Um, THISSY von SO MUCH THIS, Jr.!I cannot recommend this game any harder, but if I could... I would lead a life devoted to upping my skill of recommending this game harder."
,Recommended,232790,14801725,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,zerepzerreitug,"This game is gorgeous. It may not be the most challenging adventure game ever created, but I think that was never the real point of these kinds of games. Story-wise it is really engaging, and I liked the whole visual style and characters. Looking forward for Act II"
76561198043764066,Recommended,232790,20436272,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,IkoN Clan Les legi 102 community,"And a few years later, Broken Age is finally whole. I don't think many of us were expecting such a long wait for its story to be concluded."
,Not Recommended,232790,33006247,Posted: 29 June,all,Toldry,"I usually don't like point-and-click role playing games, and this game is no exception.Very dull."
,Recommended,232790,12507524,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Billstock802,"Excellent game.... if part 2 releases soon, and has a production value consistent with the 1st."
76561198396032239,Not Recommended,232790,33078600,Posted: 1 July,all,clayton_wadsworth,"Sorry Broken Age, but you are like getting a christmas present in the most beautiful box ever, to open it and find a stack of homework. BEAUTIFUL art, gorgeous animation, great voice acting... horrible gameplay. The fact that you basically have to sit through EVERY SINGLE dialogue option, for EVERY SINGLE person/item makes it feel like they are intentionally trying to draw out this boring story as long as possible, and I had enough. I wanted to like this game so bad, but after an hour and a half I have realized that love myself too much than to dedicate any more time trying to finish this boring journey."
76561198098008551,Recommended,232790,14825355,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,SoFluffy,wish the act 2 would be mad eby now
76561198035989165,Recommended,232790,14828813,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Cruces,"Weird and beautiful. The story is like none I've heard of.There are two worlds. In one world (a primitive and rural country village) you control the girl; in the other (hi-tech sci-fi mothership) - the boy. The events happen in the same time frame.The graphics resemble an oil painting.  Weird and beautiful. The soundtrack is not bad, either.Warning: the second part becomes more... technical. The puzzles rely heavily on mathematical logic."
76561198030458873,Recommended,232790,14646552,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,lcaliari,"Beautifull game... maybe easy but great story. I liked it!Can't wait the next act!Edit after playing act 2:This final act was also very nice... ok, I enjoyed sincerely most the first part. Only because that the puzzle seems to be the same between Shai and Vella. But the interaction between the two protagonists gives more dynamism to the game.Great scenario, voices and musics (especially the performance of our little hexa friends)And I have to admit that listening to the voice of Frodo on Shai character is quite amusing :op"
,Recommended,232790,14588832,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Arcite,pretty short (I heard there's a part 2 coming soon?) but its art is beautiful and I enjoy the story
,Recommended,232790,31475954,Posted: 30 April,all,Jearvin,this game has a good story
76561198121903895,Recommended,232790,20435114,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,chandanjayne,Delightful. Sounds like their should be a but or a well added to it and their isn't. Grim Fandago had it's own universe and now their's another good game with it's own!
,Recommended,232790,20450753,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,TheAlmightyFez,A suprisngly fun game 8/10
76561198002145309,Recommended,232790,20463255,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,lretherford,"Steam blows with this recommend system, I'm clearly like the 4214677  person to say this. I guess I have to vote yes as a point and click adventure fan, but barely. Honestly this is weak sauce as far as story , puzzles and the humor he is so known for. But damn, if you are reading this  you having nothing else to play at this point...."
,Recommended,232790,20456429,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,voiceofangel,Act 1 made me really like this game.Act 2 sucks♥♥♥♥♥
76561198043404730,Recommended,232790,14464032,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,pommyking,A fantastic game perfect for modern day nitwits to dip their toes into the lost age of the point and click adventure. Colorful and and humorous the game had already made me dead set on acuiring the second act at the begining of the game.
76561198196706928,Recommended,232790,14488092,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,sfcmattingly,I enjoyed this game and my 6 year old loves it too!  It was nice that he and I could interact and talk about a game that isn't all cuts and gore.
,Recommended,232790,14522892,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,bakhtar,"I've had this in my wishlist for a while, debating on whether or not I should purchase. SO GLAD I DID! Not only is it a wonderful point and click, the story line is wonderfully magical, the characters are relatable and hilarious (albeit very dry humor, but I loved it and I usually love obvious Monkey Island/Book of Unwritten Tales type humor), and the sceneries painted for each character are SO BEAUTIFUL! Love every aspect of this game, and can't WAIT for Act II! Please hurry :)"
,Recommended,232790,12605320,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Quilynn,"Lovely story. Amazing artwork. Decent characters. The gameplay is very basic, and the puzzles are mostly uninspired, but there were a few fun, creative puzzles. However, the engaging story and beautiful imagery are enough to make this game an experience I enjoyed. It's extremely light on the content side, however I understand that the game is unfinished, and that we're getting act 2 right away. I got this game on sale and I can't say it's worth the regular price of 27.99. I finished the game after about 5 hours (I went to sleep with it open, so my play time is not accurate.)"
76561198190375506,Not Recommended,232790,28725150,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jleanse23,Immediately boring and shrill. Writers think they are funnier than they are.
,Recommended,232790,12596307,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,raanve,"Beautifully done in pretty much every respect, with the Double Fine sense of humor and a classic point-and-click adventure feel."
76561198042590261,Not Recommended,232790,29109130,Posted: 7 January,all,Toxic Larva,I don't recommend this game
76561198065771453,Recommended,232790,12621328,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Theo personal best Furry run,I can fap to dem cake ♥♥♥♥♥es!12/10 would fap again
,Recommended,232790,13248498,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Deathrock,Worth a play through for any fan of the old school point and clicks.
,Recommended,232790,13242067,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Marekai,"Heartwarming story, beautiful art, charming gameplay. 10/10"
76561197970122064,Recommended,232790,13257246,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,XIII,"I am only a bit into the game and am enjoying it greatly. The art is wonderful, the music is simply amazing and the story so far is quite intriguing. With all of this you also get smiles, and some giggles. This is a  point and click game with heart.Once you play it; you'll get it."
76561198096955847,Recommended,232790,14787339,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,sasha,"An amazing game, totally worth it. It relies on choices and overall gives you a good laugh. Although it is eerie at times."
76561198003863624,Recommended,232790,14801517,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,JiMy360,"I bought this game with soundtrack when it was on sale in christmas and I finished it. Very good game with amazing soundtracks and beautiful atmosphere.. Love the idea of adventure, point&click something but, that one had little bit complicated puzzles in game and i needed to look for it in online guides... Story and different worlds idea maybe good but sometimes you just feel like ""Hey, What's going on??"".. And one more thing you can't achieve anything because THERE ARE NO STEAM ACHIEVEMENTS IN ACT I !!!  so waiting for ""Act II""In my opinion you should wait for the sale and give it a change! Otherwise it's quite expensive i think.."
,Not Recommended,232790,28496788,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Snail,Blunder of the century
76561198271890346,Recommended,232790,31466293,Posted: 30 April,all,bulby,best game ever
76561198125772101,Recommended,232790,15615304,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,chica the chicken,where is act 2 you said its out i dont see it can you help me?thanks
,Recommended,232790,20417417,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,:Puffinfresh!:,Do not share personal information or engage in witch-hunting. It is a bannable offense. Please report posts that do.
,Recommended,232790,12383287,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Frederik,"Broken Age ReviewFinal results: 9,3/10Broken Age. A very unique and relaxing game. A beautiful crafted world with a cozy magical atmosphere and interesting characters. The game runs on a dialogue function similar to Telltale Games where we can enjoy character development our own way. I'm not much for indie games but this really caught my attention. This may actually be the title that will change my view on games in the future. Should you play Broken Age? Absolutely. It is built on stories with puzzles and have that classic indie sensation but still use modern technology. The game actually has some panic moments where you need to be extra vigilant while solving well thought out puzzles. All this with a beautiful soundtrack I strongly recommend Broken Age."
,Not Recommended,232790,15177876,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Wiseblind,Double fine tricked us once again.OVER A YEAR to get the second EPISODE. This is beyond ridiculous.This was the last game that I bought from them.
76561197994950481,Recommended,232790,13246765,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,joelkk,It's an interactive +40hrs movie. Interactive deductive thinking. Nothing else like this. The live orchestra adds intrinsic depth to the experience.
76561198029403467,Not Recommended,232790,25387699,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Too_Old_For_This,"""one person"" just decided to play on nostalgia of their old fans."
76561198049183091,Recommended,232790,12542058,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,CanisLupus4285,"A classic Tim Schafer point-and-click adventure game, with interesting and odd puzzles that are very fun, very amusing dialogue, and a very intriguing story line. Also unlike more classic point-and-click adventures, this isn't ridiculously difficult - whether this is a pro or con is up to opinions. Part two is mildly disappointing after the first half - it isn't bad, it just isn't as interesting as it lacks any new environments, a shame since the environmental design is one of the most beautiful parts of this game. Still, worth a buy."
,Not Recommended,232790,15589191,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Con,Overall pretty lackluster and way too easy for a point and click game.  I honestly don't think I'll even bother with Part 2.  This probably wasn't worth $20 something and definitely wasn't worth 3.3 mil.
76561198106528788,Recommended,232790,12483047,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,sunnyshadows13,This game is awesome.
,Not Recommended,232790,15597020,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,pervycreeper,"Broken GameIt's official: Tim Schafer has killed adventure games twice, We thought that he was some kind of wonderful jolly fat man who would bring whimsy and magic into our lives, but it turns out he's just a narcissistic jerk who holds gamers in contempt.This game is overly short. The humor is contrived and cheesy. Thematically, it has nothing significant to say (I think it's about different kinds of bad parents or something, typical.), The puzzles are not fun, and not challenging or interesting. There are many interesting elements to the art, which I enjoyed occasionally, but style is not consistent, and visual elements do not cohere well (not to mention that the resources seem to be optimized for mobile, with low resolutions an color depths). The voices were poorly cast, and the performances were pretty bad, even for 2010s-game-standards. I was especially annoyed by whoever voiced Merrick the wolf (what a terrible idea to do that voice).After years of delays and millions of dollars, I have to ask: What were they thinking?Thanks for taking a dump all over my childhood."
76561198031370925,Recommended,232790,15643144,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Curious Duck,"Let me just start out by saying that I bought this when it first appeared on Steam a year ago. I played through the first act then replayed it when the second act was released.The visual style of the game is quite outstanding. It gives you a sense that you are on the inside of a comic book. On top of this you have the quite smooth and flowing animations with both foreground and background objects. You will also note slight references within the game towards films or certain things.The game uses several voice actors for the characters within the game. You have Elijah Wood Voicing the main character (Shay), Jack black For Harm'ny Lightbeard, Will Wheaton for the Lumberjack and Jennifer Hale as Mom. As some of these are quite big names the budget for the game was quite high. The ambient sounds and effects throughout are quite calming and nice to accompany the animations.This is a point and click game in which brings in some standard elements from that type of game. You have an inventory area in which at some points you use to combine objects. For the use of finding something that you can interact with is an easy thing to do, as if you hover the mouse over the area it will change allowing you to click and interact. As with any point and click game it also adds the element of clicking and dragging.Puzzles are always a huge aspect of point and click games. I have always felt that nowadays puzzle games tend to lack any sense of difficulty to them and instead just hand you stuff on a platter for you to scoop up. I feel this game doesn't do that and serves up some top rather intriguing puzzles. Some of the puzzles may seem difficult and impossible to pass however the game gives you hints and clues through dialogue or things within the scene. These help the player push towards getting the right set of things in order to complete the solution.For me this was a worthwhile investment as I felt that the game offered me more entertainment time wise for the amount that I paid. As very rarely do I see a good point and click game that isn't from Daedalic."
,Recommended,232790,20251830,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Voodooman,"I missed all that kickstarter drama with delays and unmet expectations, and just got game recently so i have pretty much clear unbiased opinion:THIS GAME IS AWESOME! Best Quest game since Deponia and Monkey Island remakes which revived my interest to genre! I DONT FREAKING GET WHY EVERYONE WHINING? Puzzles of act 2 got harder? Its freaking great! Why would anyone with brain complain that quest is hard and require to think and do some guessing and trial and error? Some puzzle required actions of 2 characters and that was not obvious to your tiny brain? Damn, this was predictable from begining that 2 characters had to interact at some point, plus game composed in such a manner that when you stuck with one char or getting borred you switching to another and sort of playing different game until you switch back to previous character, so at one point or another you will solve this puzzle accidentally until you are brain dead, which i think you are if you give this game a negative review.Act 2 feels different? It surely must, because... what a plot twist in the end of act 1, its totally a game changer! Pst, dont tell anyone!Art direction is awesome, and reminds psychonauts a lot but yet has something special and unique to this game, story is awesome and i think much better written than psychonauts (which had quite anticlimatic ending with pretty ruined intrigue, and nobody really complained about it). gameplay yet reminds best of old school quests, yet it keeps UI and simplicy of controls of modern quest (well at least you dont have to choose bettween pull, get, talk, look, etc, which always was frustrating about old quests), while some puzzles may look like weird puzzle from old era, they are pretty logical and if you listen and observe things around you, you will notice how intelligent implementation of tips that could push your logic into thinkink right direction, in context of narration.Music is awesome, atmosphere is awesome, the only thing that i found bad in this game - VERY LOW RESOLUTION OF MANY TEXTURES AT CLOSE UPS SCENES, they should have drawn more detailed bgs and extras for such scenes instead of magnifying existing textures to a point where DDS compression artifacts and blurines of low resolution starts to hurt eyes and in general great look for game. Such a low res overcompressed textures unacceptable in 2015.But even with this flaw, its hard to give this game negative review, it think its best Double Fine game since Psychonauts, its even better than Brutal Legend, it feels more interesting and engaging and it cant stop playing it since i started few days ago."
,Not Recommended,232790,33897270,Posted: 29 July,all,OrrickAL,I love it only because i can listen to Elijah Wood's voice and feel sad because he always sounds like he's about to cry.
,Recommended,232790,10473929,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,cns,Double Fine Made This.Buy It
,Recommended,232790,10476501,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,sparkeypants,"This game is incredible. Amazing art stye, great voice acting, an interesting story... it's got everything. The soundtrack is phenomenal, you can tell that a lot of thought went into it and it works brilliantly."
76561198133597323,Recommended,232790,10469886,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Jammy,this game is fun and full of puzzels perfect for people who wants a challenge you have a range of different options  and is loads of fun cant wait till next part
76561197985822206,Recommended,232790,10471729,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,[House13] Tankersley,"Highly recommended, very funny. Act one is pretty short (3-4 hours) but the steam version also comes with Act 2 (when its released) so expect 3-10 hours. Definitely worth picking up (especially if you can catch it when its on sale)."
76561198116705266,Recommended,232790,10677097,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,waluigiyoshi44,"Awesome story, and sweet music, can't wait for the next act"
76561198049703532,Recommended,232790,10696377,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,akuri99,good but short
,Recommended,232790,10696924,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Eunu,"I genuinely enjoyed the entirety of Broken Age--when I wasn't smiling I was laughing out loud from the absurd characters and their energized dialogue.Pros:Snappy adventure gameplayBeautiful art styleZany charactersCons:Short playtimePredictabilityThere are plenty of unusual situations and puzzles, and the puzzles were sensible enough that none of them sent me to Google to solve. Also, if you dig its art style, you'll enjoy many of the set pieces with great camera direction. The characters are often memorable and almost always slightly off.Unfortunately, Broken Age is still only Act I, so the playtime is about 4 hours. They're great hours, but they go by fast. The other caveat is that it seems to target tweens, and so many of the plot beats are predictable. There were definitely a few unexpected twists, but the hints leading to the big reveal were as obvious as a camera zooming on a shifty-eyed dog, ahem, which might have taken all the wind out of its sails were it not for a brilliant red herring leading up to the climax.Overall, Broken Age is a joy to play, and I'm looking forward to Act II when it is released, which I suspect will have the opportunity to add a great deal of depth now that the stage has been properly set by the events in Act I."
,Recommended,232790,10788605,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sparrowhawk,"Broken Age is a game whose beautiful hand-drawn art style, wonderful music, and well-crafted story are only brought down a notch by the first act's short length. I have absolutely zero complaints about purchasing this and I eagarly await the second act."
,Recommended,232790,10600411,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Lyzz,"As usual, DoubleFine and Tim Schafer do not disappoint. Everything about this game is awesome, from the intriguing, interwoven storylines, to the unique and well-developed characters, to the scenery and voice acting and soundtrack, and just. Ugh. What an great game. Can't wait for Act 2!"
,Recommended,232790,10554531,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Morriazh,"I love the style, art and story... definitely worth the money!!!"
76561198004415836,Recommended,232790,10640729,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Nasco Margorn,This is a nice point and click adventure. A little cutesy but still good. I can play it while my kids watch and they are entertained and I don't worry about them getting nightmares. It is good enough that I plan to beat this game whenever I find the time.
76561198037599994,Recommended,232790,10624452,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Nightingale,"This is a very artfully crafted game. The visual art comes to life as though you've been dropped inside a children's story book, except the story has a much darker undertone than the art let's on. So far, I have enjoyed the first episode. Granted, I had a harder time understanding where to get the items I needed to progress on the girl's side of the story. The boy's side was easier for me, but that might be because I played his side after I finished with hers.Both stories, however, are equally interesting plot-wise. They are both struggling with their surroundings, trying to step out of the ""fate"" that has been woven for them. The end of the episode was an interesting twist that left me wanting for more. I can't wait to see what happens to our protagonists, and what the consequences of their actions will turn out to be."
76561198102054524,Recommended,232790,10626923,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ThomasTheDankEngine,"A great game with two great stories that are played out separately but are somehow intertwined. I've recently gotten into point and click games after playing the Deponia trilogy. This game has a good sense of difficulty as I found myself constantly going back and trying to find better ways of completeing the game faster. I cannot wait for the sequel, and I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a modern point and click game with great art and story and interesting characters."
76561197997111764,Recommended,232790,10776689,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Chronoboros,"Great example of an old school adventure game, with a great, focused artistic style. Episode two promises to be even more exciting than episode one, when it hits! Pick this up now!"
76561198035874281,Recommended,232790,10730113,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,sarahchellis,This game is absolutely beautiful. Can't wait for act 2
76561198099204646,Recommended,232790,10724391,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,RazaHellHound,good game had fun hope next part come out soon
76561198031580547,Recommended,232790,10330902,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Blu3bombr,Great game that all fans of adventure games  will love
,Recommended,232790,10760266,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,影の白鳥,"Great game with amazing art. The story provides subtle hints of what's left to come.Voice acting and music are superb! If you love games with a great story, play this."
76561198088805412,Recommended,232790,10752605,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,milo-eleven,"Some of the best music and art I've seen in a long time with a pretty decent script to follow, but I would have to say the puzzles are a little too easy. If you want a fun time with double fine then get this but if your looking for a game a better point and click I would say either go play Deponia or one of their old classics.Still I had fun while it lasted (under 2 hours)"
76561198007500966,Recommended,232790,10751026,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Seaninaf,"So this game is awesome. It has a classic feel, but is sleek and fine tuned. I highly recommend that you play :) I cannot wait until the next chapter comes out!  9/10 point and click adventure only because you have to wait for the next part!"
76561198078085336,Recommended,232790,10740596,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Comeback Kid,"This game is as if Double Fine Productions(The people who made PSYCHONAUTS,which is already a reason why you should buy this game)spent 3.3 million dollars on a game and spent a whole year on it......which they did.It follows the seamlessly combined story of Vella Tartine and Shay Volta,and thats all I can spoil for this game cause it's that good.If you want an adventure filled with comedy,puzzles,SPLARGH,an amazing atmosphere,a giant monster who eats girls dressed as cupcakes and a wolf that lives in the bowels of your ship that watches whatever you do..........Then Buy This Game."
76561197970485996,Recommended,232790,10009015,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,{SOAP} DEFE,Amazing in every way!
,Recommended,232790,9368865,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Liberty Prime,"Very well made game with a creative story, work of art, and an outstanding adventure consisting of two completely different people either escaping a space shuttle or stopping some giant tentacle monster."
76561198067932843,Recommended,232790,10039386,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,That Guy You Know,GAAAAAH!!!! I can't wait for part 2!!!!! DX
76561198055675424,Recommended,232790,10041586,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Prizza Boy,This game is terrible10/10I better go find that knife
,Recommended,232790,10043624,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Paespedro,Great Game!I'm waiting for Act 2!
76561198025327974,Recommended,232790,10033877,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Brian C Hayes,"Fantastic game, bought it to play with my daughter .. she loves it ..wonderfully produced"
,Recommended,232790,10036111,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,meowkitty17,Broken Age was a joy to play as it was just a point and click but bring that it recent games there isn't many point and click games out there! I believe this game will be bring something new to us gamers for in the future and maybe more point and click games will come out. Throughout the game I enjoyed playing it sometimes the with the puzzles I had to take a step back and realise what I was mean to do but a very smooth playthrough can't wait for Act 2!
,Recommended,232790,10036773,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Karingo,Broken Age is a beautifull game with entertaining story and characters.
76561197983550137,Recommended,232790,10037627,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,mr_poopyhead,"great art, music, and voice acting!"
,Recommended,232790,8975218,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Celdyrian,"This game really shows that Tim Schafer definitely still has his touch he had during the golden age of LucasArts. Recent years have seen the rebirth of the Adventure Game genre, and games such as Broken Age are a delightful addition to the market."
,Recommended,232790,8975355,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,steveisboring,"Act 1 was a joy.Positive + + +The storytelling is phenomenal.  The sort that resembles the kind found in a children's book. The character designs are unique, simple, yet beautiful.  The varying Maiden costume designs alone are an imaginative wonder.  Probably the strongest point one should praise this game for is its abundance of absurd humor.  Many jokes are down to earth, help elaborate each character telling them ( versus hinder them ), and most importantly are actually funny!  The puzzle-solving is well-thought out and designed early on to help the player understand the scope of their ability.  As it progresses the puzzles become more abstract, however using common sense, imagination, and if all else fails...cycling through your items until the right thing happens...will not only help solve many of these, but also reward you with unique and hilarious dialogue.  Literally no detail was looked over in designing this game, dialogue-wise.The duo-stories complement each other perfectly.  Although Shay's story is shorter, it is filled with more complex puzzles to solve.  Once again, cycling through your inventory and exploring every crevice is key to solving them.Both stories give a good feeling of accomplishment when puzzles and tasks are finally completed.Negative - - -Many of my negative review points are entirely speculative, and really are inappropriate until the entire thing is released.However, I will review the negative points based entirely on Act 1.First, if Act 2 is the precise length of Act 1 (and ONLY if it's the precise length), then the game is simply too short.  Playing through while putting actual effort in puzzle-solving, I managed to complete Act 1 in just less than five hours.  While those five hours were incredibly fun, playing a game which realistically can be completed entirely in only eight to ten hours is disappointing.  Be aware that this game is the epitome of quality over quantity, however there is a desperate need to have more quantity of such quality, if only because of how amazing the world experience is to live through!  There's so much that needs to be explored.  What are the other villages like!?  What are the stories behind many of the other characters!?  Is this world hiding a whole other continent of amazing people!?  If Act 2 is just as short as Act 1, then the game missed an opportunity to elaborate on an amazing, thought-provoking world.Second, some of the talking dialogue is strange.  As an example of this,  on some options where Vella is responding, the things which the voice actress must say seems both awkward and inappropriately executed.  This, however, should be ignored because the natural flow of a conversation can't truly be established when you can repeatedly select random dialogue, which might or might not be an appropriate response in the hierarchy of scripted responses.  For what it is, the game does a fine job, and the witty and hilarious dialogue is spectacular.Finally, it is not made clear what will happen to my soundtrack download which I purchased.  Will I be receiving it in an email download link!?  Will it be available only after Act 2 is released!?  Some elaboration beforehand would be nice.Other than those small points, this game is a spectacular and relaxing experience.  I would not recommend it to the Neanderthalic COD players that populate much modern gaming; however it's made thoroughly clear that this game is not meant for them anyway.  For anyone looking to sit down, enjoy a well-written story, and teat their puzzle-solving skills...this game is right up your ally.On a final note:  Everything above, positives and negatives, are made all the more impressive considering how it was backed on Kickstarter by 87k people ( the names of which are revealed at the end of the credits.  Every...single...one...You can, however, use the mouse scroll to rush through each of them ).  This game is the best example of what happens when the people ban together and independently support amazing talent to create a unique and amazing game, which in the current gaming client would simply not be possible otherwise!  This is a success for indie game supporters, indie game developers, and for unique artistic merit that deserves to be talked about for years to come!  Let's hope with XBone, PS4, WiiWare, and of course...Steam and Kickstarter respectively, developers will be able to bring to life unique and exciting gameplay, stories, and experiences for many years to come!I would highly recommend this game to those looking for something different than generic tired old shooters can provide.  Thank you Double Fine for the privilege to experience what is, thus far, a welcomed and memorable gaming experience which in this player's overall opinion far outweighs the few negatives.  Here's to an exciting Act 2!Vincent"
,Recommended,232790,8976265,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,EthanMoore,Texturally gorgeous both literaly and figuratively. Waiting happily fot Act 2. [ Argh that cliffhanger though! ]
,Recommended,232790,8976736,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Poeta Solum,Buy. This. Game.
76561198068465968,Recommended,232790,8979650,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Crit Happens,"Please buy this game. I can't reccomend it enough. The 2 great - and I mean truly great - things about it are the art, and the ending. After finishing this game, I just sat there, staring at the screen, putting the pieces together in my mind. This game is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,232790,8980841,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Helvetica Standard,Its ayt
,Recommended,232790,8981111,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,IndiasMafia,"absolutly love it. Extremely indepth, hillarious, creative writing that you just dont see in many games."
76561198026590325,Recommended,232790,8981473,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Godwin,"Absolutely beautiful game in every single way, very interesting storyline and it has definitely made me feel very strongly, would recommend."
76561197969855792,Recommended,232790,8982492,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Shabakun,"The game is almost perfect on every respect. The only criticism I can make is that the puzzles are a little too easy, but given that it's only the first act, it makes sense to gradually increase the difficulty not to scare off unexperienced adventure players."
,Recommended,232790,8982607,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Dingo Stole My Keyboard,Take a point and click game that is made by Tim Schaffer and you have Broken Age.
,Recommended,232790,8994927,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,lit,"Fantastic storytelling & art style wrapped in somewhat simplistic puzzles. A brilliant experience nonetheless, highly recommended if you're looking for a short & sweet nostalgia trip."
76561198078779782,Recommended,232790,8995728,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Lancelot,BEST PLOT TWIST EVER
76561198114451535,Recommended,232790,8996473,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,HawkEye 90,"If you grew up playing the old DOS point and click adventures, then you will love this game. The dual story is wonderful, the best i've played in awhile. The game looks great and the characters are wonderful. I also enjoy the slight and adorable humor this game puts out. I can't wait for act 2 because this game has got me hooked and I'm waiting to see how this story ends."
,Recommended,232790,8997165,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Taylor,ffffffffffffffff**kkkkkkkkkkk yyyyyeeeeeeeeeessssssssssssssssssssssssss
,Recommended,232790,8997182,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,THECOATHANGERINURMAN'SVAGINA,love it
,Recommended,232790,8928928,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,pfournier33,"No brainer if you love old LucasArts adventure games. It's not very difficult but the characters and the weird settings are the point, not the challenge.Come on Act 2!"
76561198006713288,Recommended,232790,8929676,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Icarium,Really liked it.  Can't wait for Act 2!
76561198053487880,Recommended,232790,8930932,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,SmugglinPunkins,"A deliberate, and satisfying callback to the classic 90's adventure game. What I love about Broken Age is that it is exactly the game creative director Tim Schafer wanted to make when the idea sprung up in his enigmatic little head. In an industry insistent on pumping out the same pattern of homogenous, committee designed, focus tested, hormonal teenage boy marketed, soulless piles of cash-grab slog with each installment, we finally have a game of the modern day that is the blooming manifested wonder that its developer always wanted it to be.Broken Age is unique and intriguing. It is charming and imaginative. It has character, heart, sincerity, and a level of unmatched artistic talent. The puzzles are challenging without being frustrating. Its two parallel stories run together with seemingly minor connections, but have similarities that pair together thematically, and the ability to switch between the two stories at any time ensures that boredom is impossible. I can recommend Broken Age for a lot of reasons. It really is a gem, and if you enjoy a good story, puzzles, and smiling, you'll enjoy this too."
,Recommended,232790,8931799,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Velodie,just finsihed act one and all i can say is fantastic. cant wait for act 2 !! love this game
,Recommended,232790,8999315,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Ravenholm,"Incredible work from the Double Fine team, beautiful artwork, immersive story and an A list cast. Do no let the seperate acts scare you away from this game as it is a must play."
76561198035343553,Recommended,232790,8999912,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Like a Fox,Beautiful!
76561198014545698,Recommended,232790,8999973,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,blazeti,"Very pleased with the results of the Double Fine kickstarter. The visuals are amazing and the storyline (so far) is very intriguing and clever. The puzzles aren't difficult, however, so be sure to enjoy the journey and the storytelling."
76561198068197073,Recommended,232790,8999984,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,WaffleSteak,"This game (imo) has one of the most interesting stories I had the privilege of playing. With it's unqie and beautiful art style you are almost immediately sucked into the game. WIth an average gameplay time of 3hours, it is short, but thanks to its various dialougues it did not bother me. And another great thing about this game is that the Act 2 will be free! :DThis game is an absoulute must if you are looking for a very unique and beautiful story."
,Recommended,232790,9001560,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,biagio68,Not a bad way to kill a few hours.  Very entertaining.  Puzzles a bit obscure.
,Recommended,232790,9003071,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,axe-336,Hilarious.  Artistically delicious.  Manages to keep the serious stuff solid and impactful.You will not soon forget your journey through Broken Age.
76561198049160458,Recommended,232790,9506377,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,iiTompa,"Broken Age is beautifully designed, in a way that brings back childhood memories of point and click games, and the story is wonderful and interesting. Be ready though, because this first part will put forth a lot of questions and you will be anxciously awaiting the second part."
,Recommended,232790,9507561,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Edgewoodblake83,"From the same people who brought us Psychonaughts, comes a unique and interesting game with two stories. Combine that with a very awesome art design and you get something that might be a little different that what you're use to. A point-and-click that will probably tug at your heartstrings. A very solid title."
,Recommended,232790,9508743,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,bitch nelson,I liked it. the characters were likeable and silly and while it wasnt that hard I still found myself at places where i really didnt know what to do. this is my first double fine game since Psychonauts and its good to be playing them again. I really like their style. I cant wait for Act 2
,Recommended,232790,9644459,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,BigNeil,"Best story / adventure game I've played in years. Took a few to get away from instant click gratification mindset that is common in other genres / games like FPS and RPGs.  This is more cereberal; you have to think like the characer a little bit and the game forces you to try to find a way out of the patterns just like them. So to me it was very convincing and engaging, although short since its supposed to be episodic. I'm looking forward to Act 2 coming out soon. Story was just as good if not better than Bioshock Infinite and I didn't have to run around mindless killing hordes of enemies."
76561198083955509,Recommended,232790,9646486,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,FROSTY THE SNOWMAN,i loved the first act of the game. it was so well detailed and i had a ton of fun playing. i can't wait for the second act i wan't to now what happend to vella and shay and i wish i could support the game but i don't know how i would rate it 9.5
,Recommended,232790,9813724,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Kenny Johnson,"Really great for the first half released so far. Some have complained that the puzzles weren't challenging enough. Unfortunately my son spoiled some of them because he watched a play-through on YouTube, but I found some of them to be quite challenging. I even got stuck on one and had to Google it (though mostly because I overlooked picking up the object needed and swore I had been to every area already). But I do think that overall the puzzles were probably a little too easy -- especially when compared to some of the tougher ones from Point-and-click's past.The story, the acting, the writing, and the art style is all top-notch. I won't give anything away, but the end of Act 1 was very satisfying while also providing a great cliff-hanger for part 2. I can't wait to play the next part."
,Recommended,232790,9537878,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Urban Wild,This game is truely beautiful. The artwork is amazing and the storyline is captivating. I cant wait until act 2 comes out!
,Recommended,232790,9539764,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,waffleconsumer,prettty pretty pretttty good
,Recommended,232790,9572826,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Vael Korrine,This is such a good game. There were smelling salts like in psychonauts when you cut the oxygen hose to shay's safety suit without putting that air from the balloon air thing in shay's bedroom.
76561198072257865,Recommended,232790,9574462,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Reider,Awesome game! It's no Full Throttle but it's a gem.
76561197987071921,Recommended,232790,9578748,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Lirale,"Amazing game. Part one was short, yes, but only because it was so good, and you would wish for more. The story is so beautifully crafted, the art style gorgeous, with vivid animation and immersing music. I have been waiting for this game and every last minute of it was worth more than the few bucks I put in. Truly a wonder I'll cherish for years, thanks Double Fine for this amazing adventure."
76561198131574723,Recommended,232790,9747495,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,xGunner26x,Tremendous game with a great ending.  I can't wait for Act 2.
76561198038570351,Recommended,232790,9734766,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Sword Guy,I've never played a better point-and-click adventure.  I can't wait for Act II!
76561198063764012,Recommended,232790,9585989,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,MyCatIsBetterFightMe,"The creators obviously knew how to spend their budget because, other than being visually stunning, this game was brilliantly voice acted. For these reasons alone, I argue this game is worth purchasing. My only compliant is that gameplay time was surprisingly short.So, if you could overlook how quickly you'll probably beat it, Broken Age: Act I is definitely worth a glance. There is no doubt that I will be looking out for Act II."
76561197983613659,Recommended,232790,9587926,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Cabal,"Beautiful, witty, funny, entertaining, but oh so short. I hope Act 2 is released soon and I also hope that it is as good as this one."
,Recommended,232790,9640773,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,HariboFiend,"I love it when game developers value artistic integrity instead of churning out something that will sell. I feel like this is one of those games. Artistic integrity intact but it happens to come in the form of a great consumer product. Great story, great characters and...  Well...  WHAT A TWIST. Was not expecting that at all.I'd recommend playing the boy's story first and then playing the girls. I did and I must say, the end of Act 1 made me pine for more. I wasn't a backer of the project because I wasn't even aware of its existence until 2 weeks before release but I would've gladly backed it."
,Recommended,232790,9557284,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,TheJF,"This Kickstarter-funded game is masterfully crafted, from the beautiful art, to the great voice acting and engrossing story. If you are a fan of point-and-click adventure games, this is a must."
,Recommended,232790,9565831,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,The Skag Fragger,"This is an excellent interactive adventure game. It tells a very unique and engaging story of a boy and a girl, leading to an unexpected ending.There isn't much to do in the game - just point and click, and solve simple puzzles. It is a very good game to play if you're in a casual mood and are looking for an interesting story."
,Recommended,232790,9602583,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,EternityWaits,This was A-MAZE-ING! Definitely get it! I can't wait for Act 2!!!
,Recommended,232790,9602705,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Mika20,Absolutely love it! It is worth purchasing and playing. I can't wait for Act 2 to come out. I must admit this game is incredible and the story is fascinating.
,Recommended,232790,9603576,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Your mom,Broken game for the broken people of broken age.Try it.
,Recommended,232790,9597711,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,overhyped,"It's pretty linear and shorter than I'd have liked, but it's very pretty and I liked the voice acting.  It's not as good as the older point-and-clicks like grim fandango or monkey island, but then what is?  I feel like I paid a lot for this but then I've only played half the game.  I'm looking forward to the second act coming out which tells me that I should recommend the game."
76561197990901476,Recommended,232790,9800465,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Lamen the Mildly Insane,"Man i don't care WHAT the haters are saying. okay sure, the double fine guys should have told us what the  double fine adventuer game would have been  when they had the kickstarter. thats fair to argue about that. but this game itself is a very nice story and classic point and click game with alot of voice acter talents. for exsample, wil wheaton playing as a hipster lumberjack. nuff said. but really this game is really fun and it really is a very good story and the ending to the first chapter is a really surprising twist unless you play both stories at the same time and start noticing the hints  around the world and the story. yup. this game tells the story of 2 different people from two totally different lives and this has no spoliers. one is a young man traped in a space ship piloted by a computer AI that pretty much babies me.... littalery. the other is a young woman who is about to be sacrifised to a terrifying monster, and while the whole village is okay with this, she herself thinks differently and wants to kill the monster"
76561198006257852,Recommended,232790,9188173,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Splendiferous Mitch,Love it!
,Recommended,232790,9174378,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,HelterSkelter937,"point and click as it once was ..easy,clever and right . this game proves it does not take fancy graphics or imba hype to be good it just needs to feel right to play<3"
76561197999778757,Recommended,232790,9768534,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Streetsharkz,Gold.
,Recommended,232790,9827759,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,HereticLocke,"ACT I: So far, it's a very good game, the soundtrack is one of the best I've heard and I'm glad I bought the Game + Soundtrack bundle. It's funny in parts and includes some well-known people like Wil Wheaton voicing Curtis who is very funny (obviously). What blew me away when I first played it was the art, it is beautiful! Double Fine really did a lovely job (well the artists) creating the visuals. It's really pleasing to the eye and everytime I play the game it feels as if it's my first time. The story was interesting but it didn't engage me until the cliffhanger in ACT I. Now I'm thinking about it, what it means literally, figuratively and what could happen next. I can't wait to play ACT II and see what happens next."
,Recommended,232790,9830352,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,awesomocity0,"I hate point-and-click adventure games. I'm that gamer. I like my adventure games to be of the Assassin's Creed variety, and I like my clicking games to be pure puzzlers. So to play a game that has neither the sheer volume of puzzles that puzzlers have and does not boast the freedom which sandbox adventure games boast and actually like it is incredible. Genuinely, I'm in awe. It took a lot of friends quite a bit of convincing to get me to buy this game, and being the non point-and-click adventure type of person I am, I rushed through it. Still, the dialogue was charming, the characters were interesting, the art was beautiful, and the storyline was magnificent.The end of Act I left me practically drooling for Act II. It also didn't hurt that Wil Wheaton was in the game as a hipster lumberjack. Normally inanimate objects have more personality in this game than the entire CoD franchise and their dog. This game is... everything that is right with small game development and a testament to the greatness that is Double Fine. Play this game, friends. Even if you, like me, do not think you would like it. I guarantee you will. Unless you don't have a soul, in which case, you don't deserve this game anyway."
76561198093698828,Recommended,232790,9777126,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Chill Collins,Perfect out of perfect. So perfect
,Recommended,232790,8908409,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,The Orange Crush,"A bit like pages from a colorful, handdrawn storybook, the first act of Broken Age feels like a fairytale. It has the light comedy and the peculiar denizens of a fantasy world, but like all great tales, there's a deep darkness that's just beyond a light-hearted joke. The ending neatly bookends the first act of the game, leaving its protagonists in an entirely different place than they started out from and leaving its audience with a hunger for MORE."
76561198063788804,Recommended,232790,8908588,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,KnockoutRoundabout,"Just finished the game. One of, if not THE best point and click adventure game I've ever played.The original draw for me was that one of the protagonist's is a woman of color, and I was not dissapointed. Vela is a great character that I easily grew to love with her bravery, and Shane was hilarious and likable as well.The art is gorgeous, the voice acting is great, and the story/world is unique. The puzzles are not too easy, and provide a unique challenge.Overall a game that is more than worth the money I paid for it.Looking forward to Act 2!"
76561197998638744,Recommended,232790,8908860,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Nevernaut,"Although slightly easy at times, I found that this game was really enjoyable. Great characters, fantastic story telling and there were a couple of moments that really made me laugh."
76561198035210527,Recommended,232790,8909257,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,RuneHKT,this game has amazing story and is freaking funny. if you want a game that will entertain you all the way make you say wtf at the end then holy f**k then this is the game for you. Because let me tell you one thing when youfigure out how both story lines  mix you WILL say holy f**k that was amazing.(I recommend doing the whole boy story first then the girl in the same day. thats the way i did it and whole experience was just freaking amazing) could not recommend this any higher if you want to lightern up your day or you bored and need something entertaining i highly recommend buyin and playing this game. really i could of just said 5 out of 5 just......just.....awsome....
76561198067053561,Recommended,232790,8909289,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,talika42,"This game is so fun, and really well written, it might be short but I think its well worth the $25, and you get the second act free when it comes out."
76561197974007495,Recommended,232790,8909736,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,WoodsMan,Good adventure with nice atmosphere and good music.Lovely graphic style.Very short first part and hopefully act 2 will be a bit longer and offers more for the money.Still enjoyed the adventure.
,Recommended,232790,8909852,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,JayFACE,"A well written and well executed start to an amazing adventure. Once I started, I couldn't stop.My only regret is not being a backer during the Kickstarter.Excellent work so far from Tim Schafer and the gang at Double FIne!"
,Recommended,232790,8910990,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Sadtwig,"Nice P&C adventure, but act 1 is realy short and the riddles are somewhat easy. P&C Veterans might breeze through it. Remember that act 2 is coming out later this year though and it is included in the price. If you expect bizarre humour like DotT or Sam n Max, you might be dissapointed, but overall the game has funny dialogue that will leave you smirking and a dreamy world. The voiceacting is top notch. I would say it is a safe buy, but if you want a full, engaging p&c adventure atm, I would suggest buying ""Whispered World"" instead until Broken Age has more content."
76561198085344975,Recommended,232790,8911224,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,ikeyB,A new age to gaming :D
76561197977496766,Recommended,232790,8911501,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,NaDa,A beautiful and great adventure game
76561197999565344,Recommended,232790,8911579,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Dogmeat,"This game (at least Act I, which is all that's out so far) just blew my mother♥♥♥♥ing MIND. It is absolutely amazing, in writing, voice acting and art style. The puzzles are charming and funny and the story enthralling. I usually don't play games straight through like this, but I had to know what came next.Buy and play this game right now, I mean it!"
76561198024628159,Recommended,232790,8912908,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Sythrix,"It's definitely a very interesting game. I really liked the characters and story. Having both characters means you can move between either of them whenever you want. However, you would only do this if you got bored of one character for a little while. It would not be because you were stuck, as the puzzles are extremely easy. Despite this, the game does remain compelling with its awesome characters and interesting story (and constant humor), but if you're hoping for a classic adventure game where you have many interesting and difficult puzzles, you should look elsewhere.Recommended, but it could have been better with a more compelling set of puzzles. With the internet widely available, it's not as though those who don't like difficult puzzles couldn't simply look up the solution. For those who like a challenge, you will not find any here and that prevents it from being a true adventure classic. Here's hoping they ramp up the difficulty for Act 2, but I wouldn't hold your breath.I'd give it 8/10, if you like the look of it you'll almost certainly enjoy it."
76561198084234922,Recommended,232790,8913428,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,JoshDoDaDu,"Just freaking phenomenal. The voice-acting cast is great and despite its light but beautiful and easy-going animation style, there are many points where you feel unnerved by the worlds that surround Vella and Shay. You feel the need to help them and get them out of those worlds."
76561198087200917,Recommended,232790,8913844,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,bleach and paper,"this game is basicaly the best point and click game ever. art, voice acting, and gameplay are stunning. even though there is no swearing or inapropriate content but i would recomend it to anyone 10+ because they may not understand the vocabulary or humor enough to apreciate some of the jokes.if i had enough arms i would give this game 12 thumbs up of aproval (out of 10)my commplements to everybody who worked so hard to make this what it isand i am hoping u keep e'm coming and mabey make a sequil with different characters and stories."
,Recommended,232790,8915769,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,qyuburt,"The most engaging story in years, has resparked my love for the genre and gamingThis is the most engaging story I have had the pleasure to witness in years of gaming. When I was young I could play games for hours without getting bored, or wondering when I would reach the end so I could go do something else. As I grew older, my attention span for gaming withered, which upset me as someone wanting to move into the industry. I was worried I was losing interest in the medium, and that I was making a mistake moving my entire life in the direction of something that doesn't engage me the same anymore. I thought the problem was me, that my child like interest was disappearing in favour for more grown up, mature, boring things.Then I played this game. Every screen is a work of art, every character has so much personality, the art is whimsical and the sound direction is so very subtle yet powerful that I found myself compelled to continue until I reached the end of this act in a single sitting. I just could not put it down, and when I reached the end I was disappointed that I couldn't continue learning about these people, and this world. I realised that it wasn't me that was losing my childlike wonder and interest, but the games developers and what they have been releasing. The industry has lost its personality in support of annual releases and massive profits, but this game made me believe again. You don't need the very best photo realistic graphics with the most true to life smoke engine to tell an immersive story, you need character. This game has character in spades, and I cannot recommend it enough. This game has reminded me why I am going through university to learn to become a member of the industry, and if I can be a part of just one project that turns out like this, then I will be incredibly fulfilled.Play this game, as soon as possible."
,Recommended,232790,11344452,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Comrade Sanders,Very nice point and click puzzle game with confusing story ending which is to be continued...7/10
,Recommended,232790,11346221,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,stonedwizard420,"WOW. So as not to spoil too much let me just say that Broken Age is a narrative exploration of immaturity, growth, and the responsibilities young men and women must grow to endure as they reach into adulthood. Must play for anyone with an overbearing mother, stay for the soundtrack."
,Recommended,232790,12074274,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Belemon,"That is the best point and click adventure I've ever played! The story is amazing! Graphics are awesome! Everything is so wonderfull! It feels like a real cartoon, where two completely different stories turn into one. Even if you are not keen on point and click adventures, I advise you to buy it."
,Recommended,232790,11893216,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Lyo,"I usually hate point and click,forced hipster will wheaton to give up some of his favorite posessions,flew with whip cream as elijah wood,10/10 hitting refresh button for act 2"
76561198043226040,Recommended,232790,11893752,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Metalockie,"Solid point and click adventure. I loved the ending as I didnt see it coming. I thought some of the puzzles were abit too difficult to figure out as I had to look up a walkthrough a few times. All in all though solid art,soundtrack and story. Waiting for chapter 2."
76561198095277391,Recommended,232790,11862964,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Al-Nour,Definitely worth it :) ...I was looking for a decent point and click game and haven't had a chance to play any in a while.. this did it for me.
,Recommended,232790,12113807,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,MightyPirate,"Great game.  Witty humor, clever writing, excellent voice acting...  It's everything we love about classic adventure games, with the convenience of modern game engine to support it.  Highly recommended."
76561198133829712,Recommended,232790,12131273,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Haiiro,This games is great.. I can't wait till act 2.
76561198029709573,Recommended,232790,12135429,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,tenaciousday,"My review is probably somewhat biased because I am one of the many die-hard fans of the LucasArts adventure games of yore. Point and click adventure games are my bread and butter, and I have enjoyed everything from the classic Monkey Island, LOOM, DOTT, and The Dig, to the newer TellTale adventure games and the indie Blackwell adventure series. So needless to say, I approached this game with the discerning eye of an afficianato. That said, I absolutely loved part one of Broken Age. I was one of those people who were hidden under a rock and did not really know about the game until last week. I played through the game in two three hour long sittings, devouring the incredible artwork, wonderful voice acting, and classic Tim Schaffer humor. Sure, the game was quick, leaving me with that strange empty feeling after finishing a great novel - but that feeling is one of the things I love about the genre. I think the only reason that it took me weeks to finish Day of the Tentacle back when I was 13 is that I was stuck trying to figure out what the heck to do with a frozen hamster. Playing through those games now is an incredibly quick process. It doesn't make the experience any less sweet. Admittedly there were no times that I had to pause for more than a few moments to figure out the puzzles in Broken Age, but that honestly matters little to me. What I found was a beautiful, quirky game that I cannot reccomend enough. I cannot wait for Part 2. Great job Double Fine!"
76561197990298057,Recommended,232790,11974432,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,oleg,Missing Russian language localization!!!
76561197962277317,Recommended,232790,11975202,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,power,"Good but a bit simplistic, too long to wait for the second part too!!"
76561197987908954,Recommended,232790,11943290,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Leafydragon,It took a little while to get into the game but by the end of it I was really happy that I stayed with it. The game looks beautiful and it has a great twist at the end. Looking forward to the next part.
76561197962077605,Recommended,232790,11961530,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Schwang,This game is awesome but short.  The story is cool and can be quite funny at times.  Waiting patiently for the next parts...
,Recommended,232790,11998285,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,marblegravy,"Wondeful game that brings back all the charm of the sassy, clever and just innocently fun point and click adventure game. Can't wait for the second half to come out."
,Recommended,232790,11929124,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Lexy,Great game
76561197987497747,Recommended,232790,11929956,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,OZsome Dude,"Short (Really short) but sweet and funBoth main characters are easy to relate to, the plot is engaging, and the puzzles are Good but can be a little annoyingI feel that the Characters and the plots carries the game, I did not regret buying this game"
76561198038907731,Recommended,232790,12041514,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,f1x,♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
76561198048800273,Recommended,232790,12041195,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,james.melton789,"This game was both fun and beautiful, full of memorable characters and places, and interesting puzzles. Left me wanting more but super excited for part 2~!"
,Recommended,232790,12031631,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Arcus_Acer,good game
,Recommended,232790,12017648,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,The Gipper,Exemplifies the strengths and weaknesses of the point and click genre.  Just wish these games would let you know if you are missing an inventory item. Wait for the full game to be released and buy it on sale.
,Recommended,232790,9436295,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Anubis,This game incorpotates some neat puzzles and fun style at telling a story that keeps you interested for all ages. Highly recommend and looking forward to part 2!
76561198007050465,Recommended,232790,9418615,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Business,Great story and well worth buying but it's only the first act. Looking forward to the second half.
76561198042767133,Recommended,232790,9414819,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,linkachu,"DISCLAIMER: No spoilers but, at the time of writing, the second act has yet to be released.The logic puzzles in the game are cunningly simple; each time I solved one I felt rewarded. At one odd moment I found myself wishing, for whatever sadistic reason, that there were more of the moments where you simply could not find what you needed next (aka nearly any moment of the original ""Monkey Island"" game). I was not denied my wish, of course, but the moment was fleeting, and the reward afterward made up for any animosity I had felt. By the end the game succeeded in training my thought patterns so that solutions came easily and I was able to bask in my smug superiority, the true goal of any gamer.The visuals are gorgeous, but don't expect the sweeping vistas of games like ""Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons"" or ""Castlevania: Lords of Shadows"". Instead, each scene is exquisitely crafted. The hand painting provides a lush and vibrant world. The animations have a crafted quality that does nothing but add to the art. I will not voice my only complaint, since it may cause people to notice it constantly and ruin things, but know that it was minor to the point of disappearing after the first few minutes.The voice acting is superb. There is little else to be said, it is simply superb. My favorite is the ship's ""Mom""; Jennifer Hale does an exceptional job. The characters and their dialog do not disappoint.Then there is the story. Play the entire game! The story is fantastic. Every assumption I made was wrong. I eagerly await the second act, and I would gladly pay for more games of this caliber.So my recommendation:If you enjoy point and click adventures then you will only be disappointed that the second act is not yet here."
,Recommended,232790,9415067,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,pizzalogic,Me Broken Love
76561198124270221,Recommended,232790,9758316,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,RantLikeFire,"Graphics are really good, intriguing storylines (I particularly like Shay's) and can't wait until Part 2!"
,Recommended,232790,9223524,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Zσяα,"I'm not even sure where to start. This game might not be for everyone. It's a very laidback puzzle clicking adventure game. The art and story is what pulled me the most because it's cute and whimsical. It's one of those games that you can play to kill some time or while lying in bed with your laptop. I'm excited for Act 2 because I love where the story went and I'd like to see it end. Most of the puzzles can be solved with some mild thinking.. there were a couple that stumped me and took some clicking around to figure out. Overall, enjoyable. I don't think it has any replay value though."
76561198025190854,Recommended,232790,9224425,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Sawbus,"Broken Age is very different in that it isn't what we're used to in video games, or at least it isn't common. If you're looking for a more action-oriented game, I'll probably point you twoards Double Fine's other title, Psychonauts. Broken Age is like an interactive popup book, moving the main characters around with a simple point-and-click, and choosing what to say through on-screen prompts.This doesn't mean it isn't a good game. Oh no. I rather enjoyed being able to sit back and relax with it. The art style is absolutely gorgeous and does feel like the entire game is a painting, and the music is pretty and builds the settings. The writing is also very spot on with unique characters and witty comments. It does feel a little short, but don't forget that this game has two stories within it, and this is only the first Act. The next one you won't need to buy again, so be patient.I'm not about to go and spoil the ending of the first Act for anyone, but it's one of those ""the more you think about it, the more it blows your mind"" endings."
76561198036953604,Recommended,232790,9226357,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Drybones,I love clouds
,Recommended,232790,9226491,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,pied_pieper,"Even without part 2, I'd recommend this game. I found it fun, intriguing and surprising."
,Recommended,232790,9155989,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,FrostBird,"Broken age is an amazing and funny little story and well worth your time. A bit short at the moment with only act one, but i can't wait to see act two.The soundtrack is nice and soothing. The graphics and art is really nice. The voices are exellent.You won't regret trying out this charming little piece of interactive enjoyment."
,Recommended,232790,9156668,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,ConaN,"Great story, great gameplay and a great adventure! I highly recommend this game! I'm really looking forward to play act 2. :3"
,Recommended,232790,9314547,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,TheAsian777,"The epitome of point and click adventure games. The art is beautiful. The story is mind boggling. The puzzles are perfect, and the voice acting is phenomenal. I enjoyed every single moment of this game."
,Recommended,232790,8951041,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,liquid,great game--definitely worth the ticket price
,Recommended,232790,8952928,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,16bitten,"The art direction in this game is beautiful, a style not really seen before. The voice acting is dare I say perfect. The story pulls you in and does not let go even until the very last second.My only neative comment would be that the game is a little too easy. The clues are pretty obvious and nothing really to throw you off track. It's been some time since I've played this type of game but I remember them being much more difficult to figure out. Perhaps a few more useless objects and clickable items would have kept me busy for longer."
,Recommended,232790,8953474,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,RobotSheepy,"This is one great point & click game! It has amazing art style, great voice actors (Including Jack Black and Elijah Wood), and fantastic story! I truly recommend everyone to play this!"
76561197998174477,Recommended,232790,8954525,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Yambo,"really good story, how they come together at the end!"
76561198026068561,Recommended,232790,8954550,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Peafield,"I have to say, I am really disappointed by this game. I think its beautiful, it made me laugh out loud many times; I even enjoyed the story.But it was just too easy and just too short. I know it's only part 1, but I completed the whole thing in under four hours without feeling challenged once. Play it for the story, not for the gameplay."
76561198062689103,Recommended,232790,8955336,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,smileyfaceinc,awesome awesome awesome play it now
76561198023720462,Recommended,232790,8956901,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,raine78,The visual of this game looks more like moving art than typical video game graphics; they are amazing. The puzzles make you think but are not ridiculous hard like in Myst (for example). The music is soothing without being repetitive. I love switching back and forth between the two storylines; almost as though you are getting two games in one. I am also intrigued that the game designers are splitting up the game into two parts being released at different times. It will give me something to anticipate when I finish part one! I highly recommend this game!
,Recommended,232790,8957048,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,jrdn,Great to see an old-school adventure game again.
,Recommended,232790,8958335,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Odessian,"The creative split narrative is rather enjoyable, and the art style is just beautiful. Highly recommend this game for others to try! Only downside is at this moment I want to know how it ends."
76561197998821152,Recommended,232790,8900654,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,hosstyle,"Crazy creative worlds to explore, but beat this in 4 hours, wait for it to go down in price or when part 2 comes out and by together."
,Recommended,232790,8901052,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Drasky Vanderhoff,"Very good but very short for my taste,  I hope the act II doubles the duration of this one, you will recieve it as part of the full game but i'm still thinking is not worth $25 bucks... It took me no more than 5 hours to finish it!"
,Recommended,232790,8901469,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,『Flash』,"i've been waiting for this game for so long and it has defiantly lived up to my expectations. the voice acting is incredible, the artwork style graphics are supurb. i would recommend this game to anyone and i already have recommended it to so many of my friends. now i'm gonna go back to playing the game :D"
,Recommended,232790,8901705,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,CapnPajama,I played the entire first act in one sitting because I couldn't stop and now I'm going through some serious withdrawls. If you at all like point and click adventures of just really good story telling this is the game to pick up.
,Recommended,232790,8902017,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Clayton,Broken Age is one of the finest crafted games in a LOOONNNNGGGG time.The art style makes me want to cry (from beauty).The story is progressive and intriguing.The characters are full of life and comedy.GET THIS GAME!!!!!
,Recommended,232790,8902026,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Mr. Esquire,"Its been too long since the last double fine gmae and boy did they make up for it! following tradition, the game has an AMAZING STORY and an ""insteresting"" cast of characters. plus amazing voice acting by actors like will wheaton. the music is beutiful, the scenery is just as great! you wont want to put it down once you start! and remember: ""beware the trees!"""
76561198031318367,Recommended,232790,8902426,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Ghoby,"Man, what a surprising experience, very thought provoking and unique. A really cool experience with a great story, characthers, humour, art style, soundtrack. Buy it if you're a fan of adventure games or simply a fan of beautiful things :3"
,Recommended,232790,8902910,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,BragBirch,"great game but at the very end with the fight with mog chrocka, the game crashes"
76561197979945629,Recommended,232790,8902979,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,skid,"Good game, but if the second act would be as short as the first one....then I wonder where did 3 billions of bucks go?"
,Recommended,232790,8903085,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Fredrikorex,"This is quite a nice story but not so much a game, if you're a big fan of challenging point and click adventures you might be dissapointed as this game is quite easy.I still think the game is worth getting, I would reccomend waiting untill act 2 comes out before buying it though."
,Recommended,232790,8903320,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,hatu,"Gorgeous art. I really liked the story as well, I could imagine it works for both children and adults. It really feels like a great upgrade to the classic adventure game genre. Sometimes it felt like watching a funny animated movie, but it's also got some good classic style puzzles. The only minus is that now I have to wait for the second part! You can really feel all the love that's been put into every aspect of this game."
,Recommended,232790,9178035,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Certifiable,"Tim and I may be rusty with the old school point and click, but this game is definitely worth a shot if only for the artistry at work! Character voices by professionals you'll possibly recognise, art and animation by amazing artists and music by stunning musicians and composers.(Also, I realised I needed to take this at a slower pace than modern Telltale titles, but this game doesn't suffer for the old school style of gameplay.)"
,Recommended,232790,9376203,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Karl of Duty,Great game! Amazing story with great voiceactors. Also great looking graphics.
,Recommended,232790,9376534,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Saleop,"Broken age is a very imaginitive point-and-click adventure game. While those looking for something that's as challenging as the old school Lucas Arts games may be dissapointed by the relative easieness of its puzzles, most contemporary will be charmed enough by the art and characters to be able to say this was a worthwhile purchase.It's worth noting the game isn't complete yet, with the second act being slated for release at an undisclosed time in the future. The ending of the first act does enough to give players something to ponder about while they await the next act.All in all, a charming and beautiful adventure game that players of the old-school might find a bit easy, but should still be able to enjoy it if they allow themselves to try something different."
,Recommended,232790,9376728,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Squidward smells 𝓖𝓸𝓸ɗ,Hell Yeh Gud Gam
,Recommended,232790,9377010,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,ArcadiusMaddock,This is the best poit and click adventure game I have played in a long time. The artwork was visually stunning and it was full of humor. The soundtrack was good too and the voice actors were amazing (Jack Black AND Will Wheaton!). I can barely wait for Act 2 to come out.
76561197993486269,Recommended,232790,9377480,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,eddie,"Fun game, a little easy for an adventure game. Also, it's really really short, I'm not sure why it's priced so high.It's fun and funny and I can hardly wait for act 2. I'm on the fence I guess."
76561197967535038,Recommended,232790,9380700,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Tanuki,"Fund and a nice art style. Excellent voice acting. Only real negative is that the locations have a few too many 'flavor' hotspots - places that arent needed to solve puzzles, but which result in your character making some comment when clicked - and that damages the immersion."
76561198008991328,Recommended,232790,9493058,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Bookoowookoo,"Such a nolstalgia trip, just like the games I use to play by Tim Schafer as a kid. Hope he makes more like this."
76561198027925977,Recommended,232790,9493459,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,MultraBeast,Honestly the best game to twist your mind...
76561198041166682,Recommended,232790,9495864,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,SlowAndLoud,"Everything about this game is great. It's obvious a huge amount of work, heart, and detication went into it just from playing the first 10 minutes.I wait in great anticipation for the additional acts to come out, and think it was worth every penny."
76561198027225901,Recommended,232790,9385087,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Ninjabackhand,"Fun, funny, whimsical. A great time all around."
76561198028488036,Recommended,232790,9385456,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Vaatihastur,"A little short, but awesome. I hope the continuation is much longer though..."
76561198014362176,Recommended,232790,9387791,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Holla Holla Get $,"Broken Age has all the best qualities of old adventure games. The game is charming, funny, whimsical, and even touching. The voice acting is also great. If you enjoy adventure games at all, pick up a copy of this game."
76561198098374670,Recommended,232790,9388920,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,amharder,Great game so far because the game creators have not released act two. The only thing i would change is adding a map and a quick travel system. 4.5 stars out of 5
76561198069420435,Recommended,232790,9389966,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,bilibush18,"I had lots of fun playing this game, the music and graphics are amazing! cant wait for part 2 ...."
76561198085795473,Recommended,232790,9471119,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,HereIsNoWhy_,YYEEEAHHH THIS GAME RULES
,Recommended,232790,9471353,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,alex,Really enjoyed the game and waiting for the act 2. 5/5
,Recommended,232790,9482327,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,woodmember,"Broken Age is a beautifully crafted game full of fabulous imagery and quirky puzzles. The little point and click puzzles can get mundane but the story makes up for it. Vella's tale is much more engaging and forever changing while Shay's journey through his ship is full of a lot of intrigue. A game you just have to finish from the start. Luckily, a quick game to unwind with."
76561198031130406,Recommended,232790,11453828,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,bachuspl,"Pros:Really nice story, great music, lots of fun. Great voices, pleasant graphics. A decent, old style adventure game.Cons:Quite simple - hardly any puzzles - and certainly nothing challenging.Way too short - 4 hours top to finish whole game, exhausting all dialouge options etc. Given lot of money raised with Kickstarter I would expect it to be twice as long (and it probably is going to be as this is only Act 1 and apparently Act 2 is going to be a free update - so we just have to be patient)."
,Recommended,232790,11453888,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,PrincessTokyoMoon,"Love the style, storyline and pretty much everything about this game ~<3 Can't wait for Act 2"
,Recommended,232790,11471444,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,StrongToughShepard,"Phenomenal (not sure if that's spelled right) story and an immersive soundtrack make this game a solid 9/10 for me, I would highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,232790,11324223,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,A bird,"A pretty good adventure game. The story is very interesting, although it ends with a cliff hanger and we may not even see an Act 2 anytime soon. The graphics are great, everything looks amazing."
76561198127108641,Recommended,232790,11279687,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,GrumpyDave,"Broken Age Act 1 was created by none other than the talented Tim Schafer and the Double Fine crew. This game is a point and click adventure telling the story between two characters seeking whats right for them. Broken Age has a neat feature of allowing the player to switch in between stories and start whichever tale they desire, quick note: it's recommended to just stay on one tale just so you won't forget the puzzle when you return to the next. As always for a Double Fine game, the voice acting is good to catch along with while the suitable soundtrack helps bring life to this Art filled game. It's hilarious even hearing some of your favorite voice actors being featured in this title ( i'm talking about you Jack Black and Richard Horrvits ).Another side note is that the dialogue with some characters can be a bit unhelpful, i would try to ask as many questions as i can get for better clues of an item i'll need, even though i'll usually just have to ask 2 or more. Honestly this game is incredible in every way, it is pretty pricey but if it's ever on special defiantly download it.PROS:Amazing artgood voice actingwonderful storyinsane endingsomewhat difficult puzzlessecret 8bit version in the gameCONS:too short (if you check my time playing the game it was about 5 hours of non stop playing the game, i was a bit ashamed it was over too soon. )annoying puzzle items you forget to carry that you'll needunnessesary dialouguepretty Pricey"
76561198035863817,Recommended,232790,11326355,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Tommy,"I enjoyed this game a lot.  It looks nice, the controls are simple, and It was, in my opinion, a nice game.  I don't reccomend it at it's pricepoint.  If you want this game, you should wait until it goes on sale.  The game comes in two acts.  I bought act one because it came with the promise of an act two.  It was meant to come out quite a while ago but still hasn't.  I liked act one, but, I'll be feeling a bit flim-flamed unless they come out with act two soon.I don't reccomend buying any kind of partly finished games.  I think developers are kind of screwing people over with those things.Now, another negative; the game was advertized in it's quickstarter campain as being anold-style adventure game.  Now the clear assumtion here is that it has the confusing puzzles, interacting with the enviroment, and long gameplay (it only has about four hours, and thats it you are taking your time).  Like I said, I enjoyed the game, but it was lacking in what many people wanted, and where led to expect."
,Recommended,232790,11327391,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Itherina,One of the best story driven games I've played in a very long time. Point and click at its finest. If you're a fan of Tim Schafer and Double Fine you'll love this game whether you're a fan of the point and click genre or not. The story is incredibly well written and very imersive with fun tidbits of Double Fine humor in the mix. Highly recommended whether on sale or not.
76561197998188783,Recommended,232790,11409125,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,eyeofthenight,"Fun for people who liked those old point-and-click adventure games back in the day. It's not very challenging, but the setting and the visuals are good enough to make it worth the money."
,Recommended,232790,11412411,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,JohnsenKI,HYPE
,Recommended,232790,11414704,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Wren,"A very enjoyable point-and-click game (and so there's there first place where a lot of people will lose interest!), with lovely art, surprisingly compelling storylines, and a really really clever end to Act I. I am looking forwards to the update for Act 2!"
76561198026760707,Recommended,232790,11415384,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,D-Kitsune,I liked Act 1 a lot. kinda has the Torin's passage feel to it... and just as funny. I can't wait for Act 2 to come out. I love the ending of act 1. It's very surprising.
,Recommended,232790,11395468,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,outrunthewolf,"Great story, fun and lovely artwork.Very atmospheric and just a worthwhile game to realx and play"
,Recommended,232790,11396508,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,JarSheriff,"A great game in the style of previous point-and-clicks. I kind of feel bad purchasing this off steam rather than through double fine's website.Only moment that gave me pause was an obstacle roughly midway through Vella's story that made me go, ""Well, why can't I just do that?""I'm very much looking forward to the conclusion to this awesome game!"
76561197967536868,Recommended,232790,11533721,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Multilame,"Very cool and entertaining, quality graphics music and voices, no absurd interactions needed.Congrats..But one afternoon is way too short (expecting more objects and (optional) interactions / scenes / paths)I was warned though.I'm slightly less happy to contribute when I see the amount of funds raised on kickstarter :-)Waiting for less linear and richer Act 2."
,Recommended,232790,11534943,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Orphansmith,"I know what you're probably thinking, and I'll answer:Better than Brutal Legend, not as good as Psychonauts. Yes, play it, has strong promise."
,Recommended,232790,11535265,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,dennislaumen,"Great new, old school adventure game. Really enjoyed its coming of age story and liked the puzzles. Purists might call it too easy but I liked the fact that I never got stuck too long. That gives the game a better pace than some of the classics in the genre which have some rough spots with obscure puzzle design."
,Recommended,232790,11516191,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Viroxus,"This is an amazing game.  The art style is beautiful, the dialouge is funny and quirky, and the voice actors are incredible.  The gameplay itself is simple, being a point-and-click game, but at the same time delightfullly challenging.  This game is perfect for those who are new to point-and click games.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,232790,11408068,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,ProfForp,"First off, I have to say this: if you don't like puzzles and story driven adventures, don't pick up this piece. It is an amazing game, but I'm sure many people wouldn't like it. Now then, onto the review.As many other places will tell you, Broken Age is a puzzle/adventure game telling the story of two characters: a girl named Vella, chosed to be an offering to the monster Mog'Chatra, and Shay, a boy who lives on an overprotective ship and just craves a real adventure. The game allows you to jump between either story at any given time, and honestly, both are highly entertaining. The puzzles the game contains often require a very creative mind, or simply dragging everything in your inventory to see if there is a use for it. Many of the characters are also extremely witty, with many references to popular stereotypes (hint: hipster woodsman). All in all, Broken Age provides a good experience, with the glorious art, engaging puzzles, and fun dialogue. Personally, I can't wait for Act 2 to be released.Pros:Amazing Art StyleGood PuzzlesIntertwining StoriesEngaging CharactersCons:Possibly Too Short For PriceLong Wait For Act 2"
76561198127367695,Recommended,232790,11408166,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,JustSomeDoge,It's a really great game and I really want to see more and learn when the release of Act 2 will be.
,Recommended,232790,11424115,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Chuckuly,"Normall I don't generally like adventure games, but this is one of the best written stories I've ever had the pleasure to experience. It doesn't matter wether you like adventure games or not, this game is incredable even though the second act isn't out yet, the first part is more than enough to satisfy, and I highly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,232790,11440442,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,garchompalot,"This is an awesome game. It's beautiful to look at and the voice acting is awesome. The story is okay, and the gameplay is nothing new. So, I would say buying this game at full price... maybe not the best decision. I bought it during the Steam Summer Sale and I would say that this game is worth the $8 I spent on it. I'm a junkie for gorgeous games with good voice acting, so I'd say if it was on sale, go ahead and buy it! It's definitely worth the eye candy. And part 2. I can't wait for part 2."
,Recommended,232790,11443480,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ingamerebrith,"I am writing this review on Act 1 of Broken Age. An edit will occur as the rest of the game is released.Broken Age is an episodic point and click adventure from Double Fine, the makers of such class acts as Psychonauts and Stacking. I am a huge fan of point and click adventures, and I can honestly say that I really enjoyed the first act of this game. The detail and artwork are gorgeous. The gameplay is quite humorous. The characters are memorable. It has it all.The game centres around two characters. The first is Vella, who is on a mission to save her village from a sea monster, and end a cycle of human sacrifice. The second is Alex, who has spent his entire life aboard a spaceship with an overly protective AI computer.  The player must help these characters overcome there obstacles and achieve success.I eagerly await the next Act so I can find out what happens next!"
76561198028077955,Recommended,232790,11417845,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Death58,"This is one of those titles that I'm not quite sure will go over well with most contemporary gamers.In an oversaturated market chalked to the brim with COD, COD clones, and sports titles, it will be hard to push a good ole' fashioned point an' click game on the general masses.  If you keep an open mind, you might just find that this is the little title that could.If you're familiar with other games developed by Double Fine, you know that the story, style, and sense of humor are high above normal standards for video gaming.  In true Schafer fashion the brilliance comes from taking archtypal story tropes and characters, then twisting them on their heads.  Princess locked in a tower?  Let's turn that into a boy locked away on a space ship.  Sacrifice for the Gods?  Let's turn that into the beginning of the Hero's Journey for a woman that doesn't need saving.  Add a dash of wackiness, left field moments of intense 'feels', and solid dialogue trees, ya' got yerself quite the little story*.The puzzle portions of this title are wonderful.  They aren't necessarily what you would tend to think of as puzzles in a video game, as they aren't that difficult, but the puzzles do rely on a healthy dose of common sense.  You'll have more than a few moments where you tell yourself, ""Why didn't I think of this twenty minutes ago?""  They're all plot driven puzzles, so you never feel as though something was put into the game as filler.The voice acting is top notch. . .just. . .I love it.Please, please, please do yourself a favor and give this game a shot.  It's not your a-typical game, but I think that it's a rare gem in a market that needs more original titles.  Plus, it's from the dude that brought you Psychonauts.  Why are you not playing this already?  Stop reading my review AND PLAY!"
,Recommended,232790,11418699,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,CurlyHeadedCam,"Broken Age is the epitome of point and click adventure games. The narrative is insanely satisfying, and the script is humourous and fun. The gameplay gives you nostalgia by throwing you puzzles that are remarkably designed and just fun to play. 10/10"
76561198003966755,Recommended,232790,11421341,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,rcody,Awesome! Engaging story. Good enough that I got my non-gamer girlfriend into it. Get it.
76561198088189529,Recommended,232790,11809566,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Rinark,A very funny game with an intresting art style and good characters. Just a story though so little replay value.
,Recommended,232790,11290088,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,RIPJ,"This is the best adventure game I've ever played. With a lovely story, great art direction, and awesome underplot, this may be the best Schafer game yet."
,Recommended,232790,12196102,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,bky4000,Great story! An interesting point and click game. I'm looking forward to the 2nd part.
76561197972367149,Recommended,232790,12176560,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Dannyxtra,Brilliant old school adventure. Takes me back to the old lucasarts games!
76561198084050848,Recommended,232790,12181183,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,GamingSpoiler,"It's been so long I didn't play a game with such an amazing and a breath taking story, the motion is smooth, the dialogue is so fun, it's hard to stop playing once you've started playing, the only bad thing is that the story was relatively short (for me).Waiting for the story to continue..."
,Recommended,232790,9242462,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,ActionZombie,Amazing visual experience!  The storyline gripped my attention throughout the game and now I can't wait for  the Act 2 to come out!
76561198034313977,Recommended,232790,9242535,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,meldy,"Oh man I loved the art style of this game, the soundtrack was lovely and the story was really interesting! Really looking forward to Act 2 :)"
76561198052187498,Recommended,232790,9243663,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,rubberduckyofdeath,Totally amazing!!!  Double Fine is one of the greatest.  I just hope Act 2 is a lot longer...is that too much to hope for?
76561198033772847,Recommended,232790,9261511,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,I 就是 am Angry,"nice art, nice story."
,Recommended,232790,9263973,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Megrim,"I played this game and was like ""Oh man, wow."" And then I was done playing this game and then I was sad."
,Recommended,232790,9207999,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Siosm,"Beautiful and funny, with a great scenario. The current story is a little bit short (only one act of the two is available) and it's relatively easy (I was only stuck twice, and I'm really bad at point and click games). But I had a great time. Recommended.Superbe, tant au niveau artistique qu'au niveau humour et scénario. Pour l'instant l'histoire est un peu courte (il manque la deuxième partie, seul l'acte un est disponible) et c'est plutôt simple (je n'ai été bloqué que deux fois, et je suis vraiment mauvais à ce genre de jeux). Mais c'était un vrai plaisir. Chaudement recommendé."
76561197981478486,Recommended,232790,9229011,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,spacemanchuck,"I grew up playing these games, Lucas Arts, Sierra adventure games will always be some of my favorite games.  Broken Age lives up to the hype and is one of the best in it's class.  I love it."
,Recommended,232790,9230449,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,spriteman11,"This is an incredible story so far. Fantastic voice acting, You should recognize some of them! It's all around a really incredible work so far, and the puzzles are actually challenging too! (I'm actually stuck on one right now, but don't worry, I'm sure all figure it out, and if I can, I'm sure you can too."
76561197965071456,Recommended,232790,9233361,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Buttrocious,"This game is nothing short of a work of art. The art style is magnificent. The soundtrack is soothing and wonderful. And the story and dialog is really fun. The first act is only 3 hours and the puzzles are really simple, but otherwise it's fun. So long as you don't mind putting down $25 for the first act now and the second act later, I'd say it's a worthwhile investment."
76561197992045176,Recommended,232790,9246299,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,The Baron,This was perfect; the game was grown to fit the story; no tthe other way around.  Can't wait for Act 2
,Recommended,232790,9249952,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Salahare,"I didn't pay attention and was caught off guard by the end of Act 1 being all that's available yet, but the journey there was BRILLIANT. Beautiful art and animations, engaging dialogue and voice acting, and while the puzzles weren't as hard as I'd hoped they were difficult enough to keep me on my toes. A must-play for most of my friends, I promise!And that cliffhanger...darn that cliffhanger and plot twist I didn't figure it out until two seconds before the end of act card appeared."
76561198064300633,Recommended,232790,9174873,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,gaming malarkey,great game so far and am looking forward to the continuationcheck out me playing it herehttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvn72lMy3nA
76561198023268566,Recommended,232790,9176126,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,honda,I'm a big fan of adventure games and Broken Age did not dissapoint. The graphics were awesome and the story was phenomenal. The only downside is that it is a bit on the short side. I am used to longer adventure games and this one ended a bit too soon. Looking forward to Part 2.
,Recommended,232790,9176568,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Duke Knutstrand,"Beautiful, simply incredible how wonderful the atmosphere in each ""section"" of the gameplay is, be edge between the two characters gives you a different footing for the story. The soundtrack is beautiful and personally I don't regret getting it.I feel it gives a little social stab at what is considers ""normal"" as you soon find yourself in the first section in bunting, and I highly suggest people to get this game if you enjoy a story with a surprising twist at the end."
76561197968536252,Recommended,232790,8746713,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Ratpak,"Just finished Act 1 and loved it!  Congratulations to Tim and the Broken Age team.  They have created something really special here.I’ve lapped up every single documentary from 2PP, watching the team create the game, working their way around various problems along the way, so it’s great to see the game finally appear in my Steam account and to play through it.  I loved the story, the visuals and the music, which all mesh together extremely well.  The game is nicely polished, and it’s clear that the team have put a lot of love into the creative process.  The game has also made me laugh out loud at various points!In short it’s everything this backer wanted.  I can’t wait for Act 2![EDIT] Forgot to mention the voice acting as well, which was superb!"
,Recommended,232790,8713282,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Travilogue,Just finished Act 1 and it is a dang fine game. A compelling story with puzzles that are challenging without being too difficult. And the animation and voice acting are spectacular.
76561198033706443,Recommended,232790,8958978,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,stcherrywell,"Absolutely gorgeous and the characters are a delight.   The puzzles were just a shade on the easy side, but that's better than brain-meltingly difficult.   Tons of mysteries that I can't wait to explore in act 2!"
,Recommended,232790,8959147,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,The Midnight In Your Eyes,"To be honest, I LOVE this game. It was the first game in a long time that I honestly could not stop playing. The story line and art is ah-mazing and the sounds and animation were fantastic. Plus, the storylines between the two characters were really something where you're like, ""what the?...why is he?...why is she?...WHYYYY??"" It really left me with a lot of questions to ask myself after I finished and just trying to fit the pieces together before the next part comes out. I'm just trying to piece together some of the holes left by the game at the conclusion, and just trying to see what exactly happened, especially how Shay's world was like how it was. I won't go into details, but DEFINITELY a good game. My only real objection is the price of this game, you think they could've at least lowered it a little, like maybe $20 or even $15 considering it was a somewhat of a short lived game, (even though this is only the first part), and that it was an over $3.3 million kickstarter campaign. A demo and a lower price would've been much appreciated, but other than that, fantastic storyline, character and background art, animation, etc. It was truly a wonderful game I would encourage anyone to play!"
,Recommended,232790,8959350,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Scoot,Holy crap. This was awesome. Amazing production quality.
,Recommended,232790,8959455,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Danoli3,GET THIS GAME NOW!!!!
76561198047455977,Recommended,232790,8959862,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,smokeinmyeyes2,Great writing. Loving it so far!
,Recommended,232790,8960321,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Annelien,"Lovely combination of storytelling and gameplay. Just challenging enough for me without getting frustrating. The best part is the music and the voice-acting, which is on-point and hilarious! The game itself feels like a gorgeous painting come to life. The artwork is just... ugh, beyond gorgeous! I wish I had such talents.From a feminist perspective, I love how inclusive and diverse the characters are. The main characters are amazing parallels of eachother that show a real emotion and a depth that I can rarely find in games.Highly recommend for ages 10 and up! It's slightly scary though, so be warned."
,Recommended,232790,8960461,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,mwaf,"This is some brilliant stuff! Amazing artwork, great writing, all-around excellent game. Don't watch any footage, just get it (P.S. finish Shay's story first ;))"
,Recommended,232790,8961244,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,SmashTV,"I absolutely love the adventure, trails story to this game. It´s really like a good old retro adventure story! Great fun with beautiful surroundings with great voice acting and music.All in all a great experience!!"
76561198056077522,Recommended,232790,8962522,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,gozalijo,"Act 1 of Broken Age is fun, delightful, and magical. It brings together beautiful music scores, impeccable voice acting, gorgeous art work, and an exciting story into an adventure game that will captivate you for hours and make you crave for more.  I love this game. I can't wait for Act 2."
76561198007065642,Recommended,232790,8963098,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Fedukot,That game is awesome! I feel like playing adventure games of my childhood. Haven't experienced anything like this since Monkey Island. That's fantastic!
,Recommended,232790,8963734,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,[GS] mov,"If you liked point'n'click games when you were younger this game might be for you. First I was little bit sceptic if I would like the style etc. Playing for few hours I was hooked and then it hit me, ACT 2 .. comes when it comes. ACT 1 can be played in 2-3 hours if you want to explore all sorts of stuff, I won't add any spoilers here about the story.I would say that wait for all the ACTs and then play. I hate to play games when I have to wait for something because then I usually forget what I've played before and most likely forget the game also. (ok in this case I will remember this game)."
76561198052278686,Recommended,232790,8964746,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,KathyGaele,"Broken Age is a beautiful game, with an interesting premise. I was incredibly excited to boot this up, and I began the game with Vella's story. The dialogue is charming, the gags amusing, if sometimes a little unsophisticated, but the puzzles aren't nearly complex enough. I was hoping that since Tim Schaefer was at the wheel, Broken Age would feature Grim Fandango or Monkey Island style gameplay. Ultimately everything comes down to 'get item. put item in slot. puzzle solved', and there's no subtlety there at all. That's a tad disappointing, but the art style and story carried it for me enough that I finished the game as it is. I'm looking forward to the next act, but I'm glad it's free or else I likely wouldn't bother with it.If you're looking for a charming, story-driven romp through fantasy lands with intriguing, beautiful character designs - I highly recommend Broken Age. If you're looking for a challenging, rewarding adventure game, then I'd advise you to look elsewhere. Not once did I feel a thrill of satisfaction for solving a puzzle that I remember so keenly when playing something like The Secret of Monkey Island or Edna and Harvey: Harvey's New Eyes.I'd give it a 6/10. The voice talent and soundtrack shine, but I'm left with a sour taste in my mouth, like I've been patronised by the gameplay."
,Recommended,232790,8897063,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Teg,"Mother of god, this is the game that I always wanted to work on but never got the chance to. Excellent music, delightful graphical style, quality voice acting, and an engaging plot.If you ever liked video games, buy this game."
76561198078893088,Recommended,232790,8897069,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,SkullFace316,"this game was fantastic, it was more of a story than just a game, cant wait for the next act"
,Recommended,232790,8897317,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,TragiComedian,Incredibly fun and humorous with a truly amazing voice acting cast
76561197966477501,Recommended,232790,8897492,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Nordberg,"Absolutely fantastic! Broken Age is everything I hoped it would be, and then some. The game isn't particularly challenging, but I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing, especially since the game is (currently) only the first half. But the music is amazing, the art is fantastic, and the game is well written and incredibly funny and smart. Many people may think the 25 dollar asking price is a bit steep, but to me it's entirely worth it."
,Recommended,232790,8898064,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Raverstone,It's cool! but only take 4 hours to beat Act I. cool story with nice ending for Act I but the puzzle is really easy. And i hope it not end in Act II and dev can make the puzzle harder.
,Recommended,232790,8898085,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Cx,Awesome gameWaiting for act 2
76561198021002753,Recommended,232790,8898147,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Nether112,"Don't let the initial budget blunder dissuade you, this is a charming and funny little game that is well worth it's price if enjoy humor, story, and creativity.  Aside from easy puzzles, this game has left me smiling since I beat Act 1.(P.S.  Do the guy's portion first.  The story will flow better.)"
,Recommended,232790,8898231,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,"Oh, hi Mark!","Witty dialogue, gripping characters and immersive storytelling. These are all very much present in the first act of Broken Age. Following the two main characters stories as they progressed into a deepening mystery left me wanting for more. I cannot wait for the next act!"
76561197970583866,Recommended,232790,8898300,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Kadaverfreak,"Double Fine did it. Yes, there’s still one more act to go before this whole thing is technically “complete,” but the $3.3 million crowdfunding success paid for one helluva half-game."
,Recommended,232790,8898357,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Private Hudson,I'll recommend this to anyone who love point-and-click adventures.You will not regret.Simply beautiful!
76561198026810895,Recommended,232790,8898442,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,WingNova,It is really fun to play but soo short. Wish the first act was longer. Cant wait for the next part.
,Recommended,232790,8899004,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Muffinking,Prepare to get sucked up in an amazing story.
,Recommended,232790,8899161,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,SonicLibido,"Fun adventure gameplay, excellent voice acting, BEAUTIFUL visuals and the caliber of writing we've come to expect from Gilbert and Schaffer! Fans of previous works and curious newcomers will enjoy."
,Recommended,232790,8899834,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Sessh,"A bit short, but very charming. Broken Age definitely got it's heart at the right place.The art is gorgeous and the writing is top notch and fun, as can be expected of a Tim Schafer game. The puzzles are simple and quite easy, but enjoyable nonetheless.Overall a very worthwhile experience, that is left at a quite interesting place for the upcoming Act 2."
,Recommended,232790,8899895,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Ibsin,"THis game is one the most artistic, and truly captivating, story I have ever played.You can clearly tell the amount of time that was put into every little detail as you paly through.And whaat also surprised me, was how many famous actors did the voices of the characters.I would definetly recommend this to friends, and tell them to buy it."
,Recommended,232790,8917383,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,eternal_bandit,"A fantastic point and click game, with a dreamy atmosphere. The hand drawn graphics look absolutely brilliant. You should go get this game right now."
76561198092119812,Recommended,232790,8917420,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Steve_Urkle_Polio_Factory,"This game was incredibe, the story, the art, the classic point and click. Played the whole Act 1 in one sitting, It was amazing. The story was amazing and easy to track with, yet complex and AWESOME, with great characters with that unique Double Fine charm."
,Recommended,232790,8917541,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,MSeife8294,"Amazing art, characters, acting and story! Highly recomend"
76561198120932671,Recommended,232790,8917785,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,bacton75,"Love getting back into a Tim Shafer point and click adventure, it's good to see him getting back to what he's best at. I have been playing this game with my daughter and we're both having a wonderful time. It's great to be able to share my favorite genre of video game with my daughter, I think this may be a stepping stone for her to enjoy Tim's classic adventure games like the Monkey Island series as well as my all time favorite Grim Fandango. The voice acting and artwork is top notch, my only complaint is that the game is in two parts, I can't wait for the completion of the story to come at the end of the year."
,Recommended,232790,8917980,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Nit Pick,What a mind blowing and beautiful game.  A great cast of characters and very funny with the Tim Schafer humor you love!  You must buy this point and click adventure game!Oh and if you're the type that doesn't watch a movie or play a game without one of your favorite actors in it; Jack Black and Elijah Wood is in the game too.
,Not Recommended,232790,9149958,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,aikawarei,"<3 it! Great story, puzzles interesting, but not too difficult and beautiful art. Can't wait for part 2.----------------------------------------Act 1 was amazing and such a delight. Act 2 was tedious and boring at certain parts. The ending felt incomplete and we still didn't get any resolution to who Thrush was, didn't get to see Laruna.Just...I couldn't even finish it. I was so tired of that stupid hexigal puzzle and once Alex or Mom made their way back to the control room, everything reset. A few hours in I was tired and ready to put the game down.Really disappointed that Act 2 took this long and didn't deliver a satisfying conclusion."
,Recommended,232790,17428374,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,elmokiller143,Great art very confusing puzzles great story...
,Not Recommended,232790,17463373,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Necronom IV,"Amazing graphics, lovable characters, fascinating locations, and an amusing script. The negatives here are storytelling and gameplay; the story, which is elegantly and subtly told throughout Act 1, is thrown in your face in the beginning of Act 2 and then comes to a grinding halt, and the puzzles throughout are horribly designed. I'd suggest watching a playthrough video instead of actually playing this, or at the very least having a walkthrough ready for all those moments where the gameplay becomes tedious."
76561198026988928,Recommended,232790,17655729,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Leviathan[KR],One of the best point & click adventure gaems.
76561198050943475,Recommended,232790,17310894,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Reizka,"Overall a great game. ACT1 was a great one, sadly ACT2 does not live up to the expectations, but great art style, music and voice acting leave the scale heavily on the positive side.Basically for anyone how likes old school point and click adventure games that have quirky humorAlso recommend watching the Double Fine Adventure documentary they made about how they made this game a reality"
76561198085329704,Recommended,232790,17574219,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Rain Flare,Very fun puzzle game with a peculiar but pleasant style.
76561197965043054,Not Recommended,232790,12035025,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,palpen,I loved act 1act 2 was really tediousWould like to review in the middle but as its not possible it's a no for me
,Not Recommended,232790,11359605,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Shang,"I have mixed feelings about this game. I kinda loved episode 1. I did. Bit of a rough start but was really worth playing through.Now after having finished the 2nd episode I'm somewhat disappointed. All questions you had in episode one are answered from the beginning. All the familiar areas are just re-used instead of exploring new places. Puzzles are often far fetched and borderline annoying (the wiring-ones). Harder than the first episode, and much less rewarding.They could have taken the perfect setup of Ep1 and do something brilliant with it. Or they could do what they did and just make a boring finish of it.Must add that the few jokes that were in it were not bad though ;)Ep1: 7/10Ep2: 4/10I recommend part 1, not part 2."
,Recommended,232790,16952393,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,jackcross3,"I've been seeing a lot of negative reviews for this game and I feel like a lot of them are unfair.For one, the writing is fantastic. The characters are interesting and the tone is humorous but without sacrificing an interesting story.  The voicework also helps with that. They really pulled an all star cast together.Most of the problems people seem to have come from Act 2. As someone who just purchased the game and played it straight throught, I didn't notice a huge change between acts. The changes felt like the natural progression of a narrative. Act one does a lot of the set up of the world and characters, and act 2 advances the narrative and lets you interact with things from a different perspective. I can see why people like Act 1 better. When you are seeing everything for the first time it does feel a bit more exciting, and witnessing a character's quirks is of course going to be better initially, but it wouldn't make narrative sense for the game to continue that way.I will say that the puzzles seemed to get tougher in act 2, but they didn't seem too terrible. There was one puzzle that felt a little unfair, but I can overlook that for the sake of a fun story.Keep in mind that this review is coming from someone who generally doesn't play adventure games."
76561198010039234,Recommended,232790,16916499,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Gobas,"Cute, entertaining, addicting, very nice looking.You just must like both heroes of story, graphic style is gorgeous. Game its not very very long. But its very intense 7-8 hours of play when you can't stop.Big Yes."
,Recommended,232790,16922590,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,The13thSon,I think I finally understand why I am alive...
76561197993592153,Recommended,232790,16889506,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,GloriousHammer,"So I thought this game was brilliant. I guess some reviewers thought the second half was a let down, but I didn't feel that way at all playing the whole thing through from the beginning. Over-all, great writing, just hard enough puzzles, etc."
76561198032369688,Not Recommended,232790,17743535,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,GRNfish,"Ok so right away the first thing that made me want to write my first game review is the fact this game's ending is TERRIBLE. Just the god damned worse and I was tempted to give it a bad recommendation for that.But I can't say it's a bad game because the ending was awful. I'm not a fan of the puzzle aspect of point and clicks, I prefer to play them more for the story and dialogue options and such - if you like the puzzle aspects of point and clicks then by god is this the game for you.The question of difficulty or absurdity comes into play for quite a few points necessary for you to progress in the game. Particulary towards the end of the game, the conditions that have to be met go beyond the inane - there's no hints, no guidelines, it's just random stuff you have to just try and see if it works in about a row of 10 times before you can reach the completely anticlimactic ending.If I have to go through all this crap, I expect a great ending to what is a very interesting storyline and concept, but I got f***ing nothing. I brought this game at a discount and completed it in about 10 hours ish, and even now I feel cheated out of my time and money.So despite what I said earlier - screw it. Don't buy this game. Just watch the full playthrough on youtube. At least you'll get the story and avoid the ridiculous frustration you'd have to go through yourself playing it, just don't expect much from the ending - even by all rights you should expect an outstanding one."
,Recommended,232790,17780515,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,blastcow,Great game!  Fun puzzles.  FUNNY.  I FARTED A LOT.
76561198076535403,Recommended,232790,17807363,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,kingsdude,"Did you, do you like Myst?  Then this should be another game on your list.  Good puzzles, good story, lots of fun... especially when you realize how simple the answer was (after 2 hours of trying)..."
,Not Recommended,232790,17538701,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,"Nanomachines, son.","Cool art style, excellent writing and a few genuine chuckles at some parts.  Was a very enjoyable game apart from the actual gameplay.  There aren't that many environments to explore and the puzzles are very hit and miss.  Some are quite intuitive and fun to figure out like certain head size altering puzzles in act one, but it falls to bits the further in you go.  In the second act in particular there are some puzzles where, in true old adventure game fashion, the only REAL solution is to sit for hours and brute force a solution rubbing everything on everything else or look at a walkthrough.  Some people may like that about old point 'n' clicks but I maintain it's just bad game design meant to artifically inflate the playtime.  It's not even satisfying when some of them are completed, it's just infuriating that the game has wasted that much of your time.  I've also managed to get my game into an almost unwinnable situation where I can no longer access the ""clues"" to one of the final puzzles.  Good game to watch somebody else play, awful to play yourself."
,Not Recommended,232790,17548788,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Wulf,Was somewhat interesting. The first act was better than the second. The second act was reusing existing environments and tons of backtracking and trial-and-error to pad the game length.Ending note (Potential spoiler):The ending was terrible. It seemed extremely rushed and felt like the game just came to a completely abrupt end.
76561198146403831,Recommended,232790,17856583,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,lheitz05,"I love the games visual design. I wish there were more games like it visually. Beautiful, sometimes the story line felt a little young like a pre teen would really like it, but the puzzles were challenging. If anybody has game recomendations that are visually beautiful like this game pass them my way!"
,Recommended,232790,18141312,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,bmumble,"First off, I should say that I love point and click adventures, so I am extremely biased. Having grown up on LucasArts point and clicks (Monkey Island, Day of the Tentacle etc), I have always enjoyed the combination of great story-telling and smart puzzles.A lot of people rave about Deponia, but in my opinion the protagonist is pretty annoying. Broken Age does not suffer from that problem. The protagonists are compelling, and particularly when you reach the ""Don't tell anyone"" moment.I love that this game is a callback to the heyday of point and click adventures, and love it even more for the updated look.I still have a great affection for point and click adventures of old, and would love to see a resurgence, however doubtful it seems. These kinds of games are like interactive stories, and just like a good book, or good movie, you will always find yourself going back to relive the story over and over again."
,Recommended,232790,18108602,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,honkpunch,"Despite Act 2 is a huge setback that feels rushed and unnecessarily complicated, Broken Age remains delightful and witty adventure game with fantastic art direction and shocking plot twist between two instalments."
,Recommended,232790,8965499,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Silverwind,Very fun game! Can't wait for part 2!
76561197995727276,Recommended,232790,8966085,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Nonn,"Broken Age is a simple, fun and charming adventure game.The game is great for everyone, from the fans of the classic point and click adventure games to the modern embracers.It's wonderful music, story and characters will surely capture your attention.On the downside, currently only half of the game is released, with the second part coming by the end of the year, this makes for a brief game, but hopefully you will enjoy it in two doses, one now, and then a bit more later.Rambling: I am not a fan of the chosen art style, but it has grown on me to tell the truth, also the inventory drives me nuts, it is hard to drag items to use on the enviroment and you end up just listening to the descriptions.Favorite chracter: Marek the wolf!!Toughest puzzle for me: the sand castle!"
76561198012666500,Recommended,232790,8966086,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,meunda,Oh my god this was amazing! I want act two of this game nowwww!
,Recommended,232790,9017328,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,psp1213,"This game is fantastic. It's hilarious, imaginative, and the story is absolutely brilliant. Please get this."
,Recommended,232790,9017397,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,lightwaves1636,"I love adventure games. I find them very relaxing and fun. I really enjoyed the ability of jumping between the two stories and finding how are they related....so excited when Act II becomes availible. Lastly, it's gorgeous to look at throughout the game. Plus I love the subtle jokes in the game.....hee, love that knife."
76561197995533196,Recommended,232790,9017642,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,rentonbegbie,"Great point & click adventure with amazing atmosphere, gorgeous visuals and a certain charm to it that's rare in games nowadays."
,Recommended,232790,9057766,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,CakeandBacon,"This much awaited game has simple mechanics and a beautiful art style. The classic point and click style adventure is very short, but creative. I enjoyed the story and the alternate lives of both characters. The first act was very good and I can't wait for act 2."
,Recommended,232790,9061253,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,SarinaSlytherin,"I did quite a lot of research before purchasing this game, and looked at both the good and bad reviews for it. I must say that I was not dissapointed in what I bought by any means. It was a great game that had an amazing story to tell. Also, Jack Black was great as Lighbeard! I am certainly going to be excited to see how Act II builds upon the world that Tim has created! Totally worth buying, especially since the rumor is that Act II will be a free update to those who have already bought Act I."
76561198013312453,Recommended,232790,9061441,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Handosan,"Sweet and short. Too short. To the point of not being worth the purchase. Think waiting for a movie sequal and getting a beautiful commercial. Everything is inspired, creative, well scored, and interesting. But a 3 hour game at most. And honestly... I can spend $25 for a better 3 hours."
,Recommended,232790,8942516,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,inershun,"Fans of the PC classic adventures likeKing's Quest,Space Quest,Maniac Mansion,Monkey Island, etc. will feel right at home withBroken Age. Despite being able to switch between the two protagonists at any time, the first act will still feel short and, as of this review, the second act has not been released yet. Regardless, the story and witty script make it so much fun to experience! Production quality is fantastic and the voice work is superb. You might recognize the voice of Shay:Elijah Wood."
,Recommended,232790,8942971,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,kunguz,Nice storyline! Reminds me of the good old days with Monkey Island.
,Recommended,232790,8944405,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Gorthezar,Very Beautiful world and story
76561198061536894,Recommended,232790,8944823,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,EPBaker,Worth the money and I definitly can't wait for the update of Act 2 of the game later this year!
76561198020009486,Recommended,232790,8946064,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,starBlinky,"OMG. Just beat it and.. My GOD THE ENDING IS GOOD. Please play this game, please please please play it. You will love every second of it."
,Recommended,232790,8947501,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,surly_lemur,"Nostalgically inspiring, very surpising and atmospherically engrossing, can't reccomend enough."
,Not Recommended,232790,13548900,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,kingflathead,"Very (very) short, and not even complete. The two ""storylines"" may as well be two different games. I got through the entire thing in less than two hours.What's worse, is that there is absolutely no exploration, the puzzles are way too simple, and the characters are not sympathetic - I really didn't care what happened to anybody. They are cardboard cutouts.Avoid, avoid, avoid. I paid something like $10 and feel ripped off. Yet another ""art"" game that forgot that it was a game, and the art isn't particularly fantastic either."
76561198084345707,Recommended,232790,13552969,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,princecharming192003,This game was very good. The art is amazing and I hadn't stumbled across anything that is needed for improvement. I'm so excited for part 2!!!
76561198042246633,Recommended,232790,15598972,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Opaxia,"Part one was alright. I wouldn't really say that any of the puzzles were headscratchers, but the scenery is pretty, and it does have plot. Let's see what part II brings!"
76561198056096151,Not Recommended,232790,14854785,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Your Tovarisch Uncle Joey,"(see last section for opinion on second episode) I loved this game from start to finish but I feel I must also add the following statement: But it has no conclusion for the forseeable future+ It has great Humor+ The Nostalgia of old Point and Click games which funded the Game Anyway Ironically+ Voice Acting Effectively fits the tone (Kudos to Elijah Wood)+ Intriguing Story which left me genuinely curious to see what will happen next- Still waiting on Second Episode- Simplistic Puzzles- Still Waiting On Second Episode- Err, I cannot honestly think of another, if I wanted to nitpick I suppose that the Vella Storyline has someone slightly more mundane missions to completeBroken Age gets an 6/10 Simply because its far too much for a game that is only half finishedAnd when the Second Episode comes out, the Score will Most Likely go up to a 8.5/10Edit: Except it doesn't because the second episode has almost no new areas or levels in the slightest, the characters aside from Vella and Shae still feel like placeholders to block progression as opposed to real characters, so they could have been replaced with needlessly picky barricades with about 3 personalities to share, the plot twist is sadly rather lackluster in comparison to Schafers previous work, the gameplay does have some really neat puzzles like the previous ones, but for a game that was funded in the millions, for a game to have barely any new assets or even new characters after a year and a half wait, is unacceptable, the review still stays at 6/10 because it stands out against the backdrop of grey modern war and REALISM>FUN slew of games in this day and age, but certainly isn't up to par for the crowdfunded money it got, the second half feels tacked on and barely has world building or inventive as the first half, which is quite frankly shockingyou might say the Game Devs didn't expect such huge amounts of funding, but if their going to take it, then at least run with it, don't just blow it all on cocaine schafer!6/10 overall(Side note: Was secretly hoping for some more bugs so I could have said Wow it really is BROKEN age! I'm sorry.... I'll go in the corner now)"
76561197988011502,Recommended,232790,15819639,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Caÿazaya,"I wanted to do a different sort of review and commentary on why the game is the way it is.I believe the game has beautiful art that some people haven't fully appreciated in reviews, fantastic voice acting (Elijah Wood, Jack Black, Wil Wheaton), great score/soundtrack, some really neat puzzles and a quirky, unpredictable plot despite a predictable broader arc. The writing in this game is excellent, from plot to dialogue to character and object remarks made when solving puzzles or standing around, you can see a lot of work went into world-building.With that out of the way, Act 1 is definitely stronger and more intriguing than Act 2, which does feel a little small and rushed, and maybe if they'd gone with a publisher or had more time/money, they really could've expanded this beautiful world to more locales and characters. Sometimes it felt like puzzles needed you to just try different items on the same object or person until something worked. The item-combining mechanics of old games is present here but not as much as I'd like but that's a personal bias. Overall I'd call the game ambitious and beautiful but maybe overreaching with its budget and team.I think this is symptomatic of a creative like Tim Schafer who has big new ideas with ambitious new takes on the art style and production value, and lots of world-building that simply doesn't fall within the scope of his resources. We've seen it happen many times with his last few games and you can see that most of the art style and concepts depend on a single artist, Nathan Stapely, which I imagine the rest of the art team had to emulate; he also chose to go with high profile voice actors to make great convincing characters; his team had to develop a new engine and animation system to accommodate this new art style which is wonderful and whimsical - using 2D assets made to look 3D - but ultimately all this ambition to make something incredible on so many levels contributes to running out of resources and people's dissatisfaction with a rushed product that struggled and strained all the way through production (like most indie things do). Schafer is like another version of Peter Molyneux that actually tries to deliver on his ambitions but doesn't have the huge team and budget to do it.I loved this game despite the flaws people are mentioning. Watching the documentary (now available free on youtube under ""Double Fine Adventure!"") has absolutely given me a bias to support the project regardless of things I didn't like because I can see what they're trying to do and how difficult creative projects can be, having worked on many myself - especially a game like this one.Unfortunately, these days, thanks to Steam and digital distribution, people are not satisfied with this game at the full price. I personally believe it's worth the cost but if you're not a lover of adventure games and you didn't grow up around old school ones which were way more frustrating, wait for a sale and be happy you didn't pay full price for a beautiful game with flaws.Creativity and ambition like this are so hard to come by in the modern risk-averse industry I think it should be supported and nurtured by game lovers with the money to do it. If you love the genre, my suggestion is to stop demanding perfection and appreciating what is there instead. Yes Telltale do a new-school adventure game style but it's not the only kind of adventure game I want. I would 100% get the next game in the series if it ever gets made. Or Psychonauts 2, or really anything by Tim Schafer or Ron Gilbert that resembles it. Probably not Brutal Legend, though. That world didn't do much for me."
76561197968207416,Not Recommended,232790,15820313,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Billy,2nd half is garbage...
,Recommended,232790,10422314,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,kiminoa,"Absolutely brilliant story line.I liked the puzzles in Act I a lot better, but there are pieces of the story line in Act II that are so amazing that the Act II puzzles are worth your frustration. I've been a girl gamer since the Apple IIgs Sierra era, and I think the last time I was so pleased by a female lead in a game was... yeah, like, one of the King's Quests?  I absolutely teared up at the resolution of the game. Vella is amazing.And the Dead Eye Druids reveal? I know ya'll took it up to the edge of plausible deniability, but a lot of us noticed, and it mattered.  Thank you. <3Also some of the best voice acting and character development I've experienced in ages. Great work!"
,Not Recommended,232790,13997084,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,The Bell,"I think it's great but do read some of the negative reviews for a full story that I feel I don't know enough to really say here other than this game is just Act 1 and there's been no sign of Act 2 for years... which is a huge shame, I really hope the next part comes out some time soon.EDIT:Okay I played Act 2, I didn't even care about the ending by the time I reached it, if I have to see those same areas and those bloody wires puzzles again I'll go ga-gaPathetic for the asking price if I'm honest, there's no ending, it just stops and dies and shows some still image drawings in the background during the credit roll (which I admit I did enjoy and it gave some idea that life continued after it all randomly stopped)Would not suggest this game despite the decent voice acting, the good writing and some neat ideas... Act II dropped the ball so hard it smashed through the floor.If I can just hang out with Curtis and the talking tree as a replacement game I'd be totes down with that if I can bring the Knife guy along for company"
,Recommended,232790,15808287,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,cauhboi,"Great game! Very satisfying ending both in narrative and in gameplay. Characters are brilliantly written, dialogue is smart and funny, the puzzles were entertaining. Loved Vella as a female protagonist! Kinda do wish I had started the game over when act 2 came out - so many achievements! This games is definitely worth it!"
76561198079955206,Recommended,232790,10732752,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Omnipoek,"I reviewed this game a while back after it first came out (see below). But I wanted to write another review anyway:While I still recommend the game, I must say Act 2 is somewhat disappointing. Many of the puzzles rely on the player constantly switching back and forth between Vella and Shay while setting up a specific queue of events in order to solve the puzzle. Many puzzles are also extremely trail-and-error heavy which is a bit frustrating. Spoiler:I wanted them to elaborate more on the old woman from Sugar Bunting and how she even got involved there in the first place.Act 1 I still give 10/10Act 2 I give 6/10This game is amazing. Some of the puzzles I had to look up to solve because I'm a dummy, but this game is fantastic. I can't wait for Act 2. The end of Act 1 I did not see coming at all."
,Not Recommended,232790,8915352,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,a long way down,"(Act 2) Don't play Act 2. It's literally just a poor mirror version of Act 1 with the same exact levels and puzzles with slightly new characters and infinitely more infuriating solutions. Stop at the cliffhanger halfway through the game and imagine your own ending.(Act 1) I'll keep this short and sweet, because that's what Broken Age is. It's hilarious, somber, beautiful, always brilliant and never boring. It has characters that feel real and honest despite their children's storybook inspired looks, moments that can gut you with their sudden intensity and dark undertones, and - to be truly blunt - just one helluva finale (I am underselling this. It is... staggering). On the (only) downside: it's puzzles are either eye-rollingly easy or maddeningly vague, but the drive to see what hilarious dialogue tree will emerge from which bizarre character next is the carrot on the end of the stick here. To sum up: giant monsters, overprotective AI, sap-barfing trees, a cult in the sky, and a talking spoon whose one mission is to be stuck in your mouth. You really should just go play it already."
76561198031490499,Recommended,232790,15906314,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,ReveNaught,"Now that the full game is out, I can recommend it more with this price.Fair warning, however, the second half does feel quite a bit weaker than the first, with more puzzles that seem like they're designed to drag time out than anything else, as well as some rather obtuse solutions. Granted, bizarre puzzle solutions are appealing to some of the more old school adventure game players but I can see the odd logic frustrating some newer players.The writing in the second half is also a bit weaker, with the final plot explanation having more than a few plot holes in it though. Points to Vella's character though, she's quite well written and comes across and very dependable and intelligent, without being overbearing or annoying.Overall, I would say the game is fun and charming but has very little replay value, considering once you know the solutions to the puzzles, you can blow threw them incredibly quickly. Heck, there's even an achievement for clearing the game in under an hour.A point-and-click adventure game player would probably enjoy this, if not be heavily challenged by it. If you're not that kind of fan, I'd say wait for a sale, but at around 15 bucks I'd say it's a good buy."
76561197971532050,Recommended,232790,9658613,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Conditional Love,"An old school Point&Click adventure game of two stories made for 2015*Good+ beautiful artwork in a gorgeous art-style+ A charming, lovely and fun Adventure; I could use so many other wonderful words to describe this rare gem of adventuring delight+ excellent music+ excellent voice acting especially from Elijah Wood as Shay+ voiced dialogue for the many item-puzzle combinations""It Depends""~ It was too easy for me but I'm an expereienced adventure gamer~ Kid friendly: a nice change of pace from adult focused stories  drenched in cynicism and irony~ the interface was made for touchpads at the expense of PC gamer convenience~ short for an Adventure Game, but this is probably because the game is so easyBad- The story feels incomplete"
,Recommended,232790,11692913,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Logicly,"Just finished part 1 and wow. I generally dont play ""Point and Click"" genre, but damn. The artwork in this game is incredible, and I would buy the soundtrack just to support the game. The story makes sense and after you complete part 2 of the story, give it 3 minutes, and then your brain will go: ""Oooooooohhhh. I get it now."" The humor in this game mixes perfectly with Shay's part of the story, and the kindness and beauty mixes perfectly with Vella's part of the story.I would rate this game 9.5/10 because of a couple of very very minor GUI issues I found.P.S.: Prepare for a HUGE plot twist ;DJust finished part 2 and I am not going to lie, I am quite disappointed. Does not live up to Act 1's amazing beautiful standards. There are no new locations, no new characters, not even any new exciting GUI improvements. I was really hoping for more than just an 'ok' ending. Act 1 ends with a HUGE bang, and Act 2 just kind of left me saying: ""oh. ok?"" I still have many unanswered questions and opinions about the game.My Final Verdict: An overall good game, I would say it's worth the 25 bucks... plus it's on sale right now, so jump on that. The artwork is amazing (Best point and click artwork i have ever seen on steam) so if you're into that kind of stuff like I am, then it's a must have.Overall rating: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,232790,10939844,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,GecKo,"Amazing game with a great story line. Can't wait for Act II, the suspense is killing me----------------------------------------------------------------------------Just beat Act II. All of the puzzles were much harder, which was the only thing that could potentially be said was a negative of Act 1. Gameplay and storytelling was phenomenal!!! Well worth the purchase for the complete game. Recommend buying the soundtrack if you really enjoy the music :) If you haven't played this game yet buy it NOW!"
76561197994253848,Recommended,232790,11010028,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Wilppe,"ACT 1: Well written with a lot of clever jokes here and there that caught me off-guard, gorgeous art and music and all in all the game flows nicely. The puzzles were maybe a bit too easy at times, but at least they didn't get in the way of the story's progress that way.ACT 2: The puzzles became a lot harder, and some of them require thinking very differently. I got stuck and frustrated a few times. Same locations, art and music from act one were repeated, which was a shame. The dialogue was still fun, but at the end the story fell flat and I felt it didn't follow the premise and themes of act one properly.Overall Broken Age is a pretty, nice sounding, humorous and traditional adventure game with a very good first half, but a disappointing second half."
,Not Recommended,232790,9390697,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Ende,"""This game brings together great puzzles, great story, and great voice actors. My only complaint is that Act 2 won't be released till later this year! D:If you're a fan of point and clicks, and you enjoy artisic games with a deep story, then buy this game. If you don't, then don't buy it.. seriously... nobody told you to.. but if you do buy it.. then maybe, just maybe.. you'll enjoy it anyway.""This was my review shortly after playing the first act, i had recommended the game due to how the story was progressing. I had seriously thought that this could end up being something worthy of being played. After proceeding to tell us that Act 2 would release soon, they proceeded to take over a year to take a steaming dump on all the people who had supported the game by releasing an incomplete, extremely short ending that left plot points unfinished. The game simply ends on Shay and Vella meeting up close for the first time. No dialog, no nothing. There isn't anything to explain (Spoilers) the person/people Merick worked for. It just simply.. stops. There isn't really any closure of any form."
,Not Recommended,232790,10930952,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sardonic,"It's not bad.  In fact, it's actually rather good.  But it's not done.  Wait for it to be finished before you pull the trigger, or wait for a very, very good deal.The way the first act of it ends left something of a sour taste in my mouth, but the experience overall was a good one.EDIT FOR ACT 2:You know what, after Act 2, I'm going to have to revoke my recommendation of this game.  The puzzles are bad, the story is blah, the characters rely on information that only you the player could know from the other character's storyline  to advance the plot.I'm sorry, I like the art style, and Act 1, but honestly?  Just watch a tightly-edited LP if you're interested, it will save you a bunch of time."
,Recommended,232790,10500629,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,BIRD!!!,A nice story and some interesting puzzles. Something to get into when your having a bad day.
76561197994728275,Not Recommended,232790,15693353,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Pageturner77,"The first half was amazing and built up a wonderfully imaginative world with great characters and a compelling, myserious storyline.The second half was a bundle of illogical and time wasting puzzles in which no character development occurred, and whose ultimate reveals were so preposterous I wanted to adjust my monitor to see if that cleared it up.  Sadly a great buildup to an utter letdown."
76561198118730846,Recommended,232790,15251482,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,amandac1978,"this game single point and click game but then you have to figure things out, best thing is to hope someone playing it on youtube. but i recommend it to kids and adults alike"
,Not Recommended,232790,15426756,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,ari.adzmin,Wait for second half. Really amazing game though.
76561198013897550,Not Recommended,232790,8953698,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Pisara,"I absolutely loved the first part, and Tim Schafer with his games has been a huge part of my childhood. That along with the trailer made me buy the game. And I'm not sure anymore if I'm happy of owning it or not. I've been trying to be patient waiting for the second part to come out. I'm loosing hope. In my view the game should've been finished by now. I'm just happy I didn't fund the kickstarter, and instead bought it when it came out... Althought should've still waited. Never buying an unfinished game again.EDIT: After finishing the game now, I have to say I feel very underwhelmed by the game. Maybe I've grown past the age of these games now and the memories of the good old days are too golden to remember the faults. I don't know. With the hype this game received... I love the art style and the playstyle. It's just the puxxles, the length and the difficulty as a whole that left me wanting more. Most of the puzzles were silly easy. If one of my friends asked me if I recommend the game, I'd say not really. But I'm not telling you to not buy it either. Something that's not for me might aswell be for you."
76561198124033283,Not Recommended,232790,9993598,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Bernibolden,"Extremely short game! Can be finished in less than an hour, kind like a demo actually!It has pretty graphics and pleasant sounds.The puzzlles are on the easy side and the inventory is kept short, meaning little trouble with combining stuff.Overall, it's a perfect game for introducing one to the adventure/point-and-click genre.So far, very enjoyable. I only expect the rest of the game to be much larger than Act 1."
76561198053643068,Not Recommended,232790,12835385,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Wiet,"i feel realy ripped of, it has been way too long for the second part to be released. i think they just hope people will forget about it and take your money and go home"
76561198007374629,Recommended,232790,13634481,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,MO,Very good - a bit short at 4 hours. Would have also been nice to have a full game...
,Recommended,232790,8911083,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,LA,"Broken Age is delightful.Tim, thank you for taking me back to my childhood and doing what you do so well."
76561198026860015,Recommended,232790,13583234,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Justinian,"Excellent graphics, with smooth animation that never takes you out of the storybook visuals. Excellent voice-acting as well. But the puzzles are too simple, the game is too short, and the characters aren't quite as fleshed out as I would have liked. There was much potential here for some rich storytelling and character development, but sadly that is all missing. I hope Act 2 delivers. The game as it stands is pleasant enough, but more memorable for its graphics than anything else."
76561198045235203,Recommended,232790,13706634,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Blueboy310,"Broken Age, well what can I say. It's simply a game were...no, it's more than a simple game, it's a two stories. One were a girl is forced to give up her life just because of a tradition, and another about a boy who, how can I put this, is trapped inside of a bubble, so to speak. I dare not say more as I feal as though just reading a description of the game, no matter how much detail is put into it, wouldn't do Broken Age any justice. As to truely enjoy the game, with it's odd humor that not only makes me laugh but also question it, you have to play it for your self. Although only half the game is relesed I advise greatly, that if you are questioning weather or not to buy this game, that this ""game"" is a purchase that I will never regret."
,Recommended,232790,9211740,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Jaanii,I really enjoyed this game and can't wait to play Act 2 when it comes out! It's so far fairly short so I do kind of wish it was longer.  Hopefully act 2 will fix that! If you enjoy point and click adventure games then this is definitely something to add to your collection!
,Recommended,232790,9211877,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,spz,Amazing!
76561198001600790,Recommended,232790,9217980,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Triumphruin,Unsure about getting this game? Not sure it lives up to the hype? It does. Get it.
,Recommended,232790,9179450,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,PlayMatthew,"Really nice Point & Click. Double Fine has, again, created another game with interesting characters, humor, and put real thought into a world and storyline. I admit  to being dubious about this game given it's KickStarter supernacking followed by it's hyperexpansion but this has turned out really well. Worth my time and absolutely worth my money."
,Recommended,232790,9179649,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Chris Stopper,"A point and click adventrue with great voice acting, dialog and atmophere in very unique settings and stories. In fact how different the story was, was the thing that impressed me the most about the game.However it is very short and not at all challenging (I completed it in 2 hours and did not get stuck once). Although I did enjoy ""the ride"" the whole way through and can't wait for the second half to be released part 1 ends with alot of unanswered questions.Might not be worth the £19 price tag (for the current) 2 hours of gameplay, but if you are a fan of ""Double Fine"" point and click adventures it does not disappoint."
,Recommended,232790,9254197,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,hqnb,Challenging but not frustrating. Well written. Very pretty.
,Recommended,232790,9254435,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,data000,Interesting art and storyline.
76561198082361516,Recommended,232790,9254982,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,dmauas,"Witty, funny, easygoing, has a great atmosphere. I enjoyed every bit of it. This is the way an adventure game should feel - as if people invested their hearts in it.Too bad it's so short though - I thought I'd played one third of the game (~33%), when it ended abruptly."
,Recommended,232790,9255643,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Kweiming,"Excellent Story, point and click fun :)"
76561198009364720,Recommended,232790,9258451,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,numberland,"This is wonderful, clever & silly game. There are interesting puzzles - enough to get you thinking but nothing too complex & no hunt the pixels. Great to have a female poc lead & the stories interact beautifully. Art work & sound is lovely & immersive."
,Recommended,232790,9239428,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,asim0v,"A good game for people that like the adventure genre. Voice acting and art are superb. The story is a bit thin and left me wanting much more, but it is only Act 1. There's enough there to get you interested in the characters and world, and events really get interesting at the end."
,Recommended,232790,9241680,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,SOLANC,"Oh Double Fine....how I love you. Ever since I played the original Monkey Island games growing up I have come to expect a certain experience from playing a Double Fine game and Broken Age did NOT disappoint. Not only is the artwork beautiful, the characters and story have that magical touch to them that makes me want to sit up all night and play this game for hours. An unforgettable experience that I recommend to freakin everybody."
76561198066932779,Recommended,232790,8894542,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,[OWND] MyBalls,Long not played such a polished game. GG. It was a real pleasure.
,Recommended,232790,8894548,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Mr. Person,"Games like this prove once again how you can make something that's more than your usual ""shooty sneaky looty"" preheated soup that is so commons these days. I'm personally not very into graphic adventure, but if the story proves to be original enough I'll jump on it without hesitation (Grim Fandango, I'm looking at you).Beside the original settings and the hand-drawn arts, Broken Age features a set of characters whose characterization is simply astounding. I mean, this game made me grin and laugh over a talking table knife!The only downside is that Broken Age is too short. Sure, there's one more chapter before the conclusion of the story, but having to wait after the huge kick in the nuts you suffer at the ending really leaves you madly wondering about how's the story going to unravel.If you want something that does requires some minor thinking instead of keeping a trigger pressed, do get this game. Totally worth your time and money."
76561198071776448,Recommended,232790,8894695,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Sneakis77,Fun game with great artwork I would highly recomend to anyone who enjoys point and click games.
76561198079672061,Recommended,232790,8894718,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Vinyl Kaiju,Great to finally play a great new point & click adventure.  SoOOoo pretty with lots of super funny Schafer-esque humour.Will totally leave you wanting more (where's my copy of Grim Fandango?)  Roll on Part II...
76561198046403297,Recommended,232790,8894760,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Zombotic,Grabby Garry is a little♥♥♥♥♥♥.....10/10
,Recommended,232790,8894824,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,mediarulestheworld,"To be honest, I was getting worried as I saw the reports of the game being pushed back and everything. I didn't back it to begin with, but I was worried for all of those other backers.Thankfully, I can say that I don't think they wasted their money. I don't think I wasted my money by paying $25 for it either.It's a really solid, good game. I'm excited for Act 2."
76561198054577153,Recommended,232790,8895064,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,NickKohai,SO AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,232790,8895196,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,RetroArcadeMonkey,"Broken Age is a simple, point & click adventure game that returns to its roots.  I love this game.I find it difficult to pick out many faults in the game, yeah, people were disappointed with how people backed this project to 3 million dollars and got a 2D adventure game, as opposed to something greater, which I can understand.  But this turned out extremely well as both an adventure game and a nostalgia trip.  The thing with a lot of nostalgia trip games is, they focus more on the nostalgia value than something original, what this game did, was make something nostalgic, but original at the same time.I remember when I was a child and I used to play the old Indiana Jones games on ScummVM, along with all the Monkey Island games, and this game almost succesfully brought me back to being a child, playing those classic games...but then there's the difficulty, which is one of the few problems I could scrape off from this game's proverbial barrel, the game felt too easy in its puzzles.There was like, one puzzle that really stumped me, and that was this one part in Shay's story where you have to alter the Space Weaver's direction with the Crotchet Hook.  But other than that, I pretty much blasted through all the puzzles without much pause for thought.  Now, the differance between this and Tim Schafer's older adventure games from the '90s is the colossal change in difficulty in comparison.  Both the Monkey Island games and the Indiana Jones games stumped me a lot more than once as a child, and still does today!  But with this, it just feels a little dumbed down.And the voice acting is great, not really much else to say, other than Jack Black's appearance amused me, it felt really unneccesary to the voice acting prosess and really felt like he was just there because he's Jack Black.  Whereas Elijah Wood fit the character Shay really well, and did a great job, typical of a Hollywood actor.  Jennifer Hale is great as the mother figure and makes the character feel almost geniune, for a computer. Masasa Moyo did a brilliant job as Vella, who is one of my favorite characters in the game. (my personal favorite being a mix of the vomiting tree and The Spoon).  And Pendleton Ward as Gus kind of woked, in a weird way, with that voice that feels like it's slowly slipping into an Lumpy Space Princess voice.  And everyone else did a good job!Music felt a little all-over-the-place here, it didn't know if it wanted to be epic, or simple background music.  It's great, but it didn't feel like it sat very well with the game most of the time, except for the some of the background music.  The one piece of music I loved was the music that came in when Vella rode the bird into Cloud Town, it really made me want to slay a beast!Art/graphics were really stylized and really nice to look at, which gave me an overpowering sense of childlike wonder, just like its storyline, it's almost like playing a children's story-book; surreal and wonderful.  It's just a pretty game to me overall.  And it also reminded me quite heavily of Psychonauts with its character designs and surreality, and the funny thing is that they actually got the original voice actor for Raz to voice character here!  And he also does well here!  I also have a love for great lighting in artwork.The story is so simplistic, just like an oldschool point and click...but with a slightly modern twist!  It's a coming-of-age story, and the game's title makes alot of sense in that regard, and I don't tend to care much for coming-of-age stories but this is one that I could really latch on to.  The story is simplistic and surreal like a children's story, like I said before.  And I honestly believe this could work extremely well as a story-book for teens and children alike, Tim Schafer: Please make this happen!And well, yeah! Can't wait for Act 2!  This was a really great game to play through and I'm glad I bought this, thank you Tim Schafer for making another great game, and a possible game of the year!  Thank you for reading this review!  Thank you, backers for making this game exist!  Thank you, Jack Black for being Jack Black!  Thank you, Double-Fine Studios for existing!  And thank you Jesus!  Good-night!"
,Recommended,232790,8895198,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Euphamia,Short but great story.  Can't wait for act 2!
76561198025150282,Recommended,232790,8895573,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Local_lunatic,I will say only this: Complete Shay's Story first for maximum entertainment.
,Recommended,232790,8895963,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Natasha Jack Nicklaus,"I watched this game on a couple of YouTubers channels and got instantly hooked. I decided to pre-order the game in great anticipation of this release and I couldn't have chosen a better game this week if I tried. This game is insanely addictive and the story line is so amazingly well written. The script made me laugh an insane amount of times and I really CANNOT wait until ACT 2 after finishing the first ACT. What a fantastic game, you MUST try it!"
,Recommended,232790,8896150,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Technop,"Double Fine once again prooves that a game doesn't need to be a FPS to be a good game. Broken Age may not be action packed but it delivers that Double Fine charm you may be familar with if you have play other games of their's such as Psychonauts along with returning voice actors such as Richard Horvitz (invader Zim, Raz), Jack Black, Jennifer Hale, and even a couple of the kids from psychonauts like Lili and Kitty come back (mayhaps the hinting of psychonauts 2 starting up, please Double Fine). If I could choose one thing about it that is annoying though it would definatly have to be the length, It didn't take long to finish part 1 of the 2 part game."
76561198116573857,Recommended,232790,8896230,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,r.skycatcher,"Short game but absolutely wonderful every moment. Honestly one of the best gaming experiences I have had in a long time. The voice cast and the music alone are worth the look. Let alone taking point and click adventures to the beauty that they can be. For all you retro gamers who prefer pixelation it does have the hidden retro mode, but the fluid nature of the game looks to good to hinder it that way.Great story and well written, not too difficult either. I honestly look forward to ACT II later this year. I want more games like this."
76561198041363365,Recommended,232790,8896343,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Shino,pretty and funny
,Recommended,232790,8896586,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Celes Chere,"I'd like a refund so I can get the game + the soundtrack.Also, let the credit roll, it's worth it."
,Recommended,232790,8896682,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Pizzano,A lot of pointing.  Even more clicking. Humour on a level I didn't expect and amazing artwork like a children's book.Warning: Chills are waiting at the end.
,Recommended,232790,8896760,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Jemb,"Beautiful game, as of now only Act 1 is released and is dissapointinly short (took me about 3 hours to beat both stories and complete all of Act 1), although if Act 2 is the same length or longer I guess the game in its entirety would be an acceptable length.Very excited to play Act 2, definitely hope DoubleFine continues to make great games like this."
76561197970807622,Recommended,232790,8896855,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,JayZus,Another fantastic game from Tim Scahfer's mind! Very enjoyable 3-4 hours or so. Makes me wish for Psychonauts 2.
,Recommended,232790,8896933,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,BeardedPixel,This is a great game. Act one was short but the story really made up for it. Also I loved the voice acting and the puzzle solving. I felt that this game was hard enough for an adult but easy enough for a kid.
76561197970592489,Recommended,232790,8897018,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,chrislugo,"Remarkable and beautiful game.  Get it now, you will not regret it. I would give it a 9.5/10"
,Recommended,232790,18282458,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,EpicFail,"Fun relaxing game to play with my girl. Surprising brutality (consequential, rather than gore, or which there is none) at certain moments contrasts delightfully with the game's artistic style (which is beautiful and a bit haunting)."
76561198041908393,Not Recommended,232790,9159346,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,MrSpacePan,Act 1 is great.Act 2 will annoy you.
76561198082127744,Recommended,232790,18292305,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Madpan,"Woulderfull game, really fun to play, great story, anyways, great in everything!"
,Recommended,232790,9407974,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Mnemophage,"It is March 10, 2014. I have played four hours of Broken Age. It was four of the most enchanting, beautifully-designed hours I've ever spent. It was four hours of rich detail, adorable storytelling, and classic adventure game mechanics well-aged and pressed though the welcome filter of sensible logic. Then it cut off at the halfway point, and now I know how men feel at strip clubs when the lights go up and the bouncers close in.I mean, I'm not saying don't buy this. It's absolutely fantastic. It's exactly what I hoped, but never thought it could be. It was precisely what I wanted to see out of that Kickstarter campaign, out of Double Fine, out of all the luminous talent responsible for this treasure. It has a ship made of yarn, valley girl cultists, a jetpack that is actually a large tin of whipped cream, and Pendleton Ward. It's also halfway done, and will cut you off at an infuriating point so, y'now, be forewarned.If I actually remember I wrote this review a year from now, maybe I'll edit it up. But, so it is. So it is.Edit, October 9, 2015: It's done. The second half declines somewhat in quality, due mostly to an exceedingly irritating puzzle that they make you do over and over again. The message gets a bit muddled, and the thing I loved most from the first half - exploring these beautiful, ridiculous landscapes, poking them and stealing their things - is necessarily curtailed. The game, as a whole, is still worth it - but keep a pencil and paper around. Trust me."
76561197970755187,Not Recommended,232790,18222990,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,MGarceau,"Broken Age is a really obtuse puzzle game.The voice acting is great, story interesting; though, it's marred by way too much backtracking, way too much wandering around banging your head against the unintuitive puzzle-solving. I found myself majorly frustereated by this game. Too bad, really, because the story is quite good."
,Recommended,232790,18231472,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,ElusiveOne,"This game feels in many ways and with ample reason like a gracious throwback to the golden era of classic LucasArts adventure games of the 90's, while giving it a light evolutive nudge in the right direction. Simplified interface, slick execution, dynamic cameras and hi-resolution art all contribute to making it feel contemporary without compromise.Imaginative art and characters evolve in an intriguing story that is best explored without any previous exposition. I deliberately shielded myself from all spoilers before playing and this resulted in a most pleasurable and strangest experience, without preconceived notions.Creativity and originality abound in all the worlds you'll visit. The game does an excellent job of nudging the player in the right direction with its own positively peculiar logic, or at least hinting at what to do next, even in situations that couldn't possibly have their equivalent here on Earth. It is mostly a matter of figuring out how to do things rather than guessing at what the game is expecting from the player, except in a few rare occasions when a walkthrough did come handy.There is no wrong choice, no way to die or fail, and almost every line of dialogue is funny, sometimes hilarious, or at least worth hearing. This sets the perfect tone for easy going discovery and lets the player enjoy the ride without worries. Some of the plot twists aren't fully surprising but there is a good lot of them that were pleasantly unexpected.The cast has been superbly selected to give every character complete credibility, despite the innocence or stupidity of some. I wish some of them had been better explored, some clichés avoided, and without spoiling the end it could certainly have been improved. The game does not take itself seriously but is generally nonetheless credible, except in the last bits and tacky conclusion.While I did have a clear preference for Vella's world and her part of the story (and her overall personality), Shay's also features its load of welcome distinct elements. The latter did have that weird bit of discomfort hanging all over it though, almost from the onset, like a lingering feeling that all is not right and that this protagonist is just weird and unable, which initially made me wish they'd done this part slightly differently.The game does have a few grating elements that become a bother in several instances. The bottom UI sometimes really gets in the way, especially when hot spots are located close to the inventory corner. The game does feature some silly puzzles despite the inherent logic that drives the majority of the rest. Switching characters is never made necessary until the second act and initially feels underused, whereas it could have been a central feature (Day of the Tentacle andThe Caveare excellent examples). Some going back and forth becomes very tedious especially at the end (the rewiring bits drove me nuts!) and unfortunately left a bitter taste that tainted my enjoyment.Overall Broken Age is still a clear winner for anyone with a bit of nostalgia for good old LucasArts and Sierra titles. Its few wrong steps and shortcomings manage not to get in the way of its fun setting and narrative. It is refreshing to see classic adventure gaming take the spotlight once again, even if one should not expect them to regain their crown as a leading genre."
,Recommended,232790,18108922,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,lullynevenstar,"Yes, the second half was very rushed, partially illogicalonly how characters seem to be accepting of shocking revelations, imo, and the ending is a tiny bit of a let down. However, there is a lot of charm to this game. I'd recommend getting it if it goes below $10.00. Great visuals and voice acting and was kept interested until the very end."
76561198010339172,Recommended,232790,18260672,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Riunn Snow,"I enjoyed the story the game provided, though parts of the game became tedious at times when some of the puzzle elements weren't very apparent. The biggest issue was that the game didn't tell you when you had to switch back and fourth to finish the chapters later on in the game.I liked the art style, voice acting. As a child, I used to enjoy point and click adventure stories like this but currently I'm not much a fan of this style of game play. Regardless, for a point and click adventure game, it is quite decent. I would suggest to buy when it is on sale though, I feel the price point of the game is a bit steep for the length of the game. Plus, not much replay value either.Though it says I played it for 14.3 hours, that is not the case, the game is much shorter to play through than that, atleast a third of the time, I left the game running while I ran errands, etc."
,Recommended,232790,18258688,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Tito,"It's a great comeback for the long gone point n click adventures that remain just as a memory. Broken Age brings back those great ""eureka!"" moments, but that also comes with the frustration of being stuck in puzzles whose solution never seem quite satisfactory. Nevertheless it's issues won't take away from the amazing voice acting, incredible art style and soundtrack, wonderful characters and the feeling of having reached the end of a journey at the game's last moments.I'd recommend Broken Age to whomever wants to have the experience of the old Lucas Arts adventures in a revitalized format."
76561198058928121,Recommended,232790,12431818,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Miles MMM,"A fantastic nostalgic game. The mood, characters, art, and soundtrack are phenomenal. I cant wait for the second half, but to be honest the first half was worth the money even though it may be short. This is the sort of game you should take your time with and savor every moment you get to spend in its two worlds."
,Recommended,232790,12436043,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,A creeping feeling of dread,"The ending will have you going ""Bruuuuuuuuuuh."" for a while. Can't wait for part 2"
76561198066195467,Recommended,232790,10989752,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,CalebSmith,Great game! Go play it!
76561197971631274,Recommended,232790,10993579,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,morbid0ne,"A stunningly beautiful, well-animated, and masterfully written adventure game that is to be expected of Tim Schaefer and his team. The voice cast is amazing (Ellijah Wood, Jack Black, and more!), as is the soundtrack, which sets a great atmosphere and mood; the dialogue has the token wit and humor you would expect from the folks that brought us Monkey Island, Full Throttle, and so on. Not to mention, every character you come across is so likeable, it's difficult to not identify with each and every one of them in some way.The puzzles were very easy for me and did not slow my pace through the game, however, I didn't mind it so much as I was itching to advance through where it was somewhat reminiscent of not wanting to put a really good book down. Naturally, I finished it quickly, but it was such a pleasure and I can't wait for Act 2."
,Recommended,232790,10951185,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sharktopus_Rex,"I really can't say enough about this game, it's a work of art. It's a gorgeous game with a great story (so far) and really captures the old click-adventure gamestyle. The music is fantastic too."
76561197996957680,Recommended,232790,10951300,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,AeriformSkills,The artwork in this game is amazing along with the acting. I enjoyed every minute playing this game
76561198004781893,Recommended,232790,10953760,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,FryGuy,"A great point-and-click with a unique setting, awesome music, and an intriguing story! Can't wait for Act 2."
,Recommended,232790,11146938,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Diamond,"This is by far one of the more rewarding adventure games that I've played thus far.  It has a lot of personality, and is never overly difficult, but always challenging.  I'm really excited for when Act II gets released."
76561197970072508,Recommended,232790,12360954,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,chris,"I had the biggest grin on my gace whilst playing this beautifully cradted game. The story and characters so far have been excellent, I can't wait to see how it all develops in the second act."
,Recommended,232790,12204824,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Edrialyse,"I am still waiting for the next part of the story to come out, but this game is seriously amazing. Tim Shafer coming back from the dead of adventure click games to create an immense story that is so much fun. I got stuck sometimes, but that did not stop me from continuing to click on everything till I figured it out! A must have in your Steam library! 9/10 because waiting for next part!"
,Recommended,232790,12213625,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Kenji-B,"Disclaimer: This review is going to consider only Act 1 of the game. This does not, however, regard the game's price, as Act 2 isn't included yet, but will be released soon for free.Many people are complaining about the length of the game compared to its price at the moment, and as such are not recommending the game. I don't think that's fair, because the first half of the game is about four hours and 30 minutes long, so I'm expecting at least 8-9 hours of gameplay once Act 2 is released. (End Disclaimer)Broken Age is a game with two co-existing stories that are set inseeminglyseperate worlds.  One story follows Vella, a girl from the bakery town of Sugar Bunting who has been selected to be sacrificed to a monster known as Mog Chothra as part of the town's ""maiden feast""- which is apparently a great honor- and ultimately chooses to escape the event in search of a way to kill the beast.  The other story centers on Shay, a boy who is alone on a sentient spaceship that takes care of him, and more importantly, keeps him safe.  Shay, however, is bored of the childish, mundane routine that the ship puts him through every day to keep him entertained, and discovers that the ship's AI has been lying to him, which sets him on a quest to take control of the ship himself.Broken Age plays as a point-and-click adventure game; in most situations, you click areas you want to move to or investigate, ask questions from NPCs to figure out what to do or where to go, solve puzzles, collect items, use items to solve more puzzles, and most importantly, discover the world and immerse yourself in the story of the world.  The game allows you to transition from Vella's and Shay's stories at any time via. the Inventory Window, so if you get stuck on a puzzle in one world, you can switch to the other for a while so you can continue playing the game without getting super frustrated. There are many ways to use this system to fit your playing preferences; you can switch the stories regularly, you can switch the stories when you get stuck on a character, or you can just play through one character at a time as you wish.Overall, the game feels pretty good- that is, the game flows for me.  If I click an area farther away, the characters will run to the target, whereas if I click an area closer to me, the characters will walk.  The camera-work feels right for the most part, however sometimes the inventory will pop up if I move the cursor too close to the bottom left of the screen, especially when a place I want to click is located near that location. Cutscenes are generally done through a close-up view of the characters as they speak, and the animations during the cutscenes are fun and captivating.  I'm never terribly confused as to what an item in my inventory does, as clicking on them without dragging them on anything gives me a decent description of the item. Sometimes, dragging certain items towards certain characters results in a fun(ny) interaction between the player character and the respective other characters.Generally, anything that is clickable that is not a walkable path presents useful or amusing information / dialogue about the objects when clicked.  NPCs never feel totally boring to listen to, and if you are a faster reader than the voice acting (and happen to have subtitles on), you can skip any cutscenes by hitting space once or twice.The illustration style is quirky, painterly, and well-done.  It's also sometimes surreal, but there's nothing remarkably too creepy or unsettling generally found in surrealist paintings; if that's kind of your thing, you'll probably disagree with me on its surreality. As mentioned early, the characters are animated in a way that is fun and captivating, and it's fun to watch the characters move, even with their idle animations.  The visual effects really make everything come together, from background objects rotating to in-game LED screens flashing words, to puffs of clouds kicking up as a chracter walks, they really help background elements feel more real and connected the characters that inhabbit the spaces.The music is beautiful.  (If you grab the soundtrack, I highly suggest listening to Vella and Shay's theme songs all the way through.)  Overall, it really makes the atmosphere of the game come alive, especially with the cutscenes with songs that are scored into the game, or the ones that don't feature a lot (or any) interaction with the game itself, which sets up a nice cinematic feeling that, in my opinion, adds to the game rather than take away from it.Some of the things I noted people complain about are the difficulty of the puzzles and the linearity of choices as you go through the game.  While I recognize that the difficulty of the puzzles is low, and generally not super-challenging, I feel that for the sake of being only the first half the game, it definitely is better for those gamers who are not common adventure game players to ease into the logic of the game puzzles.  Plus, I thought they were hard enough for most people to not realize immediately how to solve several of the puzzles, especially when the options are not immediately or obvious or sometimes overlooked for feeling they are a tad ridiculous.  (In my experience, the more difficult puzzles took me much longer to figure out in comparison to the ones that were intentionally much easier. Additionally, I have to mention that not a lot of people realize the solution to one of the first puzzles in one of the stories until it's almost directly stated in the dialogue.)In response to the linearity of choices as you go through the game, I feel like if you weren't given some sort of goal to work towards as you get through the game, many of the players would spend a lot of time in the game getting next to nothing done.  I don't say this as if a game is meant to be beaten, but for a game heavily focused on the stories of two characters, it's not as if the fate of these characters are ultimately determined by what the player does in the game, but more by the story. To make my point clear; the reason some puzzles are presented to you at certain times if for the sake of story progression.  You would be totally stuck if you didn't know what to at times.  If the problem is less so linearity due to story progression and more the lack of extra things to do, well.... I don't think you realize this, but even this amount of content was super-expensive to make, and you wouldn't realize this if you hadn't been watching the Double Fine Adventure documentary (or, for that matter, have been interested in the games industry besides as a consumer in the first place).It's not like I don't have any problems with the game at all; some important objects you need for puzzles blend into the background, or are looked over in the first few times you pass the area they're contained in.  Some jokes fall flat, which is fine for the most part I suppose, because otherwise the dialogue is amazing for all reasons.  As mentioned earlier, sometimes the camera placement results in clickable locations being located in the bottom-left corner of the screen, so the inventory likes to pop up and you'll wind up clicking an item instead of the intended location.As mentioned earlier, this review doesn't take into account the amount of time you can play compared to it's price in it's current state.  Also as mentioned, the game plays for about four hours and 30 minutes total, with about 2 hours and 15 minutes per character for a more experienced adventure gamer.  If the rest of the game was canceled right now, I wouldn't suggest purchasing the game.(This is less so for the length of the game in it's current state, but the fact that it ends at such a HUGE cliffhanger.)However, Act 2 is being added for free soon, so I think the money's worth it.I'm running out of characters; all-in-all, 9.5 / 10 from me, can't wait for Act 2. :)"
76561198000789793,Recommended,232790,12226575,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Bwinks,A decent game
,Recommended,232790,12264060,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Friendly_NPC,"Quick and simple adventure game, mostly-straightforward puzzels that usually involve saying the right thing or just using the right item on someone with very little item combining. The game lets you know which items are interactable and what you can try to use items on, so you're not pixel hunting all the time. Some 'puzzles' are just an exercise in exhausting all the possible dialog options, which isn't exactly challenging.Broken Age is presented really well, the sound and animation fits the style of the game nicely. There is a bit of comedy,  but more along the lines of goofy and silly visuals and dialog. It's not something you'll be laughing out loud over.Story gets predictable halfway through if you finish one character completely then move on to the next (rather than bounce between the two), which is entirely possible since the two characters gameplay and puzzles are entirely seperate. Perhaps the next chapter will have more Day of the Tentacle level character interplay.Not a really complex or difficult adventure game, but a good casual adventure romp. If you want a simple way to kill ~3 hours, I would suggest getting this if its got a good enough sale going."
,Recommended,232790,12266216,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,alemohamad,"Amazing story for a point and click game. I believe that the content quality (story, images, voices and music) is something incredible to have in this game. I didn't expect the Act 1's ending, and it was head crushing. I can't wait to see what's in the story of Act 2, and I can't wait to find out how it goes. :)"
,Recommended,232790,12267865,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,liganic,Very well made with great story telling and amazing atmosphere.
,Recommended,232790,12356583,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Velocifox,Amazing game. Only wish it was longer!
,Recommended,232790,12357078,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,GRIONSAW,"This game is beuatiful and a joy to play. I wholeheartedly recommend it. That said, at full price you're paying €23 for 3-4 hours of gameplay. I was lucky enough to get it at 75% off during the summer sale.  Honestly, I don't think I could justify spending more than €10 - €12 on it,  good as it is."
,Recommended,232790,12451342,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,PowerFantastic,"Beautiful game! Great twist at the end, I can't wait till Act II is available."
,Recommended,232790,12461417,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Stina,"Absolutely beautiful art, fun story, it's not very demanding but didn't need to be. I couldn't stop taking screenshots! The only negative thing is that it's really over way too fast."
76561198143237612,Recommended,232790,11670835,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Tom,"The game evokes nostalgia for the old adventure games of the 90s from Sierra and Lucasarts and features beautiful artwork, a whimsical environment, and nice voice acting.  However, the puzzles were trivial and the act itself was short so a playthrough only took a couple hours.  Hopefully, the later act or acts will be substantially longer.  I'd recommend the game but suggest waiting for a sale or until the rest of it is released."
,Recommended,232790,11684672,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Mae_Lane,"Act 1 was gorgeous. I loved the scenery, the dialogue, and all of the characters. I can't wait until Act 2!!"
76561198077157520,Recommended,232790,11745624,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,zewilson94,"Broken Age is a beautiful point and click adventure. The voice acting is solid, the animations are fluid and the dialogue is very well done and humorous. Although I did not enjoy the whole game, I am still recommending it for Vella's story and the overall charm the game exudes. (review is based on Act 1 only since Act 2 is not yet avaliable)Pros:-Vella's story is incredibly interesting and very well done. It's something a little different that is intriguing and Vella is a very likable character.-The graphics are breathtaking. There are lots of vibrant colors that animate well. It's a treat for the eyes!-The difficulty is not too tough like other point and click games so it is not a frustrating game.-The voice actors do such a good job that the universe is believable.Con:-Shay's story was horribly boring to me. While I did like the idea and some of the characters in it, I had to really push myself to play through it. I didn't really care too much about Shay, I just wanted to play as Vella.So all things considered, I'd give this game about a 7.5. The reason the score isn't higher is due to Shay's portion of the game being so boring when compared to the excitement in Vella's half of the game. All in all, this is a fairly solid point and click game that fans of the genre should experience!"
76561198129811794,Recommended,232790,10990581,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,NA Bestfriend,Broken Age is an enjoyable point-and-click adventure. its fun with a cool storyline.
,Recommended,232790,11710149,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,RoyalRaspberry,"Highly recommend this fun, intelligent point and click adventure game. A lot of it had the same humor and feel that made Monkey Island so loveable (which shouldn't be a surprise). The art is gorgeous, the writing is lovely, and the voice acting is excellent.  It's super short, I beat it in about 4 hours (and I'm crap at puzzles) but Act 2 is in the works. Very much worth the time and money!"
,Recommended,232790,11706388,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,drenmon,"Great little game.Pros:--The art style is a lovely new look for an adventure game.The story is origional and kept me wanting more.I was expecting more interaction between the two playable characters but I guess that might come in Act 2.On the whole, I found it relitivly easy, with one or two exeptions. Which I dont mind as it was nice enough to just sit back and enjoy it, but puzzleing enough to keep me engaged.Cons(ish):--I kinda prefered the inventory interface in Deponia (Which if you are intrested in this, you chould check out) and it would have been nice to be able to skip through bits of speech ""old school style"" instead of haveing to use the keyboard and skip a full cutscene but thats just nit-picking.Conclution:--Its funny, and super enjoyable to play with great voice actors.I recommend, especially if this is your first Adventure game."
,Recommended,232790,11696930,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,DeLuman,"After watching the ending to this game (literally a minute ago) I'm not sure what to think.  As far as adventure (point and click) games go this one is fairly simplistic and would make for a good entry game to the genre for potential new fans, however experienced players may be almost insulted at the simplicitity.  The graphics are fun and cartoony, the music and sound effects are good.  The characters are interesting although completely one-dimensional.  The plot doesn't make much sense or at least it doesn't by the time it's over, things leading up to it make sense in a cause and effect fashion although you will be scratching your head wondering exactly what or many many chemicals were consumed in the generation of this game, but no more so then many other games of this genre.Overall this is a soft recomendation, especially because the price point doesn't seem to fit the fairly minimal number of hours that I put into this game.  But I think more often then not, people will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,232790,11483407,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,billie337,"“Broken Age: Act I” by Double Fine Productions is a point-and-click adventure that focuses on two different protagonists in two different stories.  One protagonist is a young female named Vella Tartine and the other protagonist is a young male named Shay Volta.  Vella's story mainly belongs to the realm of fantasy while Shay's story is mainly science fiction.  However, both protagonists and both stories take place within one world, and that's where the game's charm lies.  That's not to say that only the setting of these stories is charming.  Honestly, the whole game is charming in its own way.The first thing I noticed when playing this game was the fantastic art design.  The art style featured in this game is simple, but how it looks absolutely astounded me.  The animations are practically flawless.  It's insanely hard to distinguish a cutscene from actual gameplay because everything looks so good.  In addition, the environments are beautiful to look at.  Whether the characters were in a forest, in the clouds, or in space, my eyes were more than happy to perceive what I was looking at.However, graphics don't mean anything if the gameplay cannot back it up.  The player is given a choice between starting with Vella's story or Shay's story.  Shay's story is not very interactive for the first 30 or so minutes.  If I wasn't watching a cutscene, I was clicking something on the screen to start the next cutscene.  To be fair, I'm pretty sure that Double Fine Productions intended the first half of the story to be like that.  Either way, when I was finally given complete control over my character, I never wanted to stop playing.Even though “Broken Age: Act I” is a simple game, I cannot deny how much fun it was to play.  This, in my opinion, is the best kind of point-and-click adventure.  Every puzzle in this game is actually logical.  In other words, I rarely spent time endlessly trying to combine two different items in my inventory in hopes of finding a combination that would let me continue the story.  Not only that, but every puzzle isn't too hard or too easy.  I rarely knew the correct thing to do right away, and I rarely felt the need to stop playing the game because I couldn't figure out how to proceed.“Broken Age: Act I” never got frustrating because of the fact that there are two different stories to choose from.  Instead of forcing the player to finish one story before starting the other, the game allows the player to easily change between both stories at the click of the mouse.  No progress is lost, either!  This was a very handy feature for me because whenever I got stuck I simply switched stories.  Whenever I got stuck in the second story, I would switch back to the first one.  By the time I got back to the first one, my mind would usually be calm enough to find the solution rather easily.  This is a simple feature, but an amazing one.  In fact, it's a feature that I wish other point-and-click adventures will pick up.  However, it's a feature that is unique to “Broken Age: Act I,” but that only further proves how good this game is.Overall, “Broken Age: Act I” was a very pleasant surprise.  It's beautiful to look at and wonderful to play.  In addition, the music this game features and humor this game displays kept me entertained throughout.  Lastly, the story kept me engrossed until the very end.  Very few games have forced me to drop my jaw, but this game is one of them.  I obviously cannot say why my jaw dropped, but I will say that the ending to this game is something to praise.  Not to mention that this is still just the first act of a two-act game.  The first act of “Broken Age” is something to behold, and I cannot wait to see what is waiting for me in the second act."
,Recommended,232790,9792264,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Kaister300,this game is a lot of fun and i can't wait until act 2 comes out
,Recommended,232790,9822333,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,guy_takashi,"With quirks strewn about, the dialogue shines in this game about clicking. The game looks great but it crashed maybe twice. Autosave checkpoints saved the game though."
76561198027997429,Recommended,232790,9719355,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Amopax,"It's beautifully designed, has lots of character, and the dialogue inventive and funny. I do wish however that it was longer. Compared to the price it felt a little too short. Waiting for episode 2 now."
,Recommended,232790,9719890,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,cl0ckw0rk921,"Not very long game, but it is only Act 1. The story was solid and the character interactions/voice actors really make this game. If you're looking for a good way to unwind with a story-driven plot and some really basic puzzles, I would definitely recommend it."
76561198028245341,Recommended,232790,9683435,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Pixel Pattern,"Sure it's easy. But like who cares really. All that really matters, is that this is the closest we're getting to Frodo being in space. And that's the important thing in life."
76561198124499470,Recommended,232790,9649805,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,vosianblue,Beautiful game!
76561198035091467,Recommended,232790,11350820,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Kribii Lii Morii,"The art is wonderful, and the story and puzzle finding is wonderful. Love it"
,Recommended,232790,11205668,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Nucklesoo7,"Animation is amazing, the voice acting and writing are superb, and the puzzles are so fun.  not entirely sure about the story so far, then again I've only played about an hour or so of it. Its not bad at all, I'll tell you that. Just hoping it's worth the 24 dollars"
,Recommended,232790,11207924,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Gruff Pudding,"Banned... For.... Life.Classic point and click adventure game, really well written and some amazing voice actors for a small project (jack black, ellijah wood). Would recommend buying but would wait for a sale because its quite short if you've played these types of games before (i clocked in at 3.5 hours for act one without rushing and listening to all the dialogue) the puzzles are super easy would have preffered something a bit more challenging a la monkey island, broken sword, discworld.Also the cutlery talks soooo +1 for that"
76561198079319534,Recommended,232790,11187830,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,sparticus414,This is a great game!  Reminds me of the old school DOTT and Full Throttle style games.
76561198117062359,Recommended,232790,11192974,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,ManicRabbit,"I enjoyed playing Act 1 of this game. Yes the controls were easy and yes figuring out the puzzles were easy. But what made it fun to play was the individual story of each of the two main characters. I really enjoyed how they came together. The art was enjoyable and original. The music was nice and went along with the story well.  I really like the way Shay's spaceship was designed to coincide with the way the ""mother"" treated Shay no matter how old he got. It was nice to have Elijha Wood be the voice of Shay. I also enjoyed the other cast members voices who I knew.  They matched the personality perfectly. The dialogue between the characters was amusing and fun. The character designs were charming and done very well. I look forward to Act 2 of the story."
,Recommended,232790,11150554,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,royalewithcheese,"It's really lovely, the art is gorgeous and the voice acting is fantastic. The only thing is that this is only Act 1, so I can't judge what the next part will be like. It's a sort of puzzler as well as a really cool original story. Definitely recommend this one."
,Recommended,232790,11141318,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Yial,"This is one of the best adventure games I've played in 10+ years, however, the puzzles are a tad easy at times, but the story is fantastic."
,Recommended,232790,12292270,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Creepy,"Cute Enough, but plot rides too much on the reveal. The sequel should it ever come will decide this ones fate"
,Recommended,232790,12370449,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,reset_by_peer,"Fun, old school point and click adventure. Kid friendly, but at the same time somewhat deep if you [utl=http://www.terminally-incoherent.com/blog/2014/09/17/broken-age-mog-chothra/]consider the subtext[/url]."
76561198060875677,Recommended,232790,8897852,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Vote 1 for deeznutz,"At first I was very sceptical, I thought ""In this day and age a point and click game dosent sound appealing"". And thoughout the expierience I thought it was monotonous and boring. But at the ending... You will relise what a masterpiece of a story it is, all the clues are just whisked away in your brain that point to the sickening truth that is shown throughout and when the plot unravels the game shows its true glory. After the ending you will be wanting to walkthrough the game again to see all the plot. Definately recommend, altough pricy its a great expieriece filled with Humour and beatiful art. Double fine you clever ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s have pulled off another masterpiece.But... Theres a but... Double fine having had came under finacial troubles have used this game as a money grab on a few specific kickstarter like websites and they have overpriced the final product greatly considering there is only 5 hours max worth of gameplay, no replayability and its 25 dollars for 5 hours worth of gameplay! I cant push that point enough when you can go and buy counter strike global offensive for 99 cents when its on sale and end up having 200 hours in a click of the fingers, for now i will keep my review a positive, but it ashames me that double fine has resorted to money grabbing, in its most vile means. This game has taken over 3 years and all of a sudden it came out of nowhere when double fine has spare time! The justice department most definately needs to act on this complete disrespect for backers and yet still after 3 BLOODY YEARS! They have not released the second act of the game. While the game is good I cant help but wonder what kind of laws should be put in place for these coporate money grabs."
76561198093893754,Recommended,232790,13118427,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Slytherin_icee92,Fun game! Makes you think outside the box constantly. The storyline is intricately interesting but no body likes cliffhangers. I would have rather waited for the full game rather than playing the first act and having to wait for the next one. Other than that there is nothing but positive things I can say about this game.
76561198078881671,Recommended,232790,13115729,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,mcrist0,Absolutely fantastic game.  I felt like a kid again.
76561198081390832,Not Recommended,232790,13116530,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Sayunotus,"So I begged for this game and I play it day and night (just the 1st day and night)and at the end Im like Sweet! I beat Act 1 Now on to Act 2...searching around for the button or suggestion or anything I just wait there...I closed the game thinking itll come out next year.Well That was a year ago and there still isnt an act 2 Its sitting in my library colecting dust.I look at it and think ""Why are you so...so Half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥??""and it still its in my Library collecting dust."
76561198000249702,Recommended,232790,13102646,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,dReas,Great artwork. Great story. Great point and click adventure :)
,Recommended,232790,12375921,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,AzzahNoble,This game gives modern gamers a retro-style adventure game puzzling experience (take that however you want). Brilliant aesthetics and absorbing story. Would have enjoyed it more if they finished the game!
76561198067642755,Recommended,232790,11543843,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,jryr82,"Beautiful, relaxing and charming.  This is exactly what I want from a point and click game.  The story was interesting, the voice acting was spot on, and the art was amazing.  Just what I needed."
76561197995259336,Recommended,232790,11543896,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Byte-Sized,"Fun and original, just wish it was a bit longer :("
76561198024634564,Recommended,232790,11544705,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,outlawtorn831,Great Double Fine productions game. Great story. I recommend. Cant wait for Grim Fandango!
76561198131125133,Recommended,232790,11880510,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,nikkidubs,"Loved Act 1 of Broken Age. The graphics are beautiful and unique, and the dialogue is sharp and clever--a refreshing throwback to point-and-click games of the 90s. Which makes sense, because it's Tim Schafer after all. My major (albeit only) complaint is the price, which I'm assuming only covers the first act. Had the game been more difficult I think it would be justified, but it was relatively easy and I beat it in under four hours, only hitting one snag. It is my hope that Schafer and his team have taken note of this and will make Act 2 more challenging. I definitely don't regret the purchase though--it's a really fantastic game with a phenomenal storyline and excellent voice acting (my love for Wil Wheaton only increased after playing). Definitely looking forward to Act 2."
76561198026517785,Recommended,232790,11882794,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,RAKUNT,"Story is amazing, must get. Can't wait for act 2"
76561198006704302,Recommended,232790,11859647,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,-=ETM=-Screamer,"I really like the game Broken Age. The story is very unique and the game has a lot of surprises.Most people think the game is very short. This may be true, but I think the overal effort in this game is really worth the money.The music is great, makes me feel in a different world. Also it is really great to hear the character voices in the game.I really love to play more of this game genre."
76561197998718279,Recommended,232790,11850639,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,l33tspock,"Beautiful, polished, fun, stimulating.In a word.  Too short.As fun as this game is, and as worthwhile a play, I would not recomend more than 10 USD for the playing.  My steam time seems a bit off as I don't think I finished this game in only 6 hours, but it was over in a day, so maybe.It's everything you want in a partner, or adventure game, unfortunately it felt like it was over before it really began.If you can find this on sale for 5$ definitely buy it, the devs were a bit too ambitious on this one, or perhaps they bit off more than they could chew, and coudln't manage their time and resources properly.  Either way, what came out was good, just ... not good enough.Try it!  5$ recomended price."
,Recommended,232790,11070490,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,LawfulWaffle,"I really enjoyed this game. It's visually beautiful, has a compelling storyline, and is overall adorable! My partner said it was like playing a lullaby."
76561198030730832,Recommended,232790,11110897,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,tresseb1,"Its fun and very funny , a must have if you love to lol."
76561198046464038,Recommended,232790,11110951,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,NesGCubeFreak,Incredible game! Looking forward to the coming parts of the story. It's left me completely enthralled and excited!
76561198116334557,Recommended,232790,11111394,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,beamishbanderkat,"This is a delightful point and click adventure. A quick play through as of act one, but worthwhile. The main selling points are the art and the characters. Every scene and item is beautifully rendered so that exploring the two very different lands is a treat. There aren't too many head scratching puzzles, but the characters and humor keep it interesting. The two interwoven storylines are an interesting feature and I look forward to seeing how the plot is resolved in act two."
76561198071753185,Recommended,232790,10818096,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Hash Assassin,"It's fun, but I got through it pretty fast without cheats..."
,Recommended,232790,10819807,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Pizza Slut,Another great Double Fine adventure. Eagerly awiting act 2.
,Recommended,232790,10891997,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,npyskater,Such a great game!
76561198028095814,Recommended,232790,10893559,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Dusty Crippus,Likes: Elijah WoodDislike: Elijah Wood
76561198127534101,Recommended,232790,11026404,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,The Trustworthy Trash Can,"This game is not your average point-and-click game. It has an amazing storyline, not to mention plot twists! You must pick up this game!"
76561198062184367,Recommended,232790,11026920,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,PAL 85,"If it ain't Broke(n), don't fix it."
,Recommended,232790,11040186,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,grendelbiter,"It's a good game, I like the art style. In some places it looks pretty unpolished though (I'm looking at you, birdlady.) The puzzles are mostly pretty easy, except one which I had to look up. I feel it is too short for the price. Wait until it's under €10."
,Recommended,232790,10997735,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mack the Knife,"Holy crap this is one of the most beautiful games I've ever played. I mean....wow. Its not the most clever or challenging adventure game, but its artistic style and beauty more than make up for any minor flaws it may have. Its short, and its only Part 1 (of 2), but jump at the opportunity to play this game. I can't imagine anyone would have a bad experience here."
76561198024491707,Recommended,232790,10998014,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,amancha[KZ],"Definitely recommend the game. Fantastic visual style, good humor and overall writing. Oh, maaan, and thaaat ending. Can't wait to play Act 2. For anyone out there who is the long time adventure game fan, this one is, indeed, must buy for you."
,Recommended,232790,10998131,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Llante,"I did not really know what to think going into the game. What intrigued me is playing a game just like the good old days of Lucas Arts. The artwork looked great from the previews so I bought it on the steam sales and had a look.Oh my goodness fellow friends, this took me on a journey I was completely unprepared for, but I am so very glad it did! Both stories played so well, the puzzles whilst challenging, weren't too hard to figure out. The pace is slow, so you can take your time and really take in the whole story. I can not believe the level of detail, the voice acting, the artwork, the STORY!Please, do me a favor, buy this game... You will not regret it!"
,Recommended,232790,10998528,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,RagnaR,"Clocking at 4 hours this game's first half is magical and mesmerizing that it felt like playing your favourite Pixar Movie w/ gorgeous moving Concept Art aesthetics.The story is divided into two points of view and two worlds. One is set in a ridiculous magical land, while the other is set in a ridiculous super hi-tech spaceship. The beginning and ending was very clever both storywise and visual wise.Gameplay is your standard point and click game which I totally love. But, for people who grew up in the Walking Dead era of point and clicks might be disappointed because of the puzzle solving, but don't worry it isn't as hard as the old ones.Lastly, the music. I just...ughh...eargasm.OVERALL...BUY IT!"
,Recommended,232790,11000581,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,swalsch,"Broken Age is not that hard as a point and click adventure, but it features an art style and writing better than any adventure game I have ever played. I sincerely hope Act II is longer than Act I though.That brilliant cliffhanger...."
,Recommended,232790,10999150,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mighty Pea,"Beautiful graphics, fantastic voice-acting, but despite those I don't find myself looking forward to Episode 2. Clumsy puzzles, terribly blatant foreshadowing and main characters whose goals make them seem incredibly thick.I'm still recommending it if you can get on sale, because as a game artist I enjoyed seeing the craftsmanship in the art."
76561197993276756,Recommended,232790,11000709,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Dorfl,Splendid. Can't wait for act 2!
,Recommended,232790,11003025,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ryseria,r-right to the nostalgic feels...
,Recommended,232790,10962006,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sheilona,"Beautifully composed and intelligently written, Double Fine definitely lived up to my expectations with this game. The only downsides I could fine were that some of the puzzles were very easy to figure out, as a lot of the dialogue goes to explicitly write out the answers for you, when I feel that character dialogue should only nudge you in the direction of the answer so you can find it yourself. And of course that Act 2 isn't out yet, so now we have to deal with one doozy of a cliff hanger. But, click and point puzzle games are my jam, and this just fits that need perfectly!"
76561197995354004,Recommended,232790,10620868,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,an adorable puppy,Short game? Yes. Overpriced? Probably. But also beautiful to look at and well written. Worth it in my book.
76561198023818188,Recommended,232790,10810496,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,bomb emoji,"Hilarious and poignant in the wonderful style of Tim Schafer. Illustrated in a wonderfully quirky style, it's a must for anyone who's a big fan of his previous games, especially Grim Fandango. Story and character driven, the most action you'll get out of it is pointing and clicking - seeing as it is a point and click adventure game, but it keeps itself entertaining.I am a huge fan."
76561198058484433,Recommended,232790,10340304,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,NintenDylan,"In a modern era where Tell-Tale's fantastic games such as ""The Walking Dead"" and ""The Wolf Among Us"" are considered the norm for current adventure games, Broken Age is a nice reminder of some of the earliest and best in the genre. From the great mind of Tim Schafer comes two different characters that are both trying to change something about their life. With Vella, a young girl that lives in a small village focused on sweets who is to be sacrificed to a monster named Mog Chothra, she thinks it would be best to try and fight the monster so no more lives are taken by it, and Shay, a young boy who lives on a space ship with a computer that treats him like a baby, would like to do something dangerous for once instead of being treated like a child. While the game has yet to see part 2 released and is a little short because of that, it is still a very well done adventure game that has some puzzles that are easy to understand, as well as some of the best voice acting and writing in the genre, with voice actors such as Elijah Wood, Jack Black, Richard Horvitz, Hynden Walch, Wil Wheaton, and many others."
,Recommended,232790,10929733,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sup McNuggs,"This is a lot of fun. The most enjoyable point and click I've played since Machinarium. I love the two storylines, it's basically like having two separate adventure games."
,Recommended,232790,10930916,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Realfakegeekgrl,Really enjoyed playing it but feel like I'm stuck now waiting for Act 2.  What a cliff hanger!
76561198114431593,Recommended,232790,10931197,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,sammige90,cool point and click game.You play as two different charactors whos stopy is more interlinked then it first appears
76561198023964918,Recommended,232790,10932297,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rory the Racist Car,"2 connected stories but it has a twist ending, act 1/?"
,Recommended,232790,10932718,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DezTheManiac,"It's a Double Fine game, so what's not to love? Great soundtrack, great story, and good puzzles that actually make sense, which is always a bonus with point and click adventures.Only downside? Gotta wait for the next act!"
,Recommended,232790,12468037,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,ScubaStephens,"Tim Schaffer is one of my favorite people ever. I am a huge Psychonauts fan and have been ever since it first launched. Brutal Legend was another Schaffer game I quickly latched on to loving the story, characters and humour. Broken Age furthers this trendof excellence as it recalls the ""good times"" of point and click games that Schaffer used to make like he did with Monkey Island. Broken Age is an amazing story everyone should embark. The humour is on par to where I expected, the story is rich and ends in a cliff hanger that is cringeworthy. I look forward to throwing my money at my computer when Act II comes out early next year."
,Recommended,232790,10328245,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,ShaKeSPeaR,"A little easy, but very atmospheric and beautiful quest"
,Recommended,232790,10330199,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,PetraArkanian,"I think this is my favorite art in any game ever. It's fantastic. The game is awesome and intuitive, too. Why can't all games be made by Double Fine?"
,Recommended,232790,10320831,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Turing :D,"Double Fine Productions did a great job in bringing back the point and click adventure game genre and blew my mind with a spectacular adventure with beautiful art and storytelling. I can't wait for the next installment and I am surprised how well this game released my inner child. Thank you Broken Age for letting me return to the good old days of gaming with witty humor and interesting storytelling that doesn't rely on barren wastelands and war-torn countries with little kids screaming in the mic about who killed who. Indie Game are the future, its the heart that matters not the graphics. The game makes you ashamed to look at Call of Duty and FPS games as true art style or entertainment mediums, letting you explore yourself as the child inside intended. I am not ashamed to say that I laughed and teared up at times to this wonderful game, and anyone who has yet to play it simply must."
76561198112288397,Recommended,232790,10321131,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Miss Zombie Slayer,I love the art and the style of this game! The storyline was amazing! I cant wait for act II to come out
,Recommended,232790,10325796,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,CLF_ZimbatheLion,Excellent game. And the voice acting is superb. Especially by Masasa Moyo.
,Recommended,232790,10313241,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Dedenga,Really good game but where the ♥♥♥♥ is part 2?
76561198042602193,Recommended,232790,9767278,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,sebbie.stefanov,I love this game i want part 2 to come out soon.
,Recommended,232790,9717159,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,sandwiches time,"I love the hand drawn graphics, it gives the game a really cool feel to it. The ending is really interesting and the entire concept for the game is fun. Can't wait for act 2 to come out, the ending of act 1 really got me excited for it. Short amount of gameplay for the price, but still worth it. (Especially considering the release of act 2 will probably double the amount of gameplay for the cost)"
,Recommended,232790,8914298,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Pingu,"To put it plainly; Great art style, Amazing yet simple gameplay, Immersive music, and an ending that left me counting the days until Act 2 is realeased. A must own!"
,Recommended,232790,9922713,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,OCEAN MAN,"I thought point-and clicks were dead.  I was at first interested to find that Elijah Wood voiced Shay.  I purchased it and found a very deep, interesting story that can be found to entertain people of all ages.  I highly reccomend this game to anyone interested in a fun story with lots to offer."
76561197979517021,Recommended,232790,9945757,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,obidied,"Amazing, of course. Wish it were longer."
76561197983432962,Recommended,232790,9931653,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,papadj,"Great graphics and a fun game, but to short and the puzzles to easy."
,Recommended,232790,9933381,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,colourFil,"Point & Click GOLD!  Tim Schafer's still got it, that's for damn sure!  Great art style, interesting story, and GREAT puzzles.  None were so esoteric I needed help, but there were a few that'll really give your brain a workout.  Highly recommended by a P&C enthusiast."
,Recommended,232790,10916499,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Kisato,Excellent game! Can't wait for the next Act!
76561198071525780,Recommended,232790,10919492,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,joyofwar,"I think it's the only other title besides Hotline Miami I've finished in years and I've tried countless others. Wonderful piece of work, play it with your kids or SO."
76561198055834594,Recommended,232790,10907710,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Elleonor,You're missing out if you're not playing this
,Recommended,232790,10897080,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,XopherTAF,"As soon as I saw that Tim Schafer was involved with another Double Fine game creation, I had to pick it up.  I loved Psychonauts not just because of the great gameplay but for the humor and well developed and memorable characters.  Broken Age does not disappoint in either category.  I was not expecting a point and click adventure, but I was pleasantly surprised at how engrossed I became in the story and exploration during the gameplay.It's improtant to note that this is just act one in an ongoing story and will only take about 3 to 4 hours.  However, the story is satisfying and it completely went a different direction than I anticipated.  I was glad that the plot was not as predictable as the threads of the tale made me believe.Overall, this is wonderful short adventure and I look forward to continuing the story in act 2."
,Recommended,232790,10901863,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Bear,"Broken Age is almost a game about itself. An game existing both in the competitive past where PC adventure games roamed the earth in ravenous herds and in the present day where the game industry survives off of sure bets and safety at all costs. A game published not by a corporate investor but by the dollars of fans. Broken Age was the Kickstarter miracle tale that started it all and, in the end, it has been a fantastic game.While the story is only half told in it's current state Broken Age is everything an adventure game should be. It has top-notch voice acting, a brilliant story with excellent twists and turns, and an art style that will surprise you. Telling much more about the game would be doing it a disservice to new players. Just buy it, play it, love it, and then sit patiently while part two sits far off on the horizon..."
,Recommended,232790,11241086,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Geist,"I really thought that the feel of the game overall was amazing, never did it cease to stop amazing me at every turn in the game. The art style is simple enough to be played on low spec computers but still speaks to somebody through the look of the environment and the people in it. The soundtrack is a nice feather-feeling accompaniment to your journey that is always there but not too noticeable to tear you away from the game itself. The story itself is great and keeps you guessing what the right thing to do is depending on the situation your character goes through. The only downfall I found was some characters were lacking in development, they felt as if they were incomplete; which could change once the second act is released. I haven't played a Tim Schafer game since Grim Fandango and it was great to feel the wonderful worlds that his games put you through. I eagerly await the second act and more games from the Double Fine team. I would recommend this game to anybody who loves either indie games or point-and-click adventures."
,Recommended,232790,11225741,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,SiopaoGamer,"It's not an ""omg wow"" game, but I liked it. It's pretty easy to work through and it's kind of like a movie. It's a decent game and I liked it; I'm willing to try act 2 when that comes out."
76561198017711349,Recommended,232790,11231318,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Kirito,"It's an interesting game, few small jokes, the gameplay is addictive when i stopped i always wanted to go back to playing it.I definitely recommend this game."
76561197970912956,Recommended,232790,10548590,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Curaca,"It is short, but stunningly beautiful. It's not hard, but entertaining. I like it a lot, and there is so much love in the story, the visuals, the music, in everything. Playtime is about 3-4 hours, but these are great hours spent. Can't wait for the next episode.If you like adventure games, this is a clear buy."
,Recommended,232790,11012519,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Buttsmecks,"The game is pretty much a visual novel. There's very little to no gameplay making this barely a ""game"" at all. In the story you navigate as either Shay or Vella depending on the story you choose to start with. As these protagonists you must solve ""puzzles"" or dilemas you face with cunning and use of your environment.  Neither story is repetitive at all and each are unique so it's reccomended that you play both stories to get the full value of the game. The art style is relatively unique and playful, similar to if Tim Burton stopped using Grey and Black for every pallet. The jokes are relatively witty and sometimes quite hillarious but the story is by no means solely a comedy. I'm incredibly intrigued by where the story will go in Act II....Which as of this review I have no access to.9/10 (Really wish I knew the story wasn't going to just leave me hanging there ahead of time -_-')Got it for ~6$ got an awesome story just don't expect very difficult puzzles or any real ""game""play"
,Recommended,232790,11015556,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,undercat,"Oh wow. Double Fine actually managed to make a game that has so much wit and humour in it that it deserves a place alongside the stellar LucasArts adventures of old.I am too shocked, bewildered, excited and enamoured to nitpick, even though I probably could. Even if Act II flops, the game has already managed to tug at more heartstrings of mine than any other game I've played in a while."
76561198026574015,Recommended,232790,11055205,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Zoinks,Tim Schafer11/10
,Recommended,232790,11010823,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Pizza Dwight,"The absolute best part of Act 1 was the ""Aha!"" moment when everything comes together. Also all the others bits were good. Buy it!"
,Recommended,232790,11011120,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Jake,"Great Experience so far. I've completed Act 1 (which is all there is available at the moment) in less than 4 hours though, so it's not a long game, so far. That being said, what's there is good. Not super challenging, but definitely entertaining."
76561198081758937,Recommended,232790,10987265,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Ennykins,"Great story! The graphics are very smooth, and the voice acting is spot-on for the characters. Definitely had fun playing both stories."
,Recommended,232790,10988809,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mr. Bastard,"As of this review, only Act I is out.  But that Act I is. magic.  Classic Double-Fine and Tim Schafer - beautiful art, fun and clever dialogue, and gameplay that is challenging but not frustrating.  Sometimes it feels a little too easy, but that's a very small issue.  This game is amazing and you should get it at any price - it will be that little extra bit of sunshine in your otherwise dreary plodding march towards the grave."
76561198071606481,Recommended,232790,11093289,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,erik.m.kelly,"This is possibly one of the best games I've ever played. I wish I could unplaay it, just so I could relive the experience. Yes, it's a bit pricey. Just buy it."
76561197998133048,Recommended,232790,11813672,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,plasma991,"Awesome story. Awesome art. Awesome mind-blowing ending. ""Ending."" Can't wait for Act 2!!It really is too short, but it's only the first act. The puzzles aren't all that difficult or mind-bending, except for maybe one or two. And if you do get stuck somewhere, you can always switch to the other person and come back to the puzzle later.It feels like watching a movie, an interactive movie. Again, beautiful artwork and smooth flow of animation.One drawback though (or minor irk-sore) is there are a lot of loading transitions, but no loading screen - just a black screen. Would've been nice to have a picture or something to look at while waiting but oh well."
76561198068173577,Recommended,232790,8907439,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,=AJSA= megadrivesonic,What we have Here is  a Masterpeice that Is only going to get better with act 2. I garantee this will be looked back at as a masterpiece by gamers everywhere.
76561198180224522,Recommended,232790,16950732,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Derpy_Cactus,"I wish they would make a third sequel to this enchanting game... It's a game that makes you wonder, who's imagination was grand enough to make this dream a gamer's reality! It is marvelous chance to improve this game by making a third act."
,Not Recommended,232790,10925728,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TheSLAP,"EDITED: After Act II releaseORIGINAL REVIEW: An excellent point and click adventure with a wonderful art-style, fantastic voice acting, and an interesting and well-written story!  The game keeps you guessing as to how the stories of the two main characters are related and reveals it all in a satisfying ending.  Overall, well worth picking up at no more than $10 since Act I is only about 3 hours of gameplay.  Since the game is priced at $25 full retail I have to drop the rating by a star.  In my opinion 3 hours of gameplay is not worth $25.  However, if Act II or Act III are released for free or nearly free and have content as good as Act I, I'll be happy to raise the rating.EDIT: While the first Act, I gave 3/5 stars the 2nd act is so bad that I'm dropping the game over all to a ""Do not Recommend"". Lots of other reviewers complain about the lack of a story and poor exposition in Act II and while that is true; my biggest beef with Act II is the terrible puzzles. Without spoiling anything, there are seriously difficult and completely unintuitive puzzles introduced in Act II. You'll end up running around all the parts of the re-used levels scratching your head. I'm not proud to say that I had to look up several solutions online because the game failed to hint you in the right direction many, many times.  Due to Act I being 3/5 Stars and Act II being 1/5 stars, I'm giving the game an average of...2/5 Stars"
76561198009337522,Not Recommended,232790,18293140,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Delta,"While the art design is lovely sadly the game doesn't live up to expectations. The puzzles is about par for this sort of thing, generally not too obtuse but not that stimulating or interesting either. What really kills it for me though is the characters and story. The characters feel more like passive obstacles and dialogue dispensers rather than the kind of interesting people you met in the likes of Grim Fandango, with the result that the world and characters feel like they're just background for characters to wander through rather than particularly interesting in themselves.The second half is particularly disappointing, virtually all recycled environments and characters, with little significant character interacton and making nothing out of the potential and interesting plot threads set up in part one. Neither characters nor world are particularly engaging and the plot seems rather confused without a clear idea of what it's actually about.Ultimately for me personally it was a mediocre experience and I regret my time with it. Look at Grim Fandango or Full Throttle instead if you want a good story experience and a solid adventure game."
,Not Recommended,232790,11533734,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,"This was a charming game, but I don't trust double fine to deliver the second part so I can't recommend this.Update: Well they delivered the second part but it was♥♥♥♥♥♥so my thumbs down stands."
,Recommended,232790,9856043,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,(a)v@tar px,"Amazing game, great story and artwork. The game is a bit easy sometimes but the story makes up for it. If the game where too hard, the player could get annoyed and probably miss some of the story and then have problems understanding the storry later on. All in all it's a grat game and i can't wait for act 2."
76561198012238907,Recommended,232790,18257303,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,megagoat,I dont really like point and click type of games but this was fantastic!
76561198089979784,Recommended,232790,18281726,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,dog,I'm confused
,Not Recommended,232790,18282027,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Konan-Xero,"Absolutaly adored the first half, i dont like point and click adventures but this was awesome........but then act two just ruined it, the whole thing about having to use information from one character, that the second character couldnt possably know to solve said second characters problem really just irks me......YES IM IRKED."
,Recommended,232790,18283472,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Angelatic-Birdy,Its a beautiful game with a whacky story what isnt there to like?
76561197971396042,Recommended,232790,18283601,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,[atkOatbak],Classic DoubleFine! Totally makes up for the debacle that was Spacebase DF9. *Shudders*
76561198061859180,Recommended,232790,10964664,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,martinwork*******,Beautiful!
,Recommended,232790,10968603,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,tangkr,"Great story, characters and animation, but the puzzles seem too elementary and somewhat lacking in quantity. A lot more emphasis on story and has a more casual feel than past point and click games.Part 1 is also rather short, completed in 3 hours more or less."
76561198045139614,Recommended,232790,25582678,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,TsunamiHurricane,Im not very good at games like this but i do enjoy it. The story is great and very funny. The characters and voice acting is also great.
,Recommended,232790,25846341,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,annesays69,Great dialogue :D
,Recommended,232790,26019938,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,DedPetren,"I am not very fond of quests. Most of the time I find them not intuitive enough. This time I felt that too. Sometimes this game is not intuitive enough. But damn how cute it is. Visually pleasant (as always I wish they made a cartoon like this), very likeable story with several funny twists. Tim did it again. Nice characters, good visuals, funny dialogues, simple and charming."
,Recommended,232790,26014288,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,davidspackage,"Broken Age is a pretty classic style point and click adventure game, for lovers of this nearly exctinct genre. It is, however, also made by people with a great deal of experience in making such games. It's not annoyingly difficult, and even the few real challenging puzzles are not unfairly difficult. In the old games of this type, you'd end up frantically trying all your items on everything and exhausting everyone's dialogue; in Broken Age, you'll get the hints you need to piece together solutions by just going around talking to characters and showing them the handful of items you carry around. I found this made playing the game pretty smooth.Much like in Day of the Tentacle, you can switch between two characters in different locations, and the narrative flows together interestingly. The game has a gorgeous hand-painted cartoon style with beautiful, soaring music that feels like you're in a Miyazaki movie at times. The game's writing is great, funny and the voice acting is excellent. Really an all round classic. If I have to complain about anything, it's that I wanted the game to last longer, but that's because I wanted to spend more time with the world and its characters. I also had rather heavy load times inbetween every game screen that got on my nerves more the longer the game went on, but I'm still trying to figure out if that's a problem on my end or not.If you're looking for an classic gripping adventure game, Broken Age is it."
,Recommended,232790,26053217,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,ToadSnap,"7/10- will play again for achievments, whimsical art, unusual characters, good music.Great Part I, mediocre Part II. Good story, good art, okay gameplay. Somehow very memorable.I love the whimsicality of this game- the good art style is made great by the whimsical places and peoples it imagines.It's point & click, not my favorite, but it suits this game, where the storyline is completely predetermined. There are achievments for rare, unexpected moves- trying to apply a certain item to an unexpected object, aggravating a character so many times, etc. However, the gameplay was very unintuitive for me, and I shamefully went to walkthroughs for help, especially during the second half. Shame.Part I is entertaining- many fun/colorful scenes which are enjoyable to explore (to the very limited extend possible in this game), funny dialogue, and two parallel storylines- your mind struggles with how to piece them together. I became very very bored with Shay's storyline aboard the ship... traversing the same 5 hallways while trying to figure out how the developers want you to interact with the game is boring for me- but maybe I don't really understand games as well as most.The visuals become more boring in Part II (due to the more serious turns of events and darker themes), and the gameplay becomes even less intuitive than it was before, as the time reveals how complex the storyline really is.The voice acting is alright- some was fun, but many were surprisingly monotone, which i surprisingly didn't mind, since the events were so dramatic and outlandish that they needed a counterbalance. The soundtrack was pretty nice, but not ridiculously unforgettable.Overall, the storyline's very big moments were predictable, but the plot twists were unpredictable, and the interactions between characters and their little mini storylines were pretty unusual, which gave the game major points.Sorry for all the very weird sentences in this review- my grammar is broken today and I can't think straight."
,Recommended,232790,26092847,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Wayofftrail,"Overall a very good game, Great voice actors, the story line is also great and interesting, and the artwork is very unique. Very difficult at times but with some work can figure it out. Ending is a little lack luster but still overall a good game."
,Not Recommended,232790,25707671,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,[WS]-Sparkyhodgo,"Inexplicably bad. Starts off strong (strong female protagonist, unexpected monsters, whimsical world, fun voice acting with Jack Black) but somehow takes an immediate nose dive: solving unintuitive puzzles on a space ship, backtracking through a now-less-than whimsical world, and uncovering a sinister plot that makes no sense. Not just bad game design, but poor writing."
76561198169126263,Recommended,232790,27244478,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mikkaut8,It has been so long since I enjoyed a point and click game this much. Totally worth the price and every minute used in the game!
76561198041193549,Recommended,232790,27309401,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ldkick3,"Don't read any spoilers, just play it."
76561198095647282,Recommended,232790,27291006,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,legend mustard 101,"[/h1] HERES MY REVIEW FOR BROKEN AGE! [/h1]I found Broken age when randomly scrollign through the adventure game section of steam, and I LOVE it.The first thing I will say about this game is that it's not for everyone. It's only for those who are willing to face challenge to get good gameplay, and story.The puzzles are complicated, and often times can be slightly tedious, but even though that is true to me, Broken age is one of my favorite games of all time, and without a doubt deserved its nomination for a Steam Award.[/h1] Here's a brief overview of the story: [/h1]- Broken Age takes place in a kind of two story plot. Which (Through multiple fourth wall breaks, and complex puzzles) Meld together into one. The two main characters, Shay, Vella, and Spoon (Just kidding, spoon is a side character) appear in two different scenarios. Shay lives in the far future, on a starship that patrols the deep abyss of space, but frankly, is treated like a toddler. And Vella lives in a scenario of medieval/fantasy times.\, and is selected to be a sacrifice to the anchient beast known as Mog Chothra. (That is all for this brief overview, I don't wanna spoil stuff)[/h1] The Pros [/h1]- First of all, I don't think it's possible to go through this game without acknowleging how beautiful the visuals are. Everything is hand crafted, and I couldn't love it more.- The puzzles are complicated, which is a con to some, but in my opinion a pro.- The story is fun, and engaging. The fourth wall rbeaks jsut make it even better.- The game isn't afraid to have both funny, and dark moments. Which I absolutely love.- All the characters are cool, and fun. Even if at times they don't feel very... Real.[/h1] The cons [/h1]- Some of the more childish moments can be slightly annoying, and make the story less intense.- I found some parts of the story I would crash, but that ay jsut be my computer.[/h1] THE VERDICT [/h1]I absolutely love this game! If you're a lover of puzzle games I would say it is an absolute must play!But still, it does fall short for soem more casual players, or players who don't have much time.Overall, I would give Broken Age an 8.5/10, and I highly reccommend it."
,Recommended,232790,8902087,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,☆Mura☆,"Such an amazing story (for Act 1), love the art and voice acting. A fun game bit pricey but if you enjoy point and click puzzle games its well worth it."
76561198076573591,Recommended,232790,27175991,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,filledusud_06,"At first its Goofy and childlish, and you think you stepped in the wrong game. But as the story unfolds, you truly get hooked by its strange universe. The puzzles are well thought, not too obvious and not too hard. The graphics are amazing, so let yourself be drawn to this strange world"
76561198065156606,Recommended,232790,27388090,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,goggalore,Just a dang good game that really felt like an old school adventure game.
,Recommended,232790,27033054,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LarzieKay,"The stylsed graphics support the engaging story, creating the sense you are in a well imagined world.In some ways, this classic adventure game (fnd the X to use as a key to Y) is essentially a twist on a hidden object game.  The ability to swap between the two main characters to resolve the mystery also means you can do something else if you get stuck.  In some cases, you need to swap between them to get a clue to progress the story, and in others the clue is obvious when you come back to a particular scene or environment."
,Recommended,232790,25976774,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,juananto.hc,I want more of this!
,Recommended,232790,26714485,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Pegleg Pete,"I loved it. From start to finish. Most comments are on act 2 being bad, and yeah there are a few cheeky moments, but further than that, a lot of fun. I may be biased because I love double fine even though this is the first adventure point and click game I ever completed, but I would definately recommend this game with all my heart.Nice aesthetics and a story that you want to have explained and unravelled."
,Recommended,232790,26498489,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,felip_ars,"Good story, some puzzle are very challenging, and some part can be repetitive (lots of trial and errors).  But overall, it's a very fun game!"
76561197997471064,Recommended,232790,26548717,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,the_lyric_bass,"I've read lots of mixed / angsty stuff about this.  BUT it's lovely.  I would say the old Tim Schafer magic very much intact.  If you liked old style point and click, this is a good one with up to date production values and a really creative and interesting (if whimsical) story and world.  Removed from all the kickstarter and two-parting controversy, just a really good modern-trad point and click."
76561197994320200,Recommended,232790,26982907,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Buda,"Another classic game from Double Fine! With simple 'point-and-click' interface, humourous puzzles and a thought-provoking storyline Broken Age is a great adventure for the whole family. With an amazing cast of voice actors and great graphics this game will quickly be added to your classic game list that you'll return to again, year after year.Some of the puzzles can be tricky, but you can definately go through the game without an insane amount of frustration and/or hitting all the walk-throughs.Voice actors include: Elijah Wood, Jack Black, Wil Wheaton, Jennifer Hale, David Kaufman, Richard Steven Horvitz, Grey DeLisle and Hynden Walch."
,Recommended,232790,26482901,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,VestOfHolding,"An absolutely fantastic point-and-click adventure that features a famous lineup of voice actors and a well-written story, this game is definitely worth your money if you're a fan of the genre.  It stays simple, and avoids the common trap that point-and-clicks fall into of having the solutions to puzzles be really bizarre combinations of your inventory items that no sane person would've thought of.For the writing alone I would recommend this game, but everything else about it is brilliant too."
76561197972626159,Recommended,232790,27876147,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kowbasher,"Loved the story and the art. Some of the puzzles are a bit obtuse, but they set out to make an old school adventure game. I enjoyed my 12 hours with the game."
,Recommended,232790,28031802,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Jelly,"For a point-and-click game, Broken Age is beyond amazing.While playing Broken Age, you switch between two very reasonable characters, male and female, that question what they've been taught is right/wrong and true/false. You go back and forth, through easy and slightly difficult missions and puzzles that bring the stories of Vella and Shay alive.I would recommend this game for anyone and everyone.The art is cool and the twist made Broken Age one of my favourite games."
,Recommended,232790,30970963,Posted: 5 April,all,Blumaliscous,"Never finished it. I was really excited to play it and fell in love with the first half, but about halfway through the second half it just lost that charm. Not really sure how else to explain what happened. I've read many similar opinions, that the second part fell flat in comparison.I didn't particularly hate or dislike the second part, but you could say I got bored of it. It failed to hold my interest as the first part did. Keep in mind that I did play this as a whole, rather than a year or so apart. I might find time to complete it one day, but probably not in the near future.I recommend it nonetheless, especially if you can get it on sale. Partly because I don't trust my own opinion on this game, because puzzle/point-and-click adventures are not my usual cup of tea.Anywho... The visuals are all very fun, and do a swell job conveying the tone of the game. The real strength of the game though, at least in my own opinion, is the voice acting. It's really superb. I was very entertained by the dialogue, and the characters were all fun.Despite it's flaws, it was good. I do not regret any of my time spent with it."
76561198027225841,Recommended,232790,28016993,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,foxfire5210,"Man do I love this type of puzzle game! I really enjoyed Psychonauts and Stacking and this is along the same lines - great story telling, odd sense of humor (thank you Tim Schaeer), and unique art. I look forward to other puzzle type games from Double Fine!!"
76561198032791443,Recommended,232790,24394322,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,gamerturtle,"This point-and-click puzzle game is a strange little comedy/ coming of age story that warms the heart and get the laughs rolling. Definitely worth the buy, even at full price."
,Recommended,232790,25223250,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,xisiqomelir,"A very enjoyable point-n-click adventure in the vein of the Quest games or Monkey's Island. I definitely had my money's worth of fun with this title, but don't be worried about maybe needing a hint, some of the solutions are extremely unintuitive.The Voice Acting is also very well-done, and I thoroughly enjoyed the 2D artstyle."
,Recommended,232790,25217204,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Skel1,"Good point and click adventure. Fun graphics, interesting puzzles to solve, and a story line that feels very timey-wimey. Unfortunately I bought it before part 2 came out, and for whatever reason it didn't ""save"" so now I will never see part two because no way am I replaying the whole thing again. It's not THAT good. Doube Fine games are very ""hit or miss"". This one is somewhat of a hit."
76561198189271417,Recommended,232790,25207121,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,skittle__,"Great game! Huge fan of point-and-click games and this was a super solid one. The characters are awesome. Only a couple puzzles were hard, I mean like haaard. If you've ever played Monkey Island or the old King's Quest games the puzzle solving will be pretty straight forward. But it wasn't too easy either. Good balance. My only disappointment was that I wanted it to last longer, I got 12 hours of gameplay for a $25.00 game. Not awful, but a college student notices these things ^-^"
76561198066105112,Recommended,232790,25188867,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,redwndr,"Love this game! Excellent artwork, fantastic story, complex puzzels that make you think outside the box, and a few twists that are sure to keep you hooked."
76561198000649933,Recommended,232790,25104316,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,rcafaro,"Great game. Fun, not too easy, not too hard. Great LucasArts feel with awesome graphics and music.Does seem a little childish and silly at the very beginning - don't fool yourself. This game is far smarter and funnier than it seems in the first 5 min. GREATLY RECOMMEND."
,Recommended,232790,25139737,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Isa,"I loved everything about this game. Art, music, characters, puzzles, it's all great."
76561198216201512,Recommended,232790,25165130,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,KlAndyCandy,"If you're looking for a fun and beautiful point-and-click game that has a lot of heart and serves challenges that really make you think, I highly recommend Broken Age! It's such a fun experience, and I found myself easily wrapped up in the characters and the story. Amazing visuals, voicework, and all in all a game that I personally find has a lot of replayablility! I give it a 10/10!!I'd also like to add that if you plan on buying the game, I highly recommend buying the soundtrack along with it. It's so gorgeous, and I've found it not only soothing but really inspiring while I'm trying to get stuff done!"
76561197986845314,Recommended,232790,25140966,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,FishPond007,I spent a really good time playing this game.
,Recommended,232790,24802841,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Adriwisler,"The first Act is wonderful, has amazing gameplay, characters, flow, & puzzles. Act 2 has all the syle but the puzzles become way frustrating rather than fun, the story gets odd and muddled, and just sort of makes the first half of the game seem okay.Memorable, and recommended, but get ready to use a walkthrough on certain spots, Act 2 does not show hints or focus on clues to solving half of them, it feels rushed with bad design, but the heart of the game is enough to make me reccomend it.Voice acting is amazing too!"
76561198217647932,Recommended,232790,24836753,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,schv09,"I bought this game because I like the art and had heard some good comments but I didn't know much about it actually. I didn't have many expectations besides it being visually enjoyable. To my surprise I liked this game a lot! I love adventure games and stories and found this story to be very interesting from the beginning on. The voice acting was great! It really gave more depth to the story, IMO. The writing and some situations presented were actually funny, which I liked, and the game still managed to keep a balance between serious and funny. I enjoyed the art and colors very much! The music was also nice. Puzzles were mostly entertaining, there is only one part in which I had to go read online because I was too frustrated. But the game was mostly enjoyable, nonfrustrating, entertaining, and intriguing. Great game! It was a great dventure! Definitely exceeded my expectations. Would absolutely recommend it to any adventure seeker who's into stories and thinking.SPOILERS AHEAD:...Now being more specific, I really liked the story being about two different people and happening at the same time. To actually play both stories at the same time was something refreshing. I really liked to be able to switch when I got stuck. I liked to be able to play two very different characters who at the same time were living a similar frustrating situation. I loved how both stories started to relate to one another as the game developed and how one thing done in one was of help in the other one. Although I would have liked for the dialogs to integrate to the story the fact that what Vella does helps Shay and viceversa and not it just happening like magically. When it happens without it being it integrated to the story, it kind of cuts the flow of everything and makes you feel again like a simple external player and not as the character in the story. But overall, I really liked the dynamic of the relationship between the two stories.I also liked the twists of things being different from what you think. But I think that the game should dedicate more time and depth to explaining the whole deal with de Dandelion mission and why things happened like they did, since it was a bit vague at times. This leads me to talk about the ending. I found it very abrupt. It's not exactly clear to me what happens with the Loruna people nor why you had to melt the ships. Some more story was needed towards the secod part of the game when you are really waiting to get a deeper understading of the characters and events.Now about the puzzles, the robot wiring doesn't have enough clues to figure it out in a challenging yet attainable way. I got impatient and had to go look online and that ruins the puzzle experience. Also the part where you convince Hope that you are Shay was hard since there weren't enough hints and I had to go look for info again. Same problem as before. Bringing the hexigal to open the door for the central control room sounds like a very fun idea but it got hindered by there not being a clear logic of how things needed to be done for her to move. It was mostly trial and error. The other puzzles were fun and very original and creative.Another thing I disliked is how slow charachters walk. You have to walk a lot in the game and it's annoying to walk so slow. There should be some button to make it quicker of you want to.This is just a personal issue. I would have liked the game better if it wasn't ""point and click"". I would have loved to be able to walk around normally and just approach stuff and hit a button to interact with them.On the whole I really liked this game! It felt different, creative, intriguing and engaging and also looked beautiful and different! I would give it like an 8.5 out of 10. The idea of making the documentary was alos great! I've watching it and have found it very interesting. I didn't know the adventure genre was kind of problematic with publishers. It's a shame since it's my favorite genre. I hope more game studios start bringing it back like Double Fine did! Thanks for a great game!"
,Recommended,232790,24927995,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Dirty Pervy Weeb,"Meh.Pros-- Looks great- Plays well- Fantastic voice acting and dialogue- Interesting environments- Good lengthCons-Ultimately kind of dry in terms of story, second act was especially weak-Puzzles are sometimes confusing, needed to look up a guideWouldn't recommend at 25$, bought at 6 bucks."
76561198263256091,Recommended,232790,24882049,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Clickster,"Just played Broken Age for the second time. My first run through of Act 2 was so challenging in spots that I had to force myself to finish the game. Then I uninstalled it for months and moved on.The second run through was much more enjoyable. Granted, this was mostly because I vaguely remembered a lot of the crazy ""video game logic"" that went into solving the puzzles (even after months of ignoring this game in my Library), but not getting so frustrated allowed me to enjoy Act 2 for what it is.Yes, Act 1 is still better because it introduces you to this amazing world and most of the characters. However, Act 2 isn't as bad once you're not driving yourself crazy trying to guess all of the actions and timing that go into certain puzzles. You can just sit back and enjoy the progression of the story, which makes the eventual ending seem much less abrupt.That being said, I still needed a guide to figure out the timing of the Plague Dam events. If I ever play Broken Age again, I'm sure I'll need a guide then too."
,Not Recommended,232790,11459468,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Bricks,♥♥♥♥ING BEST GAME ON STEAM. Recomend it to anybody over 13 by far the most mind boggleing game in my opinion.[EDIT]Act 2 is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I feel like they took my money turned it all into quarters and beaten me over the head with it.
,Recommended,232790,10227764,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,[ER] Blade,Best adventure... EVER!!!
,Recommended,232790,20068168,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Enraged Australian,"I was intrigued at first when I saw this games on the market, But i believe buying it was a great choice. I'm not into point and click games and this caught my eye. The story was great till the end, the puzzles started off easy and got increasingly difficult (I must say i spent ages near the end just working with wires) but...I kept trying because i wanted more. Now I know i'm not the best at reviews (or playing games for that matter) but i would give thes a 9/10, just because i saw a few bugs here and there."
76561198047492053,Recommended,232790,22108143,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,MRLia,A bit short but fun to play
76561198278214305,Recommended,232790,22116846,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,jonthemaster,this is funny. and good. and has a good arstyle. and is good. and i mensioned (opps) that already.
76561197977898927,Recommended,232790,22129764,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Wildcat,I do like the first part a lot.The second part is good as well but the puzzles are too difficult in my opinion: all the cables thing is a mess.
76561198027081017,Recommended,232790,22187685,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,JaredTS486,"Super unique artwork, love the soundtrack. Really enjoyed the conversations and the voice acting is top notch. Puzzles range from simple to: three hours later WHAT THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO DO? Cheated a few times on the internet just to progress. Very relaxed game play, wish this was on my tablet. Similar to Machinarium."
,Recommended,232790,15658671,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Dickasaurus Rex,"Fun, but difficult to progress at times."
,Recommended,232790,30734460,Posted: 25 March,all,yianaga,Amazing game! The plot is very engaging with smart puzzles. The interchage between two worlds/characters makes things even more exciting. The graphics and animations are very artistic and beautiful.
,Recommended,232790,22195748,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ki mi chi,"Great puzzles and interesteing concept to play as two very different characters with opposing points of view. Who has the whole truth and who is doing the right thing? Ending was okayish,very children book type of ending, but it adds to the charm of the game.Liked the characters and challenges. Also grat feature to allow some cutscenes to be skippable."
76561198084376472,Recommended,232790,25298253,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Cryptic Psycho,"Mixed feelings... I love Lucasarts games and adventure games like this. I really liked act 1 and was excited for act 2. Overall I did enjoy it, in my OPINION i didn't care for the way it ended."
,Recommended,232790,25288320,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,sian.byrne.fisher,"This game is amazing, the animation is beautiful and the game a great story to go with it. This is most definitely one of the best games I have ever bought and I would recommend this game to anyone and everyone."
76561198125050781,Recommended,232790,25294552,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Nuance90,"One of the best games i have ever owned. Been playing this game ever since it came out. I must have replayed it about 3 times by now, and honeslty it never gets old. Highly recommend this game for all you point-and-click lovers out there."
,Recommended,232790,20146449,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,sLEFGE Main,so cool
,Recommended,232790,20154837,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Nokcturna,"For those who love point and click games, I recommend it. I loved the story and the puzzles are nice, though Act 2 has some puzzles that are be a bit confusing and illogical. You feel like there's a lot of unexplored potential. Still, it's worth playing in my opinion. 7/10"
,Recommended,232790,19837386,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,I2ain,The game has a lot of heart in it and is a great modern take on the adventure genre.
76561198207521659,Recommended,232790,19889996,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,EenSchildpad,"If you are good at solving puzzles and like them, this is a great game for you. Otherwise, leave it be. I'm not good at puzzles and couldn't finish the game without using guides. First part of the game is good and interesting story-wise, the last part not so much. Voice acting is great in this game and the animation, to me, looks like a cute combination of cartoon and clay."
,Not Recommended,232790,19888896,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Devious Toast,"I really want to recommend this game.  I really, really do.  The game was released as 2 separate parts.  Part 1 was outstanding.  I loved part 1 and was looking forward to seeing part 2 for months.  When part 2 was released, it was so incredibly lacking that it scuttles the entire game.  I'm sad and disappointed at how part 2 turned out."
,Recommended,232790,10258284,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Hot Iron My Testicles Smooth,"This game is really really really really good. It's not super long but I think it's totally worth what you pay for it. The voice acting is great, the music is great, the dialogue is great, the overall gameplay is above great! Give it a try and I promise you won't regret it :)"
76561198031383772,Not Recommended,232790,8907548,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Revanaught,"So far the game is absolutely amazing.  The voice acting is supurb, the writing is fantastic.  It is a fantastic game with many humerous and tense parts.  I'm really excited for Part 2.EDIT:  Unfortunately Part 2 has come out and I can no longer say I recommend the game."
,Recommended,232790,20868131,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Bob,This starts as an excellent casual point and click adventure; two great stories in fantastic worlds full of charming likeable characters and fun puzzles. The art work and design are brilliant and the voice acting is top notch. One particular thing of note was that many point and click games just have a general response when you try the wrong action but this is full of witty responses to incorrect actions.In the first half of the game it drops occasional hints about how the two stories are connected some of which are red herrings so it is pleasing when the two stories collide to reveal what is going on. Unfortunately after that the second half goes a bit down hill. It is almost like the developers decided the first half was too much fun and they needed to make the puzzles more difficult and annoying; if you are planning to complete the second half I hope you like memorising wiring diagrams. After the first half where the puzzles for each story are unconnected the second half introduces puzzles which can only be solved with information from the other story but doesn't give any explanation of how the characters could possibly know this information which just kills any sense of immersion in the game.Had this game been brought to satisfactory conclusion at the end of the first half it would have been a fantastic game but having been dragged out across the second half it is still good but leaves me of the feeling that it could have been so much better.
76561198084119229,Recommended,232790,21116319,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,darian.jean,I loved this game!The first part was easier than the second but overall it was really good and I was happy with it.
,Recommended,232790,21117038,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,ebaynetflix,"Game certainly takes a notable dip in quality after the first 3/4ths of the game and the final scene is all together unsatisfying, but I still really enjoyed my time with Broken Age. The puzzles and split narrative work really well for the vast majority of the title and the world itself is really well put together."
76561197989659594,Recommended,232790,20795896,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,NoChillAllShill,"Not quite as funny as Monkey Island series, but still good."
76561198053998647,Recommended,232790,20765809,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,zinokay,"Broken Age is a fenomenal point and click adventure game.It's story is compelling, funny and interesting and the characters certainly don't lack these traits either.The world looks great and all animations are well done. They're expressive, fun and their dialogue never bores you.Another great thing is that almost all possible scenarios have been thought out.Basically whatever you do, there is probably some piece of new voice acted dialogue that goes along with it, which makes exploring and trying different things in the world a lot more rewarding.All in all this is a game you really shouldn't miss out on."
76561198065053807,Recommended,232790,10038850,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Kaiser Kiwi,Its an amazing point and click game that provides a story with interesting gameplay overall i would give it a 8.7
76561198064642511,Not Recommended,232790,8920518,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,LuchaBocs,"Wow, I never smiled this much while playing a game. Great game can't wait for act 2update... Did not play or download Broken Age act 2... should have been released as one full gamel"
76561197980156403,Recommended,232790,20969518,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Csta,"I really like Double Fine Productions. They generally produce fun, creative games. This game is yet another example. Some people were upset when act 2 for this game came out because they felt it didn't live up to the expectations act 1 brought to the table. Personally, I think it follows through nicely. I would agree that act 1 is a little better, but act 2 is still the same game with all the same flavor. I did however find myself peeking at a walkthrough more frequently in act 2, though, I'll admit that. Overall, an enjoyable game with likeable characters. 7.5/10"
76561197961982359,Recommended,232790,20437473,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Cuztom,"Nice Art-Style and charming story, i really like it. Feel like an old time Classic Point-And-Click Adventure!"
76561198041742089,Recommended,232790,20692303,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Ultronquake,"What a very beautiful game, not only in it's lovingly crafted visuals but in the story.  Memorable characters, hillarious diolouge and an interesting tandem plot allthrought.  Deffenitly worth the time to play to the end."
76561198034257811,Recommended,232790,20735214,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Prestitre,"Well made and paced point and click adventure with intresting world, great characters and good story.I hope that Double Fine will make a sequal based on this world because the game's world demands it.And a minor spoiler this game has the bestcutleryin all of gaming ever."
,Recommended,232790,20957981,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,BearJaws,"I LOVED this game! I played it in my free time, the puzzles were challenging enough to enjoy myself and not get frustrated and the art, which is something I look for in a game, was spectacular. Overall, very charming and enjoyable."
76561198116387199,Recommended,232790,22201708,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,The Ancient Cultist,This game is very deep in story. It is awesome. Good job creators.11/10
76561198077529499,Recommended,232790,22248234,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Mahoganywitch,"I just beat this game tonight, so I feel like this review will be looking on it with the freshest eyes possible.It's strange to me how torn the comments are from: ""This is the best thing ever"" to: ""This game is the worst point and click adventure game I've ever played.""I found myself somewhere in between, and I did like it and would recommend it to people who like point and click adventure games, I got it on sale, but, I don't know for sure if I could say I would pay full price for this. So the story focuses on two characters who's seemingly very different lives are about to sort of, collide? *wink wink*I liked the art style a lot, and thought it had really nice visuals, and I really appreciate the voice work, it's really nice, the story as it begins is very easy to quickly get sucked into, as you learn more about each characters life, it leaves you wanting to know more about where you will be going next. As for the story, I  didn't find it that predictable and bad, I wasn't expecting the twist I'll admit, and while the ending could have a little more too it, I think the overall story wrapped itself up and tied together well.I feel like another thing the game isn't getting credit for is it's sense of humor, I kind of am a sucker for sillyness and funny bits in my adventure games, and I thought the whole thing was really well written too.The puzzles:In my book, an adventure game needs to be able to help the player along, and the story should be told in a way so that the player can figure out what to do and where to go, using a little bit of imagination. There is a fine line between, working to figure it out, and REALLY stretching your imagination, then reaching into desperation to figure it out.The first half, I think successfully does that, it has pretty fair puzzles and guides you along without making it a piece of cake (hah, because vella likes to bake? get it?.. sorry :/)I'm gonna have to agree with everyone else, that the second half of the game is chocked full of really mundane, frustrating puzzles that will leave you not only asking yourself ""what do i do"" but screaming in frustration ""HOW WAS I SUPPOSED TO KNOW THAT"" when you give up and read the walkthrough. I swear I have as many notes on this game then I do on my college history class..I'm not actually very good at these types of games to be fair, but there are certain puzzles.. *cough* robots... that left me really irritated to the point of having to take a break from the game. The puzzles aren't just hard if they don't tell the player what to do or how to figure them out, they are downright unfair.So unless you are a psychic, or the game developer, (or maybe just, the king of point and click adventure games) get your walkthrough out and ready.One more thing I should mention, is this game didn't quite leave me with the satisfaction of world exploration that most adventure games usually do, I know the game is linear and moving in one direction, but in a sense, it almost made me feel unsatisfied, like I wanted to know more about the world around Vella and Shay before the game ended. That's not to say that what you do see isn't interesting though.Not my favorite point and click, but it has great artistic flair, writing and voicework. I'd say check it out if you can."
,Recommended,232790,22278628,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Third Planet,The heptipal puzzles can go to hell but the rest of the game was cool.
,Recommended,232790,30737011,Posted: 25 March,all,Xystem4,"Ignore my 0 play time, I finished the whole game on ps4 (got it free there, after I bought it on here).Really great game, definitely a gem in the point-and-click genre, that deserves the money. The only lacking aspect was the ending, which rather than satisfy the player (or leave the wondering) it just sort of, ended. But the story was still really great, with plenty of twists and turns that I hadn't expected at all. I totally reccomend this game."
,Recommended,232790,21990866,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Invadersim,Broken Age is a beautiful game that focuses mostly on story. It's almost like an interactive storybook. The plot is interesting and the visuals are amazing. The game also juggles between two different plots and dows so very well.7.5/10
76561198083574342,Recommended,232790,22511051,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Drawciawitch,"If you're looking for a good story-driven point-and-click adventure with some tough puzzles and humorous characters, Broken Age is definitely for you! The work of Double Fine is very evident in the game, although when compared to Psychonauts it probably seems a lot different. Broken Age is definitely more calm, while Psychonauts is more exciting. A calm game was exactly what I needed. I've been playing it this past week as a way to stay sane during my finals. If you're anything like me, and you like games that will alleviate some of the stress of work, Broken Age is great. However, I can see why many people would be disappointed that the game isn't more like Psychonauts, or even Day of the Tentacle.tl;dr Buy this game if you like chill adventure games with a good plot."
76561198041399191,Not Recommended,232790,22414560,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,I Kinda Fail,"First off, I like this game.I fell in love with the First Act. I waited so much for Act Two. I recommended the game to my friends, I watched people play the game on Youtube to how they react to certain parts of the story, I constantly checked for updates. When Act Two came, I was ecstatic.Then I played it. I started with my favorite character, and instantly met another favorite character. I realized, cool, this character is going to be like my Navi, giving me advice. Then I got to the first puzzle. And it was literally mixing and matching random stuff to see what worked.Later, you got even more puzzles that had that ""What do I do? What effect did this action have on ANYTHING?"" feel. Some puzzles flat-out made no sense. Shay had to rewire a robot using a clue you found on Vella's side of the story. Literally how would Shay know what diagram Vella is seeing? And vice versa? Furthermore, you pretty much need pen and paper for the later puzzles, which is rarely good for a videogame.The story felt like it had no real conclusion. It gave no real feelings about the antagonist(s), because they were hardly there. The entire antagonist part of the story felt like it was rushed to give more time to making impossible puzzles. There wasn't even really an end to the game, but rather, the ""ending"" was told through pictures in the credits with no words. A draw your own conclusion thing, I guess?Pros:- Love the artwork- Love the voice-acting- Loved the entirety of Act OneCons:- Act Two- Puzzles that are literally impossible canonically- Backtracking- No real resolution/conclusionTL;DR- Act One good- Act Two badMight be worth it if you use a guide for the puzzles for Act Two, but I don't care enough to replay and find out."
76561198110487785,Recommended,232790,22544256,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,princessofagape,"The story was really fun to follow. Super easy game, but honestly, so worth it."
,Not Recommended,232790,22600080,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,kida.luna,"Act 1 very good, interesting story, great cliffhanger ending leaves you wanting more, Then Act 2 is boring and frustrating, the plot is never fleshed out further and then the game just abruptly ends with no real explanation. I was so sure there was an act 3 but apparently not. So many unanswered questions. Had potential but would not recommend,"
,Recommended,232790,23042887,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Unterseedampfer,"I played this with my daughter, and we had a lot of fun with it. The last puzzle was tedious though, forcing you to go through a very lengthy sequence several times just so you can do everything in the right order, even though you already found the solutions for all the steps. I can only recommend to get a walkthrough for that last puzzle, and follow it step by step. It's a pity, because it leaves you frustrated despited having had such a great time until that point, and you'd really like to say good bye to the characters in a better mood.This could have been a great game, but the ending puts it in the merely ""pretty good"" category."
76561197992781457,Recommended,232790,24275017,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Spadgirl,"visually beautiful, interesting story and puzzles and ELIJAH FRIGGEN WOOD"
,Recommended,232790,25250721,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,hank_hill,"Beautiful animation. Felt like a child reading a picture book. Dimensional characters. Twists and turns. Unexpected humor. Most phenomenal point-and-click I've ever played. Also, Elijah Wood."
76561197980429671,Not Recommended,232790,20666668,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Bubba Jones,"A charming graphical adventure in an imaginative world held back by atrocious puzzle design in the later game.  There's enough here to keep you interested for one playthrough but nothing will make you want to come back.The game starts off interestingly enough with two characters in apparently two different settings with their own trials and problems.  You discover what links them together and the larger conflict they both face.  The world design evokes imagination, the voice acting is well done, and the characters and backgrounds are well animated and well designed.  I'd even go so far as to say the storyline is original and interesting enough for an adventure game fan to be invested enough to finish it.Beyond this, I see problems.  The market for adventure games is saturated by indie projects, studios working to modernize the genre, and a massive backlog of old games.  In order to gain notoriety, something has to stand out.  Nothing in this game really stands out and makes me remember or want to go back and replay this game.  The story was interesting and enjoyable but it blurs with the many other Lucasarts games I've already played with no stand out moments.  This game makes a near exact copy of the inventory and UI system from earlier adventure games.  Other developers, like Daedalic, modernize and make it much easier to use and less intrusive on the game.Then, there's the puzzle design in the second half of the game.  You have the knot puzzle, the robot wiring puzzles, and the character swapping puzzles.  The game does very little to lead you to the solutions for each of these problems.  It's obvious this part was rushed past testing and out since it stands on its writing and world design alone.  The puzzles for this part do little to put you in a mindset immersing you in the game and more to annoy you and make you want to do something else with your time."
76561198060767070,Recommended,232790,20619078,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Brittany Francis,"Super easy, but gorgeous point and click. I highly recommend it now that the whole game is out. The voice acting's good, the story keeps you on edge until the end and has you trying to piece together what's happening by taking in 2 completely different people's point of views that will eventually come together. The ending's ambiguous so you can think whatever you want- could be about love, or friendship, or family. The game was really fun, had a few tricky puzzles, but wasn't too difficult, and was really pretty. I hope you enjoy the game, have fun!"
76561198211443484,Recommended,232790,20656840,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,scottdharris85,"A charming point and click adventure with memorable characters facing overwhelming odds. You will be drawn in by the mystery surrounding the protagonists. The puzzles are straightforward and ultimately unrewarding. You may find yourself impatiently trying to get through the games puzzles to hurry back to the narrative of the game which is far more interesting.*Note that this is only the first episode, as I have yet to see the other episodes released."
76561198154212871,Recommended,232790,20696771,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,dominiquesian,Really fun puzzle type adventure game. It was really fun trying to get all of the achievments. Highly recommend the game.
76561198031133234,Recommended,232790,19996910,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,heavyduty,"It's okay, not the best point and click I've played, but decent enough to recommend"
76561197987869283,Recommended,232790,19943250,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,silverlore,fun game with a nice story.Det puzzle are semi hard and very injoyable
,Recommended,232790,19993323,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Reblee,"If you like classic adventure games this game is for you.(be wary this game has some tough puzzles that may require a bit of note taking, much like some of the classics)"
76561198007359627,Recommended,232790,19987821,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Tyson,"Beautiful game, harking back to the days of great point-and-click adventure games."
,Not Recommended,232790,20119310,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Edenseiz,"Act 1 is actually brilliant and well developed, I was totally emerged in the world and the two protagonists. That did make me quite anticipated playing Act 2. However, the puzzle in the late game actually force the player out of the characters and    the world. But the worst thing is about the ENDING!! That is actually one of the most frustrating moment for me in gaming. (If not the most!) It ended so awkwardly that you might shout: What the heck just happened!? (If not worst...)Pros: Awesome Arts, Characters, Conversation and Story (especially in ACT 1 , and these are mostly the things you want in a point and click adventure game in my opinion.)Cons: Lazy implemented puzzle in late game AND Extremely Bad Ending(which is the most important thing in this genre in my opinion)If you can make up a good ending for youself and ignore what the game showed to you, go ahead and play it. Otherwise, prepare for the worst when you play it."
76561198235874264,Recommended,232790,20048343,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,nicharesuk,"This was my first point and click adventure game so this review is coming from fresh eyes for these things.I very much enjoyed the game. So much so I binged it in 11 hours because I wanted to know more about the story, world, characters and the puzzles. I particularly wanted to play this game due to the Double Fine Adventure documentary posted on Youtube. Watching parts of that and then getting to play the game really made me feel more connected with the people who made this game and all the work they put into it.The Story and Dialogue is what sets this game apart. It's infinitely witty, humourous and charming. I found myself smiling, lauging and gasping at surprising moments. The creativity in this game oozes out of your screen and makes you want to keep going just a little bit longer. I have not played a game in a while that got me so invested in the story and characters that I couldn't sleep.The two 'acts' show a definite shift in difficulty in terms of puzzles and I found mself having to consult a walkthrough on the second act. However difficult it was to me, that did not ditract from me enjoying the game as I was more invested with the story than the puzzles and gameplay.I have only two criticisms. Often times the art style made it difficult to tell what was a clickable object and what was part of the scenery. I guess it's an adventure trope to have to go clicking around the screen but to me that's not enjoyable. The art is gorgeous and I wouldn't want it to be done in any other way, it just overall made it harder to tell what I should be doing in a certain area.The second criticism was in the second act you have to switch back and forth between the two characters not having done this at all in the earlier part of the game. One of the characters hints in a dialouge that you should do that, but the other did not when I needed it because I didn't expect that to happen as it hadn't happened at all in the earlier part of the game. Gameplay wise I really like the idea, story wise it doesn't make any sense and I would have preffered a more clear connection to when characters should and should not know something the other knows.Other than these very minor issues I really enjoyed this game and highly recommend it for anyone interested in getting into the adventure game genre. I really wanted to support Double Fine in this (even though it's been a while since release) because as a game company they put their heart and soul into every game they make and I want to see them make more. I'm definitely going to play Grim Fandago remastered because of this game and I think you should all check it out! (Broken Age that is)"
,Not Recommended,232790,20103737,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,evilmonkeyspirit,"The game is cute, but after awhile it's so boring. I can't bring myself to finishing it."
76561198086794670,Recommended,232790,23852773,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Gilclem,"It seemed kind of unfinished, the first half was more interesting than the second. I still liked it but I'd only recommend it if it's on sale. Some of the later puzzles are just annoying and there's one you can't even look up because it's different every time. But, the voice acting is very good, the characters are interesting and the art is very pretty."
76561198056664105,Recommended,232790,23846496,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Soup,"its gud, buy it I guess"
,Recommended,232790,23837522,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Otaco 77%,"This game is amazing becuase there's full of adventure awaits for you, going to different place and full of puzzles too.And the art of this game is so beautiful, it also have action too and full of tension and also like how the two characters have a amazing story about their life. And this is just an amazing game."
,Recommended,232790,24242838,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Punkfarter,Another fun and imaginitive story from Double Fine. For a point-n-click story adventureI give it a B+. I had to look up 3 or 4 puzzle solutions on the net because I'm too stupidto figure them out.
,Not Recommended,232790,23178020,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,rpattun,"Don't buy this unless you enjoy incomplete stories and cheap puzzlesTo be fair - I enjoyed the first Act a lot. It's a beautiful unique looking game, with classic point-and-click puzzle solving. It's one of the few games where I don't hate the voice acting (it's really good actually). I enjoy these kinds of games! The story is meh (sometimes), but it ends with a good enough twist to get you looking forward to the conclusion in Act 2Unfortunately, Act 2 drops the ball. It's bad enough that I can't recommend it. If you do buy the game, just stop at Act 1Act 2 stlll looks great, but plot wise it's a bit of a mess. Characters and motivations change in ways that are confusing at best and nonsensical at worst. If Act 2 was just Act 1 with a slightly worse plot I'd still recommend itBut the puzzles. The real failure in Act 2 is the puzzles. Act 1 had some hard puzzles, but for the most part you could figure them out. There were, you know, hints on how to solve them. When Double Fine made Act 2 they apparently forgot that good puzzles still have cluesI could handle the bad clue-less puzzles and the irritating 'do it again from scratch if you make a mistake' puzzles, but there's a puzzle near the end (the wiring puzzle) that is so infuriatingly bad I quit the game. Impossible, logic-less puzzles are something from the 90s that I don't missDouble Fine has my money already. Don't give them yours"
76561198275670662,Recommended,232790,23299339,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,sahra_ago,"Very sweet art and graphics. Fell in love with them right away.First half of the game is easy and suitable for beginners,however second part is extremly difficult.If that doesn´t worry you, it is a great game to try out.All Characters are very unique and each has their own charm.Music is nice and not annoying."
76561198147544996,Recommended,232790,23326717,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Grimmy,"This is a beautiful game. The art style is fantastic; very unique and refreshing. The music is very well done and the voice acting is superb (it\'s probably the best voice acting I\'ve ever come across).A few of the puzzles were extremely difficult towards the end of the game though. They required you to remember very small details (that weren\'t pointed out as something you might need to remember) and retracing your steps in case you didn\'t pick up on it the first time is made very difficult.All in all though, despite the immersion being a little broken due to the difficult puzzles, the game is really enjoyable! With a lot of games in my steam library it\'s hard to find a game made with love that I haven\'t already played. I\'m really glad I found this."
76561198019193223,Recommended,232790,23284571,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Galadhatan,"A great little game, it took me 9 hours to complete. Enjoyed the story immensely. The puzzles become difficult and tedious once they introduce the wiring puzzles. Voice acting was great, enjoyed the art style, enjoyed the interwoven double narrative. 8.5/10."
,Recommended,232790,23285410,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Bob,"I really enjoyed this game.  The characters and writing, the acting (Wil Wheaton made my day), story, audio, art, puzzles, all of it.  It really was done well."
,Recommended,232790,12304864,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,[CGC] |CG| VLMBcn,"Broken Age is an old school graphic adventure with great graphic design.The story is interesting and the characters are well defined with a brilliant performance by the actors who put their voice.The game seems to be too easy initially, a common thing in today's adventures, although in the second part the developers increase the difficulty of the puzzles, not as much as I read in the forums, although one or two are a little bit challenging.All of them are logical and I appreciatte that there is not a button of clues in the game, although the characters give some clues in the dialogues.I hoped that Tim would recover the interaction of the Day of the Tentacle taking advantage of the duality of characters, but finally there are only a couple of puzzles where they interact.In my opinion it is a good adventure, not his best but great.A nostalgic fan of Lucasarts point'n'click adventures."
76561198054714379,Not Recommended,232790,23237333,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Galaxy Ghost,"I loved this game. It had a compelling story with a beautiful artstyle and pretty spot-on voice acting. Act I was interesting, albeit the puzzles were very, very simple. But it could easily be overlooked for the curiosity of the story and how the two characters, Vella and Shay, connected to one another.However, Act II sort of killed it for me. Not only did it take forever for it to come out, but the difficulty curve on it skyrocketed, making it nearly impossible to beat without consulting the Internet.The wire puzzle was obscure and hard to figure out and the fact that it was totally and completely randomized made it that much more difficult.And I felt like the ending was a little too rushed with not enough development. There were lots of unanswered questions. I'm kind of dissatisfied with the whole experience.So it's with a heavy heart that I have to not recommend this game. Though, if you find it on sale for seriously cheap, I'd try it. But do not buy it for the full price. It's certainly not worth it."
76561198077650497,Not Recommended,232790,22596907,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Freddy,I loved the 1st part but when the 2nd one came it came back to same ideas done differently - i didn't even continue playing it sadly.
76561198032442774,Not Recommended,232790,22619553,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Rushtiger,"Quelle erreur j'ai fait d'acheter ce jeu !!!! Les graphismes, les dialogues, le scénario, tout est fait pour plaire à des enfants de moins de 12 ans.J'y ai joué 30 mins, et bye bye.Je déconseille fortemment, sauf si c'est pour des enfants"
76561198068875815,Recommended,232790,22246565,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Annyong Bluth,Truly a work of art.
,Recommended,232790,22346525,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Zubub,"if you were bing into the kings quest type or the later click to do adventure games this will come off as a good next itration there of. as much complaining there is about part 2, I still enjoyed it. the ending was a bit lacking for me but that small bit won't taint overall experience for me. This was fun."
,Recommended,232790,32165281,Posted: 3 June,all,IcyCyborg,GIves you both sides of a story that the main characters wouldn't expect from the character.
,Recommended,232790,32190318,Posted: 4 June,all,Musclemilk,"It's good y'all. If you're looking for an enticing adventure with good humor and a fun story, this is the game for you! This game is non-combat oriented and while it does have some fighting scenes, most of it involves using your mind to figure out amusing puzzles. Click on everything and take some mental (or literal) notes here and there, it'll come in handy! I bought this game not sure what to expect, but I couldn't be more glad to have played it. Hoping for a sequel!"
,Recommended,232790,28647390,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,sisaty,Beautiful graphics and nice story.
,Recommended,232790,28646767,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Capitol,"So I really liked this game.The art is great.The voice acting is great.The story is great.I played this game with Act 1 & 2 back to back. I thought Act 1 was a little short, but still amazing. Espectially the end of Act 1. Act 2 was good too, but not as good as Act 1. However, it was still fun. I found myself really caring about he characters. The story does have some vagueness in the big picture plot, but I didn't find that to be a bad thing. The main focus of the game is on Vella and Shay, them growing up and losing innocence in their transition into adults. Unlike some people, I loved the ending. I found it very thought provoking, beautiful, and satisfying. If you like P&C Adventures, this game is for you.9/10 would kill Mog Chothra again!"
,Recommended,232790,28412343,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,kanalevi,"Not finished playing it. Great artwork and design, also the dialogues and the voice acting is very funny and entertaining. Now that I have read other people's review about the ending, I'm becoming wary. Might change the review when I finish the game. But for now, I just want to say this game is fantastic."
,Recommended,232790,28683759,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,peterpanzer,"This game is absolute fun! If you love Monkey Island Series, that one is for you. Great sense of humour, beautiful graphics, well-written and performed music. The story keeps you long hours iin front of your PC and is full of unexpected twists! Recommended!"
76561198158508615,Recommended,232790,28616545,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Lucky Samus,"I have played this game a few times to get everything it has to offer.I enjoy the game a lot, though it some how feels a little short.I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good puzzle game with a nice soundtrack."
76561198262194334,Recommended,232790,28778462,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Blade Gamez,"I remembered.... Long ago a video..... It was on Youtube? It was of a boy and a girl with seperate adventures and a pretty nice art style. I had finally found it. By no means did I think it was going to be a BAD game, but I didn't think it would be this great! There are very many great aspects of the game including its wonderful artstyle. It's so beautiful! It reminds me of some find of puppet fabric. Anyways, the game itself, seemed to suprise me than beiing more than just a picture game. Like another one of my favorite games, Until Dawn or Life is Strange, it immerses you in a story where you feel as if your choices really matter and that you are actually in danger(not talking about icecream avalanche danger!!). So what makes this game good?Pros:Amazing Artwork: Not much I can say. It is really well animated, although, sometimes the character's mouths do not move 9/10Great Gameplay: While going to traditional point-and-click games, it also incorperates some of its natural quirkiness and own puzzles 8/10Music: the soundtrack is as good as the graphics, too! I don't think it's worth the amount they sell it for but hearing it in game also does justice! 8/10Open-world: There are just so many amazing characters in this game along with different areas. I feel like I'm honestly experiencing something new each time I go into a new area 9/10Great plot: Atleast in Act one. Act two is a bit lack luster, but I still like it 8/10Great twist: There is an amazing twist at the end of Act one that suprised me due to the ideas they hammer in your head throughout the game. There are other times that I feel that it goes a bit too far, though 8/10Total Pro: 8.3/10BONUS POINTS: Appearance of Jack Black and a wonderful story line: plus one9.5/10Cons:Plot twist: During Act 2 of the game,Marik reveals himself to be an alien which the game just seems to pull out of its♥♥♥♥♥ I love this game but seriously?.   minus .1 pointsSecond playthrough: The game doesn't have much replay value after the first play. You can discover new dialouge and get more achievements, but that's pretty much it.There are no other endings...minus .5 pointsQuestionable puzzles???: The puzzles about some robots in the second act get on my nerves. I don't see how someone can get those obscure references without using a walkthrough. The puzzles are quite fun after you figure them out, though!    minus .1 point9.5-.7__8.8/10I would recommend this game! It was really good!"
,Recommended,232790,28920086,Posted: 1 January,all,FuzzyPones,"It's well made, has an interesting story but the puzzles can become really absurd at times.You should not feel ashamed to use a walkthrough if you do not intend to throw away hours of your life by trying to solve weird designed puzzles. There are just a few of them that really feel out of place but generally they are well made.I would recommend this game if it's on discount because the story didn't get me really whilst the characters are surely well designed and feel real. Due to the constant switch between characters you always feel kinda disconnected though.This makes it tough to grow into a character.Still one of the good point and click out there offering acceptable playtime."
,Recommended,232790,29094350,Posted: 7 January,all,Joiler Veppers,Classic Doble Fine goodness. 9/10
76561198115649294,Recommended,232790,28922338,Posted: 1 January,all,Alldariz,"Amazing artwork, a bit weired but  entertaining story. Overall a good game and worth the time."
,Recommended,232790,28931810,Posted: 1 January,all,Lady Shyka,"An adorable point and click adventure.  The first act is better than the first, and I recommend playing Shay's story first.  The second act is somewhat lacking with a few 'try everything with everything else and see what works' solutions to some of the puzzles.  The art work is truly beautiful and the story is unique and very cute.  It's more targetted at younger children, but adults will find this equally enjoyable. Give it a chance.  It'll make you smile."
,Recommended,232790,28961562,Posted: 2 January,all,QuarterDollar,"This game is visually breathtaking, and every environment and character looks unique. The story is engaging and the characters are quirky and likable. The second half of the story, however, seems a tad rushed; many plot threads are brought up and never explored in detail or, in one case, mentioned again at all. A series of late-game puzzles were also esoteric and unintuitive, and I required several guides in order to understand the clues I'd been given. Aside from the somewhat lackluster finale, it's still a lovely game and worth the purchase."
76561198044650952,Recommended,232790,28949721,Posted: 2 January,all,Miner486,"Broken Age struck me as one of the most charming, beautiful, and fun experiences I've had with gaming in recent memory.  Every bit of the game oozes with love and a childlike sense of adventure that will stick with you long after you've beaten it, and will leave you wanting so much more.  The characters are perfect, the setting is silly and dreamlike, and the whole game is so creative and original that Broken Age has become my favorite game I played in 2016, by a long shot"
,Recommended,232790,28986432,Posted: 3 January,all,Jamchi,"Okayla.Voice acting, graphics, technical production aspects velly velly good la.Story was mysterious, intriguing, then WTFFFFFFFFFFF, and then okay..........you just gotta be willing to take giants leaps in believing and ignore the details in the plot...Other than that okayla.TLDR: Rec: Get on sale. (You'll feel better; but sales always do that to you anyways.)Note 1: Getting the relevant clues and solving the puzzles with bits and bobs here and there that you randomly catch not on purpose is a really good feeling.Note 2: Elijah Wood, Wil Wheaton, highlights."
,Recommended,232790,24037050,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,icatchcows,"The artwork in this game is excellent, same with the soundtrack. Although honestly, while I found the end of the game worth it, getting to the final few steps was a little repetitive."
76561198051811032,Recommended,232790,24036789,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,CleganeBowl Get Hyyyyype,"Fantastic art. Clever puzzles that are sometimes quite hard, but not impossible with some patience and some creativity. Great writing and a great story. Favorite point and click I've played."
,Recommended,232790,24032251,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,JKDarkseid,"Enjoyed this a lot. Well told story about the necessity of taking chances and seeing things beyond a narrow viewpoint, with beautiful art andd fun characters. A few good puzzles in there too, though the Vella areas get old the second half."
,Recommended,232790,30814540,Posted: 29 March,all,Vey,"It's good. The art is extremely enjoyable to look at, and I like the character design lots. The story I thought was so-so, but overall it's a point-and-click game that is worth checking out. If not only for the visual aspects of it."
,Recommended,232790,29326681,Posted: 17 January,all,MooCartoon,"Felt like I was playing a classic adventure game from the glory days of Lucas Arts, only this time with a very creative and dreamlike art style."
76561198069108534,Recommended,232790,29136590,Posted: 9 January,all,Hilarity,"I enjoyed the game a lot, however I'm also kinda dumb so I had to search some walkthroughs up despite my best effort not to. I think the puzzles weren't too hard or too easy, and I liked the game style a lot. The characters were cute and the story was creative. The only downside is the end was awful, I seriously hated it."
76561198268140107,Recommended,232790,29191450,Posted: 11 January,all,x_my_big_beefin_dong_x,"Really fun game.  The story was interesting and the switching between characters aspect was fun.  However, I do wish that the game was a bit longer as the ending seemed a bit rushed.  Overall, it's a great game with beautiful artwork and some really nice and challenging puzzles."
76561198179662629,Recommended,232790,28782004,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,NA,This game pushes you to think a bit creatively and the art style is amazing.
,Recommended,232790,29976503,Posted: 16 February,all,Nikorama,"Graphic : 9/10Story : 6/10The ending is really flat and not answering the mysteries they develop in pre and mid game. When the game over, then it's over, no conclusion at all."
,Recommended,232790,29873490,Posted: 12 February,all,foddertarget,"Cute game. The second act does suffer the same issue most point and click adventures have, which is the head scratching couple of puzzles where you really wonder why you were supposed to make THAT leap of logic. Otherwise it was very engaging and enjoyable."
76561198084064261,Recommended,232790,29767393,Posted: 7 February,all,Diddleysquin,"I waited so long to play this game after I saw a playthrough of some of the opening when it was released and I'm throughly glad I did.A beautifuly constructed, mostly immersive universe with a tale twist or two that you genuinly couldn't predict.There are times when 'point and click logic' becomes a little annoying and after nearing an hour stuck with one puzzle I did have to look up the solution only to find that it was exactly what I'd been doing bar tweeking one thing that didn't actually have any effect on the action (boy is that difficult to explain without spoilers) but overall I throughly enjoyed this game and would recomend to all ages."
,Recommended,232790,29139711,Posted: 9 January,all,Trampled Underfoot,"Well done art, very nice voice acting and a compelling story. I did get stuck a couple of times but overall the game flows quite nicely"
,Recommended,232790,29147085,Posted: 9 January,all,Sortebech,"This is possibly the best point and click game I've ever played. It has clever puzzles, enough that I felt challenged, but still could progress easily through the game. I especially love the humor, great storytelling and the charming style of the art. I want more right now! :D"
76561198125350667,Recommended,232790,28889095,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,zik319,Great quest
,Recommended,232790,28826618,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,kccricket,"All in all, I enjoyed Broken Age. The story was good, the humor was funny, and the voice acting was spot on. Most of the puzzles in the game are easy to easy-moderate, generally involving giving people the things they need or telling them the things they want to hear. To me, the hardest puzzles were two near the end that required more abstract thinking. I know I have to do X, and here's a diagram that's likely related, but I had difficulty determining HOW it was related. However, I find this is pretty typical for adventure games--the puzzles tend to fall apart near the end of the game.Still, you should play it."
76561197996694288,Recommended,232790,28878502,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,jetblack87,bravo
76561198023019827,Not Recommended,232790,16323158,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,buttonmasher,"Overall: Okay, but I did not like itLikes:- The story is charming, imaginative, playful, amusing- Good voice actingDislikes:- Feels geared toward a younger audience- Can't fast-forward through screens of dialogue (can only skip entire scenes)- The solutions to the puzzles in Act 2 are more obscure, and even convoluted- In Act 2, some of the puzzle solutions don't make sense in the context of the story, because they require knowledge of the other storyline, which the characters have no way of knowing- Act 1 is better than Act 2- Act 1 ends pretty suspensefully, but the revelation at the beginning of Act 2 is a letdown- In Act 2, some of the motivations behind the plot are vague and unsatisfactorye.g., Why do the Thrush kidnap maidens? Because the maidens possess some unexplained qualities that the Thrush need, for reasons.  Why do the Thrush need Shay?  Only he can find good quality maidens, because he is somehow special.- The ending doesn't make sense""We're trying to escape, but our ships are stuck.  Let's blow up the ships!"" Um, how does this help exactly? Also, not only did you endanger everyone's lives, but now you've stranded everyone in front of the enemy city's wall of turrets- see also Rock Paper Shotgun's spoiler-ful discussion of Act 2:http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2015/04/29/broken-age-plot/"
76561198249021354,Recommended,232790,29445107,Posted: 23 January,all,Kalindrin,"This game is the best point and click adventure I have ever played!Its funny, has a great story, its pretty hard (you will and I repeat you will have to take notes), has great art style and unforgetable characters. Just stop reading this review and buy it!"
76561198031032248,Recommended,232790,29471736,Posted: 24 January,all,oana,"Really wonderful game, I loved the parallel storylines, the fact that it's not very predictable overall, it tries to be consistent and as far as I can tell it does a good job in doing so. Basically you get to ask characters why they chose certain things, you get to question their logic behind it, and sometimes help them admit they were being manipulated into something they did not want to be a part of. Or some characters are simply amusing by being absurd to the end in the choices they make. I really loved the graphics also and the general feel of the game. You get to shift perspectives and literally play from the other characters' point of view. Really lovely, I highly recommend it."
76561198086493134,Recommended,232790,29451847,Posted: 23 January,all,shortskirtlongjacket,"ABSOLUTELY LOVED this game. A beautiful art style and an intriguing storyline make for a game you can't stop playing. So many positives for this game, the only negative I have is that the second half and the ending feels a bit short, it just left me wanting more!"
76561198055689944,Not Recommended,232790,29425306,Posted: 22 January,all,JestJester,"I bought this game on steam sale and I'm glad I did. The gameplay is very slow paced filled with puzzles. During act one the puzzles were obvious and easy to solve. During the second act the puzzles were very difficult with less verbal cues on what needed to be done to solve them. The second act had less appeal than the first and the dialog felt very repetative until you approached the finale. This game had the potential to do something different with the story line and it could have been much more interesting than it actually was. Instead I felt like I was having a sureal experience where the quality of life seemed to be increadibly shallow and mundane. Maybe someone else will enjoy the slow pace and shallow plotline, but I would not reccomend it."
,Recommended,232790,29425371,Posted: 22 January,all,Dangerous Doctor,"Point-and-click adventure game of the old-school. Nice art, quality voice acting. Back half of the game degenerates into the sort of garbage puzzles that killed the genre in the first place, but I expected this and played the game like I play any point-and-click adventure: by following a guide.The story got unfathomably stupid in the second half of the game, though, and I can't really forgive that.Overall, a quality product if you like this sort of thing with all the usual flaws that you'll forgive if you like this sort of thing and some bad writing that wasn't bad enough to ruin it."
,Recommended,232790,29401762,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"A charming adventure game with a unique art style, a fascinating world, and a compelling story. The puzzles at times are tedious or obtuse, but most solutions make sense. Overall, a good experience."
,Not Recommended,232790,31039337,Posted: 9 April,all,Javs,SOOOO just finished the game after many frustrating hours and i`m left with anger and anguish rather than joy and satisfaction! The game looks and feels beautiful dont get me wrong and it has a very nice story to tell. Some of the puzzles though can really drive you crazy!! Hours of doing the same thing over and over again. and at the end of the game you dont even get the satisfaction of doing the final steps instead you see a cut scene where everything just happens like a movie... which is perhaps what this should have been. I suggest watching a playthrough on youtube rather than spending hours just redoing frustrating steps over and over again. It would have been one of the best games i have ever played if some of the puzzles were not simple so stupid.
76561198059850980,Recommended,232790,29252564,Posted: 14 January,all,Micronrb,"Not the greatest ending, but overall a good game."
,Recommended,232790,12914592,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Endym10n,"After act 2 has come out ill update my review:I have played it with my 4 year old daughter, and she love the chrecters even though she don't understand english. We have been playing through this together with me translating for her, I even bought on my IOS device too.I think it has  a very sweet story and the viioce acting is superb(at least in english)"
76561198000282677,Recommended,232790,32436032,Posted: 15 June,all,AkoaKS,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. Finally finished it.I am so bad at puzzzles.9/10
76561198067238023,Recommended,232790,32306532,Posted: 9 June,all,ashsteps,"This is one of my favourite games, I have played it several times now. There is a great narrative here, and spectacular voice acting. A few puzzles are a bit too quirky, but one can figure it out, as there is consistent logic. The artwork is stunning and that's why I bought it in the first place."
76561198319845730,Recommended,232790,32460749,Posted: 15 June,all,Remy,"If you enjoy point and click games, this one's for you. I liked it because you can switch points of view if you get bored or get stuck. The story itself is also pretty good, motivating you to reach the end. Some puzzles can be tricky at first, but there are lots of trials and walkthrougs to help you should you need them. Also, the cast of voices is fantastic as well."
76561198028165659,Recommended,232790,32494633,Posted: 16 June,all,Anthya,I enjoyed playing Broken Age. The story is interesting. Overall I thought it was fun.
76561198059984896,Recommended,232790,24348247,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Bliffenstimmers,"a Lovely little romp in a fanciful world.  Beautiful art, wonderfull music.  One or two big  twists! The challenges are from obvious to somewhat difficult.  But figuring stuff out is all part of the fun.  Almost every object has a different and humorus reaction with every other object.  Ramdom point and click has never beem so fun! get it and play it withn your kids :}"
,Not Recommended,232790,31807279,Posted: 17 May,all,Fire Flurries,"A game is pretty bad in my book when the puzzles are so ""hard"" that you have to abandon it for a month or risk breaking something out of rage.Based off of the model for a lot of point and click puzzle adventures, Broken Age tries to be fun but then ends up just frustrating you so bad that you finish it out of spite. I mean, I'm one of those people that plays a game over and over just to get all of the achievements, and I will never touch this game again.I will say that I think that the randomly generated puzzles idea is a good one, it's only good if it's intuitive to the player: NOT if you have to look up that you have to get clues from the other side of the story.Also, for such a star-studded cast, the voice acting is pretty meh, which made me sad because I admire a lot of the people in this game."
76561197986936985,Recommended,232790,31808316,Posted: 17 May,all,neoburn,This is a very beautiful and clasic point and click adventure the way I like it. Beautiful graphics and a nice atmosphere. It is a bit obvious though what is to do so it might be a bit too easy for some people.
76561198096386920,Recommended,232790,31529890,Posted: 3 May,all,Tominator,"really good story, hard puzzels"
76561198162823263,Recommended,232790,31534127,Posted: 3 May,all,Acidkandy1222,amazing..love the story
76561198234064616,Recommended,232790,31558087,Posted: 5 May,all,Slayyy,I would love to reccomend this game but it keeps crashing whenever i tried to play it.But besides that ive seen the gameplay of it would still reccomend it tho
76561198006986577,Recommended,232790,31515737,Posted: 2 May,all,DragonElderX9,A fantastic point-and-click adventure with a very interesting story and unique characters!
,Recommended,232790,31597356,Posted: 6 May,all,ilike56k,"I think this game isn't as fun if you look up the answers online.  Just like DOTT, sometimes the solution is kind of stupid, and not what you'd expect.  When that happens, you have to be patient.  Figure it out by walking away for a while, or write down the problem in words.  I find the answer comes to me when I do those things.I wish this game was more funny.  It's quirky, and cute, but not LOL funny.This isn't a game for everyone.  And even if it's your type of game, I recommend you wait for it to go on sale.  Or play DOTT instead."
,Recommended,232790,34725518,Posted: 3 September,all,Oiled linen,the ending will shock you 9/10 won't play again for another 5 years 'cause i know all the puzzles but still pretty ok
76561198120847380,Recommended,232790,34867122,Posted: 10 September,all,GrungeNerd,This is by far one of the best point & click style adventure game I have ever played.
,Recommended,232790,34908830,Posted: 12 September,all,Greentaily,"Игра, конечно, 10/10, но сюжет второй части какой-то слишком грустный."
,Recommended,232790,34868304,Posted: 10 September,all,The Azure Terra,This is my favorite game of All Time. Sitting right alongside Kingdom Hearts.
76561198316413534,Recommended,232790,33800858,Posted: 25 July,all,MillenniumMoon,I have played this game for about 1.6 hours and oh my GooDness! I absolutely love the art style and story is amazing and I love the fact that you can easily witch between Vella and Shay. The only bad thing I would say about this game is that some puzzles are a bit too hard but that can easily be solved with a nuce walkthrough.
,Recommended,232790,33960797,Posted: 1 August,all,Scandier,"Pros:- fun and gorgeous graphics- unique stories- play as two different teens- lots of interactive elements- interesting characters- variety of puzzles- decent amount of hours- auto-save featureCons:- probably need to look at a guide at least once- a few very tedious puzzles- plot progression feels a bit boring- short, unsatisfactory ending- potential plot holesThis is a game for all ages, but it's probably more relatable for teenagers and kids.Some of the puzzles are really straightforward, others require some good thinking. A few of them are just plain tedious. I personally felt stumped(sorry Talking Tree)and needed to look up how to get through certain parts of the game. The mechanics of the final puzzle are really annoying and don't seem to make that much sense in terms of its purpose.While most of the puzzles are fun, the progression of the plot feels slow. After Act 1, it's like waiting for something super exciting to happen but ultimately being let down. The ending of the game feels rather anti-climatic (there's actually hardly a climax to begin with). It's more like a cliffhanger and leaves a lot of questions still unanswered, with some potential plot holes.Otherwise it's a pretty decent game, with great graphics. I recommend waiting for a sale, which seems to happen often, because I don't personally think it's worth the full twenty."
76561197974092123,Recommended,232790,33961000,Posted: 1 August,all,Jack,A decent game with good voice acting and art. I like that you get to play from the point of view of two characters and can switch any time. Some puzzle solutions are pretty damn difficult though so will probably need to check a walkthrough more than once (and keep a pen and paper handy)! I'd give it a decent 7/10.
,Recommended,232790,33959758,Posted: 1 August,all,Raptor,"Absolutely awesome game! Very nice story! Managed to solve all the puzzles without googling the solution (which means the adventure game is really well made from logic perspective).Funny dialogs, good controls, no bugs, again FANTASTIC STORY.....the game is simply total opposite of Armikrog, lol"
,Recommended,232790,12946173,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Wakisashi,"When I first got it, I didn't realize that only half had been made. So this is an updated review to reflect the entire game.I found the art, music, and writing very well done in this game. Many parts and jokes had me laughing. I also appreciated the humor as it wasn't heavy reliant on sarcasm as many adventure games are.I however, didn't care for many of the very unintuitive puzzles. I honestly had to guide a few sections--rather than waste 1-2 hours trying to piece something together. I had time for that when I was younger, however, now it just feels like a chore, and I'd rather be doing something else. Such a fine balance for this I know, I just found myself stuck quite often--and I would consider myself a veteran of adventure games.That said I would still recommend. The game is done well, just know what you're getting into."
76561198068338773,Not Recommended,232790,34075675,Posted: 6 August,all,Batman,"You know what? I really really REALLY want to recommend this game.The story is extremely creative and the gameplay is unique. I love the heart behind Broken Age and there were some moments I thought ""Ooooooh yeah! This is gonna be fun!"". But I hate to admit it. My negative experiences with this game surpassed the good experiences. The puzzles weren't all too difficult but there were absolutly some moments that made me ask ""How in God's name was I supposed to think of that?"" The interactions between characters is interesting and funny, but most of the time it came off as mellow and uninspiring. I'm a huge story fanatic so gameplay doesn't always rate high on my list of requirments. I was dissappointed with the ending. Sure it gets climactic, but we're still left with a lot of questions that I guess were answered (maybe?) leaving the real ending of the story open-ended and empty. It's like handing in an assignment unfinished so you shove all the answers people have been waiting for at the end. I'm glad I got this on sale, which sucks because I could tell a lot of love went into this and I don't like hating on it, but I also don't think it's worth 21.99. Not a bad game. Just lost potential."
76561198095435153,Recommended,232790,34075800,Posted: 6 August,all,honored cur,"So...I really am not sure what to say about this game. I don't hate it, or dislike it, but not really sure if I like it either. Some of the puzzles were tedious, the wiring puzzles were COMPLETELY ANNOYING, I pulled up a walktrough and found out some of the puzzles supposedly are random per playthrough and to figure it out you have to do a LOT of trial and error.I will say I like that the story is two stories happening at the same time. It is an enjoyable premise, the art while not my preference isn't bad art. Some of the voice acting isn't very great but most of it is really good even recognized Jack Black and Wil Wheaton have roles. I wished the two main characters interacted more, and really the end game only gives you what little closure through a credit slideshow.This is a strange beast, and while I have to recomend this because I do see it being something fun to play, I am completely uncertain on if it is something Good or just OK.Perhaps a sequel covering more of the world would happen and be nice."
,Recommended,232790,33978177,Posted: 2 August,all,myoukei,"I'm gonna tentatively review this with a thumbs up. The game has some serious pros and cons...This game is really cute! in both the art style, the tone, and the story. There aren't many games i've come across with femme poc protags so I had bought this one in support.Unfortunately, this game is one of the most frustrating ""puzzle"" games i've ever come across. It almost plays like a guessing game, with random objects to be used as tools to get past certain objectives. It comes across as being the sort of game you could let a 7 year old play, except that i couldn't imagine a child being patient enough to get through it. The fact that it will make you restart entire sections if you don't do things in the order it wants you to doesn't help. I think the worst thing about it is that the story doesn't feel finished? They establish this world and a villain and then the credits roll.Maybe get it on sale?"
76561198002183034,Recommended,232790,34479210,Posted: 25 August,all,Torn up Yarn,"Lovlingly drawn and a joy to follow the story.  Puzzles are mostly straight forward and nice - you usually have very few options making it easy to try everything, but some are extremely tedious and require you to keep notes from earlier.  A hint/help system would have been extremely welcome, because I was there to be told a story - not to have a walkthrough open regularily to know when to keep notes.That said, I love it.  This is an extremely well polished game."
,Recommended,232790,34647012,Posted: 31 August,all,Raxyn [AJSA],"This is such a fun and amazing point-and-click game that I highly recommend it! It's such a fantastic visual story that just having one of your two main characters standing in a room tells you a story! The VA work is also fantastic, with fun star surprises from folks all throughout. My only gripe is just how short the whole thing is. I understand that the game was supposed to be longer with more details past the current ending, and it does the show. That being said, I still say it was worth the money for it and the time spent in it. Hopefully one day another game like this or a sequel/spiritual sequel to this will come about. Till then, I'll be happy to replay this game over and over for the quirky friends you make along this beautiful storybook game."
,Not Recommended,232790,16664677,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,RojoKuss,Lol XD I'm writing this review like a year or so after I played the game so I don't remember if it's good or not. Buy it. Or don't. IDC. K goodnight daddy see you in bed 2nite ;)
76561198398335951,Recommended,232790,35214505,Posted: 25 September,all,Erallie,"Sorry, I have little to say, but I LOVED this game! I especially loved the very rich story line. I'm new to video games, and I had to use the spoiler-free walkthrough I found online to help me through some of the puzzles, but that's probably just because I haven't played that many video games and also because I wanted to continue with the story and finish it sooner rather than choose to wait for a day and think it through. Most of the puzzles I was able to figure out myself, I think.Playing through this actually felt a little like watching an interactive movie to me, since the story line is so deep. But of course, that is not to say the puzzles were easy and boring or bad in any way.The voice acting was very good, and the actions and scenes were animated well.I really want to find another game like this, since I can't really play it again the same way now that I know all the answers, unless I wait long enough to forget most of what happens in the game.Anyway, LOVED this game. Really recommend it!"
76561198076845774,Recommended,232790,35006045,Posted: 16 September,all,Varnoxus,"A not so long adventure game, with hard puzzles and charming characters"
