user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,232750,9594016,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Rodriguez1879,"This is not the best RPG out there, but I would be lying if I said it is not fun as hell. Combat is smooth, landscapes are gorgeous, and the story isn't too bad either. I'm aware when this game came out it was pretty bad, but they did an excellent job at fixing what needed to be fixed. So many of the negative comments don't apply anymore. However, many have said the combat and crafting system is a rip off from The Witcher 2. I will have to say false. Similar? Without a doubt, but not a rip off. This game takes it much more slow, and the option to use the techromancer abilities makes it its own. And a crafting system is a crafting system. Not much you can do there. Now, my impressions: I love this game. I was constantly entertained from start to finish. I love action RPGs and this game delivered. But not only that, the landscapes were amazing. The towns and such were nice, but you got tired of looking at them after a bit, but when you stare off into the distance, beyond the towns, you saw beauty. They made a boring red planet into something else. If you enjoy a not so hardcore RPG then by all means pick this game up. But maybe wait until a sale. I love the game, but $15 is still a tad high in my opinion, but nonetheless I think this game should be on any RPG lovers game library."
76561198038613939,Recommended,232750,11228853,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,yongtw123,"This game reminds me of several titles: Dragon Age 2 (how the maps are confined), Witcher 2 (combat), and Mass Effect series (story/quest branching). For a traditional RPG it's got some things right, but it has its share of problems.Pros:1. Tactical combat. Combat gets even more challenging and fun at Extreme difficulty, but at a price...2. Nice setting and atmosphere. Mars here is like a remnant of some former colony; a fresh change from those high-tech ones. Everything is rusty, red, and make-shift. Put it another way, it's more like an apocalyptic Mars.3. Your choices matter. People may die/live, quests may be locked/opened, etc... If you like replaying for different endings then this is for you.Cons:1. At Extreme difficulty, a bad selection of skills will make the game almost impossible. There seems to be some skills that must be unlocked first, such as Evade, Sneak, etc.2. No crowd AI. At hubs you may get invovled in battle, but civilians do not react at all, even when the fight is happening right under their noses. This hurts the sense of immersion.3. Some quest are hidden inside branching conversations and are easily missed if you choose the wrong reply (but you have no idea of the difference). Choose between ""just say it!"" or ""ok ok i got it""?4. Characters and lore are rather under-developed. For an RPG of this length (30hr for me), you only get to know a few of the characters. Some just pop up with little background info. The romance here is merely a filler.5. In combat you only have limited control on your companion (only 4 ""states""), which sometimes is not that helpful.Despite the cons, I still enjoy this game a lot, primarilly for its combat and story. If you aren't that picky about graphics and AI and just expect a down-to-earth action RPG, this shouldn't disappoint you."
76561197974877837,Not Recommended,232750,7758468,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Spalls Hurgenson,"An imaginative role-playing game, the various pieces never quite come together into a satisfying whole. Its settings is poorly described, even after I read through the in-game journal and the documents on the game's web site. The characters feel shallow and - not helped by poor voice-acting and writing - I never empathized with their plight. Mars is gorgeously rendered, but the detail is only skin-deep; too-few NPCs, quests and maps results in an world that is artificial and empty. The combat and crafting are moderately entertaining but, again, the lack of content hobbles even this; a mere handful of weapons and spells did not give me much to play with. Mars War Log plays very much like a game where the developers had a great idea, but neither the talent nor the ability to bring that idea to fruition."
,Recommended,232750,9656399,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,k a t    f e t u s,"Mars: War Logs , I wrote this review after finishing the game most likely because I was so emotional and had to talk about it. Mars is an amazing game despite what the Meta score says. People complained saying it falls short of a great RPG because it's to simple , but that's the wonderful thing about this game - It's simple. Its gameplay and combat is like Witcher 2 with Slow-mo chosen abilities , blocking and rolling.For someone that likes the idea of an RPG but doesn't have the time or doesn't like the complexity of RPG's ,this is the perfect game for you! You don't have 20+ type of stuff you can get items from , only enemies , crates and piles ( No max items slots or weight too) There are side quest but not so much that you will leave them later on ,  but instead you will most likely do them all.An amazing SIMPLE wonderful RPG that deserves your attention. Buy it if your a fan of RPG's or when ever it's on special.9/10"
,Recommended,232750,18691550,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Promising & enjoyable // Recommended on sale+ Dialogue trees offer a semblance of choice as the story progresses; choices matter in a tangible way, & often small chunks of the narrative can be altered+ Though it is slow coming into its own, the combat system rounds out to be solid, fluid, & enjoyable+ Ability unlocks add depth to combat, which is largely melee-based+ Immersive & detailed environmental design+ Plot advancement comes off a bit hurried in some areas; not altogether a detriment, but gamers that lean towards a heavy focus on narrative may come away somewhat disappointed in the overall pacing+ Interesting & very well-presented lore; plenty of depth and intrigue+ Skill tree offers ample variety and specialization- Stiff & clunky running animations- Dated visuals & textures- Sub-par voice acting; facial animations, too, are atrocious- Ordering companions within the context of battle feels unnecessary & unpolished- Lacking in satisfactory enemy mob variety- Poor armor & weapon variety, despite crafting mechanics (crafting felt more useful for upgrading, if anything)LockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,232750,34671255,Posted: 1 September,all,Lintire,"Mars: War Logs is an easy enough game to criticize.It makes the usual mistake of trying to be too many things at once, and not doing a great job with any one of them. You could just go through each feature and come up with ""this feature is not well developed"".On one hand, yeah no wonder, it was made with $2.50 and bits of string found around the office. On the other, that's still a valid criticism. So that's the main take. This is not a game improved by the threadbare stealth, the one-note crafting or even the armour upgrade system when the fundemental beat em up n quest nature is mostly divorced from that.But Mars: Wall Dogs does do things well.""I've been wanting to escape for a while, I've just been waiting for someone I could trust.""- Roy, who's been wanting to escape for a while, but been waiting for someone he could trustFirst up: it's a great-looking game. At its best it brings its Martian rustic cityscapes and frontier outlands to life with all the details and colours they could scrape from the underside of the Curiosity Rover, at its most flaccid it still brings some glowsticks to the warehouse.You get several armours - most of them are about as good as your birthday suit, but you do get them. If only to deposit directly into the garbage can. The main set of reskins looks pretty good and is useful, though.Second up: it almost plays well. Very close. All the pieces are there, they're just not arranged quite right.You're gonna play on Extreme, because Mars: Gore Jogs is braindead if you don't. And on Extreme, you're going to bemoan that the roll doesn't have i-frames, that enemies will happily attack 2-3 at once with guardbreaks and electro-arcs like a kinky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s video, or those damned molemen who'll just chase you around in a horde forever even exist, like you're the clown at their birthday party.Most of all you're going to marvel that your weapon is capable of hitting exactly one enemy at a time, passing through enemies you're not facing as if magic.""I need it for myself. Yeah, for myself. To relax.""- Sidequests are somehow not just throwaway sweet nothings to whisper into the garbage canPrepare to be shock and amazed by the lengthy start-up and recovery frames that demand precision in a game with none, and that the roll and walking animations will manually turn you around instead of just cancelling the animation.Because Bioware does that, I guess. Doesn't work there either.But there is a roll, guardbreak, parry and plenty of buffs, spells and items to choose from. All the fundementals for fun combat. And that does make for some pretty hectic, if imprecise and usually lethal, combat.It tries. It does try. Even succeeds a little. Enough to keep you invested.Little tip, from me to you. One on one. You might look at the economy, see that enemies will drop 1 dollar, maybe, and a piece of cloth, maybe, and be tempted to horde your items and go through the game without healing items or grenades, waiting for some endgame items to spill your purse on.Don't. The vendors are worthless garbage-peddlers apart from those two crucial items. Spend away.""You go to a lot of trouble for this kid. Are you sleeping with him?""- Spiders follows the average AA formula of ""decent assets, mediocre gameplay and nothing story"", but the dialogue can be goodThere's a story there. It lets you skip it. The dialogue and VA is mostly alright. Technomancers aren't as interesting as the game seems to think they are.Is Mars: Gall Snogs worth your time? Between the wildly fluctuating design issues, with the overall effort, time and production values, I'd say yeah. Sort of. When you're bored and want to see where the grass is browner on the other side of the budget.It's an overly-ambitious (in an unfortunately rote way) product that manages to look good enough to get compared to the greats and thrashed for it.But if you go expecting a budget title - yeah, it's alright."
76561198102402482,Recommended,232750,12632154,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,geekyskittles,"I recommend this game simply because its different and interesting. Yet I am somewhat disappointed with it. There is so so so much potential for story of this game but it just misses its mark. I think with a better budget and studio and with perhaps a different name, this game could have been huge. The plot/story starts off really well is so very interesting but this drops off rather quickly. It's still interesting, but the depth drops and the plot starts to feel somewhat half formed, before dropping out completely with a sudden ending. It feels like there needs to be a sequel, to fully round things up.This may seem like a criticism rather than a recommendation, but I want people to play it and see exactly what I mean about the beautiful artwork, interesting concept and huge potential for this game despite the misgivings. Just grab it on sale and give it a go and see how this game makes you feel!"
76561198030788488,Not Recommended,232750,17693611,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Cracktus Jack,"Mars: War Logsis a 3rd person sci-fi action RPG. On a Mars that's been cut away from Earth for decades, Roy ""Temperance"" is an Aurora soldier stuck in Abundance P.O.W. Camp 19 that wishes to escape back to his home city of Shadowlair, just to find out the Technomancers have taken over the government.Pros:Good base story that reflects a rich universe, much larger than the span of the game. While the graphics themselves are sub-par for 2013, the aesthetics are excellent, showing a dry planet built from scraps where people have obviously grown beyond their resources and no supplies are expected. Combat gameplay works well and prevents you from just going flailing about or shooting all in sight: you need to think and react properly to the different ranged or close-ranged attacks, blocking, leaping and hitting when the time is right, and the A.I. actually does a great job at becoming much more strategic and challenging at higher difficulty levels. Also, ranged weapons are under-powered, a good thing as it forces you to make use of the melee combat mechanics. There is an interesting, although limited, crafting system for upgradable items.Cons:The voice acting and cut scenes are bad, and I mean it: out of sync voices, long awkward pauses between character reactions or interruptions, bad character animation, all so much more dated than the game itself is. The maps feel just as dated: floor surface is polygony, there is no climbing or jumping over 1 inch obstacles, invisible walls and ""decorative"" stairways or ledges your character should so obviously be able climb on, it reminds me of the one thing I hated in the map layout ofStar Wars: Knights of the Old Republic. The story is rushed, as so many concepts are introduced or teased at but get no development whatsoever. There is barely any equipment you can purchase (a few suits and a few sticks, some of which are not upgradable).Verdict:★★☆☆☆ - Forget itI wish I could recommend this game, but in all honesty it's not that good. The writers obviously wanted to bite on much more than they could chew, as the game introduces concepts meant to rival the biggest modern RPGs or sci-fi stories out there: Mars being cut from Earth, futuristic guild wars, mysterious ruins from the first colonists, serum (body fluid) being used as currency, that and so much more gave the game a lot of potential, none of which is exploited in a significant way and all end up falling flat. Still, the setting's potential is enough to have me interested in its recent spin-offThe Technomancer, hoping it'll be any better.—————————————————————————This was just my opinion.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up, and feel free to check out more of my (purely opinionated)reviews."
,Not Recommended,232750,12488340,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Felipepepe,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. But oh god, it's so repetitive.You'll just run through short, narrow hallways and fight groups of 4-5 respawning enemies that all fight the same way. You'll also always fight the same way, because there's only one weapon type in the whole game.The odd thing is how the tutorial is the best part of the game. It manages to present an interesting setting, a decent plot & characters and create illusion of freedom, with some big areas and the promise of a lot of new things to unlock. But sadly, those never come, and any motivation the characters had vanishes.If you own this already, really I recommend playing the first 2-3 hours. If not, just avoid the whole game."
,Recommended,232750,9158249,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,sex✞bishop,"This game is an unpolished gem - it has decent graphics, good story and a fighting system that's enjoyable enough and doesn't frustrate (looking at Risen). On the other hand you have a crafting system that is more or less useless (I especially liked one skill that said I would receive new explosives recipes, but nope, didn't happen). It stays quite realistic in the matter that you never feel unnaturally powerful, but then again when you receive your ""magic"" it leaves you quite disappointed at how weak it also is.Nevertheless I've enjoyed time spent with this game and even managed to get myself to see the second branch of the story, so given the opportunity you may want to check it.7/10"
76561198042646749,Not Recommended,232750,32049463,Posted: 29 May,all,kris.aalst,"Introduction and summary of this reviewAction role-playing is my favorite game genre, so I'm very lenient when reviewing those games and I always start from the notion that I reallywantto like the game. Unfortunately, in the end I couldn't likeMars: War Logsenough to recommend it. A story that's nearly non-existent, little or no personality to the characters, repetitive and unsatisfying combat, no real loot, a superfluous crafting system, no meaningful choices, uninspired quests, ... everything that can destroy an action RPG's fun factor is present here. To be fair, there is clearly some heart and a lot of good intentions at the core ofMars: War Logs, but that's not enough. It turns out they already made a sequel to this game and judging from the reviews it's another mediocre action RPG:http://store.steampowered.com/app/338390/The_Technomancer/Also, I can't help but notice that the developers avoid any and all reference toMars: War Logsin their description ofThe Technomancer. Speaks volumes, doesn't it?Story, setting and charactersMan has colonized Mars and even introduced a breathable atmosphere, but due to a cosmic event all communications with Earth have been severed for a long time now. A couple of factions are waging war on Mars, especially for its most precious resource: water. The most notable players in the conflict are technomancers, people augmented with technology so they can generate electricity and use it as an offensive or defensive force.You're Roy, a prisoner of war in a POW camp who has an escape plan, but he needs to recruit help and gather some resources to carry out that plan. His first recruit is a new arrival in the camp, a young POW called Innocence.Roy shows a hint of mystery to his past but that's as far as the interesting personality traits go in this game. Innocence is naive (what's in a name, right?) to the point of being downright shallow and sometimes annoying. With barely one or two meager exceptions, all the other interactible NPCs are just vessels to get quests from and to turn in those quests to, nothing more.The game ticks all the boxes for bad storytelling, like:The game provides little background or motivation for either of the protagonists except ""let's get out of here and go home"".There is no real antagonist. By the end of the first chapter of the game, which is almost halfway through the game, one character seems to be tagged the antagonist, but that's too little and quite late. And halfway through the second chapter, there still is no sign of an outspoken antagonist.Overall, there is no conflict in the story. There is conflict in the game, of course, in the form of combat but it's not story-driven. Even clichéd narrative drivers like ""you need to save the world from..."" or ""you're looking for revenge on..."" would have been preferable to no real set-up at all except ""escape and fight everyone who attacks you on sight"".The only thing that redeems all those bad points a bit is the setting of the game. Mars! Yes, when you look at the hills and mountains in the distance they're red. And when you turn the camera up, you see an orange sky. That's nice. But during the whole game you're running through man-made trenches or you find yourself inside caves or buildings. So you don't really 'feel' like you're on Mars much. The developers didn't even bother to adjust the gravity in the game to resemble Mars': characters move exactly like they would on Earth.GameplayThe game is very combat-oriented so let's start with that. Combat consists of three elements:Basic combat actions: one attack, one block and one break block command;Skills: throwing sand at opponents to blind them, shooting a nailgun and technomancy skills like electrocuting opponents or raising an electrical damage shield around you;Unfortunately, a dodge roll. This means you roll around the whole time in between hits while fighting large groups of opponents, which the game throws at you very frequently, or you die because the game is way too hard without using the overpowered dodge roll, even on the lowest of the 4 difficulty modes. Dodge roll without a cooldown, combined with near immunity while dodge rolling, is a mechanic that ruins action RPG's whole combat system. Examples are The Witcher 2 and Risen 3.In an action RPG, especially one that sometimes feels a lot like a hack & slash game (a genre often confused with action RPG's, by the way), a good loot scheme is essential. You want the player to look forward to his next reward, because it has a chance of being something great. InMars: War Logsyou'll loot dozens of corpses and open dozens of containers, but 99% of the loot you'll find is just large amounts of the 6 crafting materials and some ammo for your nailgun. If you do loot a weapon or armor it's never anything special or better than you have equipped, so they're intended to be turned into crafting materials or sold to a merchant NPC.Lastly, you'll also find serum as loot. Serum is the game's currency and it's completely superfluous. The only good items the merchant NPCs are selling, are the very same items you'll get from questing. So the merchant NPCs are just there for the impatient. You either buy the weapon or armor from the NPC or you'll soon get it for free as a quest reward or as fixed loot in a container nearby.When you level up, you get some skill points and a perk point to spend. Skills are divided into three skill trees:Combat: melee and defense skills;Renegade: stealth skills, skills that add DoT effects to your attacks and skills to improve your efficiency with the nailgun;Technomancy: skills like electrocuting opponents or raising an electrical damage shield around you.The perks are very limited:XP bonus gained for killing opponents;Increased chance for loot, but as I mentioned earlier the loot is practically all crafting materials and you get tons of them as it is;Unlock more craftable items;Unlock the option to transform crafting materials.Mars: War Logsalso has a good/evil reputation mechanism but it's very basic. The only noticeable effect being 2 different bonuses (automatic perks) that are granted depending on your reputation.Note that you can't change the game's key bindings. Most of the provided key bindings are very logical, though, but the freedom to change them to whatever you desire would have been nice for me and a must for others, I'm sure.Graphics and soundThe graphics aren't top-notch like those in the games created by the major studios but they're more than okay for an indie developer. The decors look very good but the characters and especially their faces look rather basic.During combat, you'll hear fitting up-tempo drum beats. Outside of combat, there is little music to be heard. You just hear some subtle ambient noises, which is fine and non-intrusive, really, but nothing memorable either, of course.The sound effects are sub par and often seem absent. There's little audible feedback during combat, for example, when hitting opponents or when getting hit.The voice actor for Roy, the protagonist, delivers a decent performance. The other voice acting ranges from slightly below average to barely above average. So yeah, very average overall. Seems like a recurring theme for this game, doesn't it?On Steam's extra featuresMars: War Logshas 6 Steam Trading Cards. You'll get 3 while running the game.Mars: War Logsonly has 14 Steam Achievements, which is a surprisingly low number for an action RPG. Moreover, 8 of the achievements are basically granted for finishing the game under certain conditions, so that leaves only 6 miscellaneous achievements which aren't very inspired to be honest: ""Open 50 containers"", ""Kill 15 moles"", ..."
,Recommended,232750,10803840,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Flashy Slashy,"If Bioware had a miscarriage before Mass Effect this would be the result.Really fun RPG with an interesting combat system and a nice and rich story.Graphics are not very good, the textures are low res and some areas have very few details.Some mechanics are really annoying: same button for multiple actions, no auto-pickup, ""micro-cutscene"" for every door you open/every ladder you climb.Would buy 2nd part if they ever made one.7/10"
76561198046565259,Recommended,232750,7941546,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Skull Leader V1,"I have been pleasantly surprised so far. It has a skill tree similar to Witcher 2 with the same evasion and block system (which is a plus to me as I loved Witcher), decent voice acting and good action. The exploration is pretty good and combat is fluid and easy to kick♥♥♥♥♥after a while.My two biggest complaints:1) You'll take out a bunch of bad guys whose bodies will be laying there, shown holding a weapon, but you can't take it. I really don't care, but to some this is a deal breaker.2) The tutorials and in game tips are entirley for controller, and you have no active keyboard help (also liveable).Otherwise the storyline has been engaging, keeping me wanting to play more and I've found myself enjoying the game throughly. Get it on sale and you should be happy, I paid $4.99 for it, definitley worth it. Regulalry $19.99, unless you're a huge fan of a this type of game I would wait for a sale again.4/5"
76561197972904637,Recommended,232750,32124944,Posted: 2 June,all,talgrath,"Make no mistake, Mars: War Logs is a very flawed game.  The graphics were dated even when it came out in 2013, it's got some bugs here and there (nothing gamebreaking for my playthrough), combat starts out hard and then gets easy and picking up certain paths on the skill chart can make you a practically unkillable god in combat...but for $15 (or less if you get it on sale) it's 10 hours of a decent enough RPG with a pretty intriguing setting.  If I had gotten War Logs when it first came out I would have felt cheated and I'm definitely going to wait for the price to drop before picking up the sequel (Technomancer) but I'd recommend it if you like Witcher 2 & 3 style combat and don't mind some rough edges in your games as long as the setting is intriguing."
,Recommended,232750,25009645,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,masteratt,"It is not the greatest RPG ever made, so if you're after only that, look past this game.However, if you're a fan of the genre, this game does have its own personality and charm. Look past the sometimes horrendous VO and the dodgy dialogue flow and there are characters here that are very interesting and relatable. Most scenarios also leaves the player with a choice (check the brackets in the following paragraph).An ex technomancer (one of the powers) who you play as, who has given up his past but is drawn back into it amidst this war escalating and for personal reasons (or you can not care about the kid).A companion who doesn't trust technomancers but overtime someone you can win over (or not).A general who is a great war strategist and is both honourable and dirty in the way he achieves his goals (or you can side with rebels instead).A woman who was ""rescued"" by her -what she goes on to call him as- her master, who went on to use her as a sex slave (you can take advantage of this yourself, or try to set her on a better path).So there's sprinkles of interesting stories and characters throughout that I've enjoyed. And all of that is put together by what I would describe as simple yet fun combat system along with conversation branching story and also gameplay mechanics feeding into your character (i.e: you can kill downed enemies for currency of the world, but it has negative impact on your reputation).So if things like that draw you in, you will be taken in by the game and since it doesn't drag on and is not padded out, the story can finish probably under 20hours (and I've tried to find every side quest).A lot of reviews have already touched on the crafting and what-not but I wanted to point out the above feeling of characters was what made it very fun and easy to make my way through this game. So for the £12 it asks for on Steam at the moment, it's to me well worth it."
76561198139695778,Recommended,232750,32899752,Posted: 27 June,all,SeaFoodAndButter,"Ok, I'll make it short and simple. If you only like AAA titles, this isn't for you. But at the end of the day, this game is a 7/10. The skill tree is cool and you can actually build a specialized character. The story is lack luster, and you will find yourself more interested in doing side quests so you can earn EXP so you can get cool skills. Honestly, after 20 hrs I wanted to stop playing because I got bored (I had to drudge through the last few hours of the game for a total of 29 hours). I was waiting for it to end.But, this is a good game. The hardest battle is the last fight, so that is fitting. Look, if you can buy this game for $10 OR LESS, you did good. I recomend this game. It will use up about 20 hrs of your lfe (if you're doing sidequests) and it is good. I say, its not a solid 7/10, it's more like a -7/10 because the ending is lack luster, but none the less, it's a 7/10."
,Recommended,232750,259804,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Skaery,"The graphics are not great and the game does have some flaws. However, for an indie title I was really surprised. The atmosphere and story are great, and the game has a decent lenght. The game mechanics and fighting works fine, and the game runs smoothly with no long loading screens.I completed the game a few times because it's a bit difficult to know how the trigger the various side missions, but I still had fun doing it."
,Recommended,232750,8067103,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,~♥Lewy♥~,"This is another case of ""you either love it or hate it"" best way I can decribe this game is a cross between Dragon age 2 and Risen... that mgiht not be 100% accurate but in my opinion it felt like I was playing both games in one. For me I really really loved this game...it did have its silly moment like at the beginning I think there was missing dialog for the character because you spend 60 seconds having a 1-way conversation with a shower jail♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ also the voice acting isnt spot on for some characters but I got used to it pretty well. Final problem I had was the game is of somewhat short in its story and it feels like it jumps past some important things. But overall I really loved it...I wish it was a bit longer though. Combat kind feels the same for each of the 3 type of enemies you fight (Yes there are not many varity but the game is a little small if you skip most of the seartching and side quests). I would recommend it if you like RPG games like Risen and Dragon Age 2~ c:"
,Recommended,232750,25646734,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,`ƁĪƓƓǛǸŜ57＇,Bought it on sale 75% off and for the price a nice  value .I enjoyed both the storyline and game play.Found the crafting and side quests to be somewhat like 'Lord of the Rings:War in the North' and many other RPG's.Also the ability to pick and choose your path and the storyline thru dialogue.  Played 2 1/2 playthoughs as I lost my main weapon by recycling it due to a wrong mouse click on my part which left me weak and unable to progress on Extreme.I could only load from 2 saves at a time? dont know why?! I had over 50 save slots and I was unable to load back and recover it.That was the only con I could think of not being able to go back and load a save when needed. So had to start all over once.Enjoyed the many women characters in the game along with the main character Roy.
,Recommended,232750,35048511,Posted: 18 September,all,SpaceCouncil,"For the sake of brevity..Genre tags:Action, Lite RPG elementsValue Proposition:I'd stay away at full price. Though, there is something here. It isn't great nor is it the worst. Mostly it's missed potential.BSERC- (Borderline Sardonic and Extremely Reductive Comparison): Being made the studio “Spiders” it's very similar to Bound by Flame and of course the the non direct sequel to MWL -- Technomancer, making this more of a novella.”Techomancer 0.1”Concomitant Exposition and SummationMars: War Logsis a melee focused, narratively driven game with some very lite RPG elements. Now, the game seemingly tries to do way too much and never really succeeds at any of them. But somewhere deep, very deep, in it's bowels lies some potential. Granted, it never shows it itself but you know it's there.The combat is very simple. It consists of regular attacks, guard breaks, counter attacks and rolls. Technomancy adds a modicum of depth but nothing that'll re-write the book. The roll actually feels a little like the roll in Fable but more loose. Allowing you to roll directly into the backs of enemies from their front. It uses a radial menu to assign certain attacks to shortcuts and to be used directly from as well. Additionally, it can used to have your party members given orders. Though I never found a reason to implement that feature. You can see it's clear inspiration from Of Orcs and Men (same studio) thoughMarsis much more action-based rather than the active pause with queue mechanics.Now, the environments are relatively plain. Granted, it's a barren desert planet. But the hallways and corridors are extremely closed in -- almost coffin like. I'd like to give the developers the benefit of the doubt being that it takes place on a Mars colony that the quarters would be tight and that that would be more realistic due to money constraints or whatever manufactured lore reason you can come up with but it seems TOO cramped. To the degree where it starts to impede gameplay. The camera is too tight, when evading it's quite easy to become stuck on the geometry. These are things that are easily overlooked IF the rest of the game was truly something to behold. Now, I do still recommend the game on sale when expectations are much lower. Because, as I said, there issomethinghere.There is also this weird Serum mechanic that acts as an economic barter tool aka money. I suppose the weird part is it also acts as the resource required to craft health packs. It reminded me of the ADAM economy within Rapture.ThatsomethingI keep mentioning may be nostalgia. This game feels like something from the early aughts. Thematically, it's quite similar to Red Faction or even RAGE. Albeit, it's not a shooter or even as good as either of those.The game has some very odd voice acting, it's really rough. Personally I think the game may have benefited from being text only. For 2 reasons: It would have allowed more time for the dev team to write better and more diverse dialogue options. Secondly, it would have likely cost a lot less to implement. Since we are here, I'd like to bring attention to the fact that the dialogue options/character interactions that are present sometimes feel very forced or don't represent the paraphrasing regarded in the selection menu. At times they don't seem to have almost any impact aside from a very few morenon-trivialmoments.THE GISTThis game is plagued with small bugs and glitches. A mediocre story and even more average combat. But thereissomething here. I just can't tell you exactly what it is nor do I think It'd be that simple to explain. Not concisely anyways. If you want to try out something a little off-brand/off-kilter try picking this up on sale.Follow my curation page for more."
,Recommended,232750,1700662,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,ChrisG,"Mars: Chris LogsDear Diary,this game isn't the best RPG but it does not have to hide. For the fair price of 20€ it's worth every Cent.The controls could be better and the PC port is not perfect cause of the XBOX signs. Not made for keyboard/mouse players.The story is okey. Many main- and sidequests, some of them were nice like searching for a serial killer.Good 7/10"
,Not Recommended,232750,17262834,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Whiteswart,"Single-player action RPG with 3rd person view, in the sci-fi setting. Very story-driven, that means NO for open world experience. But there are none good tale as well. Just a decent action part in narrow tunnel of somewhat ""noir"" agenda.In truth, game isn't all bad, it's just mediocre. But I'm freaked out by how it is presenting itself there on Steam: ""An Intense Cyberpunk Rpg On the Red Planet!"" While it is really telling about humans on the fourth planet, it is as far from cyberpunk, as me from being a wealthy man. And ""Intense"" means it is very short and linear. Not a good point to present for decent ""story rich"" RPG, you agree?I'm going to tell you about my experience with the Mars: War Logs, so there will be some minor spoilers. Sorry for that, if you don't want any spoilers - don't read any reviews on that game before playing! But I suggest you to look the other way, there are plenty of games of much greater value.There are many comparisons for this game to others. Somehow, Mars: War Logs are truly looks sometimes like Mass Effect or Star Wars KOTOR 2... But these moments are rare and second-handed at best. In other words, all what is that game going to show you - already been somewhere.Take a first act, for example: you are in the prison, and you're going to make escape from there. By stealing a train, for that you need some guy at generator, and some guy from the guard. And weapons. Funny, but ALL of these were in russian game Planet Alcatraz (2009), where you also starting at the prison, and gotta run out on the train. Only difference is what in Planet Alcatraz you can trust only in yourself in that prison, so you need to choose: either make yourself an electrician, or try to evolve in a guard - to get your hands on weapons and make ways to the train...Okay, I'm feeling I'm skidded away. Let's forget for a moment all other games, movies or books, in some way similar to our Mars: War Logs. Let's just look at it. For what gaming experience should we pay our money?Story? Well, it's sketchy. Bleak. At the end of the 2nd act you need to decide whoever party you'll side with. But truly, none of those parties are good choice for you. And, which is more - even that most affecting choice doesn't really changing anything for the player. Maybe except for the game achievement. But we know what genuine achievement hunter want all achievements, so he's gonna play for both parties. I suggest start with the Rebellion, and then for the General, it seems scheduled in that order by the game plot.World? Well, we don't really see Mars. Or participating in war, like it shows in the title. There are decent background, but it is absolutely static. In the worst way. Side-quests are about running from A to B, beating some guys, returning back. After that in point C appears some other quest person, and it's going further, to running to the D point - to beat or scare another bunch of losers. And the most annoying part is what sometimes some scripts aren't working properly, and you unwillingly skipping from A to D point, without even knowing what it was. Example? There are many, but side quests with romance line(s) are coming in mind first.As for visual part of showing the life on Mars... well, it's nothing pretty. No John Carter stuff there. Dirty suburbs where we hanging back and forth, that's all you'll gonna see in the whole game.Sounds are nothing spectacular too. Music is boring and forgettable. And voice acting... it's not That Bad, as some other reviews are pointing, but since all characters in the game are pretty obscure, their voices aren't really helping to bring them some personality. Pity on that.Finally, action part! Can you fight in this game? Yeah, there are decent battle system. You mashing people with your mace in the right hand and shooting with some nail gun from the left hand. Also you can cast some spells, like electric bolt, or stunning wave. Or you can throw grenades and mines. It helps in the fight, but, since the resources are scarce, you're still need to bash people with the stick. No power-chokes there.But then, combat part is decent, but not really good. It is imperceptible at normal fights, but bosses are turning everything down. They are too easy to beat. And even easier to be shot. There are only one out of the line boss fight in the 3rd sequence, where you meet some challenge for the boss. But alas! It's only because of it's health bar, other than that - same boring stuff.Synopsis:1) game is not original. Not in the scenario, neither in the action part. And over the most of all, it is treating you not as an associate, a hero of adventure, but strictly as a player clicking the buttons behind the screen. There are no place to dive, it's knee-deep at best.2) I can suggest you many games of much higher value. Even for the action part, which is the most satysfying in the Mars: War Logs. And I'm not talking about AAA titles, like Mass Effect or Deus Ex. If you are looking for well-written story where your actions are really changing something, try Alpha Protocol. And if you are up to the good trip, try Risen 2&3. And if you are really want a sci-fi story, there are a fine gem of forgotten games, Septerra Core.As for marks for Mars: War Logs, it would be 6.5/10, for the effort, and almost working scripts. It is almost a good game. Not worth buying though."
,Recommended,232750,23302118,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Pen Pineapple Apple Pen,"When I first started this game I said to myself ""Blah, another mediocre game, this is boring"", but strangely I found myself addicted after about an hour or two hours of playing it. To be completely honest I knew I'd end up liking it anyways simply because it's a sci-fi action-rpg, taking place on Mars in the future in some Cyberpunk-ish, Steampunk-like setting. The story is okay I guess, nothing special and super crazy like something you would expect from a game like Mass Effect, but it's... ""okay"". I liked it.What REALLY drew me in was the fact I could invest skill points into my character, the ability to also not only wear different armor and weapons but also modify them to suit your playstyle, which you need to find parts to do so. You can also romance two women in the game, I won't spoil that though if you plan on playing it. The combat is kinda' hard at first since you seem to have to dodge and roll around a lot to avoid enemy attacks, you can't just go in there and start button mashing because you'll get owned in probably less than a minute. Should've called this Mars: Enemy Dodging Simulator 2013. Also your partner barely helps you, if anything he's only useful if you plan on using him as a way to distract the enemy (at least I think so). The game is also extremely short, yes.... I beat this game in 16 hours, that also includes most of the sidequests, if not all of them. Crazy right?But anyways, there is a sequel (or prequel) coming out called ""The Technomancer"", and it looks pretty damn good. As for this game, if you plan on playing it just play it without any high expectations whatsoever, understand this is a.... I guess you could say ""Budget"" game."
,Recommended,232750,12368102,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,chopper [FD],"Mars, War Logs is a budget RPG. Has all the elements of an rpg (character development, central story with a hero protagonist, etc), except for the extremely linear level design and exploration. The world is divided into hubs, each with 3 or 4 linear maps with repetitive design and art - and this is the one and major drawback of the game.Otherwise the story is decent, with few branching quests, but with a strong separation between following a tyrant or a peaceful path. The characters are also believable and have a fair developed background with a few options for romance.Game runs well with no bugs to report. Graphics are average (think last gen console level) but the combat mechanics are solid and the gameplay is fluid.I recommend the game for player looking for a ~12h RPG with no grand expectation. You will definitely derive enjoyment from the game."
,Recommended,232750,34709871,Posted: 3 September,all,Arbiter Libera,"It feels comfortable to take a dip back into the ever-increasing pool of mid-budget RPGs that have been making a steady return since, well, pretty much last generation of consoles the entire part of the market was on a steady path to extinction. I can safely say I'm glad we got games like Mars: War Logs out of that course correction even if I'm not sure whether it's palatable enough for audience at large. Even genre fans. For reference's sake I would put Mars in more-or-less the same category as Game of Thrones: The Roleplaying Game and Of Orcs And Men which I reviewed earlier and liked both while finding them incredibly overlooked and underrated.So let's end the preamble and get down to it, shall we?While the game has a codex that details major historical events and general chronology that lead to current state of things all you really need to know is the following – we're on Mars about a century or so after a great upheaval following a period when Mars was essentially abandoned due to reasons and left to fend off for itself. Water is obviously scarce and terraforming is taking its sweet time so it became the top commodity. Organizations looking for water and managing it in general would eventually become Water Guilds. Story takes place in this wartime period where two of the largest Guilds – Abundance and Aurora – are duking it out in a straight up war with each other. There's more to it with with mysterious Technomancers who harness old technologies to essentially turn themselves into mages of the setting with powers like electricity, kinetics, etc who have their own angle, but I'll leave that for you to find out.Important thing is we open up in Abundance's POW camp where game pulls a nice bait and switch when it reveals who the main character is and I can't remember when was the last time a game surprised me like that. This one is maybe on me because I knew nothing about the game prior to starting it up other than it's genre, though. It was a good feeling to realize I was not, in fact, the whiny kid. Nope, we take control of Roy who is seemingly just another POW that ended up in the camp following some earlier raid and he has the great escape in mind.First act deals with getting out of prison and I think is largely a good representative of the rest of the game... albeit for both its positives and negatives rolled into one. We're talking tight quarters here and missions that take you back and forth across the same few levels as you do your stuff. Good news is game genuinely dispenses with annoying “kill X of Y” type of missions and even when you're [rarely] collecting stuff for others it's never a one-off deal, has story associated with it and leads to more later down the road where you might not see it at first. Also speaking of missions I have to say this might be the best part of the game next to its setting for me. They're varied and flesh out said setting, but they have this weird habit that will make you like them or hate them depending on which side of the street you're on – they present you with choices where you seemingly have to make a decision which isn't necessarily clear. For example, later on you have to sort out a case of a serial killer in Shadowlair and while evidence points out to a single guy, evidence you've collected yourself, at the end of the day it's you who has to make the call on whether to ice the guy or not. Are you in the right or are you killing the wrong person? That's up to the outcome and if you don't save scum your way there's quite a few of surprise like that where you may be taken aback.Rolling it back to gameplay a bit I think that's really Mars' sore spot in many ways. At its core we're dealing with a simple action RPG where you have a regular attack, block breaker, dodge and block. Simple, right? Yes. There's no joke at the end of the tunnel here because that really is all to combat. Now, don't misunderstand because there are a lot of moving parts here seeing as you have a shortcut wheel you can use. That brings a lot more stuff to the table – indispensable “throw dust to their eyes and confuse enemies” move that you get from the get-go and I frankly overlooked at first, gun you unlock and is your ranged attack for a good long while with limited ammo you need to manage, stuff like traps and bombs you can use to really turn the tide if used correctly and, which is no spoiler seeing as it's in the menu visible, Technomancy abilities. That's quite a nice selection and seeing that it's further modified/unlocked by using skill points you can actually customize Roy, who is otherwise a fixed character, to a surprise degree. There is even stealth in the game and while it certainly falters in later parts it is also usable far more than I expected it to be. This is by no means like Of Orcs And Men where you NEEDED stealth to even the odds, though.Issue with things above and game in general is that you can clearly tell production values weren't up to snuff and it was Spiders trying to do way more than perhaps they should have. Result is a troubled game with faulty camera and questionable targeting in combat where sometimes you'll end up swinging and praying you're hitting the right people fast enough so no one can sneak up on you off-camera. Some skills like “block attacks from every direction” are vital when it comes to staying alive, in my opinion. This general practice also extends to levels which I already touched upon briefly in a sense that they're mostly corridors and when they're not you're dreading one thing alone – re-spawning enemies. Well, that's not entirely genuine on my part seeing as I barely noticed the practice, but when I was forced to retread the same ground it became painfully evident. It's not helped by the fact enemies drop crafting materials and Serum aka currency you have nothing to really spend on seeing as this is also one of those RPGs where you don't want to buy anything ever because you'll find it or be given the good stuff. Mars lets you customize gear, by which I mean suits of armor and weapons, to a satisfying degree but it's also not really theory-crafting material seeing as you'll always have the materials handy and upgrades are rather straightforward.This same general problem extends to story and characters because you can once again see developers spreading themselves way too thin and going for a Bioware formula with what must've been a fraction of the budget. There are companions, but they're frankly more just meat shield distractions in combat to soak some enemy blows and outside of combat they sadly don't get many interactions. Innocence and Mary were by far the most developed ones seeing as you interact with them in early to mid parts, but latter companions you get are utterly forgettable. You can only have one with you at any time and maximum of three can be had in end-game. Some are better at combat than others, but I think there were maybe a handful of fights where they didn't end up unconscious. Greatest offense game makes as far as I'm concerned is the way it robs you of your well earned ending. No matter which route you take, and there are two, they lead to the same finale but interestingly enough not the same ending. Sadly, neither is exactly satisfying since there's no real boss at the end and you get your conclusion in the epilogue narration.Would I recommend Mars: War Logs? Hesitantly because I really liked it despite all its faults and there are many. Two persistent itches are general level of jank in the game that permeates every aspect of it and odd, oppressive feeling of an incomplete project that had to make some hard cuts along the way. Dubious VA doesn't help and visuals are what they are, but I'd say RPG fans with higher than usual tolerance should give it a go in order to experience an ambitious game that somehow against all odds still manages to work."
,Not Recommended,232750,1075829,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Timkins,"I'm not a fan of indie developers making epic-looking trailers that spice up their product.  This is a good example of a game that is supposed to look astonishing only to end up being a mediocre mess of good concepts that weren't fully fleshed out.The game gets repetative quickly as you're forced to run around the same exact boring areas.  The dialogue is scarce and full of yawns.  The voice acting is terrible.  The combat is interesting and actually quite enjoyable but still manages to fall short of being outstanding.Even the story is bland and nonsensical.  I tried to enjoy it but it was just so convoluted.  Oh, and the English sidekick that tags along with you makes me cringe everytime he speaks.Despite all this, I thought it was decent enough to finish.  Not that I'll ever touch it again afterwords.Rating: 3/5 (Barely)"
76561198051194674,Recommended,232750,14794496,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,felicia,"The pluses:- good story- interesting setting- generally interesting charactersThe minuses:- sometimes your character reacts in a way that you wouldn't have chosen if you had had a choiceI played this game on the easy setting, 'cause I wasn't super interested in the combat.  I did enjoy the advancement system, though, and every time I felt that I was getting bored with the location, I could get moved to a new one.  I had a really good time playing this and would definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,232750,2225122,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,ρоѕιтяои_,"Mars: War Logs is an action RPG from publisher Focus Home Interactive. I've only been playing the game for a short time currently but I absolutely love it. If you're a science fiction fan or like games that really pull you into the story, what roleplaying game fanatic doesn't right, then you will really appreciate this title. The game like its namesake takes place on Mars and you play as Roy, a renegade tough guy, who gets inadvertently pulled into an epic story of which I won't get into so as to potentially spoil anything for you. The game is played for the most part in a third person view as you navigate yourself through the environment. There is enjoyable combat and anyone familar with titles like the Batman Arkham games or Sleeping Dogs will feel right at home with the controls as the fighting consists of similiar methods of attack and counterattacks. The roleplay elements of the game seem quite deep as there are many skills and perks that you can apply to upgrade and develope Roy to your particular style of play. Graphically the game is very beautiful...it manages to capture that rugged futuristic cyberpunk style that so many people seem to love. Another thing that I really like is that it's one of those games that doesn't use many load screens. Most of the time the story transitions from normal gameplay to cutscenes then to combat and vice versa seamlessly. Also like any great RPG you have the ability to craft and upgrade your gear. So far I've only scratched the surface of this fantastic title but I am really enjoying it and can't wait to play through to the end. Highly recommended!!!"
76561198026392567,Recommended,232750,13090609,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Food Box,"Personally, I found this game very under-rated. I thoroughly enjoyed it. The combat system was fun to use and adapt to and can make your character look like a total badass if you've got it down, or a blind 10 year old waving a stick if you don't. Hell, maybe you're even a badass blind 10 year old with a stick. In any event, I found the combat very satisfying. As for characters, Roy (The protagonist) was great. I loved the way he sounds, his word choice no matter what option you choose, and just the way he lookes (having a main character with heterochromia just looks cool). I also liked the other characters and how you can influence them and converse. And as far as weaponry goes, you get a huge selection of makeshift, modifiable weapons and explosives.I can see why some people might have less praise for this game than myself though, it isn't a typical game like many of us are used to. It's not like any shooter here, and not even that similar to other RPGs like Fallout or The Elder Scrolls. Nonetheless, I would recommend this game to anyone looking for a good game with a good story, unique combat, and well rounded (and yet somewhat mysterious) characters."
,Recommended,232750,11755388,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,ZanyScum,"Because of some of the comments in the forum I gave this a try.It is good I did.You are on Mars without oxygen problems, colonized, more or less. Think of it as just a sand desert world and you get the idea.You are playing in 3rd person and you have during the normal game only one NPC in your party which always cares himself for his armor and weapon. You only decide the way they fight. I always put them to ""defensive"".The story is understandable and good. The side missions don't look like side missions, it is just so that you are in a situation and can do some things. So I did everything I saw which I could do because I WANTED to do it. There is no ""oh my god, another one of these side missions, AGAIN"", nope. You just play the game and see the story and do what you want.The fights are fair and sometimes you have to do them more than once until you get them done.But the fights are fun. (And there is a quick save, yeah.)You have to decide if you kill the guys or not, you decide after each fightYou don't have 1000 variants how to fight, but enough to not make it boring. And I just liked the different ways. Could not decide which one I like more, switched all the time.First attack with stealth for the fast first ""kill"", a bit of rolling and attacking from behind, breaking guards, throwing hand grenades and... ups, sorry guards, did I forget to mention the mines I put down in stealth mode before?After that a bit of magic, back to melee, win and loot.Then perhaps changing armor or weapon (that is all you equip) or upgrading one of the two.Or handcrafting some grenades, mines or ammo?I even had sex with one of the girls. Not like in Witcher, just so you know had it. And I liked girl even more after that.She is a bit weird but really nice. I like her. I am weird too, so everything is ok.And each time she asks ""can I do something for you?"" you remember that one time and think, man, where is the dialog option for ... you know? ;)It took me 15 hours to complete the game.Because the game is a bit repetitive after some hours this is really enough.I liked the story, I liked the fights and now, after the finish, I am contended.This is for sure not for everyone, and can't even imagine what people will like it,but if you can get it for cheap and like stories and fighting and just do not want toread a book today, give this a try. It IS worth it."
76561198017681447,Recommended,232750,24062695,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ferretsrule,"A nice RPG style game with some good and bad points, if I could give it a neutral vote I would, but when forced to make a choice I think I would recommend this game. I’ve nearly finished the campaign but doubt I would give it another run. This is a nice well written story but this not a well-polished title with a few good and ugly points see below.The Good; Good story, with nice voice acting (not amazing but good), well laid out level design which flows. Detailed background to backup story with some feeling of link to the main characters. Nice skill trees (3 of them) which nicely make you think about your next upgrade.The Ugly- Combat tried to be technical and give you choices but its very clunky and nowhere near as fluid as many modern (not always AAA titles) games. Tried to make you feel you have choices but is a very linear game with very few real choices. Some voice acting is bad.Overall I would recommend the game if your into your dark sci-fi future RPG’s but only if you have nothing better to get and it’s on sale, not for everyone but thumbs up from me!"
76561198046558774,Recommended,232750,30968356,Posted: 5 April,all,tomk1,"Worth playing twice.Cons: chapter 1 puts most people off, if you want to quit should download a chapter 2 start savepoint.Cons: POV camera angle is CRAP, there is no in game setting, but you can manually edit the setting making the POV perfectPros: I like the story well thought out, I like the fork in the story, hence 2nd playPros: The weapon armor self-upgrades are excellent, could spend hours looking into the best upgrade'Pros: The combat, the combat, once you can zap your enemy then you rule, so many options in combat, keeping up shield defence, kicking, weapon attack, avoid, shoot, trow grenade, all of it needed at times on the hardest playthrough.If you like RPG with great combat & good story its well worth it. -just get past the first chapter &( keep 10+ free skill points to use in begining of chap2) before giving up."
,Recommended,232750,14266958,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,proud homosexual,"""Mars: War logs"" is a great game in genral, and with some great factors leading me to give this game a good rating. But with its great upside, it has noticeble downsides with it. I will explain the pros and cons of the gamePros:- Enriching, diverse and great combat system- Fitting music soundtrack- Great storyline of missions, places and different attitudes in the people you meet- Great Upgrade/ salvage system within the world.- Nice volley of powers, tools and attacks during fights to keep the battle interestingCons:- The voice acting in the game is by far laughable.- Dialogue and writing is just not well doneBesides those 2 things in cons, which are some of the worst ive seen in single player games, it doesnt take away alot of the fun out of the game. I definitelly recommend this game.( 7/10 )"
,Recommended,232750,23075143,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Guntario,"This is a very good game. I played all the way through and found that the storyline was good, the graphics were a bit dated, the voice acting pretty meh, and the fighting a lot of fun. Definitely worth the playthrough. I can see myself playing this again in the future as a bad guy. Had fun as a good guy though."
,Not Recommended,232750,33895261,Posted: 29 July,all,fandrfa,"Mars: War Logs is a low-budget RPG that doesn't excel in anything. The creators added all necessary RPG elements in the game - story, crafting, romance, quests, skill trees etc. Unfortunately, all those elements are on the ""mmm, it was OK, I guess"" level at best.There is a crafting system. A very simple crafting system that felt unnecessary. I like crafting - Arcanum, Divinity 2, Divinity Original Sin, Gothic 2 - I spent hours in these game gathering components and experimenting with crafting. In this game you have simple rules about crafting and you simply upgrade your items by adding more elements then and now.The game has quests. And good writers can make really good quests with even the ""go there and bring me this"" formula. Arcanum, Witcher, Mass Effect, Divinity 2 - I still remember a lot of quests from these games. Mars War Logs have zero quests to remember.The game has NPCs. A lot of them. Well, actually, I'm not sure you can call them NPCs. Most of them are ""background"". They are on the screen but you can't do anything with them - you can't talk with them, you can't click on them, they are literally ""background"". It looks like this game has a world to explore and a bunch of NPC, but it only looks like this.The creators even added companions and romance in this game! But writing is a weak part of the game and right now I can't remember anything about your allies....I remember when I finished this game I asked myself ""What was that? Why did somebody create a game like this?""Mars: War Logs is just ... mediocre.Usually you can say about any game something like this: ""Well, [GameName]"" has an amazing story / battle system!"" or ""Quests in [GameName] aren't very good, but the combat system is great!"".But I don't see anybody saying something like ""Oh, remember Mars: War Logs? The [GameElement] in this game was so good, I really enjoyed it!"". As I said at the beginning of this review - this game doesn't excel in anything.Don't buy this game. It will steal your time and money, but it won't give you anything back in exchange."
,Recommended,232750,29008428,Posted: 4 January,all,ImaTarget,"This is  a great little RPG, do not let yourself be dissuaded by the reviews slamming the combat system. Is it a great or detailed system? No, but it is fun once you get a bit into the trees and figure out how you like to fight. I have a lot of fun dodging attacks and roasting enemies with lightning. It can get frustrating in the early stages if you stupidly run in a horde of enemies you can`t seem to defeat. But that is rare and after 2-3 attempts normally no problem. You need to learn how to dodge and vary your attacks a little.The worldbuilding is very interesting and the place feels pretty well thought out, though not really alive. The story is intresting enough and I wanted to find out more about the protagonists past and the world of Mars. The ending was fitting and satisfying with a touch of sadness.Biggest negative would be the back and forth running, there is A LOT of that. But it is not too bad since the levels are not huge and with sprinting it goes fast.Overall it feels a bit rough, it is clearly not a AAA Budget game. As it is not sold as such I do not feel this makes this game worse. Spider is definetly a developer I will keep my eye on."
,Recommended,232750,23907064,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,wbmayorga,"I was looking for a cyberpunk game to play and this rolled across my lap. There is a karma system but I didn’t see it come into play too much. The crafting system was a bit strange, useful but not exactly a game changer. The only real annoying part I can say was that combat took a while to get used to and the camera, even when locked on to an enemy, didn’t cooperate in a useful way. The world building was done well though and I finished the game twice wanting even more plot."
,Recommended,232750,8026930,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,harv,"MARS: WAR LOGSA budget action RPG that's at times an incredibly frustrating and unpolished experience yet JUST about entertaining enough to recommend.Rating 5/10The game’s flaws are many so that's where I'll start. The worst of these is the voice acting, it's terrible and the game would have benefited with just text. At times the voice work verges on parody, badly stilted and it makes you wonder if English was the actor’s first language.Not only does the voice work detract from the game but the writing doesn't help. There's a good story hidden away somewhere but you have to dig deep to find it.The biggest frustration however is with the combat, which is best described as the worst aspects of Risen crossed with the worst aspects of The Witcher. I played and completed the game on 'Extreme' difficulty mode which only highlights the problems, early on the game turns into a mini game of rolling around in circles desperately trying to regenerate health. The lack of weapon choice, a long stick with some additions doesn't change throughout the game but thankfully later on the technomancer skill tree opens up and allows for a bit more choice in combat. It's not perfect but helps break up the monotony of the combat in the first chapterThe UI and inventory system is also badly thought out, forcing you to craft one item at a time. On later levels you might want twenty health kits and have to painstakingly click through the system twenty times. Like Risen there is also no weight limit meaning you can pick up as many items as you wish which leads just grabbing everything. I had so many items at the end of the game that had no real use.Next up is the reputation system which is basic with what appears to be three different reputation levels, Good, Neutral and Bad. I hit the bad reputation early on and even though I killed as many people as I could I didn't go any further than bad. I'm not sure of the effects that reputation has on the game, I didn't notice any major changes to the way I was treated, the game says Merchants treat you worse but then Merchants aren't needed at all.So what are the positives and why I am recommending it? Well the setting of Mars is well realised and the background lore is new and fairly interesting. The fluff is interesting enough to read through the diary excerpts and information about the various locations and characters. It also moves along at a nice pace and just when one area gets boring it moves onto the next.There is something that I enjoyed; I just can't really put my finger on it. There's a lot of potential here and if we ever see a sequel and they iron out the various issues then it could turn into a great series."
76561198011965365,Recommended,232750,35216142,Posted: 25 September,all,Saint Aaron,"I was excited prior to the game coming out. Any RPG's that have a good story and provide a chance to learn about and explore a world sounds great.....that was until I played it. It seemed clunky, and fragmented with that 'Been there, done that feeling'. That's not to say it was a bad game but not really one I would have bought if I could go back and do it again. I didn't even finish it so honestly can't tell you if it got better. Go here, do that. Find this. Yes you can collect look to upgrade your clothes, weapons but the game overall didn't do anything to make me keep playing."
76561197990562257,Recommended,232750,25440638,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,BW,"This small studio has done remarkably well, despite limited funds and has presented a sci-fi RPG with a slight cyberpunk mood, that has gathered all the good elements from various genre blockbusters. The voice acting is solid, the story is interesting and the game mechanics work. The controls are good with a keyboard and mouse but better with a gamepad. The game has some short comings but nothing that is horribly bad. No micro transactions like you can find in AAA games. Cough... Deus Ex: Mankind Divided. You have side quests, you have simple controls, you have crafting and you have a good storyline, what more can you ask for? I personally think, the critics gave this game a low rating only because, it wasn't made by a triple AAA studio. This studio deserves your support and this RPG deserves your attention."
,Recommended,232750,24374014,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Cuyler,"This is one of those RPG's where:-You have to roll non-stop and kite all over when fighting multiple enemies. (3-6 at a time)-Your companion will ALWAYS die. Yes, in every fight it will drop to 1 or 2 enemies pretty quickly.-So you really don't have any companion or help in this game, luckily it gets back up after combat ends.-You can be fighting a mob of people or monsters and the guards/npc's will stand around and watch.-It's primarily a melee game, you get scarce amounts of supplies to make some bullets, that go pretty quickly.-The story is pretty straight forward, but a little boring. I didn't feel compelled to hunt out and do any side quests like you would normally do in most RPG's.-The atmosphere is what initially lured me to the game, I like sci-fi RPG's. and on Mars? What a plus.-Voice acting is awful, graphics aren't anywhere close to great, and the combat can be a little sketchy at times.Regardless of the flaws, this game had me entertained enough to finish it. It's short, especially for an RPG, but if purchased on sale, I would recommend at least giving this game a try.You will either hate it, or not mind it, but you won't love it. 6/10"
,Recommended,232750,29613359,Posted: 31 January,all,jcfra420,"I actually purchased this game, due to the fact I enjoyed Technomancer so much. Now after playing War Logs, then another round of Technomancer, I can really appreciate the advancements they made in Techno.A great solid story, the VA is ok, though some are cheesy. Your stuck with one play style in this one and this is basically what started the whole technomancer franchise.Spider is a really good studio, every game they put out seems to get a little more streamlined and they all have had really good stories."
76561198081371819,Recommended,232750,23356338,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Lycurgess,"I recomend this if you can get it on the cheap and are into rpgs/storys that are different.The game looks and feels really low budget or dated now, has lots of empty space and most NPC's are just set dressing.  That being said I played it all the way through to see what they wanted to do with the story and world they were creating.I enjoyed it"
76561198226175812,Recommended,232750,30005778,Posted: 18 February,all,obedienceandlove,"Mars: War LogsI recommend this game if you are a rpg fan, like games on other planets, like semi-open worldish games, or just want an average experience. If not, just past this one by.This game is like a decent group of ideas put together somewhere between Mass Effect and Red Faction: Guerrilla, but somehow still fell short either due to funding or time. This game could've been great. Instead, its just ok.It just feels like a lot of game is missing and under developed. Here are a few examples of my point.1)Too many things just happened that felt like it should of been played out or at least made into a couple of cut scenes. Like after the first chapter, you escape prison and by the time you get into town, the long war was randomly over.2)Some things are not really explained well like the different groups of water companies or how the leaders got there positions of power.3)There are also things that come have been utilized better like the romantic aspect of the game, or the morality meter, or even the crafting of weapons. All of these are good ideas that if used right can improve a gamers experience but in this game, they were all kind of just there.BREAKDOWNThe graphics are decent, the music is tolerable, the camera is horrible, the story is interesting but broken. The voice acting was actually pretty good. The game could've had replay value but the multiple endings are too similar to make me want to play the whole game over.Overall, the game was above average and is a decent buy when on sale @ 75% off, but I would even question picking it up @ half price."
76561198025907979,Recommended,232750,34644021,Posted: 31 August,all,Maloy20,"Spider studios has slowly become my favorite game studio over the past couple years. You see I'm an RPG lover, and they are taking a lot of their games in a very good direction.This game is not next-gen graphics or graphics that blow up your computer, instead it is an amazing RPG with an inventive and sometimes challenging(in a good way) combat system! Let's go into more detail!Mars War Logs has a very interesting story that unfolds as you play. It's less about the main character's story, but more about how he reacts to the stories of those around him, and you may choose to decide his motivations for such.Instead of a morality system it does something even cooler: Reputation. How you choose to PLAY the game gives you a good or bad reputation amongst the populace and affects reactions and decisions in the game. Instead of the game inserting itself telling you the most moral choice it lets you pick whatever side you want, and the NPCs of the game will instead judge you based on your way of going about business.It also has a crafting system that is very fun. If you WANT you can go this game without crafting, but you'll find it VERY difficult I think! Because their a strong difference between using a Steel Bar as your weapon and using a steel bar with an axe welded onto it!Resources gained from crafting were JUST scarce enough that until late game I was having to be very smart about what resources I chose to use and when ""Should I use it for this fight? There might be a bigger one ahead!""The combat system is simple, but made fun by the fact that you have limited resources to use AND that it is not easy. Most games these days you can just bull rush through anything with enough health potions, but in this game you are required to use some measure of thoughtfulness and tactics when overcoming groups of enemies(and your companions are barely capable of defeating one opponent by themselves so don't expect them to carry you!)The optional romances of the game impacted and contributed to the game virtually not at all so that's a minor hiccup!The world itself is interesting and tells you JUST enough to make you wanna know more, but never quite enough to quench your curiosity!I also wanted to know more about the main character, but the game maintains a lack of spotlight on him almost always using him to beam light on other people or issues of the game. I honestly wanted to know more about this multi-functional titan who decides the fate of something so significant!Either way I absolutely recommend this game if you're wanting a good RPG experience beyond mere hack n slash"
,Recommended,232750,33476290,Posted: 12 July,all,beermonkeybob,"Way back in the mists of time Bioware nade a game called Jade Empire, it was a linear story, psudo beat'em up. And it weaved an interesting tail with an engaging enough plot, basic linear game play, with a morality system tacked on and a sort of crafting/inventory system. This game is like that, but smaller, browner and with no real additions to the idea.So why the recomendation?It is fun to play and I got it on sale.I have compleated it on hard in 22 Hours, plus most of the side quests. The enviroment though linear is pretty and sets the tone nicely. I get the impression that Spiders spent lots of time on the art work, Roys face and just sort of glanced over the story, every other characters face and the bugs in the combat.When it works well the combat is fun. BUT when the game decides that you are going to auto lock on to a taget (No way to disable this) and the players attacks Glitch, having no effect, or decides to execute an attack that you executed just before getting nailed that results in your enevitable lovingly animated demise then it just enduces frustration.Not a great game but a pleasant diversion and an interesting idea. Might give Technomancer a go, once it is less than 10$."
,Recommended,232750,33906097,Posted: 30 July,all,Mr. Matt,"Intro Skip!I ran out of room and nuked my intro to make space for more info below.~SoundI've got to touch on this right off the bat. The game was made by a French development studio, and I don't know if they hired French people who can fake American accents pretty well, or if they hired Americans but French people directed them and misunderstood the correct way to tell the voice actors to deliver the lines. I don't know. However this went down, there are quite a few instances where a character strings words together where it's obvious there should have been a pause instead, resulting in the line falling flat, and there are other instances where there is a pause in a regular dialog line when it would make no sense to put one.........there (case in point).This is clearly subjective, but my opinion of two of the important female characters (Mary and Devotion) is that they are terribly cast. Okay, so Mary is terribly cast, but Devotion's voice and her appearance just don't work. If they liked the voice actress' voice enough to go with her, I feel they should have tweaked the character's appearance and expressions to better fit it. Mary is just awful, though. If you think I'm only talking about the sound on her, you'd be mistaken.Mary is the WorstI didn't plan on making a section on her, but I found Mary to be very unlikable when it seems apparent that the developer intended to make her the opposite. If you're wondering who she is, she's the odd-looking woman in the trailer. If you really like her, to each his or her own, but I thought she was handled terribly. The problem is that while other characters (including women) in Mars: War Logs look okay, she kinda looks like a weird sex doll. The vocal performance they wanted was naive, but it came off as just plain vapid. The writing in the game isn'tgreat, but there are some decent ideas. Mary's storypremiseis alright, and might have worked with a different vocal performance (could use the same actress with a different tone/inflection), a better visual design, and better dialog writing, but all of these aspects were done badly in my opinion, resulting in a character that just made me shake my head.Also, she's bait for Anita Sarkeesian and her crowd.Cyberpunk? Really!?Mars: War Logs is touted as a cyberpunk game. If you're familiar with what that is, I felt that this was possibly the least cyberpunk setting in a game that's ever claimed to be set in such a setting. A small number of characters have cybernetics, and it's just lightning powers - period. Technically, I suppose this game meets the barest of requirements: ""high tech/low life,"" because there are people in power with lightning abilities that come from technology, and virtually every character is ""slummy,"" but it all stops there.Despite being set on Mars, everything feels low tech. You fight using pipes and bones, and the only guns in the entire game are rigged nailguns that are slow-firing and semi-automatic. There aren't elevators, televisions, automated doors, turrets, cars, spaceships...other than the lightning powers and a few neon tubes on business walls (veryrare and not atmosphere-enhancing), there is virtually no technology being used in the game, both on the side of the scuzzy citizens as well as on the side of the military/government/evil wizards.I wasn't hellbent on getting a cyberpunk setting out of this game, but I think to advertise it as one as a major point of note on the store page is misleading. Here is thefirst lineof the store page's description, and the way it is exclaimed effectively makes it a tagline for the product: ""An Intense Cyberpunk Rpg On the Red Planet!"" Pffft.Story & GameplayThe game feels like someone wrote some strange but somewhat interesting sci-fi novels, then someone else wanted to make a video game, so they tried to insert a badass as a main character and give him his own story in that universe, being sure to give him the ability to use the setting's magic, etc. The lore/background information is a little vague and sometimes confusing (where did ""virtue names"" originate from and why?), giving so much tell-don't-show instead of show-don't-tell or both, if they wanted to be a bit heavy-handed. Hey, heavy-handed is better than leaving the player puzzled. Apparently (I'm using that word loosely, here), the game is set after a post-apocalyptic event on Mars, which is easy to forget at times, and there's just so little explained about that or Earth. I don't remember Earth being mentioned even once.There are mutants, and apparently mutations are caused by being in the sunlight, I guess? Maybe it has something to do with whatever the apocalyptic event was, but as far as I can tell, Mars' atmosphere/ozone or whatever are fine, so why would sunlight cause mutations when standard direct sunlight on Earth doesn't cause that, and Earth is closer to the sun?And why aren't there guns that fire bullets? Even the leader of the planet's most powerful military uses a semi-automatic nailgun that's rigged up and not even produced well. There might be old, lost tech on this world, but there is plenty of more futuristic tech which should have led to firearms and bullet production. The only thing Mars seems to be devoid of is wood and a bit low on water, so it's not a resource issue, and with all that tech laying around and already having nail guns, the idea of guns exists and there should be regular firearms.I got out of the prison, expecting to find guns other than nail guns, because the prison would have low-tech guns the guards could hand out for eradication of mole nests, etc., and if a prisoner snuck one out, it wouldn't be completely catastrophic. Nope. Semi-automatic slum-rigged nail guns are the most advanced firearm people use on the planet. This just feels really off. One might argue that the melee combat of the game wouldn't allow for better firearms, but I would argue back that I can fire single-bounce high-damage lightning at enemies with what equates to high mana regen, so at least having shotguns or pistols would make sense in the setting. One of the skill trees even had a few skills pertaining to guns and crafting ammo, so it could fit in just as well as lightning ""magic"" fits into a largely melee game.Events in this game are fairly few and far in between, with little happening over the course of the game. I would estimate that 45% of the game is spent escaping from the prison at the beginning, which is a waste of time, narratively speaking. I would have loved to have less time and resources put into the prison to make a shorter but still entertaining prison introduction and escape. If you think it can't be done, The Chronicles of Riddick: Escape From Butcher Bay does a good job with prison breaks and not taking long. Technically, yes, the entire game is one big prison break, but I'm referring to the individual ""pocket prisons"" you escape from numerous times in the game.Once out of prison, the next 40% of the game is pretty good, and possibly its best part, letting you see the normal oppressed society of the world and getting to do side quests that aren't prison shenanigans for a change. The last 15% is a very short third act in which side quests are piled onto you, pretty much all in one spot, they are quick to access and complete, but generally less interesting.Combat feels like a poor man's Arkham game, but it's still fun, and level-ups net you nice upgrades on a skill tree with some simple crafting for your equipment being optional. I played on Easy and could have gotten by with zero crafting and never used a healing item.ConclusionI'm about out of room. Off Steam, I played up through the prison escape and didn't like it, but playing it again here now, I had a nice time with the game. It's not great, but there's enough content that I enjoyed to overall have a positive opinion of it."
,Recommended,232750,17554351,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ANCRON,"3rd person, action, RPG with melee combat.You play as a Technomancer, a gifted individuals who are forced to go through hard training to master their force talents. Story takes place on planet called Mars, in time of war and poverty that followed soon after the colonization. Story is about different groups of people fighting for control over the land and resources.RPG element includes three character skill trees, perk system, weapon and armor modification and crafting of support, utility items (like medkits, explosives, etc.). You have a variety of abilities available, some allow you to enchant weapons, others protect you from damage like electric shield, some do damage or stun enemies like arc lightning shock, etc.You mainly use melee weapons, like metal pipes modified with different attachments you make with metal scraps and hardware found throughout the game. Ranged combat is really limited to one shot nail guns, grenades or Technomancer electric abilities. You can craft and place traps, that are useful if you're surrounded by enemies.There's decent amount of missions and side missions available, some have choice and effect element, so pick your answers wisely. Good amount of voiced dialogues. Reputation system in game was a bit weird, I didn't change from Neutral all game, though I didn't do anything bad, nor did I juice the downed enemies. Main currency in the game is pretty much human blood, as far as I understand, and was kind of weird.You can have followers in game, five in total, two of those can be chosen by joining one or other group of people, one is partially available and two are available pretty much throughout the whole game. Two males and three females as far as I could tell. You can romance females, if someone wondering, though there's nothing special, just hugging and groping.Visually game looks poorly, a lot of low resolution textures for 2013 game, model quality is bad, animations are poor, voice over quality is decent. Game has a lot of glitches, texture clipping, hovering objects, bad lighting and other sort of things that could be fixed in post-production.Overall game was fun experience, but lacked serious polish. Some missions were hilarious, I also liked typos in text that made no sense, and weird naming for drugs and nurses advice for cutting someone's jewels off. Don't know if it was intended, but apparently you can bed both female followers and then chose which one you like more."
,Recommended,232750,12484587,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Spoony Bard,Interesting little gem from developer Spiders. Nothing too deep and some strange design choices are a few setbacks. But the game has enough charm with its setting and an interesting enough story to keep a player involved for its 15 hour campaign.
,Not Recommended,232750,33101673,Posted: 1 July,all,HUGO BOϟ‏ϟ,"Combat mechanism is broken, I've never played any game with such frustrating and unrewarding combats. Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,232750,7295837,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Zael,"Even the NPC's are used as invisible walls. Everyone also always knows what you did, even if you eliminated the only witnesses. Tries to be a hybrid of The Witcher and Mass Effect but falls short."
76561198044479067,Recommended,232750,7918035,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,robbiezee666,Fun game but you better finish it before u take some time off for other games...the controls are not intuitive and this isn't one you can come back to in a month or two.
76561198030480161,Recommended,232750,30036307,Posted: 19 February,all,Eng. Redes e Pescas,"It is not a triple A game. The graphics are not awesome and the combat and mechanics are not top notch and could use improvement.But i just loved it.The world building is awesome, and i loved the enviroment and the story. If you are a fan of rpgs you might like this game."
,Recommended,232750,28930802,Posted: 1 January,all,Jalten,"This is a solid game with a good storytelling. If you like action RPG-s with good stories that's your game. There was a moment in the game, when I felt really touched. It is a very rare experience in an action RPG."
76561198032613157,Recommended,232750,25960400,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Bralin,"I took a chance on this, given the mixed reviews, and I thoroughly enjoyed the game.  Graphics were good, gameplay and story original.  Quite a few people complained about the repetitious fighting, but I thought it all made sense.  There was no fast travel going back and forth between one place and another, but except for maybe twice in the whole game, I didn't think it was anything really annoying.  I thought the whole thing made sense.I enjoyed the character development, and the story had some twists that really kicked.  Overall, GREAT job, I thoroughly enjoyed the ride."
76561198133596957,Recommended,232750,33130440,Posted: 2 July,all,Gentleman Revan,"Mars: War logs is a decent game, its just rough around the edges.Combat can be frustrating, especially early game, I spent most of my time rolling around like a Dark Souls character rather than using all the skills to hand. Once you egt the hang of it you realise that there is some strategy to it, you can't just run in mash buttons and be fine. But it can get repetitive. A couple of the boss fights are quite interesting, but also very easy to figure out the method to beating them.Character progression is pretty good, the abilities and skill trees are nice and you can feel a difference in combat after levelling up.The crafting is very limited, its more just making ammo and grenades than a progressive development as you'd expect, and by about halfway through the game you'll have gathered a stupid amount of crafting resources so you'll want for nothing.The main issue I had with the game was its length. I nailed it in 9 and a bit hours, which felt too short for the style of game.Overall, it was a good game, worth the £3 I spent on it (on sale), but don't expect too much from it."
76561198076757867,Recommended,232750,21441736,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Damyel,Though not as good as Bound by Flame in my option Mars: War Logs is still a solid RPG. It's short and the story is kind of bland even by Spider's standards but hey if you a fan of their work and can get on sale it's a good time.Verdict: Good game with a REALLY kick♥♥♥♥♥world. I'm looking forward to The Technomancer!
,Recommended,232750,25462268,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Blackface Boi,"A sweet RPG that doesn't offer anything revolutionary... But does it really need to?From what I can gather this is Spiders first RPG, and if that is true the pulled it off fairly well.Mars: War Logs is a prequel to the Technomancer and offers a good deal of backstory as to who the Technomancers are and what the war known as ""the Turmoil"" was.Personal rating: 7/10 damn good game for the price."
76561197989168299,Recommended,232750,23625209,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Delatore,"For a 15 dollar game, this seems about right. It's not AAA material, but it tells its story. There are plenty of technical issues to take wih the game, but again, for a budget game, you get what you pay for.The writing is heavily thematic and sometimes a little predictable. In a way, this game reminds me of a grittier, darker, knights of the old republic, but don't expect KotOR's polish. The main draw here is the world building and story. You have to look past the imperfections of the game to appreciate this, but it's definetly there.For the money, I'd absolutely recommend it, and I am looking forward to The Technomancer."
76561197995673871,Recommended,232750,22402456,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,bored222,"It's good. Read the other positive reviews.It is worth £12. It is a reasonable length without being mindnumbingly long (i.e. skyrim). Completed in 27hrs which is slower than most, but I like to take my time and explore."
,Not Recommended,232750,24625970,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,logan,"This isn't a terrible game, and the premise is pretty cool. Mars: War Logs does some things very right, but does far more wrong.The combat is clunky, with weird difficulty spikes. I didn't manage to pull off a single parry the entire game, though that was supposed to be a core combat mechanism. The voice acting is pretty good, but the dialogue is lough out loud terrible.  There are times that I can't even follow conversations because they don't make sense. (And to make it worse, the captions are often wrong.) The dialogue is so poorly put together that it ruins what would be a really interesting (if not wildly inventive) plot.All that being said, it was enough fun for me to play all the way through and there were only a couple points when the flaws made the experience actually unpleasant. If you can pick it up for a few bucks on sale, it's worth the 15 hours it takes to do a thorough playthrough."
76561198035713554,Not Recommended,232750,32211556,Posted: 5 June,all,GreenCree,"This is a very flawed game that I many people wont like, but it has enough cool ideas to keep me playing. The story is set in a unique post-apocalyptic setting, the great art design and story ideas makes it easy to ignore the rough character models and awkward animations. The world is what kept me going through the games' clunky and easily broken combat system, and the awful writing. I tried really hard to enjoy this game, and spent a great deal of time trying to decide whether to recommend or not, but with AAA games from the same time going on sale for similar prices, it is hard to justify buying."
,Recommended,232750,14392116,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Warrior Bond,"I just finished playing through the game and found it to be overall an enjoyable experience.  It is a Spiders game so you should go into it knowing what you're getting.  If you were a fan of their other RPGs (Of Orcs and Men, Game Of Thrones, etc) then you'll probably be able to overlook the simple combat and weird mechanics.  The Mars setting is unique for a game of this type, and the game is overall competent enough.  The voice acting was terrible but that comes with the Spiders brand as well.  The story was decent and had a solid conclusion with two separate endings creating two different final chapters.  The world building and the Technomancer idea is unique enough that it's worth checking out but be aware the gameplay is a little janky.  Hopefully their followup ""Technomancer"" will fix some of the gameplay hiccups and give this universe the game it deserves."
,Recommended,232750,9936636,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Lord Kane,"Nice little indie game that's surprisingly fun, if you adjust your expectation level. Combat is adrenaline filled, requires active dodge and parry--very much like Witcher 2--and you can pause, well not totally pause it but slow time to a crawl, if you've played Witcher 2 you know what you are expecting. The combat also feels akin to Kingdom of Amalur and Game of Thrones RPG (which is jointly developed by Spider Studios i believe). Crafting is rewarding and simple: almost every weapon can be improvised using various material you've looted or recycled from other trash equipments, and upgrades not only give a variety of customizable stats bonus of your choice, but also modify the look of the gears significantly.The plot and setup of the game is sort of refreshing--like Red Faction games, tossing in some Fallout's apocalyptic lo-tech touch. Only problem is the Dev's budget is low, so even though the graphic is alright, it's nothing special or impressive. This reminds me of Alpha Protocol, which resembles the look and feel of this game (only the levels in Saudi of course).If you like:--Witcher--Alpha Protocol--Red Faction--Fallout--Kingdom of Amalur--Game of Thrones RPGthink you can give it a go. Only takes roughly 20 hours to complete. Not a bad RPG game."
,Not Recommended,232750,24225941,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,TheKittenMilord,"Mars: War Logs is such a difficult game to review. On the one hand, I loved it with every fibre of my being, I was constantly reminded of when I was 11 or 12 years old playing KOTOR for the seventeeth time, the awe of playing a game that really, genuinely lived up to the promise of what a game could be, another world, a world that felt as real, or more so, than my own. The graphics are about on par with KOTOR, now that I think about it. But despite such promise, this game is not KOTOR. It is unpolished, hard to look at, and ends far too soon. The setting is probably the best part, a Mars torn by war over her most precious resource, water and split between humans and mutants used by the humans as slaves. We start the game a prisoner of war, and this prison camp is perhaps the most interesting area of the game, where we have to fight former allies and befriend former enemies in order to escape.Shortly after escaping, we arrive in a generic sci-fi lite city, whose corridors are no less restricting than those of the prison camp we so recently extricated ourselves from. This reveals a major shortcoming of the game, which is the level design, made up of corridor after corridor of cookie cutter enemies, and the game never comes close to achieving the scale the story needed. Another problem affecting the game is the voice acting, which though it has supposedly been upgraded from its launch state, is still in a dearly sore state, with voice actor's deliveries ranging from flat to... flatter. One sometimes wonders if the voice actor's  hired were actually fluent in the language spoken. And this is especially dissapointing because of how much dialogue there is in the game, you can easily spend around a third or so of the game listening to your companions or other NPC's and it can be grating to listen to sometimes. This is especially dissapointing because the written dialogue really isn't terrible so much as it is unsubtle, and at some points, at least before the dreadful third act, even good. While we're on the subject of story, it might be pertinent to mention that there are several companions you have the option to ""romance"", with all of these pairing being strictly heterosexual, and in addition, two of these companions are hidden behind specific story paths. All this really amounts to is some extra dialogue, and eventually, a ""sex scene"" between you and your partner.Combat is another area where the game lacks quite a bit, with heavily Witcher inspired hacking and slashing dominated by the tactical nuance of hitting a button over and over, and occasionaly hitting another button to break things up. Most enemies only need running up to and hitting over and over while the occasional enemy requires that you flank them and hit them, over and over. The only challenge comes in the early game, when you don't have a gun, and you can be easily overwhelmed by enemies ganging up on you. But after getting a gun, the game becomes a cakewalk, with the action devolving to a couple seconds of clicking and then an eternal sleep.Or not. The game early on introduces, a.... weird game mechanic, wherein after you mercilessly pummel and shoot your enemies, they don't actually die but merely fall unconscious and you have the choice to either drain their veins for extra currency and incur a penalty to your morality, or leave them flailing there, presumably to later get up and go home crying to their mommies. The morality system is a minor part of the game overall, with going evil giving you a general combat bonus and staying a goody two-shoes eventually leading to merchants giving you a massive discount, not that you'll ever really need it.I'll be honest, this review has probably seemed fairly negative, and for good reason, but the game has such ambition, is such a unique experience, that if you remember KOTOR, or well... KOTOR fondly, I really think you should give it a shot, sale price or no. I can't imagine very many others liking it as well as I did, but hey, most of the other reviews seem positive right, so who knows?"
76561197972258172,Not Recommended,232750,10861824,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,[Snizza] EyesofWrath,"Apart from the poor pacing and narrative structure, Mars: War Logs is an exploration of how lifeless you can make an RPG whilst using a decent-looking graphics engine. It’s almost funny, given that solid combat mechanics, decent visuals, and creative and interesting lore should give us something substantial to play with – it’s better than a lot of games do nowdays, right? But it’s the little things like the fact that NPCs are placed at either the bottom or top of every staircase (in the same pose) to stop you from being nosy if you have the audacity to try and interact with the world, or that the dialogue options as they are written don’t match the dialogue that is it spoken – in either text or tone, or that the first two characters we see are two NPCs that use almost the exact same character model, sitting next to one another and performing the exact same looped movement, synchronised perfectly. These things break any immersion the graphical fidelity serves up and leave the game feeling really half-baked.Not to mention the down-right awful voice acting in parts. “Sorry the dog attacked you, really…” is read as “Sorry. The dog attacked you? Really.” Who, in 2013, was overseeing the development of a game where such obvious issues are overlooked or left uncorrected? And what kind of society are we if we let these basic things wash over us in favour of ‘pretty 1080p widescreen’ and a ‘smooth feeling fight’?Really this all makes me seem more angry than I was when playing the game - I was mainly just frustrated by the multitude of basic core issues. The game's NOT a piece of crap! It's just average or sub-par in a lot of immediately evident ways. Mars: War Logs seems like it’s trying to be the love child of Mass Effect and Red Faction, but it’s as if the developers thought that the key to the success of an RPG is that ‘they’re set in a far-away place and you get to fight things’, rather than the IMMERSION that the RPG genre is famous for, and the reason that it was created in the first place."
76561198043424465,Recommended,232750,29937839,Posted: 15 February,all,Loc Dog,-SPOILER-graphics are great in my opinion everything ran very smooth epc Windows10Combat is difficult especially without a companion but even then it seems overwhelming based on the fact starter companions do little to nothing in combat and you have very little resources to challenge foesCrafting and Upgrades  --- are VITAL to your progression in the gameStory is pretty cool so far still stuck in prison...still in prisonMars: War Logs is not for the faint of heart. It requires patience and skill.if could rate this from a movie stand point it would more or less be an (R)
,Recommended,232750,28460726,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Aiiiiieeeeee,"Fairly entertaining game. Being older and indie it won't wow you with the graphic fidelity, but it does have a decent story and interesting skill progression. I really liked that they didn't go with ""Good"" vs ""Evil"" but two differing but equally questionable shades of gray. Gear customization was pretty good, but the overall variety of gear was a bit lacking. The fight system isn't too bad, it's nice that its more involved than ""hold block and click attack occasionally"" but at the same time it's not animation interrupt level fighter complex either. Overall I'd easily give it 3.75 stars out of 5 with the camera INI tweaks from the forums. Without the camera tweaks it's damn near unplayable."
76561198040167558,Recommended,232750,28849231,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TheRevanchists,"I spent almost 2 years contemplating buying this game. I finally did due to the Christmas Sale. Having completed this game, I understand entirely why reviews on this game, along with all of Spiders games are so mixed. There is a lot of good stuff here. Spider really nails the world building here, they establish their setting with expert command. the graphics are decent, the sound design is adequate, and the voice work is about 50/50 throughout the game. But that is the story of this developer isn't it? 50/50. The main flaws of this game boil down to mechanical issues. The Companion characters are utterly worthless in combat situations, the combat animations are clunky and akward, and the dodging and blocking does not always function flawlessly. The Stealth system is not good, and could use a serious overhaul.I did every nice guy thing I could think of, and never once raised my reputation above Neutral. I've no idea how to raise it, I overall enjoyed my time with this game, and will actually probably replay it again in the future, with that said as has been stated numerous times, some tlc and polish would go a long way. I recommend this game with a caveot. Buy this only if you can tolerate janky gameplay like myself. I played the game on Easy due to all the complaints, and I was able to tolerate the system as is. I've played worse combat systems than this by far, but there is no denying that this is not the best. Beyond the combat I have very few complaints about this title, mostly nit-picky things like spelling and level design choices."
76561198047659963,Recommended,232750,29894742,Posted: 13 February,all,croaker1,"I have to admit I love this game - admittedly at the time of writing I'm only 6 hours in and maybe my opinion will change? Unlikely, but I'll update accordingly - Maybe I'm easily pleased or have a greater tolerance of something a wee bit different? Who knows, but quite frankly for a £10 it sate's all my story telling and RPG nuances with very little issues.I've been electronically/computer gaming in some form or another for 38yrs (grandstand console to a mid range PC) and owned and played some of the considered classic's; Fallout, System shock, baldersgate, deus Ex and far to many more to mention. So arguable I've learnt a thing or two in respect to what I like and possibly what makes a classic tick? However all of this is subjective and has very little bearing on what someone will actually enjoy! ;-)I get it's not everyone's cup of tea. Hardcore rpg'ers and gamers in general tend to reasonably inflexible due to, lets be honest, pseudo high standards, but that's nothing new, so this game won't impress on soooo many different levels if you have this mind set.However if you're looking to play something a wee bit different that has a pleasent, yet simple mechanics, and has that good '80s/90's B movie feel about it - you know how hungry you feel after a skin full and are looking for that moorish comfort food. Chippy anyone? - you'll know what I mean and thoroughly enjoy this wee♥♥♥♥♥bitFor me this is a diamond in the rough. With that in mind, if this review (6 hours in) is some help in anyway I'm happy to oblige. If not? Fair game ;-)"
,Recommended,232750,29175264,Posted: 10 January,all,Shiv,"Mars Logs ReviewB-Budget Mad Max/Mass Effect Weird BabyTL;DR at bottom.Interesting beginning, follows another character rather than the MC. Tells a realistic, dirty life of a foot solider that can be related to in our world.Story/Dialogue: Story started out strong. Dialogue is can be a bit wonky, but its wonkiness can be refreshing compared to AAA by the book dialogue we are used to. One negative though is that some dialogue was written, yet not voice overed, makes the game look more budgety than it should. There is character relationship development lite. Mass Effect kind, but a very lite version of it. So yes you can sex your companions. Overall the storyline was average, the world created was somewhat unique. Plot twists were somewhat weak and predictable.Combat/Gameplay: Combat at first felt very fluid. That continued to the end. New combat elements were introduced but overall combat still was not complicated. Slight RNG in combat made it more interesting. I believe this combat system for an melee action RPG is one of the best I've played yet. The system of 'wounding' and 'stunning and the RNG makes for less scripted combat and more reactionary one.RPG Elements: Quests interweave with one another, if you help one character it might unlock a dialogue option for another. There are multiple ways to complete quests, some locked by other quests. In example there is a character that you can convince to help escape in different ways, with different outcomes for each. The tricky part is you do not know which is the best way, and some of the ways they might not survive at all. Makes for a deeper and more unknown decision making process that you won't know the consequences of your actions until later, very good system. Talent tree focuses on three different fighting styles, ala warrior/rogue/mage. But any good playthrough a player will dabble in all trees to get the strongest talents, which are a must, otherwise combat can be quite challenging as some other newbies on the reviews cry about the combat difficulty.Audio/Graphics: Audio was pretty standard, graphics  were suprising decently done for a BBBbudget game.  Enviornments were reptitive though.The enemy models and combat effects looked nice. Animations were fluid.Overall/End: A decent B-Budget game. Really an unknown game at the bottom of RPG barrel. Beat it in 20 somethin hours. Looking forward to playing Sequel. (The Technomancer) Graphics and some models were repetitive. Combat was the best aspect. Storyline was alright. I would reccomend it if you plan on The Technomancer.Verdict:7/10"
76561198174747730,Recommended,232750,25608600,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Basil_the_Brush,"Just picked this up as i heard some good things about it. Over all great game. The combat is not the best and at times its a bit clucky, but the story and RPG elements are good fun.Its not the best game you will play, but it is no where near to being the worst.In all i would say a 7/10."
,Recommended,232750,7343772,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,mini nut,$6 to rotate in circles
,Not Recommended,232750,34989395,Posted: 15 September,all,Wizza Pilla,"The game does have impressively written dialogue courtesy of Fabrice Colin and Jehanne Rousseau. I'm sure the game has more in store in terms of story and dialogue, but I cannot play any further. The camera makes me dizzy. I don't know why. First half hour of playing it and I'm already feeling nauseous. It's both a technical and physical limitation that won't allow me to play any further."
,Recommended,232750,21514661,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,azgoth2,"There's a lot of promise that isn't quite cashed in, but it's a pretty all right game and I had fun with it.The good:It's enjoyable, short enough to easily play over a long weekend (not much more than ~10 hours from start to finish, and I'd say that's a pretty good length), and has some replayability.The mechanics are solid, and generally work without issue or fanfair.The visual aesthetic is consisteny, and I think it suits the game's overall feel quite nicely.The world and backstory to the game--what little you can get from playing it--are great, and I really wish there were more of that.  The story is serviceable--interesting enough to keep your attention, but it doesn't exactly blow your mind.The bad:There's almost no variation between areas visually or mechanically, which isn't too big of an issue due to the length of the game, but is very noticeable.Combat gets tedious, since while the mechanics are solid, it often gets repetitive and you only ever fight five real enemy types through the whole game--and one of them quite rarely.  This isn't helped by the fact that some often-traversed areas have respawning enemies, which makes traveling around somewhat of a chore, since you do the exact same fights over and over again.The characters generally feel underdeveloped and oddly-written, and the voice acting for a few characters feels a bit weird (but this is generally not a problem, and Tenacity's voice acting is as good as anything you'd see in other games, all things considered).While the backstory and world of the game seem very interesting, very little information about them is ever given to the player.  I ended up with questions at the end of the game that I really wanted answered, and I really want to see more fleshing out of this world.  What's there is great, but it's very sparse.The tutorial seems to leave a lot of things out, and a few things regarding the control scheme are completely unclear.  Namely, how to unlock from targets in combat--I couldn't figure this out, so I just stopped using the lock-on all together.Overall: It's definitely not a BAD game.  But it's also not a great game.  It's definitely not a game to actively avoid (if it's on sale for a few bucks, I'd go ahead and recommend it full-heartedly), but I wouldn't say you should go too far out of your way for it.  It has a lot of promise but never quite cashes in on it, and I would absolutely love to see another game set in the same world that goes into much more detail about the world itself.I'm going to click the ""recommend"" button because I did, at the end of the day, have fun playing Mars: War Logs.  Not the most fun ever, but enough to justify the time I spent on it.  It's probably a perfect 5/10 or 6/10--average, functional, and entertaining enough."
,Recommended,232750,21889801,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Zelrokyz,"I bought this game a few years ago, tried it for a few minutes, then put it away again. I think it was because in the first couple of conversations the same character had two different voice actors doing different lines.Roll on a few years later and I thought I'd clear the backlog. Tried to continue my previous game - where I'd done nothing but beat up the fat man - and somehow I was transported to the Epilogue for the Resistance path. Free achivement! Rather wierd.Started a new game and was pleased to see the voice stuff was resolved. I'm sure I remember it being bad, maybe I am thinking of another game. Or maybe it was fixed who knows.Anyhoo, this is a pleasent RPG. It's not ground breaking, and suffers from being a 3D game that is strangely 2D (for example no paths cross each other at other levels), and it's far too fond of little invisible walls that stop you going into doorways and so on. And you can't jump.Graphically, it's not the best you'll ever see, but it does a nice enough job of depiciting a ramshackle Mars. In fact, the thing that annoyed me most was that you couldn't look up properly, so when you encounter giant cranes, towers and shields over the settlements you can't actually get a good look at them.Voice acting was great, and the audio wasn't bad overall.Storywise, it's a decent story, with a few marring jolts here and theres. There's plenty of side quests in addition to the main quest. The levels are fairly small, and quite linear.I liked the crafting system.Combat was fairly dull and it annoyed me that enemies respawned, although I did my usual non-kill policy. Next time I'll kill everything that moves and see if they still respawn.Overall, it was an enjoyable, if potentially forgettable, game, and I'm glad I went back to it."
76561197993626713,Recommended,232750,12382790,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,NailDive,"The Steam Christmas Sale will be coming up soon, so I thought I’d go and revisit some of the great games I’ve played in the past, as they’ll likely be coming up on sale again soon. And since I’ve had Technomancer on my Wishlist for what seems like forever, it’s glorious predecessor came to mind in, Mars: War Logs.Don't let the first half an hour of your experience with Mars: War Logs dictate your view of the game as a whole. It's pretty clear having finished the game now that the 13 year old intern with daddy issues wrote the script for the opening scenes, and fulfilled a lifelong dream of using every swear word he could dream up in his moment of glory as a developer. The rest of the game is superbly written in terms of plot and plot progression, and some of the moral choices this game forced me to make had me stressed and knocking back shots of hard liquor in anticipation of the outcomes they would generate. I can overlook many little things if a game can deliver this calibre of story and that tasty, tasty feeling of originality; It’s what I look for in and RPG, and it’s definitely what I got from Mars: War Logs. There are several points of divergence in the story, so before making any big decisions regarding joining factions, I highly recommend using individual saves so you can go back and experience them all if you don’t want to play through the early game more than once.The skill trees actually contain USEFUL skills, which is very nice for a change, and a lot of care has obviously been taken to only include things which will have a direct effect on gameplay. The only criticism I have is that if you wanted to specialise in Technomancy (and master every skill in the tree) you would have to bank your skill points for quite some time. This would drastically increase the difficulty of the game in the early stages because the story doesn't unlock that particular tree for some time, and then ends too soon for you to be able to generate enough points if you have spent them already. Perhaps this is intended as a lure to play the game through again? I am more inclined to think that it’s a slight oversight in the RPG/Storyline balance however, as the game certainly doesn’t feel like the story has been cut short to meet a deadline or anything like that. I rarely play caster-types anyway, and was having far too much fun beating up people’s dogs with a lead pipe to care about whether I could become mechano-Raiden.Melee combat in Mars: War Logs can be quite challenging (especially if you’re banking skill points), but has that satisfying feel of impact to it that all of us, even if it’s only subconsciously, look for in an RPG. Mars: War Logs also has a crafting system for weapons and armour, and it appears that Spiders have really thought about why it should be included, as they appear to have favoured crafting your own gear and upgrades to actual loot drops. Sounds logical right? But I can honestly say that I haven’t played many (if any) RPGs that have the balance so right when it comes to this aspect of their mechanics. It therefore becomes worthwhile, if not absolutely necessary, to collect all the bits and pieces you find buried in scrap piles throughout the map. I am also a massive fan of the way that gear is essentially made from junk, and retains that wonderful sense of poverty mixed with apocalypse.I’m assuming that because Spiders have done the bulk of their work for console, that the controls were designed primarily for controller use, but nothing was so far out of place that I couldn't adapt easily (and I am very stubborn about bindings). The only suggestion I would have made was that someone should have really considered how the game would play on Steam by making sprint, shift; and toggle map, tab. The levels aren't really big or detailed enough to warrant a giant map anyway, so possibly a classic action approach would have suited better?There is no colour. Post-war Mars is like the 1970’s version of Washington D.C in Fallout 3. If you can't handle lots of orange and brown, you will not have a great time. Despite that, there are some great (albeit obvious) screenshot-worthy vistas, and the environment is pretty much exactly what you would expect from a poverty-stricken alien planet. Being in control of the camera also nabbed me some funny selfies of Roy while he went about his dog-kicking and police-bashing.Mars: War Logs is a great example of a fresh, creative action story, and anyone who enjoys that will enjoy this. I have certainly paid a lot more for less in the past, and while it’s still on the pricey side at full price compared to games by the big publishers, it’s a definite thumbs up."
76561197986978115,Recommended,232750,23220967,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,RyuuOo,"Some side-aspects are slightly terrible, but mostly nice work!So that I ended really to like this very, very much!Very much better than their latest; Tecnomancer piece of garbage, when compared to this game."
76561198254539022,Not Recommended,232750,25475140,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,parabolalien,"4/10 - the game is pretty lackluster, to linear and the combat was terrible, the storyline was lacking any suspensefulness, i think they only reason i played this was to see how it finished. crap ending, the only good thing about this game was the crafting of melee weapons and clothing, but it was limited to what you could craft and wear, the graphics and gameplay felt like i ws playing on a ps2 game or a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of a ps3 game. i enjoy adventure games but this one is in the♥♥♥♥♥♥pile for adventure games"
76561198026494090,Recommended,232750,32792854,Posted: 25 June,all,Lorpselin,"This game seems low budget, but fortunately the gameplay doesn't seem to have suffered as a result. In a lot of ways Mars War Logs is similar to The Witcher 2 and 3 except slightly less polished and taking place on mars. If you enjoyed those two games, you will likely enjoy this one as well."
,Not Recommended,232750,21877171,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,UltimaCJ,"This is more of a 'thumbs in the middle review' since I can't pick it that option.The thumbs down is based on the full price of the product (14.99), I got this game on sale for $5 durning the summer sale.Pros:A good Mass Effect/Dragon's Age knock off type of game with a Sci Fi Mars theme.  I don't think I see many games based around Mars, with that, they did a decent job.Fast Pace CombatGood menu system overall for doing quests and such.Limited resources which makes the game feel challenging.Cons:The story was okay, but felt very rushed while a lot is explained it's own version (War Logs) of it's Codex; I feel the game should have explained this in a bit more detail.  Roy the main character of the story is still a mystery to me and a lot details wasn't revealed about him.  Wheather or not this was intentionally, he just felt empty of a character.As for other characters, except for the first character/party member Innocence everyone's story felt rushed.  Mary the other character is the only othjer one that didn't feel too rushed as her storyline was cut and dry.For other aspects of the story, it really felt rushed and while I could tell I was near the end, the final moments felt really anticlimatic.  Romance options are in this game but they too, are very rushed and other than a few dialog options, They're easily romance and don't build up to the point of snoo very well.  Wanna go out?  Sure? Ok that's that.Short game under 20 hours and VERY linear aside from a few side quests.Combat and such is cut and dry while there's a few tactical things you can do it's more near a button masher for most of the fights.  Sometimes hit detection wouldn't hit on enemies.Overall not a bad knock off of Mass Effect but there's a LOT of room for improvement.  If it's on sale it's an overall decent expereince."
76561198021757575,Recommended,232750,35055424,Posted: 18 September,all,Incipit Satan,Seems like all the tapes an that from doom before it went to hell!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,232750,35002692,Posted: 16 September,all,Arkas,"Liked the RPG setup: Young prisoner of war is sent to far off war prison camp, teams up with older guy, to plan a break out.The quests are unfortunately not challenging, and constistent (in my 5 hours of gameplay) mostly of running back and forth in the same area.The combat system is dull, basically an endless cycle of rolling away from shots and then landing exactly one yourself.You could also not interact with most of your surroundings (talk to various inmate outside the main quest etc.). This made it feel soulless."
76561198027914508,Recommended,232750,3830910,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,-GerR-Sleipnir,"Gutes RPG mit Schwerpunkt auf der story. Wer sich gern dialoge durchliest und gefallen an der strukturierten storyline findet wird diese spiel mögen.Außerdem gibt es ein alternatives ende, weshalb es sich sehr lohnt es ein zweites mal durchzuspielen.Das kampfsystem ist allerdings sehr eintönig geraten. Zwar gibt es skillbäume, wo man verschiedene attacken lernt, doch meist bleibt es beim stumpfen drücken der linken maustaste.Insgesamt trotzdem noch ein kaufwürdiges spiel."
,Recommended,232750,31344503,Posted: 24 April,all,Anyueater,"First off: buy it on discount. For around 3 bucks you'll pay,I definitely recommend it(and I can't think of a reason not to). Anyone who thinks this is a ""bad"" game or whatever clearly hasn't spend the little amount of time to accept its ways.I just finished the game on hard mode on my first playthrough and wish there was a second part of this. You'll get a very nice atmospheric game with a good story that will pull you in further,the more you play. There's surprises,good and bad moments and stuff that will move you in either direction internally. This is not a stagnant,predictable game that you'll play and forget fast. You can't go wrong spending this little money for such a potential hidden and unpolished gem.You start off in a dark prison complex with other inmates and fairly quickly get involved in your first dispute. I was a little underwhelmed by the visuals at first,but this cleared out rather quickly and there's some really nice scenery in the game. It's really atmospheric and there's enough occasions where you'll just want to press the screenshot button or just take a look around because you're imagining what it would be like actually being there. Don't let the very first impression turn you away.Combat is quite simple as a whole(mechanics wise),but feels very interactive and gives you options due to several features like rolling,blocking,counter attacking and quite an array of additional skills later on once you unlocked the technomancy skill tree. Once you get the hang of it,you'll get around enemies quite a lot and know what to do.Despite that combat and enemies (at least on hard or higher) can be quite difficult at times and you might have to retry certain fights several times. Make sure to save accordingly. It gets easier for smaller groups of enemies once you progress,build your skills and make use of the crafting system,but there's always going to be a challenge. Especially towards the very end where you'll face bigger groups of enemies that also consist of several types of enemies. There was not one part in the game where I just mindlessly ran around and got bored.Connecting to this,you have the choice between stealthy gameplay and straight fighting,but can also mix both once you feel it's appropriate. I felt a little overwhelmed in certain fights,but blame this on my lack of knowledge at first. Looking back,you really need to make sure you make use of the rather simple crafting system given to you. Not all,but most gear will have the option to be modified with different attributes(for example physical resistance,shock resistance,more life,more damage,bleeding effects,fluid regeneration,etc). This is further increased by the option to purchase character traits that expand modifying capabilities.Speaking of this,there's several character traits and three skill tree's to choose from and mix with each other. You can build and tailor your skills according to your playstyle.Character progression is variable and like in other games,certain choices will divert outcomes. You can be good,bad or a mix of both. You'll also get the chance to form different relationships with several characters and choose which you want to be accompanied with. This got especially important towards the end. You can really connect to the characters presented to you and it pulls you in.Lastly the voice acting is great. Like not even in my oppinion,but for a 3$ game it's outstanding. You'll see(or hear).There's more to talk about,but I doubt anyone reading this cares too terribly much. Try it out,you won't regret it. The game feels like a suit that's a little too big and pinches you in the♥♥♥♥♥here and there at first,but the more you wear it,the better it fits and you'll see that spending this little amount money was well worth the experience. You'll always think fond of it when you think back."
76561198014469908,Not Recommended,232750,9537750,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Viverlin,"first thing i noticed when I played the game was how tanky the movement felt, like trying to make a cube roll before you character actually started moving. but that didn't take out my hype for the game. sadly as i went on and on in the game i started feeling a little ""tired"" of playing it.The COMBAT -is not great, it was mostly furstrating on my part since counter attacks or parry seem to be a bit un polished, that and after a certain number of hits the NPC get a huge amount of invisibility frames even tho you can be heavily outnumbered with a worthless companion. you can die from around 3 hits or 4 and you will be simply stun locked to death. until you can upgrade your armor  and get some good weapons and a decent companion. then the combat is actually enjoyable but repetitive after a while.Quests - Quests made me feel more of a rat running through a boxed maze then an actual hero, the invisible walls and lack of facial expressions from the NPCs killed the joy of quests for me as i felt there lacked importance or emotion on what they were asking me to do. however there are 2 or 3 really good quests later on in the story.History - If you can go past the above then the story is indeed intresting, it actually makes you think of what decition you will take since it does matter and it will make the npc and other people help you or go against you. tho, as mentioned before the lack of character emotion makes the game feel so detached from yourself.If you see this on sale then pick it up. otherwise 14 seems a bit too much for me."
76561198036235772,Not Recommended,232750,13640510,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Inzababa,"just finished it, I don't feel like writing a proper review, I already did for for Bound in Flames which is from the same guys who did Mars War logs.Basically, all the bad stuff of that game is here in this game apart that there isn't a ridiculous boss in the end.It's not a RPG, it's an adventure game, there's so many things wrong with it but I won't bother.At the end of the day, it's still probably worth 5 bucks if you got time to kill, but don't expect to really enjoy yourself..edit: forgot to mention, you'll finish it in under 13 hours even if you do side quests."
,Not Recommended,232750,8209604,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Callomac,This is a very poor attempt at an action RPG on Mars. Don't waste your time or money on it.
76561198042383602,Not Recommended,232750,26028739,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,misera_mortem,"This game is really not what i hoped for. I'm really into playing RPGs a whole lot of time in my life.  I's really not worth 15€. If you want it, buy it at mayby 5€ in sale, not more.Pros:- It works fine, i did not encounter many Bugs. I fell through a wall one or two times, thats all.- Game mechanics are easy to see through. You get a short, but good tutorial.Neutral:- It's pretty straight forward. Except maybe three quests you get a point on your map, get there and quest solved.  If you like that - ok. I didn't. Well, you can end this game pretty quick through this, but thats not the point of playing I guess.- You don't have many NPCs to talk to. Some kind of the same point as the one before, but yeah...it keep everything pretty simple.- Graphics are ok. Its not so much a main point, but you have to consider for yourself if it matters.- It's short. I'm a really slow player, looking in every corner an speaking 50 times to everyone (which did not turn to some new experiances) and i needed 20 hours. Thats really not fullfilling.Negative:- The Environment. Its all the same. Everywhere. Everything. I mean, would it be so bad to build in something not Desert-scrap-metal-city like?- you need to go every way like 50 times to get and solve the main and side quests. This is boring. If you ""explore"" (and thats really not the right way to discribe that activity) a new map, for a main quest for example, you need to go back to the entrance by foot. all the way. Nothing new...- If you plunder anything you get the same, about 7, items. If you have a good stock, there is no way in plundering at al anymore. you cant get any special equipment or anything. Just trash to ""enhance"" your already maxed out stuff. Which is, by the way, one of the around 6 suits or 7 weapons you can get. If you exspect to get nice armor oder weapons - don't.- Talking to your companions is not worth the time. Their design is not really deep, nothing to really feel empathy for. (No spoilers here.)- Camera movement sucks. It's pretty slow moving an in my opinion really close to the character. If you don't look in the right direction, you're unable to for example pick up trash. or open doors. Plus in tunnels or any narrow place, camera stucks around on the back of Roys head. So nothing to see here- literally.- Quests have two types: ""go kill"" and ""go get"". Maybe with a ""go talk"" in between but yeah...that's it.I guess you have to play it yourself to see if the story touches you, but I'm a bit dissatisfied with what I got.This is not my mothertongue, but I hope you understand sufficient."
,Not Recommended,232750,26246127,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Knight Kin,"It's a very simple RPG, it's nothing new or inventive. The game just ticks what is needed in an RPG and nothing else which makes it a bore for someone who has played fantasic RPG's before. Therefore I'd recommend this game to anyone who wishes to try out an RPG. Just be warned that although this game does tick all the boxes, the voice acting is quite terrible."
76561198028678769,Recommended,232750,18168407,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Kyle,"Great little RPG from an underrated studio. Probably my favorite Spiders game, really cool art direction. Gameplay is so-so but it's better than the sum of it's parts."
76561198013328690,Recommended,232750,18333398,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,rasabt,"Mars War Logs is an crpg in the best kind of way: your living/playing a story.Like all Spider games till now Mars got an interesting (very) plot, setting, athmosphere and characters, while beeing ""rough"" in many other aspects.Spider games suffer from a very floating, rather clunky feeling combat-system; character-proression doesn`t feel very tight or balanced also; that said all Spder games are rpg-pearls.Mars. War Logs might be their best game up until now and despite the still strange combat-mechanics it`s a must buy for everyone who likes blending out reality and just playing a crpg like you would read a book or watch an interesting movie."
,Recommended,232750,7923306,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,SpartanS Rico,"It's a good RPG fit in a nice world, but seems like they got their budget cut and the end goes too fast and seems the game is to short. Still a must to play if you like RPG, hope I can see more of war logs!La verdad es que como RPG lo disfrute bastante y el mundo en el que esta ambientado esta cojonudo, lamentablemente se nota al final que le cortaron el presupuesto y se acelera mucho (es bastante cortito para lo que suele durar un rpg). Aun asi es un buen juego, pero sentiras que quieres más!"
,Recommended,232750,14007259,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Task Force 131,"I love this kind of game because they story line takes you inside and you think it is real (I have that feeling tho) The bad thing is the game is short, I finish this game on normal and it is taking me 13 house but I enjoyed all minutes I played.it is good game tho . only combat system is not that much good but i give it 8/10 .single player time  +12 hoursmultiplayer time  ???worth to buy this game with  14.99  price YES"
76561198045945234,Recommended,232750,33219550,Posted: 4 July,all,Maltavian,May not be everyone's cup of tea but i enjoyed playing threw it picked it up on sale for $4 felt i got my moneys worth.
76561198265364083,Recommended,232750,33161485,Posted: 2 July,all,Vaako Takka,i love the game of it combat it easy to learn and fun and also feel badass when making your weapon and give them upgrade it worhty to buy the game in my mind
76561198050330998,Recommended,232750,20357447,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Luxeterna,Love this game!
,Recommended,232750,20461995,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,zouron,"Mars War Logs is an interesting RPG, with a surprising depth to the characters in the story, whether they are enemy or friends and many of the decisions are steeped in shades of grey.However it is hardly a perfect game either, first of all the story is rather short the campaign barely feels like it has gotten started before it is over and the cast of characters are rather small and quite a few of them seems a bit random. As does the random encounters which are quite hard in fact most of the ""big"" fights are in fact easier than the random ones. Also the amount of equipment in the game seems rather limited and has very little to do with modern much less sci-fi concepts I spend most of the game running around with a metal pipe with what was basically a nail through it. Finally the biggest flaw of the game is it tends to forget to teach the player the consequences of using ingame mechanics, apparantly to be ""good"" in the game you shouldn't kill (do forget that we knocked the guy down with a barrage of 7 inch nail darts and several massive blows to the skull), however if you do kill you gain more money, when this mechanic is introduced it isn't explained that you just knocked everyone senseless up to know (except animals which you apparantly kill).On the up side the game autosaes quite often before fights so you can redo them, the dialogues are fully voiced and feel more natural than most RPG dialogues and the dialogue choices actually fit well with what is being said (I am looking disapproving at you mass effect) and there are sometimes everal different ways to handle a situation. the combat mechanics are solid and doesn't change wildly from one fight to the next with two exceptions, other than that the enemies mostly stay the same in terms of tactics while you gain new combat skills and improve your old ones.All in all I will give this game a7 out of 10.This game is a joyful little trip to a post apocalypotic world."
76561197984771375,Recommended,232750,12675440,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,GrimReaper,"From the first two hours of this game i can see its flaws. The voice acting isnt that great and the word arent in sync with the character's lip movement. The combat is solid, it isnt the best but it does the job. The story is basic and the skill tree and leveling up system is good. AI is pretty good but the cutscenes arent that great. This game isnt a normal RPG its different because of the 3 main things- Combat, Renegade, and Technomancy (I honestly prefer Combat and Technomancy but thats just my opinion) you can level up these 3 skills and it important because each one changes your gameplay experience.Combat- 3/5Story-3/5Voice Acting-2/5Skill Tree/Leveling Up System-4/5AI- 3/5Cutscenes- 2/5Its a game that is pretty good and i recommend it for anyone who is into RPG'S, i give it a 8 out of 10.Also its impressive that such a small company can make a pretty good RPG and you will get about 11 hours of content."
76561198033978802,Recommended,232750,17926176,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Phantus,What a gem this turned out to be.  I'm not done yet but it's been a terrific game so far.  Love the Mars colony atmosphere and story driven content.  A little too much MMO running and some poor joystick binding but all in all it blows my mind that I hadn't heard of this before I picked up in a pub pack for the equivalent of $3.  A lot of fun.
,Recommended,232750,17978605,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,yixuanda,I really like the story of Mars: War Logs. But feels like there should be more fighting scene. Too much collecting action using right and left click though it's fine with me. And I could not get the achievement of completionist. Recommend for those have plenty of time and like the story-type game guys. Because you really have to go through it for 3 times at least.
,Recommended,232750,14199581,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,- Ghost of Thoros -,"I finished my first game from Spiders.At first, I bought this game with other during a summer sale, then I left it aside: This autumn 2014, there was so many expected releases that I prefere to play other things, like blockbusters and big-prod games.When after their release some of those 'most-expected' games appeared to be expansive slot machines without real next gen innovation. I opened my list of old 'to-do games' and went to Mars.What I discovered there on Mars was not a 'game of the year', but remain for me an honest and original RPG, at a good price.+atmosphere= music, sound effects, artwork, dialogs, light and dust animations, levels and background are coming very well together. The game managed to get you the taste of this rusty Mars of Bradbury or mad-max like post-apocalyptic background.+scenario= Mars is an abandoned colony from an Earth who failed the terraforming and simply left his colonists/workers behind to die in the dust. Technology became religion (Mars of 40k), water became more valuable than gold and oil put together, and mutants are both superstitious slaves and relics of a mysterious first 'war'.. The main/side quests are making good illustrations of a rich background, unfortunatly without special revelations on it. (budget limitation?*)+Characters/dialog: morphing, voice casting, etc.: all NPC and allies have a particular personality, story and place in the scenario. Funny choices and dialogs. The bad reputation gives you some nice situation of intimidation.+RPG Inventory= which is not as complex or labyrinthic like in other RPGs (which are mostly fantasy RPGs and not SF), but fun and easy to explore and try out.+Scavenger/upgrade system: original and well designed+Combat system: not perfect, but I get the feeling of table RPGs when you have to think about all your stuff and upgrades and levels.- *like it was explained on the forum, they don't had enough money to expand the game like they wanted in the first place. Yes, there are too few bosses or real cinematics, some bonus like artworks to gain with achievements, and the separate Epilogues could had been more 'customised'. But the game remain coherent.- FOV: especially in fights and some maps, you have to choose carefully the place/corner of the map who you want to fight, otherwise your characters can disapear from the screen and get kicked by invisible enemies. (there is already a fix from the dev in the forum to modify the FOV)- too easy: especially with bad reputation (when you kill the wounded): you get intimidation which is nice, but also very quickly all the best upgrades for weapons and material (Difficulty=normal).- not very long (3 chapters) but can be replayed with a lot of side quests.IMHO:- if you like SF, RPGs and Mars, get curious and build your own opinion"
76561198007832656,Recommended,232750,14542691,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Nightwielder,The game is too short.  It's a little shallow but has a good story and interesting characters.  I would love to see a bigger version with more options in a sequel.  The Sci-Fi reality is really immersive and the world ideas are great.
76561198026892903,Recommended,232750,33483476,Posted: 12 July,all,Bijat,Decent RPG...technomancy is OP..without it u will have rly long fights...w8 for a discount
76561198004811809,Not Recommended,232750,29475103,Posted: 24 January,all,SyntaxError2600,"The game starts off ok but you quickly realize after the 2nd act you’ve seen everything there is to see.  The locations are not that big, way too much brown and you’ll spend most of your time running back and forth.  In the 3rd act things don’t change much and the fights start to get a little tedious.. Reasoning for this all they do is throw more enemies at you and the area in which you battle is way too small.I would give this one a pass."
,Recommended,232750,9535773,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Megahloman,"A solid action role playing game. Not excellent in any way, but decent enough to draw me into it's low key, nitty gritty universe. It has a lot in common with the Witcher school of similar games and borrows heavily from the combat system of it's peers, although it never reaches any heights. It gets you through, at least, and lets you concentrate on the atmosphere and setting, which are somewhat unique and interesting."
76561198316091781,Recommended,232750,33552854,Posted: 14 July,all,p.roychowdhury,"Buy this game just for the story. Very interesting. Just know you cannot button mash, combat is sometimes not balanced.Character animation is not that good, however environment looks pretty good.Nice RPG element with skill tree and weapon, armor crafting.Would recommend highly."
76561198324982766,Recommended,232750,33594484,Posted: 16 July,all,urdnot_wrecks,"I came to this game almost by accident; I'd decided to buy myself a copy of The Technomancer for Christmas, and decided to try this first, a game from the same company set in the same universe.  And I was very impressed.It's a low-budget game, but this seems to work well with the very down-at-heel story.  The characters are dirt-poor (in the first location, they're also dirty); they don't do anything as grand as Save The Universe.  Set in the Martian desert, the colour palette is all reds and yellows.  Crafting is very important; most of the items you'll need for this you acquire from rubbish heaps.  This and the levelling system both work well.The second chapter drags rather, with a lot of fetch quests; but things improve towards the end.  The language is strong right from the beginning, which may not appeal to you.I got the game when it was on sale, although, having played it several times, I'd happily have paid full price.  It's certainly a game well worth replaying."
76561198087822131,Not Recommended,232750,22388550,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,hebertiste,"I spent quite some time playing this game, and I really /wanted/ to love it.The world they've created is really interesting and cool, the character design is good, and the premise is fun. I like the level design, and the character levelling up system is unique and cool.But despite these positive points, the gameplay quickly becomes repetitive - combat, run around, combat, talk to someone, combat. The combat mechanics are a bit glitchy (maybe the controls would work better with a game-pad?), and when you're playing real-time melee combat, this becomes a big problem quickly.In the end I simply couldn't be bothered grinding through the quests to find out the rest of the story.If the same studio were to make another game, I'd certainly take a look, but I would be a little cautious before spending too many Ducats on it.I'm giving it 2/5 stars, and would only recommend buying it if it's on sale for a few bucks - even at the cheap ticket price of fifteen bucks, it's not polished enough for me to recommend.:("
,Not Recommended,232750,7444688,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Pirateguybrush,"I couldn't get into this.  The combat feels like it's ripped from an MMO, crossed with The Witcher series.  The writing and acting are no more than average, and the characters were uninteresting.  It's by no means broken and there may be more to like here (I've only put in 2 hours), but I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,232750,30364162,Posted: 6 March,all,goonMerchant,Wanted to like this game but as many of other have mentioned the combat is frustratingly poorly designed and clunky with the added problems of getting stuck on terrain and a bad camera. Didnt have high expectations but combat is such a miserable experience that I'd rather not play the game altogether. Cannot recommend this as there are so many better alternatives out there.
,Not Recommended,232750,9536889,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Cyclo1224,"story and art design aside...this game is a clunky mess...from the hit detection, to just basic movment it feels like it was never fully flushed out."
,Not Recommended,232750,7989649,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Dr Whistler,"Sorry, I've tried but I find the game dissapointing and frustrating.  I must be doing it wrong."
,Not Recommended,232750,13733826,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,deccan,Intriguing worldbuilding and a gritty story that doesn't feel overwrought or melodramatic. But the combat system is unpolished and frankly not fun at all.
,Not Recommended,232750,9686104,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,I'm Bard I'm helping,"+ awesome combats+ good graphicso I didn't like the story. It just felt weird (too short) and I never really cared for anyone in the game, not even Roy himself. But maybe that's just me.- every single area looked the same. Everyone. You couldn't really notice that you're, e.g. in a prisoner's camp- you're basically running from one location to another one the whole time. Boring.Anyhow, I liked the idea of a sci-fi rpg set on mars and if there's a sequel and the reviews are good, I'ma give it a shot"
76561198053893353,Not Recommended,232750,7914869,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,benediktsta,"The story doesn't have depth.Two companies,one good one evil with one ""wanna be hero"". Maybe idea is good but realization is not so good. The goal was obviously to create game similar to Mass Effect but it takes time and money.Complete atmosphere around game is sleepy.Repetitive combats and enemies are so boring. I think the idea of game was ""too big cake"" for developers.Rather begin from little project then if have success, go to bigger project and learn from the best (i.e. Mass Effect, Dragon Age).Graphic: 8/10Story: 5/10Gameplay: 5/10Total:6/10"
,Not Recommended,232750,7918724,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,eumaL,"This game is really mediocre. Whatever propaganda the publisher/designer wrote that you've heard about, it is a lie. I gave it hours of my time, hoping it would get better. It didn't. You might like the game alright - it isn't pure horrible, but overall I'd give it a 4 out of 10. Everything is unpolished and the engine is awkward. The ""freedom of choice"" situations are similar to a game you might play in the late 90's. It is pretty close to linear, though you get to make choices here and there that make subtly different outcomes."
,Not Recommended,232750,7916504,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Weeb Queen,"Bought this game on sale, still don't think I got my money's worth. Found the game very bland. Controls were delayed and the game felt wholely unresponsive. Average animations, boring personalities, terrible voice acting. Technomancy is a good idea, but is let down by everything else."
,Not Recommended,232750,7977804,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,N3rdB0t,"Horrible fighting system, worst $5 i have ever spent, not even sure if you would qualify this a game. Just take a knife and run it down your arms before playing this horrible STEAMing crap."
76561197996569815,Recommended,232750,11101442,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Cleretic,"Mars: War Logs wants to be a Bioware game; a sprawling epic with sharp and nuanced action-RPG mechanics, full of big moral choices, set in a well-defined sci-fi world. Unfortunately those kinds of games are really expensive, so we get janky-yet-serviceable gameplay accompanying us through a story that could've either used a few more or a few less edits, in a sci-fi world that was clerly well thought-out, although poorly communicated.But if it was 'Bioware big', it would blow most of Bioware's catalog out of the water. If you give it a chance to try, you can see the seeds of a fantastic game that just didn't get the care and money it needed. The end result is a decent enough game, worth picking up on special, but couldn't reach its potential."
,Not Recommended,232750,30181169,Posted: 25 February,all,MindCraft,"I really wanted to like this, but the weird combat made it unfun. It's slow moving and the story isn't good enough to put up with the bad gameplay."
,Not Recommended,232750,9554640,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,=Axton=,Painfully anoyying fighting mechanics are what ruins this otherwise decent indie rpg for me.
76561198057603008,Not Recommended,232750,10837387,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ed Boy,"I must have had my expectations to high for his game, the combat is decent enough to keep me interested, but the items and weapons you use in this are ... interesting not to mention you can find any of the items you buy from a person 5 minutes after doing so, but for the people that say the combat is a nock off of the witcher, i just dont see it. If it was anything like the witcher i would be spinning around from one end of the battle field to the next watching my helpless foes plead for mercy in a steel spinning blood raising battle, but this ... i killed and armored man with a pipe, and proceeded to beet down his buddies with said pipe while they attempt to shoot me and hit me with there own pipes. this game has an obsetion with pipe related combat."
,Not Recommended,232750,168578,"Posted: 29 April, 2013",all,*Junon,"Wasted potential. Every hint at an innovative gameplay element or a smart script is undermined by simply poor design. It might not look like it's going to be just a relatively straightforward clone of a circa 2006 cRPG, but indeed, that's all it is.It has flawless XInput support, runs stable and smooth as glass, and behaves nicely in a window. Those sum up the unqualified positives."
76561197989870901,Not Recommended,232750,1239452,"Posted: 29 April, 2013",all,ahk,"This game starts great, but as it progresses its quality diminshes substantially. At the end, you are running down tunnel after tunnel only hoping that the god-awful plot will improve, because it was kind of fun at the end. Oh, and the best weapon you get in a futuristic RPG is a steel bar. In fact, the only weapon is the bar. Really, guys??"
,Recommended,232750,3194864,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Windy*City*GaMinG,"Not bad at all..There is a lot of ""run here, do that"" kind of business, but the story got me interested & running around doing the mission isn't half-bad. $15 or less is a deal on this game, story is there, can't rebind the keys, luckily arrow keys are bound to the arrows, gameplay is normal, no re-play really..I'm playing it now,it's fun enough.."
76561198028393902,Not Recommended,232750,7452646,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Exceige,"Mars: war logs. This isnt a bad game but it isnt particularly good either. It shines in the first half introducing a Sci-fi prison break sequence which is of great enjoyment but a tad long. During the first chapter you are introduced to a limited skill tree with either Brute or rogue as your choices becuase mage is left till you exit part 1. Story wise I actually really liked this game but the story left a longing for the epic backdrop painted in so many conversations. the war logs sounds like it should have an epic lore, but your left with a very mysterious character who never really gains a solid back story, in an environment that never seems to be more than a few blocks in the back of a big city. This man is trying to find freedom as a nomad rather than a techromancer, relying on his skills in combat to keep him out of trouble. The combat in the game was rather basic, assassins creed-esc parry, attack system, with crafting on the side. Overall this game is a nice pickup at a low price if your looking for a sci-fi rpg that is out of the ordinary. 5/10 Exceige"
76561198069894565,Not Recommended,232750,8890528,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Trishata96,"Basically, Good idea and beginning plot. BAD execution. Very Bad.Cons-Bad Voice Acting-Cringey model animation-Even more cringey plot-Side quests that do not give you much and any choices amount to squat-Enemies thrown at you are way too strong or numerous (they do this to you in the first level)-Lore is not well written or thought out.-Lack of real imersion or drive to actually finish the level, nevermind game.-You are attacked for no real reason, as if the dev's decided 'LOL that's throw in a random fight here for no rhyme or reason'Pros:-What Pros? I couldn't find any."
,Not Recommended,232750,283313,"Posted: 5 May, 2013",all,D R U,"If you absolutely LOVE dying and facing challenging gameplay (not because it's a ""good"" battle, or good anything for that matter) then I HIGHLY suggest playing this ♥♥♥♥ing absolute waste of money. For 20 bucks you're better off paying someone to eat your breakfast."
,Not Recommended,232750,2583890,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,[IVM]Hellbilly,"Such a pretty game. The story seems interesting as Hell too. Only thing I don't like so far is the movement/camera control dynamic.I had to change my review.As pretty, as interesting conceptually, and as good a try as it was... this game just failed to deliver anything of substance in the long run."
,Not Recommended,232750,9239118,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,BloodyThorn,"The game seems ok. Decent story line, little cheaply done. It may have just been me, but I found the combat insanely difficult and eventually got frustrated with it. I doubt I'll try it again. I couldn't imagine paying full price for this game, even when it was new."
,Not Recommended,232750,8757823,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Zerotime,"Before I will write a review, please notice my playing-time. How you see it is really low, because I cancelled playing that game!At the beginning I was absolutely happy about this game. It sounded so good: a RPG on Mars, every decision counts and an awesome story!Then the day came as I played it the first time. And it began to bore the hell out of me. First you see a cutscene without you are told where you are, what you do and why you do anything. This the most unsatisfactory thing in the whole game: missing information about anything. There are a lot of moments where you are just thinking: ""What did the developers just think as they were programming this? Let's do a game, which doesn't give the player any information! Just tell a lot about it and say it could become awesome!""The next point is something about the characters. I thought they would be awesome. Something new. And the developers deny that with saying ""Nope""! You will play a guy, just a guy, a normal human, without any special abilities and one of your friends is a boy, who isn't manly, but needs to become manly. I don't know what you readers think about this. I think it's so normal that it can't be believable that the developers actually did it.At least I will tell you about the spell-, skill-system or whatever it is. Some perks are really useful and will help you in fights, other are just useless. You can skill your melee or range abilities or you waste some point in sneaking (never worked for me, always got seen by guards with eyes on their back).I wrote a lot of words to tell you one thing. Don't buy this game, it won't make you happy, unless you don't need any information or a good story."
76561198040368617,Not Recommended,232750,9538377,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,grauntgront,"Awful, crappy controls and frustrationg quests, this game is very bad. it reminds me alot of risen 2, only worse far worse. if you are looking for a crappy rpg for cheap then here ya go."
76561198128590402,Not Recommended,232750,9543464,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Ånal-Kungen666,2.5/5 only good thing is the story and controls.
76561198015252531,Recommended,232750,9572442,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,mr. morse,"Mars War Logs is an enjoyable game and correctly priced at $14. In the 3 episodes and 10-14 hours of gameplay, you get side quests, character customization, and a decent storyline. Particularly, I enjoyed the references to Skyrim and other RPG titles throughout the game. I should say that I'm not comparing this to Skyrim, Mass Effect, etc.  If you're looking for Skyrim/Mass Effect scale, this is not the title for you. It's a great ""short story"" but isn't a novel. I will say that I enjoyed this game much more than XCOM:The Bureau which I expect had a larger team behind it. The team at Spider did a great job of establishing a mood, making the game fun, and keeping the pace up.If you're looking for a fun game that targets adult fans of recent action RPGs, you'll like this game. It is polished enough that I wouldn't classify it as INDIE and priced so that I'm not disappointed in the length of the game. Hope this helps./* Spoiler Alert */Don't add all of the mildew to Bob's meal."
,Recommended,232750,613703,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,AtmaVegeta,"Fun Action/RPG game.  Likeable characters and story.  I'd say a hidden little gem.  Not the best voice acting, but not a big issue."
76561197978409878,Not Recommended,232750,25451905,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,[FFN] WJ MacGuffin,"Great start, horrible, horrible combat scheme. I actually appreciated the story and crafting. But then I got into combat. Jeezy chreezy, it's. just. bad.Sorry, I don't want to sound too melodramatic. But the actual controls change in the middle of combat. Normally, W moves you forward and you change direction with the mouse. But in combat, the camera locks in one direction. The mouse does nothing. Many times, you cannot even see where you are going or where the enemy is! This doesn't end until combat does.Worse, you cannot go toe-to-toe with enemies. You *must* maneuver behind them or attacks don't work. Of course, enemies don't have the same restriction. You also cannot get behind them unless you roll away from them. (Yes, as in hit the ground and roll at an angle away from the creature, then hope you didn't roll too far and give it time to face you again.) They also turn around after being hit once. Every combat is the same: struggle to get behind it, hit it, rinse, repeat. Oh, and you cannot run. Or jump. And attacking with melee is a mouse button but attacking with ranged is a number key?It makes no sense and ruins what could have been a fun game. Please don't bother. Even at less than $4, it was a waste of money."
,Recommended,232750,26042682,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Trebutche,A surprisingly good game.  Dynamic story with choices and consequences.  If you have an itch left over from Mass Effect ten take a gander here.  It is well wort your time.
,Not Recommended,232750,24304776,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,FedEx,"If the devolpers would have put more time into this, it would have been fun. As is there are items without uses, side plots that just end, and lackluster gameplay. Environment is very well done, writing is ok, voice acting is horrible. I can't recommend this game to anyone."
76561198009139331,Recommended,232750,14952967,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,macmert,"Many people write this game off due to the fact that it's a bit... off... not refined or polished but it is not a AAA title so if you manage to overlook its looks, which is tad bit ugly, and somewhat clunky controls it is quite fun, the story is interesting, not to mention there are some twists here and there, there is rudimentry crafting and skill system, interesting... ish... dialogs and characters, so if you manage to get it for a discount price do so, I doubt that you'd regret it..."
,Recommended,232750,8055326,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Jack Ross,"Some parts of the game seem unpolished, but it is very intriguing and well worth the time and money."
76561198076495966,Recommended,232750,20961133,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,ModernUser,"""i was getting tired of drilling the same asses"""
,Recommended,232750,517370,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,apoisonedgift,Had no idea what to expect... was very pleasantly surprised. Excellent RPG similar to games like Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic.
,Recommended,232750,5692151,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,hellcat5,"I've watched game play videos of this, I watched the developer videos.  I decided, despite the negative comments about this game, I'd give it a shot.  I'm glad I did.  This game, while the controls aren't perfect, has a nice atmosphere.  I loev the art, the music, and the voice overs have their own style.  The voice acting is humorous, and enjoyable.  The combat, skill, and crafting systems are nicely made.War logs is worth the time."
,Recommended,232750,9571060,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,mike cesara,Yes I do recommend Mars: War Logs for every cyberpunk rpg fan. I couldn't stop playing until I finished game. Just a short break to get some sleep ;) Hope there will be sequel soon.
76561198089852863,Not Recommended,232750,10388152,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,cazzle87,"Poor combat system. story makes absolutely no sense. giving guns to prisoners, good idea. also i know its probaly low budget but♥♥♥♥♥♥game overall"
76561198023560921,Not Recommended,232750,13071589,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,caburnette83,"This game is not with out its flaws but once you get into it it is a fun experience.The flaws are as follows:Unreliable hit detection (more than once I died because a hit i clearly landed did no damage.)The voice acting is kind of atrocious (there are time it seems that the voice actors where just going through the motions and other time where they clearly didn't want to show up for work that day.)There is no real drive for the charterers to change motivation other than the script tells them to leaving you wondering just what is going on.There are side stories that go no where and you kind of wish they would or otherwise not be brought up.Some characters are amazingly well thought out but are poorly developed while others seem as if they where thrown together at the last minute to fill space.There are very few incentives to buy this game other than its kind of fun it really doesn't offer a whole lot but was worth  what I paid for it. I really wouldn't recommend this game for more than ten dollars. There is just to much that leaves this game feeling unfinished. If you are planning in purchasing and are wanting to know if it is fun, I can tell you that it is. I hope I have been helpful."
,Not Recommended,232750,17239301,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,modctek,"I wanted to like it, but the janky movement, terrible voice acting/writing and dated graphics were just too off-putting. It might have been OK when it came out originally, but there are better ways to spend your time."
76561198001267318,Not Recommended,232750,17972784,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,sorry amartisa,"No, Just no. Don't buy this (even in sale). Worst combat system I have ever seen, any enemy in medium has better stats than you and on easy they are just standing still doing nothing. If you have bought this allready, then just do the main quest line as a book. The only thing this game is good as is in story and even that is mediocare.Action game -> Crap combat mechanics -> Crap game"
76561198043404848,Not Recommended,232750,19435024,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Kickass,I never thought Mars could be so boring...
76561198077264217,Not Recommended,232750,17495662,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,walmartjesus,"the decisions in this game change nearly nothing, its short and i thought the ending would be intense and fun and it introduced new kinds of combat andtwo hours later the game ended with nothing fun nothing amazing, such a big world and so much exposition with little climax, i paid fifty dollars for it and was extremely disapointed, this game isnt the worst but even at its current price of 15 dollars i would reccomend getting it on sale."
76561197971663658,Not Recommended,232750,20226798,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,alkemmy,"I got it for pennies in a 20-game bundle, and its actually better than some of the games I was really after, but still one to doubt.  At normal price I'd draw a breath and suggest its not worth wasting time on.  It may keep you occupied, but it doesn't amuse or entertain. It's a bit clunky, there's a lot of scenery repetition, and only a shallow assortment of NPC faces, and uses a non-standard distribution of key assigments that makes learning it a matter of frustration.  But you do get used it its quirks after a trime, enough to realise its a simple, basic story that could do with a deal of creative input.  The game engine is used in many similar games, so its a bit like the Spiders company can turn these out at whim.  Once you have a game's coding set in stone, all you need do is change the graphics and presto, a brand new game.  Looks like that's what they've done here.  A game made for the sake of making a game methinks."
76561198020360167,Not Recommended,232750,20709113,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Destructo-Factor,This is by far one of the hardest games I've ever played. The reason for that is the game play mechanics. For example there were many times when I preformed an attack on the enemy and then tried to moved out of the way but then I could not continue moving  until the enemy performed a hit and I have died a great many times because of this. Your sidekicks are useless and you can only have one with you at a time. They almost without fail get knocked out early one in a fight leaving at time three or more enemies for you to deal with. As far as I can tell they are static characters with no way to upgrade their skills or weapons. This game will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off  be ready for thatThe story is okay and maybe you'll continue your character in the upcoming sequel and maybe they will fix the Issues that this game had. Also the game is short.
,Not Recommended,232750,17002319,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,King Vegeta,"Think a budget Mass Effect game with a mediocre story, clunky melee combat, terrible team AI & bad voice acting.  That pretty much sums up this game."
,Not Recommended,232750,19356134,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,[VIGL] Morden Kain,"Purchased while on sale for less than $5.  It is a rather quick game, only took me about 10 hours of game play to get through the game.  Heck, I did not even develop the Technomancy side of the game play, was pointless as it takes too long to cast anything.  The graphics reminds me of the game Rage.  If you are looking for a quick game to play through, then this is a game for you.  Otherwise, pick it up while on sale, as it is not worth full price in my opinion."
76561198089681786,Not Recommended,232750,18181590,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Psycho Mantis,"I would only recommend this game to the hardest of the hardcore RPG lovers out there, even then, i would be very aprehensive, I will say there is one sliver lining: the world and it's lore is fantastic. but otherwise it suffers in almost every other aspect, but take this as you will: I am going to continue playing."
,Not Recommended,232750,17964349,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,IssyLoaded,"Horrible game, didn't even bother finishing, barely played it for a few hours and glad to NOT go back to it. The bad combat system is the worst part. I kept finding myself facing the wrong way when trying to attack an opponent and can't get turned around quickly enough. When in combat, the sprint get changed for a roll button which limits your movement. The two together means I kept rolling to behind my opponent, then standing up and swinging into the air, while he turns around and attacks me from behind. When you are using projectile weapons, you can't actually aim; instead you set a ""target"" with your mouse wheel. Not a fan of that. Granted I am a FPS fan but have played a couple in the style of this game without having the urge to slam my mouse through the monitor. If your are a FPS person, don't bother. Go play Borderlands(s) or Fallout(s) or Bioshock(s) or Far Cry(s) if you like ""RPG"", or even Mass Effect if you are not into FPS. And to add to the sins of War Logs, you can't remap the keys; what ""modern"" game can't you remap the keys??? And the micro cut scenes everytime you open a door??? Enough already. This waste of money has already taken up too much of my time..."
,Not Recommended,232750,21694005,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Fictive Prophet,"It says I have 39 minutes on record of playing this game, so I guess 39 minutes is how long I lasted before I absolutely cracked up at the utterly ridiculously excessive amounts of macho in this game. The story and characters feel like they're written by twelve year old boys who haven't learnt to emphasize with other people yet and thereby percieve the whole world in soap opera-level extreme stereotypes. Posturing does not make you look cool, guys! It makes you look pathetic and terribly childish. Nothing about this game can make up for the meager story and gaudy characters. Fortunately I bought the game on sale and paid a suitably paltry sum for it."
,Not Recommended,232750,12438413,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Malephex,Clunky and clichéd.
76561198042588511,Not Recommended,232750,4860810,"Posted: 28 April, 2013",all,AND HIS NAME IS JOHN CENA DOODOO,"Terrible game, bad voice acting, bad gameplay, don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,232750,14251674,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,billbotics,"This game is extremely clunky. I normally really enjoy games like this, but the controls/action were a real downer. I might give it another go someday, but it really put me off on the first play.Cannot recommend, 3.4/10"
76561198007591540,Recommended,232750,9678820,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Soldier of Alindra,not a bad story fun combat but short game so all in all not a bad game worth the price if you ask me
76561198170817823,Recommended,232750,30748265,Posted: 26 March,all,Edward Blom (Trading),"This game was suprisingly fun to play, and i can't wait for a sequel."
76561197993526514,Recommended,232750,1469263,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Fiberfar,"You're Roy, a soldier for Aurora, one of the two guilds that wrestle for controll over the scarce supply of water on the red planet. Captured by Abundance, you plan your escape along with a fellow prisoner named Innocence. Along the way you meet the rag-tags of the slum, the underground resistance fighting for freedom and a power crazed group called the technomancers.Very enjoyable game, despite some of the voice acting being on the odd side. The world reacts to the moral choices of your character, and despite having no definite class system beyond three skill trees, the game has a high replay value."
76561198002127473,Recommended,232750,2091006,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,s55,"Slow starting, but once the story gets rolling, it's pretty decent!"
76561197992159417,Recommended,232750,14181849,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Apocalypse 1911,"Decent RPG, very linear though.7/10"
,Recommended,232750,15680987,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,NϜβΤeaℓοs,Good story.  Great gameplay.  Fantastic boss fights.  Felt like playing a post apocalyptic version of Arkham Asylum.
76561197970223624,Recommended,232750,16977195,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,z3rokarma,"If MST3K existed for videogames, this would be a shoe-in.  Massively ambitious, flawed in numerous ways but with a charm very much of its own.  Veers from cringeworthy awfulness (the romance subplot...) to moments of real poignance.  Whatever you might think of the execution, you certainly can't accuse the devs of not trying...Fingers crossed their next effort, The Technomancer, will have some of M:WL's more painfully rough edges smoothed off, and a layer of polish applied.  Fingers also crossed though, that there'll be enough outright weirdness left afterwards to make that game as strangely compelling as this one.One for the brave, the masochistic and the jaded!"
76561197994111006,Recommended,232750,17664045,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,hitesh_no1,Would give this game 7 out of 10. Very good game.Was a good game with a pretty good Dystopian story line.The Game is a beat um up kind of game with good combat fun and upgradable weapons. Guns are pretty weird in the game and limited to nail guns.Bad points are the game seems short to me and probably didnt last longer then 7-8 hours. I feel like it would be better if they kept going or made the chapters even more extensive.Good point story line was pretty amazing. Kinda reminds me a bit of total recall to be honest.The game was like playing a character out of a movie without filling it with to much narration.Would suggest the game!
76561198048202509,Recommended,232750,17951173,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,AL The Borlan,"I really didn't know what to expect from this, as I got it for around $3, in a bundle sale.It reminds me of a mixture between Diablo, Mass Effect, and Drakensang.The difficulty curve, within just the few 5 hours of gameplay has proven to be interesting. First bits of combat feel like a tutorial for the combat system, as if to say, ""hey, just go figure it out, here it is."" And then, you're kinda thown into a wall after the fist boss fight. I absolutely love that it only took me a few attempts to take out a ""technomancer"" with only 3 tries and yet, next stage of the story I've been put into a main sotry fight that pitted me up against 7 enemies and even with 15 tries, I haven't found a good strategy (mostly because I emphasized in stealth). (( I also had a few beers in me)).From what I have seen, the stroy-telling reminds me of old Lucasarts games directors.Pros:uh..... It feels nice to customize weapons and gear in a crafting system that lets you optimize to your playing style, so long as your playing style is agressive or defensive.Has one of those open-story types, where your choices have outcomes and consequences.The ""go fetch"" quests really kinda play into the story instead of being plastered on.  For instance, there is the oportunity to help a mechanic who's alegience is counter to your own, but you could do it for the possibility that he might help you later.Cons:Voice acting is ok... but mostly lame. The lead (as of 5 hours) sounds like Charlie Shean on an off-day, the narrator...... I like him, got that nieve thing down very well.Difficulty curve is wacked. I don't think on ""normal"" mode, where there are two higher difficulties, should be as aggrivating, instead of challenging.Very blan colorsConstant need to open doors for the next zone (they are skip-able in cinematics though)......If you can get it on sale, I would get it on sale, for less that $7.It's not great (,so far) but It is nowhere near horrible."
76561198027214361,Recommended,232750,17977747,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,lance2k2,Surprisingly amazing storyline that makes up for the average controls. WELL worth the purchase!
,Recommended,232750,18931566,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Faustian Jargon,"great gameplay, good post apoc setting"
,Recommended,232750,18885025,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Steveus_Bujesus,One of the MOST heavily underrated games i have ever played. I highly reccomend this game to anyone willing to play.
,Recommended,232750,18994009,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Tatann,Very nice action/RPG for fans of Mass Effect / The Witcher games
,Recommended,232750,20178773,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Yellow,"A 3rd person, post apocalyptic, sci-fi, modern RPG, only second to tittles such as The Witcher series and Mass Effect(back when it still was good).It has a similar combat feeling to that of The Witcher 2, the map design on the other hand is more linear and maze-like.The only real flaws this game has are its not so good voice acting and the story sadly feels a little short/rushed towards the end. But taking in consideration it is a budget game and not an AAA title, it is more than well done!It's few flaws are easily shadowed by a good story overall, solid and refreshing lore, interesting character development, and a high variety of customization and upgrades for both weapons and armors alike.For only 20 bucks(release price) is solid investment! And at a discount pirce it is a steal!"
,Recommended,232750,3828749,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,ReDBaKen9,"This game is a must buy, one of the best games I’ve played in a long time. If you ever have some money I seriously recommend getting this game!"
76561197993207089,Recommended,232750,7922166,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Lost Question,"interesting enough i guess but it feels ""ehh"" probably grab it when its on sale. maybe it takes off but the bit I played (pretty much the intro) combat was ""ok"" visuals where ""ok"""
76561198059630616,Recommended,232750,9576135,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,-=duko24=-,awesome fights
76561198007866915,Recommended,232750,9626390,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Dahaka,"Mars: War Logs was a pretty interesting game. I purchased this during it's 75% off sale and I can say that it was worth the money spent, but had I bought this game for full price, even at the low price it is already at, I would have felt a little bummed out, but not enough to really regret the purchase.The flaws in this game are few, but affect the immersion and gameplay pretty heavily. For starters, we have the most obvious issue of poor lip synching for the voice overs and poor voice actors. Now, I don't know about you, but when it comes to a game made in 2013, you'd think that you could at least have proper lip synching so that your game characters don't look like a bunch of puppets when they talk.The voice acting side of things in this game also comes with another tag along flaw of horribly bad dialog and just general sloppyness of a story. It has a nice twist in the beginning which is refreshing when it comes to your main character, but that is about it. The voice actors in this game were not refreshing however...and at times, even right off in the beginning they showed their lack of skill at voice acting. This could have also been a result of poor direction as well, which would be understandable, but it's still significant enough that on my first playthrough I was skipping the dialog just so I didn't have to suffer.Companion choices are obvious enough that you won't be surprised at all and the game does have you do a fair bit of running around for quests, which gets annoying at times, but not so much as to detract from the gameplay a whole lot. The game is extremely linear and I also felt that your reputation in the game meant all of♥♥♥♥♥♥when it comes down to it. My reputation was bad the entire time and it didn't affect anything I could percieve to be a detriment to my gameplay when it came to companion interaction or affecting the story. The only thing it did affect was that I couldn't get the companion bonus feat or the merchant price reduction, but that wasn't a big deal considering my companion was only good for distracting an enemy or two and that the game gives you everything in the game that you need. Vendors were pretty much pointless as a whole and the crafting system, while neat, was generally pointless as well as once you obtain the copper tube and leather outfit in the 2nd chapter you effectively have the best weapon and armor in the game.Combat is frustrating but fun, and stealth is a broken mechanic allowing you to typically take out 1-2 baddies before they notice you. Explosives are your friend and the blast power with the cone effect is really the only power I ever used since the shield and weapon powers take forever to cast.The best thing about this game is the detail in the environments. This game looks gritty and dirty and it's great.I was expecting more, but for the price I paid I knew that I wasn't going to be super impressed with it, however I didn't hate it and if you are looking for a cheap game to beat then pick this one up during a sale."
76561197987679832,Recommended,232750,9659545,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,iindie,Great story ... i cant wait to see what is coming up next ... the adventure is finely tuned and the coordination of story and action is interesting . There are a lot of leads that can take the story further . As games go these days this certainly was an enjoyable moment and i will keep on the lookout from the authors .
,Recommended,232750,11153876,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Conscript,"A nice blend of the Riddick and the Red Faction games with a touch of Mass Effect. Don't be fooled by the shots though, this game feels like an indie project. For that it's quite good."
,Recommended,232750,14039396,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Rowlaz,Loved it a bit more than I originally thought.
,Recommended,232750,16098656,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Dragon,"Even though it is far from perfection, this game is still great, you really can see how the creators tried their best.This game gives a interesting vibe of something between ""Mass Effect"" (atmosphere, followers, visual) and ""The Witcher"" (combat, upgrading skills, crafting items, choices where sometimes you are not sure what is right and what is wrong).... true, there are flaws, but still does a decent job.I would really like to see a sequel or at least a remake with bigger budget, because I think this game really deserves it.Overall, you shouldn't miss this game."
76561198037117890,Recommended,232750,18061135,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,karlpienaar,Really nice game.  Over 19 hours of good fun without a single technical hitch.  Not a stutter.  I think the theme is probably a little above the understanding of most of the negative reviewers.  The story is meaningful - no War and Peace but good enough.  The combat could have become stale quite fast since there is a low variety of mobs to fight but the progression of skills help pace the combat well enough to keep it entertaining.  I think if I had to sum Mars: War Logs up in a single word that would be it: entertaining.  Worth full price.  7.5/10.
76561198011141289,Recommended,232750,2691076,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,meydrew,Awesome Game. Awesome story. I only wish there was more! so ..... hey guys how about some DLC???
76561198076626233,Recommended,232750,6832733,"Posted: 7 May, 2013",all,-Prometheus-,Enjoyable game..nothing special tho....
76561197970934684,Recommended,232750,7297739,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Aetrion,"The setting for this title is fresh and original. It blends fantasy tropes with a dystopian sci-fi world.  There are a lot of really cool ideas here. Especially for fans of the Witcher franchise this game is a nice way to scratch that itch.This franchise has potential. Don't dismiss it because of bad reviews, the only thing this game is guilty of is not trying to hide it's limitations with retro graphics."
,Recommended,232750,8264193,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Karithay,"It would be quite a stretch to call Mars: War Logs  cyperpunk; though, that is what it is billed as. Once you get passed that and the voice acting (which vascillates between pretty decent and far less than stellar), you will find a very solid story about a hard♥♥♥♥♥that gains a following of broken people. Unlike many so-called RPGs and like many of the greats, your actions actually have meaningful impact on the story, not just in the way merchants may react to you, but in what quests will be open and who survives.The character growth is full of fiddly bits very similar to the Witcher series, but you can usually get a grasp on it. The combat has issues in terms of targetting, but the other mechanics they give you to work with play out quite well. Learn to evade and throw dirt, and you will likely do alright."
76561197989507416,Recommended,232750,8306582,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,AzDoom,"This game is a real game. It has been overlooked by many I'm sure, but it is a Martian based third person RPG with NPC interaction and a venacular that would make a bikey blush. 5 minutes into the game and you feel like you're watching the latest and best HBO TV Series. The fighting is smooth and arcade based, much like the Batman games and the graphics achieve that rusty Apocalyptic Martian atmosphere that just completely immerses you. It's also completely controller friendly so you can sit back on the couch playing it on you're 42"" LED LCD screen with full stereo 5.1 surround sound, if you have that kind of setup. Fortunately I do. :)Just don't play it if their are any kids around, or you may end up going over budget with the soup. Haha."
76561198059603160,Recommended,232750,9049368,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Konny,Good RPG
76561197987908891,Recommended,232750,9542993,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Norsefire,"A very underrated game. I did not finish the main story yet, but, already fell in love with this game. It bfings back the memories of good old days of Bioware's glory, when their goal was making an interesting story, not trying to please everyone with politically correct, PG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. And a first chapter brought back memories about Escape from Butcher Bay. But to be fair, this game has a bunch of flaws, 1) The graphics, I didn't mind them much, but they are definetely dated. 2) Rather generic setting, I myself am a fan of Dune-like postapocalypticish atmosphere, but I understand that some people may find it to be unoriginal. 3) Voice acting, and this is a big one, some voiceovers are decent, but other are very-very bad, to the point that sometimes it almost ruins the atmosphere. But despite all that I would recommend this game who wants to play a good story-driven, third person RPG, there's a few nowadays."
76561198028178478,Recommended,232750,9577801,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Joseph,i bought this game unsure of its worth but i have to say i got my moneys worth it was a game that made me want to keep playing to learn the in game story its fighting style was nice and no glitches at all the whole game ive play all those big hits and this game was more enjoyable than most take it for a spin you will enjoy it and its alternite game path give it that replayable spart so many games lack these days
,Recommended,232750,9601774,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,nwfonseca,"I actually really enjoyed this game. I would definitely recommend it. I wouldn't compare it to other games, it stands on it's own merrits. It was fun to play, and the story was good. It could have been amazing if it were more fleshed out in terms of role playing, but that is minor. At this point, for the price, I say get it!"
76561197970823082,Recommended,232750,10082992,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,arnaud-m.masson,Great game.A  bit too short.I hope there will be a new episode.
76561198000146392,Recommended,232750,11238890,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Singularity,this game is great you find stuff to build up your weapons and body armor and the combat is fun and fast paced I like it!
76561198002555025,Recommended,232750,11274379,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,JuanMastein,"Muuy bueno, medio lineal pero muy bueno."
,Recommended,232750,12068377,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Caboose,Mars: War Logs has a META score of 59/100 but most of the player reviews would like to differ with that and I would too. Don't buy this game and expect it to WOW your pants off with graphics and some cutting edge combat system because this looks like a small company (Spiders) pored what they could into this with limited resources. The story line and atmosphere are solid plus the characters are better then some of the of the crap the Big Developers poop out in there games... but they aren't perfect. This is a solid buy for $15 as long as you are not expecting a $50 game's quality.
,Recommended,232750,12299949,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Cryoreaper,"meh, is perharps the perfect way to describe this game. neither good nor bad.the good:- character progression- original story (kind of)the bad:- not that long- very much on rails6/10"
76561198071428272,Recommended,232750,12820865,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Del_Grant,"Not great, but not bad either.  Interesting skill tree system that pretty much demands multiple play throughs, action style combat system that can require a bit of thought/planning and cheesy B Movie voice acting that seems weirdly phrased until you realise it's translated from French.Picked it up at 75% off, played through once and don't feel cheated, may go back to it to properly explore the skill tree/achievement hunt."
76561197999746670,Recommended,232750,11590504,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,DDP Green,"My recommendation comes with a qualification:  the metascore is pretty close to what I'd give it, so don't buy it for more than $15.Overall, this is not a bad game.  Graphics and sound are both pretty good.  The story isn't groundbreaking, but it's far from horrible.  My only real gripes are about the controls and dialog / voice acting.From the beginning of the first chapter, this seemed like a promising effort from what I thought was an indie developer.  A few minor things, like stilted dialog, oddly-paced voice acting, and some weird collision issues niggled at me, but I was willing to overlook those as necessary evils of an indie game.  Then the second chapter started.  A single scene at the beginning displays possibly the worst voice acting I've seen in a video game -- you'll know it when you see it.  From that point on, I couldn't help but be painfully aware of every weird turn of phrase and every moment of odd prosody.Fortunately, the mechanics and combat are fairly solid -- the game never actively prevented me from enjoying it.It never quite rises out of the hole of mediocrity that it starts in, though:-Controls seem slightly non-standard to me.  For example, 'E' is only used to extract serum from and kill people.  In most other games that I play, it's used generically for object interaction.  The LMB does multiple-duty as initiating combat, attacking, object interaction, and NPC interaction.-With the exception of buying medkits, the economy is pretty useless.  Even at extreme difficulty, I never found a need to buy anything else.  Weapon and armor upgrades were always a side-quest or two away.-NPC followers are next to useless, so don't count on them to aid you in combat much.  They only seem to be good at distracting a single enemy for a few seconds before they're downed.After finishing the game, I learned that Spiders isn't an indie developer at all, but a French studio.  Which simultaneously deepened my disappointment in the lack of polish and explained my major problems with the game.  Whatever their budget for developing Mars: War Logs, the internationalization portion was inadequate."
76561198000152874,Recommended,232750,14960781,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Jet Nebula,"great game so far , i've just started playing and already I am impressed , I like the freedom of the game and the simple interface , great buy for the sale price ! check it out if you love sifi games with rpg elements. !"
76561198053334874,Recommended,232750,8012091,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Momentuminfinite,This game is so fun! And even though its story is wonky and has a hard time getting off the ground its really a pretty great game. Now if there was only more of it...
76561198035697655,Recommended,232750,10263553,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Elberik,"One of the best openings ever!  The entire opening cinematic is spent introducing a young conscripted soldier whose on his way to a POW camp.  At the last second another guy shows up- a Han Solo type character, HE is the guy you'll be playing as.The combat is well designed and the crafting/upgrade system that is one of the better one's I've seen.  The world design is superb, a great example of scifi.  I went into this game blind & I've thoroughly enjoyed myself.  I've checked the studio's other stuff- it's all great & original!"
76561197970978463,Recommended,232750,11149143,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Daylocke,"I really enjoyed playing this game. Bought it on a steam sale and I definately got my moneys worth and I plan on doing another play through of the game in the near future.I really liked the melee combat systems and how developing your skills, really helped the combat more interesting.I recommend this game"
,Recommended,232750,11237683,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Shadowborne,"I actually enjoyed this game quite a bit even though I generally do not like the constant ""run here, run there, run back over there, run over there yet again"" type of quests. The storyline was enjoyable and well worth the $5 or so that I paid for the game. There are some bugs here and there but I did not encounter any showstoppers."
76561197999352080,Recommended,232750,11346367,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,nomakdr,"This game was a very nice surprise. It is not very polished in some aspects, but overall the fights are always challenging (you never become too powerful, if you make mistakes you can die very quickly), the story is interesting with the second half of the game changing based on your faction choice (although other choices you make don't seem to impact the game on such a wide scale), the dialogs are good (although the voice acting quality is not always as good), the pace is consistent throughout the game. The game is not too short, either.So, all in all, I would define it genuinely good and very enjoyable."
76561198052619613,Recommended,232750,11379529,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,eggzzo,"Enjoyed the game. Purchased it at the regular price and don't regret it, only wish it would be a tad longer and perhaps allow somewhat greater freedom of exploration (though the most of the areas that appear throughout Chapter 2 are explorable from the get go).One of the common gripes I can see in other reviews is the combat system. It's much different from what I have seen in most other RPGs, and I would say that it's challenging to master. In fact the difficulty level of some battles seems to be quite inconsistent, as I don't remember having many problems fighting my enemies in latter stages of the game (except for a boss fight in the latter portion of the game, which featured a completely unique type of enemy), but some battles in the beginning were frustrating and at times overwhelmingly difficult. Groups of enemies are really, really hard to dispatch at first, and the companions that we have available serve as little else than a distraction. They don't ever seem to get any better as well.Character developement is fairly straightforward, featuring three skill trees - Combat (meaning melee combat); Renegade (ranged weapons and explosives, stealth, healing and a very useful ""blinding skill""); Technomancy (magic, sort of - this tree becomes available after the first chapter). I'm not entirely sure if they are well balanced, as a full focus on Combat with a few points here and there in the other two trees allowed me to be nigh invincible towards the end of the game. Combat is, in general, fast-paced and rather dynamic.What I liked most, however, is the way that the player improves their equipment. Crafting is possibly the only real means of improving ones gear, as both armours and weapons in their basic versions provide little improvement over each other. Their full potential is unlocked only by craftable upgrades. In fact, the main reason to acquire new armour or melee weapons is to get the ability to craft more advanced upgrades.Voice acting ranges from fine to downright terrible. I hear that the dialogue quality has lost a lot in translation from original French, and it does sound a bit odd at times, and some sentences actually don't make sense. Not a lot of that however, at least after the patch that actually included improved voice acting for some characters.The story is so-so, although hardly groundbreaking or surprising. That said, it had one or two unexpected twists before getting to a rather predictable ending.The general theme of the game is described as 'cyberpunk'. I would call it 'cyberpunk-ish' at best. There is little to no advanced/futuristic tech to be experienced, it just seems more like a dystopian vision of a forgotten space colony, whose inhabitants have slowly devolved.To sum up: I would recommend this game to patient people, who would like to try their hand at something a bit different. A pretty solid indie game, which you just might want to buy when it's on sale..."
,Recommended,232750,11472990,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,OosDaHouse,"So far I have only played an hour and a half of the game. What I can tell you is that the combat feels like a less polished version of the Batman games. You are given multiple dialog choices, that do not clearly show you weather they are ""good"" or ""evil"" things to say. Once I find a workbench I think the crafting will resemble that of games like Dead Island and Fallout.I am ok with these aspects of the game not being original because they are effective and audiences already understand them. I've been anticipating a game in this setting, I'm looking forward to seeing what else the game has in store."
76561198013758491,Recommended,232750,14369933,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,daskrieghuhn,"Excellent combat system, and grenades are just uncommon enough not to break it completely.  The writing is at least competent."
76561198044800567,Recommended,232750,17942687,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Slaughterthatguy,This game is great guys. Dont think about a second and just buy it and play with pleasure9/10
76561198040543861,Recommended,232750,18451891,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Leon_Carbine,This is a fantastic under the radar game that I would recommend to anyone looking for an in depth story and great gameplay
76561197991225772,Recommended,232750,15778215,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Crimsonspray,"Ok, its a weird game, the combat is weird, the dialogue is weird, the environment is word. Everything just feels weird. Will you like it? Yes you will. Why will you like it? People Listen to nickel back, lil wayne is one of the most popular rappers....the world is a weird place."
76561198029154604,Recommended,232750,17714334,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,archer_sn,One of the best games I eveer played. Music makes you want to hear it more and more.
76561198151603922,Recommended,232750,18134823,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,itsme_oncemore,Fun game good story combat oka graphics well its old but there oka 6.5-10
76561198158171462,Recommended,232750,18318256,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Dick_Kickem,Well there sure aren't many trees on mars
,Recommended,232750,10173525,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Zolner,"Mars: War Logs is quite an interesting play. The gameplay reminded me of KOTOR, while the overall story was unique and a bit refreshing. The equipment in the game is fitting, if limited. However, the upgrades are what makes the gear. I felt a bit limited by the linear story, but there was enough detail in the extra info to help flush out the story some. The dialogue was probably the worst part of the game, which did limit me from really -liking- any particular character. I also didn't feel that following a good/bad path really affected the game all that much.Overall, Mars: War Logs just missed the bar from being an excellent game. However, if you are a scifi/rpg fan, I highly recommend giving it a playthrough."
76561197970269249,Recommended,232750,10199092,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Lrrrr,"Went into this game with rather low expectations but found myself pleasantly surprised. Sure the script suffers from EASL syndrome and the voice acting is occasionally atrocious but the game still manages to entertain. Solid skill progression, challenging combat and a pretty good story where your actions have consequences. If you like flawed gems like Alpha Protocol or The Witcher (1) give Mars: War Logs a shot."
76561198112808832,Recommended,232750,10294915,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,sasserblaster,Realy enjoyed the gameplay though would've liked to see a longer game with more side quests. Also some of the voice actors could be greatly improved. I would like to see this game become a series.
,Recommended,232750,10594387,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Dixie,Wonderful game once you get the hang of crafting and combat.
,Recommended,232750,10775058,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ShadowFox74D,"So far, okay. Could have used a bit more polish. The customization seems like it could go somewhere, but I'm not sure how extensive it is as of yet. As I play more of this interesting action RPG, I'm sure my opinion will change in some way. Buy on sale, can't go wrong."
,Recommended,232750,10827428,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,claymann,"First off I'll get the problems out of the way. The game can be a little buggy but nothing show stopping. The mechanics of the game, how the fighting system works and so on, not perfect but I'm not all about game mechanics. Take a game like Jade Empire, it's flawed mechanically but there's so much more to that game, it's great fun. This game is very much like that too. Jade Empire, Remember me, games like that are more about telling a story and the RPG elements and game mechanics are there to keep you interested while that story plays out.I don't like Mars: War Logs, I absolutely love it. Good science fiction tales are hard to come by in PC gaming and this is very much one of them. I'm also gobsmacked that such a small developer was able to pull off so much. So for me it helped a lot that I went into this game knowing a fair bit about the developers, what they were trying to do and forgave the problems the game has because of that.Take a game like Skyrim. A truly epic game with a massive budget and huge team of programmers  and artists. Even that game has many problems but I adore that game despite its problems. I love that they were trying to create a huge open world and fill that world with enough content, that at times it felt like I was in a real place, really role playing my way through it. Mars: War Logs is trying to do the same but with a tiny fraction of the budget of Skyrim. The fact there were plenty of times I also felt I was in another place, really role playing my way through it is quite astounding to me.Bottom line, if you love a good Sci-Fi tale and want to be immersed into it, this game will give you that. On sale it's an absolute steal and a must have. At full price, I'd say you probably should avoid if this is going into a backlog to be played later as it will go on sale again. If you want to play it right now, the full price which is £11.99 as of writing this, I'd pay that."
76561198022959768,Recommended,232750,10920422,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,valium,"I am on the fence, but closer to the recommendation side of the spectrum.It is short, and the later game is a mess, but it has a strong start and the setting is amazing.Challenging combat is a real plus, if at times frustrating with you being screwed over by luck."
,Recommended,232750,10984773,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,xo,"Mars War Logs is what you would get if you made Fallout using the the game mechanics of Knights of the Old Republic. The game is fun, and has a few moments of really well done story. The Dialog is both really good and really bad, depending on the character. Innocence (strange heavy handied naming convention asside) Is a great character and the airy voice acting does wonders to enhance the character. The main character however is totally hit or miss, mostly because it's obvious the lines weren't read in order, so he reacts strangly or puts odd emphasis on lines.If you need a TLDR, the worst thing I could say for this game is it's a bit unpollished. There are no big bugs that I've seen, but the game's a bit short, thin, and mediocre, when compared to the Bethesda and Bioware counteparts that are the obvious influences. All that said It's a good game, with a good story, and I'm enjoying it."
,Recommended,232750,11240588,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,For Sale: Fortnite 20 Bucks,"Everything about this title is close to a triple A rating. Except the price, which is far lower and therefor makes it worth buying!"
76561198011696808,Recommended,232750,11265098,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,cassius,"Mars: Wars LogsDescription:An indie/rpg style game. Set on a post-apocalyptic Mars, your character is thrown into a power struggle between factions. The atmosphere sort of reminds me of a steampunky dune, complete with electric magic, sneaky face-whacking, political backstabbing, a bit of romance, and even asandworm!Pros:The atmosphere is interesting. Drab, desert-ish industrial themes, with little splashes of color or variation.The commerce system is simple, but effective. You can buy ingredients to construct upgrades to weapons and armor, or scavenge them from the environment.The combat system is different from anything else I've used, but easy to get the hang of. The first chapter is a bit slow, and gives you plenty of time to get your bearings before throwing you into the thick of it.The general plot and main characters are interesting enough, but some of the voice acting (especially for minor characters) is less than stellar, and in a few cases, downright bad.The perk trees are nicely done. Basic, but they allow you to tailor your approach to combat to suit your style of play. The perks come in three trees, Stealth, Ranged Attacks and Healing, Manual Combat, or Technomancy (magic). Each tree has a few tiers of perks that unlock as you purchase items in that string, and each perk has three upgradeable layers of effectiveness.Cons:The visuals are drab, and this can make it a bit hard to navigate, simply because you're visually bored.The side quests can be too vague. I had to resort to a walk-through for one in particular...turned out I had already missed my opportunity to complete the task.It's a damn short game. I took my time, and it only took me 10 hours to complete.The alignment system is janky. It makes some actions (ex. harvesting serum from downed enemies) obviously ""bad"", but it doesn't give you any direction or input as to how to navigate these choices or check your progress. I made ""good"" choices all the way through, and still finished the game with a ""neutral"" alignment, preventing me from taking advantage of the various perks attached to either of the divergent character paths.Overall, a good diversion RPG game, to play in between titles like Skyrim and Mass Effect. Maybe not worth $15, but I'd recommend buying it when it's on sale."
76561198039325335,Recommended,232750,11265725,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,iredx2i,this game to make a long story short is a great game its however short but its very effective in what it does provide i story with great gameplay
,Recommended,232750,11290031,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Kehrox,"Great story, did not expect this game to be this good that it is. 5/5 would buy again."
76561197990994295,Recommended,232750,11620990,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Lhetre,"The story is solid and offers several endings. Characters are not numerous but each one is so clearly identifiable you'll grow fond of them - big-eyed Innocence, candid Mary, general Honor, each one has a unique voice actor. Voice acting has been redone, and this is one of the best performances I've witnessed in a game.Combat needs some getting used to. At the beginning it's quite frustrating, but once your character has enough experience, it becomes much better. You have a melee weapon, a nail gun and technopowers, which are plenty enough IMHO, each one becomes stronger and stronger which is better than having numerous weapons just slightly or not different at all.I liked the post-apocalyptic atmosphere. The characters' faces and mouvements are really well done.An Indie RPG worth every single penny, kudos to a small developer."
76561198022804816,Recommended,232750,11908441,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Shem667,"A real little unrefined gem of a game. Never heard of it, the publisher or the studio before. Still it doesn't look or feel like some small indie production. Recommended for everyone who is interested in a gothic-in-space type of game, with a sinister atmosphere and an uncommon setting.Yeah, the end could have been more spectacular, but still its good and not a cliffhanger.Game Duration about 10 hrs. incl. side quests7/10"
,Recommended,232750,14966640,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Schwifty Rick,"I was hesitant at first about this game. It's worth every penny.The game is a mix of gameplay from Dragon Age and any MMORPG. It takes place on Mars, with 3 long chapters, and allows you to have one party member at one time. You only focus on your characters items and skills, the game handles the rest.The game takes roughly 8 hours, including all side quests. This has a moderate replay value so you definitely find yourself wanting to change your choices the second time around. There are minor kinks that need to be worked out, but not very noticeable.4/5. Great game."
76561197992571793,Recommended,232750,20040485,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,lordveldrin,"I have no idea why the description says its a cyberpunk rpg, there is not a single cyberpunk element to be found here, other than the desolated society. All in all, it is a rather mediocre action rpg, with interesting setting and background, which is sadly not explored enough to do justice. Story could do a bit of fleshing out and the characters failed to grow on me. Still, it was fairly fun while it lasted, combat is a bit on the clunky side but enjoyable. There is a laughable attempt at stealth, but dont bother... just dont... I would recommend this title only when you see it discounted. You can treat it as a warm-up for upcoming Technomancer which will hopefully be everything War Logs wasnt."
,Recommended,232750,2580172,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Shortlived,"The plot in the game isn't exactly captivating, and I found myself skipping the dialogue before too long; but the gameplay is top notch, as is the character customizability, the combat, and the difficulty.Your companion does have a bit of a glass jaw, and can cause some unfortunate friendly fire incidents, but the difficulty was relatively on par with a slight edge to it being ""too difficult.""Grab it if it's on sale, but don't pay full price for it; and do yourself a favor:  play it with a gamepad."
76561198036024297,Recommended,232750,4364063,"Posted: 28 April, 2013",all,ishkalafufu,"Quite enjoyable! Plotwise, not necessarily ""legendary"", but who says only games with epic plots can be fun? At the end, I felt like I was the main actor of some bad♥♥♥♥♥action movie. :P"
76561198055351807,Recommended,232750,5821838,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,HAzEyTRinity,"Looks great, plays great, and one fun RPG. gives the feeling of what mars would be like in the first stages of civilization. make the decision on this one on your own. but i like it."
76561198027009681,Recommended,232750,3755044,"Posted: 3 May, 2013",all,Peace Of Mind,I am enjoying this game a whole lot so far. I have read some bad reviews about this game which I feel are unfair. The only gripe is that the animations are a bit clunky and some of the dialog doesn't always make complete sense; however this has been on rare occassions.  Once you can see past that this is a very indepth story driven game with some very cool features. The graphics and sound are good. The combat system is very strategic. All in all this is a very good game. If you are unsure wait until it is in the sale. If you like indepth RPGS and are not expecting AAA then you will probably really enjoy this game. I think it is very polished except for the animations and the odd camera issue. Nothing terrible here. Pros outway the cons by a long shot. 8/10.
76561198029797218,Recommended,232750,3959848,"Posted: 29 April, 2013",all,Lorebass,Still in the First Area with the POW camp. i have to say this game is crazy fun and hard enough to really be able to enjoy.  Main quests get all these fancy markers on your map while the side quests you just have to fumble through and figure out what to do. quite nice that way actually.
,Recommended,232750,4307807,"Posted: 28 April, 2013",all,Brigador Lemur (SWE),"In the distant future, mankind has finally colonized the red planet that is Mars.But something happened that threw the entire planet along with the colonists into chaos and now water has become the most valuable and sought after resource, a few companies are starting wars over this resource.Now it is nearly a century after the cataclysmic event and you play as Roy, a renegade who has spent some time at a prisoner of war camp when the arrival of a new prisoner by the name of Innocence changes everything for him.After saving Innocence from a rather nasty fate in the showers, he agrees to help Roy with escaping the camp and so begins the tale of Mars: War Logs.The combat in this game is really good, it is in some ways similar to The Witcher's combat system and feels fluid.You can also gather various materials from crates, heaps of junk and more that you can use to craft new armor and attachments to any of your moddable weapons.A must have for those who enjoy a good cyberpunk RPG."
76561198059364749,Recommended,232750,6117006,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,Lobster Surgeon,"This is really quite an amazing game, it looks great plays great and tailors to fans of all types of RPG type games. Buy this game right now or you'll die never having lived life to it's fullest. Also the voice acting is something to be warned about it can be comically bad for everyone except the main characters."
,Recommended,232750,6437536,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,SavageDonzilla,Good game. Combat reminiscent of KOTOR. Game takes place on Mars. Good graphics. Worth the cost of admission.
76561198045533567,Recommended,232750,7306904,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,"""]["" ][ ""]["" /-\ ][\][",Dont buy it. Its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t handling this char in fighting.
76561198045104233,Recommended,232750,7434884,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Rawbeezy,"Little known game, but interesting characters and great fight mechanics."
,Recommended,232750,7465117,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,-MSFT- Skiptomylou,"A suprising gem.  It has it's flaws but its not a terrible game by any stretch.  It's a linear RPG with an enjoyable combat system and a very entertaining story.  The game isn't very long but for the price I think it's appropriate.  I say check it out.  The game has a lot of ""potential"" but I doubt we'll be seeing any more of it (even though I would love a sequel).  You make choices throughout the game but really only one of them, in my opinion, really mattered.  There's some romance companions if you're into that even though you never really get to feel all that close to any of them.  The protagonist is a bad♥♥♥♥♥as well, even if you make the ""good"" decisions.  Don't go into it expecting Mass Effect and you'll come out of it quite satisfied."
76561198071030254,Recommended,232750,7827604,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,cullen_brn,"Very enjoyable game with several unique ideas and an interesting setting. Lacked some polish most notably in the third act, however it is worth playing."
76561197971485578,Recommended,232750,7918650,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Amshel,"Somewhat clunky but fun and imaginative game/setting. Not a AAA game but a solid buy on a deal/ discount.A decrepit mars colonial feel is a nice mix of settings and the lore is quite nice. Technomancy is a nice take on cyberpunk magic. Combat is not like most games and requires you to set up with grenades, mines, and nail shots.Story is quite strait forward but above average. Voice acting sounds like non English people speaking English but plays well with the setting.Gear can be customized and adds a nice bet of looks/use/variety."
76561197997737028,Recommended,232750,7923222,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,azareon,"When I first heard of Mars: War Logs, I was... skeptical. Not that the idea of a cyberpunk RPG set on Mars didn't appeal to me. And other reviews had made it sound sort of average at best. Yet I'm not one to reject new ideas and so I decided to give it a shot. And it was only around twenty bucks.To put it bluntly: money well spent.Mars: War Logs is a pretty intense game, with a tight storyline and at least decent gameplay. Sure, its graphics don't have a prayer against the latest incarnation of CoD and the like, but they are pretty impressive on their own for an indie game.You play as Roy Temperance, prisoner in a POW camp on Mars, in the aftermath of a war between two rival factions veering for dominance over the planet. The game begins with you saving a young man named Innocence from becoming a 'punk' and from thereon planning your escape from the camp.(For some reason I have yet to discern, every man in this setting is named after a virtue, Innocence, Temperance, Constance, Prudence... weird. But not bad. Roy is actually the odd man out in this scenario.)This is an action-rpg, meaning your character, Roy, is already a somewhat badass mofo, and the rpg-elements only serve to give you a choice what kind of badass mofo you're going to be. It follows the standard fighter-mage-thief trinity, with fighter being self explanatory, thief being labeled stealth and covering also things like fast-talking and bartering, and magic being called technomancy. I don't want to spoil anything but you have to progress a while in the game to acquire the technomancy abilities.There is a karma meter that influences what kind of perks you get, which influence your style of badass mofo-ery. You in turn influence the karma meter (or reputation) by your actions, specifically whether or not you extract water units from dead bodies. Extracting the water is bad, by the way.There is also a crafting system that allows you to create health or mana potions, or to upgrade your weapons and armor. What I actually like is that the upgrades also have a visual effect on Roy. You only fight with melee weapons for most of time, but in best prison tradition you can turn a simple rod into the shiv to end all shivs.One thing I have to say though: I think cyberpunk is not really the best way to describe the game. For me the game was more like a dirtier, grittier version of the Dune novels and the David Lynch movie. But maybe that's just me.Okay, bottom line: for an indie game, Mars: War Logs is pretty damn good. Sure, it cannot compare to the works of Bioware, Obsidian and Bethesda, but that is not the point. On its own merits, it works perfectly. I really recommend checking it out, because for twenty bucks you will get a lot more bang, so to speak."
76561198032067409,Recommended,232750,7965943,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,USM-Valor,"THE GOOD: A strong story, choices that drastically alter how things end (But not in terms of playable content, just storyline)THE BAD: Uneven voice acting, somewhat repetitive combat, no AI gear management.THE BOTTOM LINE: This game is strictly for RPG lovers. If you enjoy the genre, this is definitely one to play. The game is a lot like a low-budget Mass Effect. Give it a try with realistic expectations and you'll likely be pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,232750,8049258,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,aponly,"Good game.  Though the fighting gets a bit repetitiuos and the equipment gets topped out, it has a good story.  If you catch the game on a Steam sale even better."
76561198058634851,Recommended,232750,8151032,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Oscura,"Was in a half mind to get this game, but I think it is definitely well worth a purchase with a strong storyline, excellent graphics and edgy cutscenes. Although their development team was small and pushed with time, they have done really well!"
76561198088233607,Recommended,232750,8214691,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,danico64,"Totally recommended, I found the game really easy to play.The story seems to be good so far, and it really gives you the oportunity to make your own calls."
,Recommended,232750,8308903,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,raven,"A decent indie RPG. Decent combat, but stale environments and loot. It is worth a shot on sale."
,Recommended,232750,8782601,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,(not) Y2K Compliant,"Nice, solid, little rough round the edges RPG.It's like one of those hidden jems you pick up at the book exchange. You read the back cover and decide its worth a dollar or two but dont expect much. What you end up getting is a fantastic story, great characters and fantastic atmosphere.Sure the books pretty short and the cover and spine (gameplay) is barely held together but by the end you're glad you found it. You might even recommend it to someone down the track.That is what Mars: War Logs felt to me. Also bonus points for a sandworm bossfight."
76561197993639644,Recommended,232750,9638660,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Myrrh,"I really enjoyed this game, it is flawed but it's a very grey delicous rpg in the vein of the Witcher. The tone is pitch black, the choices are difficult and the combat is well designed and satisfying. The second act loses a fair bit of the pacing of the first, but it soon picks up again and overall will be a game I recommend."
,Recommended,232750,10244741,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Beef Kaker,"A fascinatingly well realized world.. well, mostly. Some of the voice acting and dialogue is a bit rum but the ideas are great. The game itself plays really well. The combat feels really tough. As opposed to something like the Batman games where you can easily deal with groups, you have to dive and take serious care. Sadly it can be frustrating as it tends to throw groups at you regularly.However, it's a rough diamond and well worth it. Pick it up if you like 3rd person combat with an RPG twist."
,Recommended,232750,11240666,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,grigoriprime,"The thing I love about this game is also it's primary drawback: you're constantly thinking ""if they had double their budget and another year of dev time this could be one of the best action RPGs in a decade.""While the things you wish were there sometimes bum you out (not that many levels, outfits, weapons, etc) the care and devotion to story evident even in the english translation of this game is constantly present. Despite the limited number of options compared to something like Borderlands or Arkham Asylum (the two games with the most similar gameplay styles IMO) most of them actuallly make you care and feel like genuine (if occasionally slighlty clichee) progressions in a compelling story.Just remember: this is a ""solidly medium sized"" mid buget game with a lot of love on the part of the devs clearly driving the experience. Don't buy it if you expect a Mass Effect or Fallout or Borderlands. But if you like sci fi, story driven, action RPGs this one is worth giving a shot at full price. If you can get it on sale... this game is one of the nicest surprises I've ever had from an impulse buy."
76561198032352664,Recommended,232750,11298739,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Ice The Man,"Good buy, good game! I was in the mood for Fallout however I am not a big fan of replaying games I have already beat. I wanted something new with a post apocalyptic/science fiction style game with RPG elements and plot twists that will keep me interested. Mars: War Logs is a good vacation into that craving. Not as good as a Fallout however has some similar elements that I enjoy. If Fallout 3/New Vegas slept with Star Wars KOTR 1 & 2 and had a baby, and the doctor accidentally dropped it on its head than it would be Mars: War Logs. They do some really good things right in this game, I enjoy the combat system more than I thought I would, the crafting system is simply yet still has me looking everywhere for items to craft.It has story line tasks while providing a little smaller tasks to keep you busy. The controls are easy and quick to pick up. The characters are well done with solid voice overs to help you follow along. I am only 3 hours into this game and will play it until I beat it. I do wish it was more open world like Fallout as the first chapter keeps you rather confined to a KOTR style area. Maybe as I get closer to the end it will open up more however that is really my only complaint. For what I paid for the game it was well worth my money. I am surprised however that this game did not get more attention than it has as it I have played more hyped games with worst design than this one. If I was to give it a star rating 1-5 I would say this is an easy 3 1/2 stars, 5 being the best. I will continue to dig deeper and this is well worth your time and money.Thanks for reading,Ice"
76561197962579158,Recommended,232750,11394860,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,antiEXo,"Easy 8/10Pretty solid story line. No real Plot Holes. Boss fights weren't exactly easy, nor were some regular encounters. Overall it was exactly what I was looking for. It wasn't terribly long, but I could've made it longer had I done all the side quests. I imagine I missed quite a few because I suspect you could level your character up all the way and my guess was missing more than a handful of skills, let alone maxed out skills. Like I said, the devs did a great job."
,Recommended,232750,1686938,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,Kure[DJS],"Great game : interesting story and universe. Sometimes, fighting may be a bit buggy, but the RPG elements and choices you can do in-game are good enough to pass trough. I enjoy the game  (even if I have not yet finished it)"
76561197971621981,Recommended,232750,528850,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,xGOD MACHINEx,Pretty cool sci-fi RPG brawler. Good voice acting and a so far intriguing story. worth checking out.
,Recommended,232750,760574,"Posted: 7 May, 2013",all,SirPent [UA],"Action RPG with good fighting on post apocalyptic Mars.Also you can use some ""force"" - become technomancer.There is looting and crafting.﻿ Enough quests.It reminds me KOTOR slightly."
,Recommended,232750,3546905,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Jacozard,"pretty solid game, very entertaining story"
,Recommended,232750,6747778,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,ShoopdaWoo,"Really good game, baught it for a laugh and its just like Mass Effect, definitely recommend."
76561198049652752,Recommended,232750,9563902,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Cocaine Panda,"in all honesty, Mars:war logs is not bad. with that being said, yes, it could of used a few more months in production, to fine tune some of its flaws, such as the voice acting, the mouth synching, the combat system, make the skill tree a lot bigger, and im sure a few more things as well. the voice acting seems as if the actors/actresses had nothing better to do on a saturday night and got casted to to the VO for this game, in other words, it sounds like they have no feeling behind what they say, etc.. the combat system could of used more polishing, the lock on system is buggy sometimes (dunno if its just me or what) but it seems like i cannot lock on to enemies to use the nailgun for example, there have been times where it simply will not lock on, or it will not switch to another enemy when i press the key to lock on. and then there is the ever annoying thing during combat when one of my hits connect but yet i still get hit myself and it ignores my hit, and my character stumbles, only to get hit by the other enemies that i am surrounded by. the companions that follow you, it seems like they dont do anything but distract the other enemies and get hit and almost die most of the time if you are not fast enough. back to the acting, its rather bad, the characters in the game, their faces are always stuck on surprised, or serious, such as the kid you meet in the beginning, his face is always stuck on ""OMG"" mode. as well as your toon's face is always serious sam mode. which  yes, can be looked over, but still would be nice to see an emotion change every once in a while.The skill trees, all 3 of them.. i feel like they could of expanded on this to give it more of an RPG feel, which even with the 3 trees, the xp system, etc.. it kinda feels like an RPG like it is, but i personally like a little more in depth to skill trees. the perk system for your toon as well, is meh at best, i mean, kill 5 guys, and spend 2 perk points to unlock a 10% xp boost, then, to get the second level of that same boost, kill 20 guys, and spend 4 points.. just for 10% stack to the first.like i said, there are flaws to this game, but yet, there are flaws to even major 5 star titles. If they would of spent (like i said earlier) maybe a few more months on this game, to give the graphics more ""mmph"", better optimize the game overall, fix the VO, add more skill tree depth, fine tune the combat system, and anyother things i may have missed, i would pay more than 3$ for it, but the way it is, im glad i only paid 3$. but ill still recommend it for those looking for something to kill the time to get over your 3 week SWTOR binge, while dinner cooks, or while waiting for your coffee to finish brewing. but do yourself a favor, and get it while its on sale if you are considering buying it."
76561197981900929,Recommended,232750,9612314,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,dark_ronnie,"a very interesting sci-fi rpg,the combat system is a real time action system with the option of a tactics button that slows down time and ability use,but its mainly real time.the story and world is a bit of a rough gem, lot of great things that could have used a wee bit more polishlastly the tutorial is done with small pop up windows that can be missed, which can leave you wondering how you were suppose to know you could acturally do things like open the tactics menu"
76561197966306327,Recommended,232750,9616418,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,badchad71,"Pros:Good StoryFun side questsFun crafting without going overboardCombat is fun and challengingStable, I didn't have a crash or bug through the whole gameI enjoyed the voice acting.  Not Oscar winning but good enoughCons:The cons are most likely budget constraints of a small studio making the title.I would have liked more content and wanted more when it was over.You don't interact with the environment much at all.Not as many different varieties  of enemies to battle.I really was surprised by this game at how good it is.  For an Indie game it is great."
76561198011430218,Recommended,232750,10756817,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,sgtmotuesday,"A little tricky to play, not incredibly open-ended, but still fun. It gets incredibly tough since your teammate doesn't do much, so tackling multiple enemies can be challenging. But interesting story and decent gameplay."
76561198039968894,Recommended,232750,11294365,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Avant Aklu,"If you have a low spec laptop, don't expect it to launch, its in need of a fairly powerful rig."
,Recommended,232750,11370340,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Mona Lisa Overdrive,"What a fantastic delve into Mars science fiction! This was a game that kind of slipped under the radar. I first bought it for 360 and it gave me a hell of a time (I am a man and I refuse to ask for directions-i.e. google). The story and creativity involved is admirable. You start out as a fish in prison, and yet it's not a horror survival game (budum-psh). It's an RPG not unlike the KOTOR series, set on Mars. I have yet to finish the game, admittedly, but I can't wait to! If only I could get past this one ♥♥♥♥ing part."
,Recommended,232750,11630855,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Walpulgiss,"I'll give the short version first. :)The best way to describe this game is:Imagine the spawn of a brief torrid threesome affair between The Witcher (the gameplay/combat), Fallout 3 (the atmosphere) and Mass Effect (the story setting). Take out a bit of awesomeness from it. Add the russian guy from GTA IV (on acid) as the protagonist aaaaaand...Congratulations!... It's a ""Mars: War Logs""! :DSo, this is a ""safe"" game... It picks up on stuff used succesfully countless times on other games of the same genre and repeats them competently. It doesnt have any ""great new features"", the maps or the history arent huge master pieces. Actually the questline that goes along with the story is pretty straightforward and the maps are short and simple.But the graphics are pretty great, the game is well built all arround and it's fun!I mean.. Werent you furstrated when you ended The Witcher, or Fallout 3, or Mass Effect? I admit i got lost and purposeless! I was loving the games and they ended... So, i know it's not the same, but with this game you can pick up from that ""orphan"" feeling those great games left you with and keep the fun going a little while.And for the money it costs... It's worth it!7/10Now, the boring and long version.So, this is the tipical 3rd person action RPG that takes role in an improbable future where mars was colonized and, naturally, there's conflict because every ""major power"" wants a piece of it. You start as a POW, inprisoned far behind enemy lines. As you work your way out of the prison, and after, running from your former cagers, you start unfolding a deeper plot concerning older inhabitants and their powerfull knowledge... Bla bla... Cliche... De ja vu... And ""play it yourself to find out"". ;)You'd expect that a game happening in a future far planet has all sort of advanced weapons, rayguns, guided missiles and stuff but.... no... Its more like ""Post apocaliptic future in mars"", so you'll use mostly pipes, hachets, bones and such as weapons. Combat is mainly melee, ranged weapons are used more like a complement in combat and later in game you'll develop some ""technomancer"" powers. These are basicaly ""Sorcerer's magic"" but based on technology.I think the rate this game got with the critics is unfair. The game is not ""epic"" (as the graphics might suggest) but is very decent entertainment.The story is engaging. The character leveling up keeps gameplay fresh and interesting. New skill and abilities are meaningfull and will keep you focused. As gameplay is concerned, you'll find it very familiar overall and will constantly relate to similar features in other games.The characters are built well enough, although i confess i hasnt able to create any ""deep emotional connection"" to them. It was hard to feel empathy and maybe because of that i never really connected to the game atmosphere.Concluding, the game has all elements to keep you interested for a while (if you are into this kind of game). But you must be carefull and dont fall to the tempation of comparing this games to the ""giants"" of the genre or you might end up feeling and thinking the same as the critics that rated this game with a 5/10.As mentioned earlier: a solid 7/10"
,Recommended,232750,12000184,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Everlife,"The graphics are subpar, and the gameplay is nothing new.  Oddly enough, I found myself enjoying story enough to play it through (something that happens less and less often these days.)  If you can get it for $10, it's worth it for the 10 or 15 hours you'll put into it."
76561198001584035,Recommended,232750,13972473,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,BobMammoth,"Not bad. The storyline is good. They've created a somber futuristic ruined world on Mars. Really nice. The combats are hard to master but eventually, you get to it."
76561198043167225,Recommended,232750,14279710,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Elendhur,"As an indie game, I find the rating of Mars: War Logs unfair.I admit I played the game just now, as of January 2015. I have no idea of how bugged it was - apparently it was, according to other reviewers - but in my hands ran just smoothly.Based on such remarks, here are my opinions on the game:The setting and the artwork are nice, with a flavour of steam-punk style. After all, Mars is the red planet.Dungeons, caves, and maps in general are a bit repetitive.Dialogues are just fine. Perhaps they lack a bit of depth, though they are just enjoyable as such. The story is nice and leaves plenty of room for other episodes.Animations are well made. It is nice the way it slows time down when opening the wheel menu or while counter-attacking.It is a pity that jumping is not available, although it would be useless considering the game mechanics.RPG mechanics are OK; the characters evolves by spending points in the three branches or potentiating already unlocked skills.Combat may be the weak element of the game. After getting acquainted with the commands and the combat mechanics, the most successful way is to evade all the time, hit'n'run. If AoE skills from the Technomancer's branch, that becomes even easier.Equipment is also lacking depth. There is a lot of different weapon and armour upgrades, though it is rather difficult to find upgradable pieces during the game. The nice point here, is that you can adjust your gameplay by choosing the desired upgrades - which, by the way, also change parts of the look of the upgraded item according to their stats.Crafting also appears to be incomplete and could be improved a lot.Overall, I believe this is not a ""< 60 game"". As already state, based on the opening remarks, I would rate this as a 65, at least."
76561198025171737,Recommended,232750,15011160,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Maloth,"Mars: War Logs was a pretty charming play.  I really liked it.  It's a somewhat short game but loaded with character.  It's pretty clear that the designers took a lot of inspiration from the classic Neverwinter Nights game elements and quest design.  Main quest with side quests, get to know your companions, make moral choices that shape the story outcome, level skills.  You play Roy, consummate badass, who begins finding himself locked away in an internment camp.  It's worth a discount buy.  Due to finishing it in, I think, three or four solid sessions, I wouldn't pay a pile for it but it's still awesome."
